well , he specifically said the state helped him a lot in setting up his business . 
  he just finds taxes and other responsibilities too much of a burden . 
  the quote you posted was delusional enough in light of him admitting the state helped him get his business running , but another thing that really caught my eye was that he also wants us to * eliminate collective bargaining * . 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  i do n't like to judge people without knowing them , but i have a suspicion that he 's the type of borderline-narcissistic employer who will at some point fuck his employees in the ass for marginal gain . 
  he 's not what people are used to in a pm , many think he 'd fit better in a foreign relations or eu role . 
  he 's very smooth and media-aware ( active on twitter etc ) , and many people distrust that . 
  on top of that , the current government has been like a dog with all its legs tied together chasing its stubbed tail while the ground beneath it is crumbling , so frustration is somewhat high and the usual inter-party shit flinging will be more prominent . 
  it 's because you are turning a case of a mentally disturbed kid into a tiring debate that many have gone through before . 
  basically , you are attributing his mental health issues to some internet and media influences , rather than recognizing these behaviours ( glorifying killers ) are an effect of what ails him , not the cause . 
  yeah they demonstrated a few bad practices in the video . 
  that fire was a hazard , and you are not supposed to cut down living trees no matter how small . 
  presumably they had permission from the land owner , but it could n't have been that big a bother to at least make the fire safe . 
  good commercial anyway , demonstrated quite well how satisfying it is to sit down and relax after preparing a camp . 
  after reading the latter thread , i 'd say it was n't your opinion that was abrasive , but rather your replies ; you invited discussion on the treaty , while maintaining an often dismissive tone during the thread . 
  many of your responses to posters came down to `` we do n't know anything for sure yet , we should n't discuss speculations '' which i found rather ironic . 
  i 'm not even saying your original submission did n't have a point at all or anything ( though it did have some ... inflammative off-hand remarks ) , just that your conduct after might have made it easy for people to call you a shill . 
  do you actually believe this shit you are writing ? 
   some jobs i would describe over 10000 jobs with something other than ` some ' . 
  but hey at least there 's pizza for the people that remain !, 
  it has been ` on the table ' in finland since the 90s , this is just one of the times the conversation is slightly louder . 
  you really did n't actually watch the video , did you ? 
  just felt like you needed to have your say ? 
  it is obvious you have n't the slightest clue what you are talking about . 
   sweden and finland are now willing to join that 's not true . 
  maybe you should actually watch the video instead of mouthing off like an idiot ? 
  it explained at length that it 's not likely that we will join because public support for it is very low . 
  most of the people who want to join have done so for as long as the conversation has existed . 
   hmm . . judaism has no place in the nordics . . ? 
  your reading comprehension is lacking . 
  he said that medically unnecessary circumcision on infants has no place , be it by muslim , atheist , jew , hindu , viking and christian parents . 
  the problem people have with circumcision is the ethical question of consent in unnecessary modifications to the body . 
  it is tiring that the conversation is always dragged down by the hitler/anti-semitism card . 
  it 's an intellectually dishonest way to debate , and annoying besides . 
  you are unnecessarily offending people by calling them racist , without ever once even * trying * to understand ( agreement not required ) the reasonings behind their opinions . 
   come on you have to be delusional to think finland could hold out against russia . 
  no-one thinks this . 
  russia winning is very much the expected outcome in case of full scale war without outside intervention . 
  therefore , as a deterrent , the defense is geared to make this as costly and painful as possible , i.e. 
  bathe the soil in blood and fire . 
  anyway , there 's no way in hell eu members would refrain from interfering , as inaction could prove fatal for the union . 
  i hope it 's removed in finland . 
  such blocks are a dangerous precedent on a societal level , and completely ineffective for their purpose . 
  for fucks sake , i do n't know how choosing the most suitable male has anything to do with anything . 
  you are still rationalizing ; i said that mammals in nature are promiscuous , both male and female , which goes directly against your argument , yet you somehow see that as an argument * for * your point of view . 
  anyway , let 's be more specific : the crux of your argument lies in that males want `` unspoiled '' females . 
  yet , in nature , this is irrelevant . 
  males will mate with any females that are in a mating cycle and receptive , regardless of their virgin status or if they had offspring before . 
  i doubt you will change your mind though , or even concede a point , so i 'll end this futile endeavour . 
  you are rationalizing . 
  the basis of your argument is fundamentally flawed , as most mammals , both male and female , reproduce more than once with more than one mate . 
  now you 're just not making sense . 
  there is no biological imperative for virginity . 
  the purity thing is a social construct , nothing more . 
  this is a thought borne of religion and outdated societal views , not any valid physiological or medical considerations except maybe stds , but that applies to men equally . 
  the implication in your narrative is that women having sex is an unclean , unnatural act ( choose quality , undefiled , slut , etc ) , which is a sentiment heavily promoted by religion . 
  you say you are n't talking about morality , but you clearly consider women having sex before marriage a very negative thing . 
  also , please explain why you think it 's unclean and whatever , because i am interested in how one rationalizes this sort of thinking without religion . 
  `` are we to trust services and products that potentially violate eu laws and the privacy of their citizens , when you maintain that you are unable to disclose any such potential violations because of compelling from an entity that holds no jurisdiction in europe . '', 
  this is a valid concern and calls into question said firms ' operation in the area . 
  if say microsoft products include backdoors for a foreign agency , law says that said products could not be sold in europe ( or any other region with privacy laws ) at all , or would have to be modified to not include such backdoors . 
  it is problematic that the firms are unwilling to disclose much anything on the matter . 
  you 're right that those types of comments step a little over the lines of good taste , but it should also be noted that the protest made the assertion that the move was a moral stain on the council of europe and racist in nature , which is something the proponents of the banning of infant circumcision might take offense to and react with similarly inflammatory rhetoric . 
  i realize you are trying to shed light on how and why the jewish people will perceive this thing as discriminatory , and i understand where they are coming from , but in my opinion societies claiming to be secular should not play favourites with religions based on historical context or the length of traditions , but rather handle these matters based on the context of societal values . 
  i do n't mean that historical context should be wholly forgotten , which would be irresponsible for a multitude of reasons , but rather that it should not act as a block to progress . 
  so , let me get this straight . 
  if i oppose infant circumcision , i am a closeted antisemite ? 
  i 'd take offense to that if it did n't amuse me . 
  it 's akin to me accusing you of being a child hater because you are defending these religious groups ' right to practice it . 
  it 's an absurd stretch . 
  the people here are not opposed to circumcision , but the fact that it is being done to infants who have no say in the matter . 
  i have n't tried the first one mentioned ( will have to now ) , but i have to agree on sahti , it 's very unique and delicious . 
  thanks for clearing it up . 
  this is such a useful facet of reddit when reading news headlines . 
  if it sounds at all sensationalist or controversial , usually someone with more knowledge of the subject will have called out the bullshit in one of the top posts . 
  i rarely even open the news articles on this site before checking the comments first . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but the reforms are not quite as dramatic as the headline might imply . 
   one of their ice hockey commentators really likes slovakia it 's not that he ( antero mertaranta ) likes any country more than others , except maybe finland , but rather that he 's really enthusiastic about sports in general and likes to commentate with feeling . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26nxazqzbok ) would be a perfect example of him commentating exciting moments in sports . 
  he 'll go crazy during a hockey game if it 's exciting enough , even if finland is not playing . 
  not to worry , every time she says something like this , there is a burst of people leaving the state church . 
  she almost single-handedly caused like [ 40,000 people to leave the church ] ( http://eroakirkosta.fi/static/ek-tilastot/thumb_vuodet.png ) ( note the spike in 2010 ) after she appeared on a discussion show about gay rights . 
  i doubt it 'll be even close to that number this time , but no doubt it 'll at least be noticeable in the statistics . 
  in a way p\u00e4ivi r\u00e4s\u00e4nen is actually a positive force for secularity in finland , as she is helping the cause to separate the evangelic lutheran church from its priviliged position among religious institutions . 
  it 's beautifully ironic . 
  that 's one of the times she opened her mouth . 
  i probably did n't stress enough that i 'm rather neutral on the issue . 
  i decided to reply because i disliked the tone in your post , as these are perfectly valid concerns and should not be dismissed off-handedly . 
  i also really did n't like the way you equated raising this issue with xenophobia/racism . 
  i believe you just called me a racist too , which is amusing . 
  also i found your description of the purpose of the eu questionable . 
  and the idea that any protection of national interests is not something a member country should do is absurdly idealistic . 
  i would say that the understanding was always that substantial financial support would be provided to growing economies , rather than an elaborate scheme to equalize wealth across all members . 
  in other words , to help others move up rather than just move everyone into an average state , regardless of the direction . 
  to me it seems from the tone of your post that you do not consider the potential lessening of the danish student and other forms of welfare support to be a bad thing , but rather a natural step in the evolution of the union . 
  i 'd say that were it to happen , it would be potentially dangerous to the danish economy , and in case it was , would lessen their ability to funnel money into important developement programs in the eu . 
  note that i 'm not arguing that it will , but cascading effects like these are not really out of the question , if the changes have effects in the internal politics of denmark . 
  the ability to abuse their system through what the article described as ` benefit tourism ' is a valid concern , and should not be just shrugged off with a `` lol that 's just how it is , deal with it '' reply . 
  this form of movement of population is not really a goal the eu has ever been after ; personally i would argue that it has next to zero positive effects on the financial developement of the union . 
  usa does n't dominate .
