  i read the top comment too, 
  the invading army is just mentally ill . 
   we have about 300 homicides a month . 
  thats probably more than the entire british islands had in the last decade . 
  there are about 5-600 murders a year in the uk , you may be confusing it with gun related murders , which is much lower , about 20-50 a year . 
  also important to remember homicide does n't mean murder , they can include suicides and accidents . 
  but yeah the recorded murder rate in brazil is still 25 times higher than the uk . 
  it may be higher still , given unreported murders in brazil . 
  how ? 
  very few jobs are supported by protectionism in the uk vs the rest of the eu . 
  the 1 week anniversary of the nice attacks , the day after the axe attack , and he was reportedly shouting alahu akbar, 
  so the 18 year old iranian muslim named as `` ali david sonboly '' had links to an incarcerated norweigan white power extremist who has been in prison since the attacker was 13 . 
  i was talking about donald john trump, 
  paul f and john t will have a field day over this, 
  do the german press call angela merkel , dorothea m ? 
  or are they deliberately using his middle name and first initial of his surname in futile attempt to make him not sound muslim ? 
  ali david sonboli, 
  `` join isis '' they do n't have a membership scheme mate , anyone claiming this guy was n't inspired by isis is deluded . 
  their politics and laws are based on islam, 
  `` the british sun '' never heard of that one . 
  is it the sun , the scottish sun or the irish sun ? 
  my mistake , the leading candidate is [ steven woolfe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steven_woolfe ) , who was the person i was talking about . 
  ukip 's new leader is mixed race , his grandfather was black , the slightly brown thing you claim does n't seem to stand up . 
  there are many , many big angofrench agreements independent of the eu . 
  these wo n't stop after brexit . 
  [ people used to call blackpool cesspool for a reason ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/1642522.stm ), 
  you say that as if that is n't the perfect beach holiday ? 
  forget sun , sea and sand , we have stones , seagulls and sewage . 
  well let 's just hope for a mutual trade deal rather than the `` fuck you , fuck us '' deal redditors seem to advocate . 
  it will not go completely in the eu 's favour or the uk 's . 
  thinking that the uk will continue to pay the same , continue free movement of people , allow negative impacts on uk fisheries and agriculture is delusional the uk will not allow restrictions on uk financial services while continuing to support agriculture in france and manufacturing in germany . 
  who ever heard of london before the eu , and i 'm sure belguim , denmark and the netherlands will be delighted when they can no longer fish in uk waters . 
  i 'm sure german manufacturers will be delighted when they have to compete with the rest of the world . 
  french , italian and spanish farmers will be delighted when they have to deal with tariffs selling produce to the uk . 
  the eastern european countries will be delighted from being cut off from developmental cash , and their people ca n't send money back home from the uk without paying . 
  greece , malta , portugal , france will delight in british holiday makers choosing other sunny places to visit . 
  the us will freely continue to guarantee to provide intelligence and military backing to the eu while the only remaining real power in the eu is france , who are n't part of nato . 
  we offer nothing . 
  rolls royce is a terrible example for your argument . 
  bmw knows rolls royce is a british brand . 
  the customers of rolls royce want a slice of the old fashioned british regal decadence . 
  if they wanted a german brand , they would buy a maybach . 
  the uk does not benefit from single market protectionism , we do n't want to be part of it , merely maintain good trade relations . 
  i do n't think the uk will be , or want to remain part of the single market , but continue to trade with it without tariffs or too many restrictions . 
  i do n't think it will be a take it or leave it negotiation , or as you put it a `` fuck off '' negotiation . 
  the uk will no longer be in the eu and will not be subject to that , this will be a separate deal , for which i believe the uk will be in a very strong position . 
  which non uk , eu companies put their hqs in the uk ? 
  it 's mostly multinationals from outside that put their largest offices in the uk . 
  i worked for a large us multinational . 
  it 's largest office outside the us is in london , however , technically for tax purposes it 's eu hq was in dublin . 
  the uk office has thousands of staff , the eu hq in dublin had fewer than 100 . 
  it was all for complex tax arrangements , and nothing will change now the uk has left . 
  their proxy official eu hq will remain in dublin , while the largest office named the ukmea hq ( uk , middle east , and africa ) office will remain in london . 
  i ca n't see the eu keeping it 's fishing rights in uk waters , eu developmental money from britain and complete free movement with the uk in this bargaining agreement . 
  if you are talking about attacking the financial services , remember , what harms london will harm new york , hong kong , and other eu and worldwide markets , these financial centres are linked inextricably . 
  london does not rely on the single market , it is not only the financial hub of europe ( and i mean europe , not just the eu ) but the hub of trade in europe , the middle east and africa . 
  the idea it could switch to frankfurt in a matter of years is not tenable . 
  there 's pink champagne on ice in brussels by the hectolitre . 
  i do n't know , the uk has plenty to bargain with , free movement , money to the eu , fishing access in uk waters , access to london , links to the us and commonwealth , military and intelligence , not to mention that the eu exports more to the uk than the uk exports to the eu . 
  tariffs will hurt both ways . 
  i certainly do n't think this will be as simple as the eu having all the chips as most in this sub seem to think . 
  the uk is/was the second biggest net contributors to the eu . 
  denmark and the netherlands will soon follow, 
  why was n't there a vote to see if that satisfied the people who voted against it ? 
  my complaint is that it will never be changed , it will get worse . 
  no , it is n't , i am interested in eu politics , am fairly intelligent ( admittedly by my own assessment ) i still find it all exteemly complicated , i 'm sure this is by design , hell , watch [ `` bitter lake '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bitter_lake_ ( film ) by adam curtus , it really hits the nail on the head about the politics of confusion . 
  it is about russia and the west and the confounding politics , but exactly the same tactics are employed by the eu to confuse the electorate . 
  despite having 30 % . 
  none from the uk , they have almost absolute power , almost no one else can affect change . 
  well if none of our elected representatives agree with the epp , what do you suggest ? 
  just suck it up ? 
  that does n't solve the problem . 
  you can lobby a local mp , and mps are free to vote against their party . 
  my local mp could even suggest a bill regardless of their political affiliation . 
  i ca n't do that with an mep . 
   ealistically . 
  the only way out of that situation is not participating in the eu in the first place . 
  which is why i voted leave , and i implore other nations to do so as well . 
  i do blame the eu , the workings of the eu are so complicated you may as well ask people to vote on aspects of quantum mechanics . 
  confusion and over complication have been used by religion and dictatorships for centuries . 
   bring on a proper european constitution i think several countries voted against that so they changed the name to `` lisbon treaty '' and gave no one a vote , except the irish , who voted no , but they ignored that , and flipped the coin again with no changes . 
  even if 100 % of the uk or any other country voted for one party , they could not effect change unless they were voting for a party in the epp . 
  but that parliament ca n't propose laws , i can vote for a party , but unless it 's part of the epp , which no uk parties are , it ca n't do anything . 
  it 's purposely extremely confusing and complicated to the extent that choice is taken away from the electorate , the vast majority of the citizens of the eu have absolutely no clue whatsoever who or what they are voting for in eu elections . 
  i take an interest in eu politics , and i find it incredibly confusing, 
  just wondering what pro eu types think about the leadership of the eu . 
  what do you think about the 4 presidents , and the commission ? 
  they write our laws and we ca n't hold them to account , ask anything of them , or oust them in elections if we do n't like them . 
  it all seems undemocratic and cloak and dagger to me , and i really distrust it . 
  [ pretty is n't it chief ? 
  it sure is , get the tear gas ] ( https://youtu.be/s3qthn1r6nq?t=53s ), 
  john gaunt does n't have a column in the sun . 
  if you 're having a go at columnists , russel brand writes for the guardian . 
  they do n't do that . 
  do you read these publications or are you just assuming that 's what they do ? 
  they 're not racist . 
  just because you are offended by something does n't make you correct . 
  what i 'd say to a migrant who is upset with the sun or mail is `` we have free press here , so buck up '' . 
  you can read the morning star or new statesman if you want . 
  the second point i do n't agree with , they are not racist .
