  except he did n't say that did he ? 
  this is here say click bait shit journalism . 
  germany . 
  he wants to block us leaving the eu . 
  he 's setting up an anti brexit office . 
  guess he 's not satisfied with how much everyone already hates him , and now wants to try and overturn a referendum . 
  [ here 's a bbc article on it ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-33849764 ) but yeah , to put it shortly , it 's mostly because of the iraq war . 
  blair has an approval rating of -66 . 
  he is very , very unpopular . 
  if you prefer the scots , i doubt you 've met any . 
  well it 's a british newspaper , so that 's probably why, 
  we do it with eu citizens , there is a flight as often as twice a week flying from the uk deporting polish nationals alone who are either wanted in poland , or committed crimes here . 
  i ca n't believe the bbc made this , my licence fee paid for this ... 
  woo , now it just wo n't work when you go abroad now they ca n't charge you, 
  that place is an anti uk circle jerk anyway , they 'll love it, 
  a uk flair is more of a target here . 
  we got the refugees up in here, 
  finally , a hotel where all the sun loungers wo n't be `` reserved '' by towels . 
  sign me up . 
  people change . 
  do n't forget the current older generation were once hippies , punks and what not . 
  they grew up . 
  bad poll . 
  no `` the same '' or `` do n't know '' option . 
  french 's american mustard is owned by a british firm . 
  that does n't make it british . 
  jaguar is owned by an indian firm , that does n't make it indian . 
  the uk is 6th largest manufacturer in the world by value . 
  we 're the world 's 6th biggest manufacturer by value . 
  abs pipework seems to be made exclusively in the us, 
  primark is an irish company that makes stuff in the 3rd world . 
  aerospace , pharmaceuticals , luxury goods . 
  you should say according to a report in that case , seeing as we can not see the collection methodology or the raw data . 
  hold on , do the german police collect immigration data on all of the people they arrest , and charge ? 
  and they release all of this data ? 
  i 'm fairly sure they do n't do this . 
  mostly only the ones with irish parents or grandparents , which is a lot of people . 
  inflation is no higher than other countries and growth is stronger . 
  the uk 's economy is n't dying , what are you on about ? 
  it 's consistently been the fastest or one of the fastest growing large economies in the developed world . 
  several perpetrators would suggest a planned attack rather than one loony, 
  you misunderstood what i said then . 
  the uk should not guarantee the rights of non british eu citizens living in the uk before it can guarantee the rights of british citizens living in the rest of the eu . 
  the uk has plenty of cards to play , but it does n't need to toss one in the bin before negotiations even start . 
  the uk is a huge net contributor to the eu , it has plenty of cards up it 's sleeve to play with in it 's negotiations . 
  the government wants to secure the right to stay of it 's citizens in the rest of the eu before committing to do the same here . 
  if we have already put this into law before negotiations begin with the eu , we might not be able to do so because we will have lost any negotiating position and be relying on the eu to reciprocate in good faith alone . 
  the lords were wrong to demand this amendment . 
  i 'm sorry your argument is stupid . 
  i suppose you support news censorship as well to stop people being scared . 
  isis 's goal is to establish an islamic caliphate , not just scare people . 
  you are right , i misread something , she was cleared of hate speech not misusing funds . 
  i 'm sure it 's still bullshit and will be dropped after the election . 
  ~ ~ no , she was cleared of misusing funds . 
  so ~ ~ they dug this nonsense up . 
  edit - strike through , i was wrong . 
  i believe the black background and white edging is representing cornwall . 
  scotland is still represented by the white `` x '' or saltire is still on the flag representing scotland , and the red northern ireland . 
  could throw the welsh dragon on top . 
  and chicken carcasses are about 40 times more likely to contain salmonella in the eu . 
  the eu does n't allow washing after gutting , it only allows a blast of cold air . 
  i 'd have put tizer for england and wales and irnbru for scotland, 
  except corbyn and his chancellor are actual self described marxists . 
  his chancellor is a self described marxist . 
  he literally threw chairman mao 's red book at george osbourne and told him to read it in parliament . 
  this is what true press freedom looks like . 
  you are completely correct and shouldnt be downvoted . 
  the sun is populist it just wats to sell papers , the sun in scotland endorses the snp for example . 
  have you not seen us on holiday ? 
  wembley or the o2 would be a good place to host it next year , just saying . 
  and graham norton would host, 
  i like croatia already, 
  it 's been an eu directive to get it used in sport since 2011 . 
  `` european flag should be flown at major international sports events held on the eu territory and suggests to sports federations to consider the idea of having it displayed on the clothing of athletes from member states , alongside the national flags '' http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?type=report&amp;reference=a7-2011-0385&amp;language=en, 
  i 'd also recommend [ when the wind blows ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090315/ ) oh , and protect and survive - watch that before you watch when the wind blows . 
  it 's great , depressing , grim , but great . 
  depending on where you 're from you may want to use subtitles as well , a couple of the characters have thick sheffield accents . 
  the continent ? 
  it does n't have one . 
  the above flag is the flag of a political organisation , like nafta . 
  i think it 's divisive to use the eu flag in the banner . 
  i just watched [ threads ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090163/ ) about 2 hours ago , funny this should pop up . 
  so it 's not the flag of the continent . 
  there are council members not on the continent , and countries on the continent not in the council . 
  flag of europe , or european flag is an official symbol of two separate organizations -- the council of europe ( coe ) and the european union ( eu ) . 
  someone tell the mods of this sub , hover your cursor over the header banner and you get an eu flag . 
  none of that describes fascism, 
  no it is n't, 
  i do n't know what you 're getting at . 
  i still learnt latin at my school . 
  [ ok ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/most-spoken.jpg ), 
  ah , so much better . 
  anyway , i said last year , as in the last 365 days , not the previous calendar year . 
  proof it 's safe for kids to protest against a fascist rally . 
  i wonder if people would have felt safe forming a line of children in front of the communist may day protesters ? 
  we should issue one against travel to chicago , well over 1000 fatal shootings in the past year . 
  well this title is sensationalist and is a non story . 
  just want to make it clear that this is in no way uk government policy or thinking . 
  should say a house of lords committee . 
  committees are held all the time within our parliament .
