  australia the traitor can take our place !, 
  we beat germany and france , the best result we could have hoped for . 
  someone give austria a point so germany is the only one finishing with nil pois . 
  damn a point for france , oh shit , 3 points !!, 
  no points for russia from lithuania , no weird shitty acts , am i watching eurovision ??? 
  i think all the ones cutting to black must be giving us 12 points, 
  the falklands are n't part of argentina , we won . 
  shit , nothing from spain either , damn lazy expats, 
  something something ww2, 
  comeon aus , 12 points for daddy, 
  hoping australia our favorite son gives us a few points to get ahead of the frogs, 
  i 'd say we 're succeeding, 
  austria always give you at least a point . 
  wow shes pretty, 
  get on with it, 
  uk v france for last place, 
  i wonder why ... 
  damn i was hoping the topless one graham norton mentioned would be her . 
  is that why they have their bags with them ? 
  i 'm too drunk for all these rapid camera changes, 
  a nice bum and an old guy, 
  whats with the big pepsi logo before every song, 
  the trouble with the qualifiers means the weirdest shit gets filtered out before tonight , which is what i watch it for . 
  the one on the drums is actually a woman, 
  wo n't be held there if they win , they pick where it will be held in a european city of their choice . 
  yeah love , you still need a phone for the app . 
  is this one of the weird ones ? 
  hope so, 
  tron meets terrible musical, 
  you would n't want to, 
  whats with the tinsel on the shoes ? 
  it 's not that bad , she does n't have to wear ear defenders . 
  set looks expensive , glad we never have to pay for it . 
  wow , we just have a call in for euro vision, 
  human rights act 1998 has nothing to do with most employment , only applies to public bodies . 
  so if you work in the private sector you are n't covered by the human rights act 1998 . 
  also as an eu member the government is still bound to the european court of human rights , you would have to appeal it in strasbourg and not the uk rather than both . 
  ukip voter here , both . 
  i want the uk to leave the eu , and i want a substantial reduction in no and low skilled immigration . 
  if you 've eaten a hot dog you 've already eaten what could be called a lip and anus pudding . 
  delicious with egg , if you are cooking it grill or fry both sides until it 's crispy . 
  no its the yanks that have the meaming of the word mixed up . 
  pudding comes from the french word boudin which is a type of sausage . 
  puddings were origninally anything put in a sausage case and boiled , a lot of these were deserts . 
  black pudding is pigs blood put in a sausage casing . 
  its not random or cold, 
  no , condiments are room temperature not chilled , and condiments are not part of a full english . 
  what 's cold on a full english ? 
  nothing . 
  fried eggs , bacon , toast , black pudding , baked beans , fried tomatos and mushrooms , hash browns , sausage and tea all served hot . 
  i was in new york for a week , saw a double murder and had my bag stolen but did n't witness a vegetable . 
  it would be a mess like congress is in the states , get rid of it and use the chamber for an english parliament, 
  just get rid of the house of lords , we have enough politicians without them, 
  well the england and bad food stereotype dates back to ww2 food rationing, 
  well that was 41 years ago , when it was a trade agreement of western european states . 
  you 'd have to have been 69 to vote in that , and my grandfather has told me back n those days he had no idea wht he was voting for . 
  so let us leave while remaining a trading partner , not too much to ask is it ? 
  i 've worked for a major multi national cooperation who officially had their european headquarters in dublin ( for tax purposes ) . 
  they had 20 employees in dublin , they had over 3000 employees n london . 
  more in london than new york , despite it being a company founded in new york . 
  franch and italian manufacturing and farming is protected by the eu , germany and the uk are being charitable . 
  i find it incredible that germany would be prepared to harm it 's exports and on top of that pay even more than it already does . 
  germany would be happy to pick up the eu deficit tab of the 2nd biggest economy in the eu , and on top of that restrict trade to it 's biggest customer to encourage other nations to not hold a referendum on eu membership ? 
  bullshit , germany will want to sell less cars to the uk ? 
  spain , italy and france will want to sell less wine and food ? 
  eastern bloc is the ones that will suffer from brexit , and they have no power anyway . 
  my prediction = the eu widely wont , the french will - pretend to , but wo n't in reality . 
  the french have the illusion that if the uk leaves paris will become a financial centre that london is , if the uk leaves the eu , in realiy it is as likely that england will produce great wine if france left . 
  2.9 % total tax income is a huge amount of money edit - you can downvote me if you like but if you think germany or any other western state will further subsidence mediterranean farming and east european development schemes by raising their taxes across the board by a further 3 % on every taxation level you are mad . 
  the uk shares intelligence with the us more closely than with the rest of the eu . 
  i think the uk 's intelligence gathering would probably be illegal under eu law if there was one , in fact i think the uk 's intelligence gathering would be illegal under us law as well , so i ca n't see a eu wide intelligence cooperation like the 5 eyes has being extended to the wider eu . 
  it may even compromise the 5 eyes , as i think from what snowden has told us the uk spies on the rest of the eu on behalf of the 5 eyes . 
  i do n't think the us or uk would want gchq , mi6 and mi5 bound by an eu wide law . 
  i know a guy that used to work for the met police in london as a fraud investigator , he told me a call to the fbi for information and it would just be like `` yep , here you go , all the info you requested '' immediately , and visa versa . 
  no way that was possible with europol or other eu agencies . 
   as they see it -- almost everything he demanded in his renegotiation of the terms of british membership . 
  what ? 
  they gave him nothing of substance . 
  brexit will leave a massive 20 billion euro hole in the eu budget , would the rest of the eu want to harm their own economies by imposing trade restrictions ? 
  just to get back at the uk for democratically deciding to leave ? 
  the suggestion from this article is that the eu would act like an irrational , petty ex lover . 
  if we want to ruin tea we 'll put the milk in first , anything more is sacrilege . 
  great , now whenever i ca n't find one of my shoes in the morning i 'm going to think of this . 
  as a londoner , fuck boston , i remember as a kid seeing on the news americans in boston paying for bullets and bombs against london . 
  wow , look at that uk toll 1970 - 1998 , fuck the ira and uvf . 
  [ this is the only image i could find of the logo ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/74280000/jpg/_74280317_1997-01-26_farage_ukip_formation.jpg ), 
  i always have a look around the resort and town on google maps before booking a holiday , so that does sound like a bad idea . 
  speak for yourself, 
  please no , why does it need to get bigger and poorer ? 
  i should n't bother arguing with you , because you sound like a moron . 
  but banks and financial institutions from all over the world base themselves in london . 
  if anything , one of the major reasons to leave the eu is to avoid eu interference with the city of london . 
  the financial sector is not subsidised by the eu , and london has been a leading world centre of trade for centuries . 
  no , you 're wrong , the uk is a net contributor to the tune of # 8.8 bn when you factor in all subsidies and rebate . 
  what concessions ? 
  nothing that matters has changed . 
  i think i need to go to hospital as well in that case, 
  yeah , i 'm sure the women are treated fairly and it was completely their choice . 
  yes i do , problem is the sharia courts are acting more like judges than independent ombudsmen . 
  brilliant,
