because countries like pakistan , afghanistan and many other muslim countries have very low literacy rates , particularly among women, 
  i would guess a lot of muslim immigrants are illiterate . 
  what war has the us fought on it 's own ? 
  i would have gone for the tower of london over edinburgh castle, 
  they should show it with what is expected , i pay virgin media for up to 200mbps , never had over 70mbps , averages 40mbps, 
  i would do a few years in prison for # 60m , but i 'm not a 83 year old billionaire i suppose . 
  the back door is always open , so at a traffic light or any time the bus stops you can get on or off , its not restricted to bus stops . 
  yay to the euro !, 
  he 's talking about the good old fairway cab , the ones shown are tx4s and the fugly nissan, 
  the eu is just an expensive bureaucracy , it has no real power or influence edit ; to clarify , the power and pressure rests with individual member states , the eu itself can only implement trade restrictions . 
  whoever the new president is , ca n't remember his name , he 's just an overpaid puppet . 
  holland , cameron and merkel have more power . 
  to be honest in religious education they said all this bullshit about `` holes in evolution \\ scientific explanations '' and gave us a text book of it . 
  i gave it to my physics teacher and one by one he went through all of the points and dismembered them in front of the class . 
  was it ever ? 
  i went to a very catholic school and science was science , religion was religion . 
  [ should have listened to thatcher ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8251211.stm ) - she warned a re unified germany would have too much power in the eu , and that east and west germany should remain separate countries . 
  uk cyprus is probably old people `` retiring in the sun '' . 
  cyprus was also part of the empire for a bit as well . 
  also when i went there , many brits run hotels and bars catering to british tourists , and young people get summer jobs there . 
  ca n't use google translate on a picture though, 
  i 'd say planning permission is holding back infrastructure development like hs2 and heathrow expansion . 
  just eats up time and money . 
  london is happy to accept all of the ** oil rich ** arabs that want to live here . 
  one gave me a # 100 tip the other day , and i 'm not even a stripper or prostitute . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.bikermetric.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/camels_in_car.jpg ), 
  do you call the yellow stuff they put in the burgers fromage ? 
  but you can do nothing . 
  not saving them is the do nothing option . 
  rescuing them from foreign waters and transporting them to the eu has encouraged more of these desperate people to take perilous journeys across the med in the belief they will be rescued and lifted to europe . 
  the eu fails to take action on foreign deaths all the time . 
  picking people out of libyan and international waters and giving them refuge in the eu has simply encouraged more to take that journey . 
  how undemocratic , how is this legal ? 
  people die all over the world outside of eu jurisdiction , where do you draw the line on actively rescuing these people and bringing them back to the eu . 
  should we send airlifts to every impoverished war torn country on the planet ? 
  we need a coast guard , we need to stop picking people up from foreign waters and bringing them to the eu . 
  we are picking people up off the coast of libya , escort them back to libya . 
  and euro truck is good, 
  we took in 15,000 refugees last year, 
  he wanted to bow to eu pressure , but could n't because it would be bad politically and make him look weak . 
  the dead little boy was a convenient excuse to back down and take more refugees while saving face . 
  in the uk they are n't allowed to work , i assumed it was the same elsewhere . 
  japan only took 11 refugees last year . 
  refugees are banned from working legally so your last point is wrong . 
  the uk opted out of the euro because of problems like greece . 
  the uk opted out schengen to keep our borders . 
  we ended up forking out money for greece , and now germany expects the uk to open it 's borders . 
  no thanks . 
  we 've had since 1973 to make up our minds . 
  the money would be better spent actually tackling the problem rather than on fines . 
  investment in cleaner taxis and busses . 
  an extra runway at heathrow to prevent planes circling london in holding patterns waiting to land . 
  encouraging cycling without causing further congestion to the road network . 
  tube bins are all see through plastic bags , you wo n't find a bin on whitehall , the mall or other big targets . 
  the big targets for terrorism are also tourist hotspots so that 's where the perception of few bins in london comes from, 
  collaboration would be more accurate . 
  its not the same as that . 
  almost all of the production of game of thrones takes place in the uk . 
  most of the cast and crew are british . 
  apart from the money , script and producers , and some location shoots in other parts of europe and north africa it 's all done in the uk . 
  peep show , it crowd , sherlock . 
  would you count game of thrones ? 
  it 's made in the uk , but commissioned by a us network, 
  why do n't they claim asylum in turkey ? 
  wow is our rep really that bad ? 
  drunk brit here , am i not welcome ? 
  the turks do n't seem to mind, 
  and venomous, 
  paris breaches air quality rules as often as london . 
  london is going to have a hard time to meet these targets no matter what it does as the biggest city in the eu by a huge margin , more than twice the size of the next biggest city by population , berlin . 
  also far more air traffic then anywhere else has to handle . 
  the new laws will just implement continuous fines for london , and that 's why i would guess the uk is against it . 
  on the other side of the fence many brits believe members of the government of ireland and usa colluded with to some degree , th ira during the troubles . 
  that 's not really a `` conspiracy theory '' any more though is it, 
  loads of pubs do , and waiting areas in offices , there 's even a mcdonalds that shows it near me, 
  what do you think `` the wall '' is based on in game of thrones ? 
  a big wall to keep the angry scary pale people from coming south . 
  is that roger federer in the background ? 
  if by work you mean sit on a plastic chair outside, 
  spanko !, 
  in england you just confront burglars by screaming at them while being naked and armed with a cricket bat . 
  thats how you 're supposed to do it, 
  how can you ban encryption anyway ? 
  the result would be criminals using illegal encryption and the innocent having insecure email and bank accounts , sounds like a great plan dave . 
  the ecb printed a load of euros a few months ago to devalue the euro make exports cheaper , and ease the debt burden . 
  no , they 're in the euro so they rely on the european central bank . 
  they 'd be able to pay for some public spending as opposed to none . 
  worthless if greece gets involved . 
  anyone see the lightening over the reichstag ? 
  angie is not happy ... 
  watching a big croud celebrating in athens on tv , what are they celebrating ? 
  `` we 'll have no money by tuesday , yay ! '', 
  soooo , have germany and france saved quite a bit of money for uk banks ? 
   `` they cut the top rate of tax last time ( tax break to those earning # 150k + '' labour cynically raised it to 50 % weeks before the election knowing the tories would have to cut it . 
  stop rescuing them then i suppose, 
  even if you pick them up off the coast of libya ? 
  you ca n't just rescue them and return them to libya ? 
  is this how modern day leprechauns make their money ? 
  you can have their pot but with negative gold .
