  but who cares , they should be able to print what they like , no one is forced to read it . 
  if you only want only one view point published in newspapers maybe you should defect to north korea . 
  i do n't think it 's shameful to talk about the negative impacts immigration , and i 'm glad we have a free press that are allowed to do it . 
  that 's one newspaper , there are left wing pro migrant newspapers as well . 
  who was inspired by lyndon johnson and hunter s thompson . 
  quote from an article written by thompson ;  the race was close and johnson was getting worried . 
  finally he told his campaign manager to start a massive rumour campaign about his opponent 's life-long habit of enjoying carnal knowledge of his barnyard sows . 
   `` christ , we ca n't get away with calling him a pig-fucker , '' the campaign manager protested . 
  `` nobody 's going to believe a thing like that . ''  `` i know , '' johnson replied . 
  `` but let 's make the sonofabitch deny it . '', 
  you missed the bit about it being a false rumour . 
  cameron was never a member of the piers gaveston society which is the one alleged to have this as one of their initiation rituals . 
  go back further than a 6 months and nearly every major economy has been outperforming the eurozone over the past years . 
  the eu is growing very slowly , slower than most of the world has very high unemployment , it restricts our trade with other countries , it 's a ball and chain , not a boon . 
  we wo n't loose it , maybe a small percentage , but that will be made up by trading more with non eu countries who we export the other 55 % to . 
  the remain camp are acting like there 's going to be trade sanctions or an embargo . 
  not really , sure we 'll export more to canada as well . 
  whatever it takes , but i definitely think we will secure a better deal than simply wto rules . 
  sounds like a better deal to be in a free trade deal than the common market to me . 
  i suppose it depends on your priorities . 
  saving # 10 on my phone bill once a year when i go on holiday is n't reason enough for me to want remain in the eu . 
  neither is flight compensation , i always buy travel insurance anyway . 
  i do n't intend on moving abroad , and would rather net migration to the uk was substantially lower . 
  why are canada allowed to sign a free trade deal with the eu with no need for free movement ? 
  let it die . 
  oh yes , just like all the job losses and economic collapse that happened after we did n't join the euro ... 
  a lot of companies have their official eu hq in dublin and their largest office in london , so i doubt anything would change . 
  you should give it a go , it 's brilliant , you do n't even need to stop drinking to visit the loo . 
  this is it really , heating is expensive , and air conditioning is ludicrously expensive . 
  so homes are better insulated . 
  triple glazing is becoming popular in new builds in the uk . 
  undoubtedly , the us is the most powerful and influential country on the planet by a large margin . 
  but the us is more hard power than soft power . 
  soft power is more about influence than military or economic power . 
  when you can boss the other nations of the eu around like germany does , it makes you quite influential . 
  the us holds less influence over other eu countries , and russia than germany does . 
  that , and the fact that germany is more peaceful than the us and has better diplomatic relations with the us 's `` enemies '' is probably why it scores marginally higher . 
  germany has massive influence in the eu , too much power in many peoples opinion . 
  they pretty much run the eu . 
  a romanian guy used to work for my company , i asked if there were lots of gypsies in romania , he replied `` no , none , they 're all here now '', 
  turkish tea is stronger so you use a lot of tea leaves per cup, 
  the offense charged against her is utter bullshit , but i do n't think anyone should have immunity from prosecution . 
  you want to reignite the troubles ? 
  because that 's how you reignite the troubles . 
  least compassionate from france and germany ?!, 
  but we 've been charitably propping up your agriculture and industry for decades !, 
  before any angry replies , calm down , just a bit of banter . 
  trade deals are usually mutually beneficial , they are n't necessarily to the detriment of one of the parties . 
  as far as scaring other countries out of considering leaving , that 's hardly an endorsement for the eu either , it will portray itself as a vicious cult if it attempts to punish leaving member states at a cost to itself . 
  were gon na smoke cannabis , and make robots pay for it . 
  so you are going back to the unelected thing we already talked about , i do n't care for a circular argument so good night . 
  as far as still being in the eu , turns out our eu pawn cameron did n't plan for an exit , so our civil service has taken a few months to put together a plan . 
  we will enact a50 in march , and we 're just playing by the rules set out in the lisbon treaty and you are crying about it . 
  you really are scraping at the bottom of the barrel there . 
  but still not during the campaign . 
  do you not see that farage told no lies , the only lie is the one you have been led to believe . 
  25 years of the powers that be gunning for the man and they do n't have a single bit of dirt on him ,, 
  not from fargage 's campaign . 
  farage led leave.eu that was from vote leave, 
  go on then , give me a lie told by farage during the campaign . 
  go on . 
  one lie from the horse 's mouth . 
  i bet you ca n't . 
  no , the eu is set up that way . 
  it was the fault of many elected governments to stop it . 
  either way the eu is undemocratic , whether or not elected officials allowed it to do so . 
  the uk 's major political parties were all pro eu , and it took a fringe party to scare one of them enough to act on it . 
  nigel farage managed to democratically get the uk to leave the eu after decades of campaigning . 
   if the uk did n't let you vote for the uk commissionner , that 's the uk 's fault i agree , ergo , i voted to leave the eu , along with 18m others . 
  you are wrong , they can not amend laws , simply reject or approve them . 
  as for being selected by elected representatives , thets just not how democracy works . 
  it would be akin to our queen proposing all laws and them just needing parliament to approve them . 
  we had a civil war almost 400 years ago about that sort of thing . 
  the commission is not democratic , being selected by nation states does not make them so . 
  as i said , they can not propose new laws or reject existing ones . 
  they simply have the power to vote on laws proposed by the unlettered commission . 
  in that case potugal had a turnout of 33.67 % and france 42.43 % . 
  it would be democratic if those meps could propose new laws or reject existing laws . 
  instead meps simply collect salaries and expenses that average at over 600,000 euros a year each . 
  sad that it 's so high ? 
  only 35.6 % voted in the eu parliament elections in the uk , so 72.2 % is amazing . 
  you have a netherlands flair . 
  only 37.32 % of the electorate in the netherlands voted at the last eu election . 
  i just wanted to allow the europhiles to be able downvote me twice . 
  another point i want to make is the whole tories v labour point you were going on about . 
  the conservative party was pro eu as was labour . 
  it was only the people voting for ukip that forced the tory party to offer a referendum . 
  while there are many things i can pick apart in that . 
  small turnout ? 
  biggest turnout in any vote in uk history . 
  72.2 % of registered voters . 
  your reasoning for that ? 
  i could talk about how the lisbon treaty was forced through after public votes rejecting it or it 's predecessor . 
  the fact that only a particular unelected sect of the eu proposes all of it 's laws . 
  as for the uk , theresa may is enacting brexit following a referendum , the referendum was triggered by a general election . 
  no , but i love holidaying in malta , and i love the maltese . 
  the whole country was awarded the george cross . 
  and they use proper british plugs . 
  i was n't trying to , read further down the thread . 
  i do n't know about coke , but if you fly air malta , they proudly remind you that you can buy their national soft drink , kinnie , online .
