  so forget cocacola and grab a cool refreshing orangepeel flavored kinnie . 
  and i say to my meps you go nigel farage , fuck you sam dance, 
  i still do find it a bit ironic you guys are n't up in arms about the expenses and salary of meps . 
  their salaries and expenses average at 630,000 euros each per year . 
  ( 751 meps , 473m euros spent in salary and expenses for meps ) [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34882500 ) for what ? 
  what do they do ? 
  do you know who your mep is ? 
  and you are worried about corruption in romania . 
  edit - absolutely loving the downvotes without a single counter argument . 
  you know it 's corrupt , but your ideology ca n't accept it . 
  just a joke mate . 
  of course i agree it 's disgusting your politicians want to effectively decriminalise corruption , and i wish you guys all the best in stopping it . 
  if you care about democracy maybe you should use the flag of an organisation that supports it . 
  ok , but you have to go easy on england at the world cup , none of that scary clapping shit this time . 
  you gon na share the cod ? 
  amazon delivers cold beer , wine and hard liquor to your door within 2 hours in the uk . 
  same price as in the supermarket as well and no delivery fee . 
  completely agree, 
  sound plan . 
  similar to the old `` want peace , prepare for war '', 
  we used to pick the vegetables before , we 'll do it again . 
  but we wo n't accept sharing a house with 7 other men and as you say being bundled into the back of a van to do it . 
  they 'll just have to pay better and give better working conditions to get people to do it . 
  the reason why many working class people voted to leave was because of things like this . 
  the price of vegetables will go up as a result , but i think they 're underpriced as it is . 
  we are a huge net contributor to the common agricultural policy , so we should be able to subsidise our own farms once we leave . 
  i 'd suggest you edit it again to say the eu rather than europe . 
  so do you , as a finn , regard turkey a bigger threat than russia ? 
  i have n't seen any evidence of turkey distancing itself from the west . 
  the only threat erdogan really poses is to turkish secularism . 
  or germany , they have n't met their spending commitments in decades . 
  oh my god , a greek saying turkey is a threat !, 
  have you never watched countryfile ? 
  they made some investment , but far shy of their pledged commitment . 
  the fact that they have been ~ $ 30bn below their commitment for well over a decade is a sticking point though . 
  compounded that is an awful lot of money , and simply unfair on other nato members . 
  if they do n't want a larger military , they could have been spending that money reinforcing a land based strategic defensive position against russian aggression in eastern europe , rather than relying on the us and uk ( and demanding that nato do so ) in poland , and other eastern european nato member countries . 
  it 's not legal requirement , no , but disgraceful that a very wealthy country with a long standing budget surplus is not meeting spending guidelines . 
  particularly when it is one of the loudest voices advocating taking a hard line with russia . 
  no , only about 12 % of the financial services sector is tied with the eu actually . 
  and the idea that all of that 12 % will leave the uk for other eu countries is absurd . 
  why should nato back up germany when it has consistently failed to meet it 's obligations ? 
  they should have been thrown out ages ago . 
  seeing as the eu refuses to recognise any of our marine reserves and it 's only uk vessels that do n't fish them , i sincerely hope so . 
  and ireland 's recent boom over the last 15 years has been the result of exploiting london through the eu . 
  ireland 's competitive tax policy and most of her agriculture is dependant on the uk , if there is any country that will suffer from a hard brexit , it will be ireland . 
  london is the heart of the uk , it 's historical industry has been spread throughout the world for many hundreds of years . 
  the money is centralised in london , but the industry and trade it depends on has always been elsewhere . 
  the only city close to comparison to london is new york . 
  as far as north sea oil goes , the entire country funded deep sea oil exploration . 
  shell and bp became huge global oil companies thanks to investment by the state . 
  it 's why the government holds or held an enormous stake in these companies . 
  north sea oil fields are often wrongly seen as all within scottish waters . 
  many oil fields are in english and ni waters . 
  if you forget this investment and want scotland to steal the rewards of national investment , what is to stop the shetland islands deciding they hold the 200 mile exclusive economic area in their seas , declare independence , and cut out scotland and the rest of the uk out entirely ? 
  no , the barnett formula gives wholly disproportionate spending to scotland . 
  i hope scotland do go their own way , would be like cutting off an infected limb . 
  can confirm , i 'd happily pay for the rope for them to do it . 
  i do n't understand their position , the moan about scotland not having a loud enough voice in uk politics when in reality they probably have too much say relative to their population . 
  they have their own parliament , england does n't . 
  government spending in scotland is much , much higher than england , more than # 1500 per head more per person . 
  when you take into account how much tax collected v public spending into account it verges on ridiculous . 
  haha , they really wo n't . 
  3 years, 
  they ca n't block it because they do n't have the numbers . 
  voting against it would just mean they lose seats in the north of england . 
  they wo n't lose seats by not trying to block it . 
  they will lose scores if they try and stop it that 's why . 
  i bet they do n't collect that data because it would be `` unhelpful '' . 
  much like the criminal justice system in the uk does n't . 
  they could guarantee their currency against another currency or other stable commodity in the short term until it is stable . 
  they 're cowards , they stink , and yet they 're somehow still arrogant despite this . 
  just kidding , silly national rivalry really , a history of being at war with them and centuries of propeganda ... and they smell . 
  france, 
  the bbc should be more sensitive when dealing with the feelings of terrorist organisations !, 
  children 's shows the teletubbies should be more representative of the makeup of modern britain . 
  i suggest tinky winky be a member of isis . 
  [ it 's basically the iron curtain , minus east germany . 
  ] ( http://www.virtualmilitia.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/map-iron-curtain.jpg ), 
  [ here is where most brits would draw the line between east and west . 
  case in point . 
  it 's germany , so i doubt it 's a joke . 
  do they even have jokes ? 
  i was going to ask how they would treat satire , then i remembered it was germany where they do n't have a sense of humour anyway . 
  merkel and her agenda pushers, 
  i do n't care how you pronounce it , but if you do n't get the tea to me within a minute or two of producing the scone , to the tower with you . 
  serve me a good cup of tea , then offer me a scone , and i will fight with you to death . 
   20 more attacks for them to sften their stance on cctv . 
  we all hope that it never comes to that . 
  with the stasi and gestapo in the past , germans would be nervous about it . 
  without a history of that sort of secret police , and with the ira 's reign of terror in the uk , germany and the uk will be miles apart with the issue of the use of surveillance . 
  but i think , if there are more terror attacks in germany , and the police continue to find it difficult to find these people , naturally , i think there will be a push for more surveillance , and that it will be less apposed . 
  seeing as the attacker is still at large , maybe more approval for cctv , or surveillance in general in germany ? 
  i grew up in london , do n't have a problem at all with cctv . 
  but i counted once on my commute to work , and i pass by about 70 visible cctv cameras ( some privately owned , some public ) in a 20 minute commute . 
  i do n't know if it happens , i assume it does , but i am sort of ok with it , my online presence being stalked continuously by an algorithm at gchq . 
  i ca n't imagine at all the germans being ok with that level of surveillance at the moment . 
  from what i gather , germany has very low cctv coverage , and germans were even apposed to things like google street view . 
  not in europe, 
  we have n't even begun negotiations yet , manfred is full of shit .
