meh , just read the article , they are n't going to be doing anything adass there . 
  ha , that will shut up the irish bird in our office who 's always going on about how the irish are pacifists . 
  our governements are n't doing this to us . 
  it was funny from 2001-2006 or so because of how upset it made americans , but c'mon , the french governement did n't shoot up a concert for more power , put the pipe down . 
  he 's smarter than a lot of western european leaders . 
  i 'm about a 1 , but working on being a zero . 
  what is this going to accomplish , actually ? 
  life in prison is too good for them . 
  did he really ? 
  can you quote it ? 
  france 's military is strong enough , i 'd like to see europe accomplish something without the usa . 
  i think this is why conspiracy theorists are so desperate to look for explanations involovng the cia or lizards or shadowy rooms full of powerful white people . 
  we just do n't want to believe that we just might be in over our heads , and we 're fighting an enemy that is quite smart and organized and capable . 
  take that , isis !, 
  i put that [ brick in yo face !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtw6hw8jo_u ), 
  i am no alone in saying that i hate everything about bush and i have an automatic reaction to oppose anything connected with him even it it 's the right thing to do . 
  i meant - traumatizing to people sitting at home watching events unfold on their tv 's and computers screens . 
  in no way am i minimizing what happened to the victims - you are right to ba angry and i will edit my comment . 
  i fear what would happen if this attack had happened in london . 
  and 9/11 was much more traumatizing . 
  by that i mean traumatizing to people sitting at home watching events unfold on their tv 's and computers screens . 
  in no way am i minimizing what happened to the victims - i give full respect to the french victims - but the newsreels of the planes crashing into those towers and the panic in the streets was some seriously traumatizing news images . 
  what happened in paris was horrible but at least the terrorists do n't have any footage as ptsd-producing as 9/11 . 
  will you be going ? 
  answer his question or do n't post at all . 
  i do n't like this comment because it elevates bush to the stature of hollande . 
  do n't do that . 
  are you saying the cbc was wrong ? 
  i do n't know if that gives me more respect for bush 's words , which is an emotion i have never had in my life before . 
  damn you , stop lending credence to anything bush ever said . 
   \u0435veryone in europe is shouting war . 
  shouting war against whom , exactly ? 
  [ u.s. president barack obama described the incident as `` outrageous attacks '' on ** `` our closest ally . 
  '' ** ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/paris-shooting-attacks-explosion-1.3318444 ), 
  `` if [ mullah krekar ] is annihilated , norway is going to become lebanon . 
  you will see how the bombs go off -- boom , boom , boom at the police , '' reads an excerpt from one of the phone taps , which also included conversations about potential kidnap targets among the norwegian community abroad . 
  he just got annihilated , no ? 
  let 's hope they annihalate all of his buddies . 
  i do n't care about their rights anymore . 
  by hating everything un-british . 
  have you asked any expat in the uk how they 're treated ? 
  you can never become truly english , we like to say . 
  so , what effect does this have on human beings who long for a feeling of fitting in ? 
  word . 
  they went against the iraq war , should n't that have granted them an exception from being terrorized ? 
  '' `` my family is waiting for me there , and it is n't safe for them to wait there for so long without me . '' hassanein said he was scared to return , holding up a disfigured hand that he claims was the result of an attack by islamic state . 
  `` but i 'm just going back to gather my family , and bring them to sweden and all wait here together . '' it 's a sobering thought that all these guys expect to bring their families with them once they gain citizenship . 
  guess i am delusional then because i have traveled through europe a lot this year and see so cause for panic , mr. 
  roof . 
  i wish this had n't been buried because it would be interesting to discuss . 
  i lol 'd when they guy insinuated that the reason our leaders a want migrants is for `` white genocide '' . 
  lol , what are they , lizard people ? 
  are they going to take off their white people masks and reveal their true , lizard faces ? 
  actually , i dig the background music in this one . 
  reminds me of zeitgeist . 
  are they going for the 14-25 uneducated youth vote ? 
  that sounds like the appropriate demographic to recruit if you 're looking to incite violence , i guess . 
  interesting how they blame it on the political establishment , too . 
  i wonder who 's behind this and what party they are rooting for . 
  ** drinks op 's tears **, 
  hard to tell these days . 
  it gives the chavs something to do . 
  nothing but xenophopia and racism . 
  he 's just afraid that we 'd take over . 
  yes . 
  if he is elected i suggest the entire world cut off diplomatic relations with the usa . 
  promise me he 'll never come here . 
  nobody is saying that , calm down . 
  as if anyone ever believed we all are n't spying on each other , and have been , since the dawn of civilization . 
  god , i thought that said donald * trump * for a minute . 
  keep him out of here , keep him out, 
  `` and nobody who i 've housed hadanyproblem staying with a gay couple and four cats.of course they had some questions and were wondering how this type of freedom is possible in germany or western europe . 
  they were surprised about that . '', 
  that 's the best thing i 've read all day . 
  nice to see a little bit of objectivity regarding the migrant crisis in here . 
  one day , that unseen poverty is going to come into our gated communities and demand that we see them . 
  i 'm not here to debate whether or not communism works . 
  but i do think we 're reaching a tipping point where poor people are going to try something , anything , whether it works or not . 
  it would be better if the top leaders now would at least try to make the working poor a little more middle class . 
  lol i like your definition of `` fast food '', 
  weird , i think of lithuania as being full of 45 kg ballerinas . 
  where do you live that you do n't have fast food ? 
  even belarus has a maccers now , made me cry when i saw it . 
  not everything is the usa 's fault only the things we do n't like . 
  ca n't ever forget russia 's sacrifices in wwii, 
  not bad . 
  a communist victory close to home could scare our leaders into possibly remembering that letting the 1 % get away with everything , all of the time , can backfire badly . 
  it could be good for us . 
  hahahaha !, 
  they should have one of him screwing a pig , and another of thatcher molesting a child . 
  that would reflect us well . 
  `` unpopular truth '' hoo boy , someone left he door open on theredpill again, 
  no , it is n't . 
  who cares about what u.s. intelligence says ? 
  i do n't trust u.s. intelligence for anything . 
  england does n't need the eu either . 
  putin can have you . 
  this is not what im saying at all , you silly ignoramus . 
  why does this matter to you ?
