  freedom of speech means you never have to check whether you 're right, 
  discussing the implications of flawed statistics from a tainted source seems rather pointless . 
  this is a press release by migration watch dressed up as a new report . 
  i 'm fairly sure they 're not comparing apples with apples , as they will be using an out of date lower estimate of how many romanians are in the country , with a most recent statistic , a statistic in itself that is n't a useful one , as arrests do n't mean anything , charges and prosecutions are all that matters . 
  if it were someone with a less obvious agenda i might go and rummage around in the data myself , but i 've looked into their figures before , and they 've had a tendency to be very suspect upon proper inspection . 
  ok , and i will continue to pillory and downvote appalling sources whenever i have the misfortune to find myself obliged to do so . 
  the daily mail is the british equivalent of fox news in terms of impartiality and accuracy of reporting . 
  if you wish to be a torch bearer for sensationalist , reactionary bollocks , that is your outlook , but you must expect to be given a little telling off for doing so , now and then . 
  i wo n't look up an alternative source , because this is n't a story . 
  it 's a small matter for a regional court , and is entirely unremarkable as 18 year olds have sex with their under-age girlfriends quite often . 
  please do n't post links from the daily mail , on matters about muslims or europe . 
  it is not a reliable source of anything other than reactionary distortions of reality , designed to upset and engage a certain type of conservative mindset, 
  somebody with an agenda says something inflammatory . 
  are we all expected to pretend somebody else reporting this counts as news ? 
  it takes some balls fixing a sport where nearly every match is televised and nearly every supporter is already a raving conspiracy theorist, 
  are you sure it is appropriate for the government to pass laws over what clothes people can wear ? 
  does the scottish executive , whilst scotland is part of the united kingdom , have the legal standing to negotiate/apply on behalf of a nation state that 's yet to exist ? 
  the whole set up was n't designed with bits of the eu nations breaking off and rejoining the eu , so there are n't provisions within the treaties to facilitate such a process . 
  it might just be quicker to apply instantly upon independence as to attempt to get a special dispensation , which may be hard to obtain from other eu nations with their own secessionist regions . 
  until someone points to the treaty provision that allows a newly independent scotland to avoid the standard accession procedure , i 'd take such pronouncements with more than a pinch of salt . 
  there is no procedure to fast track membership , creating one would require complete agreement from the rest of the eu , which may be possible to negotiate , but is unlikely to be given as a firm commitment prior to any independence referendum . 
  ( there is a chance that creating a fast track would require a change to the maastricht treaty , which would require eu wide referendums ) i 've not read all of the lisbon treaty , but i do n't believe it modifies accession conditions from maastricht , and the maastricht treaty set out in fairly tedious detail the process required for a new member state to get membership . 
  scotland clearly has implemented the [ acquis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/community_acquis ) into their law , through the uk parliament so the review should n't take too long , but still there are a load of hoops that have to jumped through . 
  i do n't think you have the faintest idea what left and right mean in the context of european politics . 
  ron paul and all his libertarian friends are right wingers , certainly by all european standards . 
  libertarians are free market liberals economically , and do n't believe the state has a role supporting the greater society , or that the state should provide protection for the vulnerable ( be this financial or legal ) , this puts them pretty far on the right . 
  whilst culturally similar to britain , their geopolitical concerns and that of europe are not exactly the same . 
  they are much more in the sphere of influence ( to use an old fashioned concept ) of china and the far east , whilst europe remains powerful enough to be a counterweight to russia 's resource driven strength , and is involved in eurasia and the middle east . 
  open trade links make sense but if one wants to expand the european union , taking in turkey would make a lot more sense than hunting around the other side of the world for new members . 
  it 's at least in the area , and like the rest of the eu landmass had been involved in the centuries of continental wars the project is meant to prevent . 
  `` butthurt '' really ? 
  are you now going to use that mildly homophobic turn of phrase to attempt to excuse yourself and your ignorance ? 
  nobody is going to be impressed , you should probably just delete the original post and put it down to experience . 
  surely , it 's a combination of both what you energy you put in and what energy you burn off , you uneducated moron . 
  your post is such a horrible waste of the internet, 
  good british ale is as good if not a better beer than the best czech lagers , but as it 's comparing apples with oranges , it 's just best not pretend one is superior to the other , it just shows beer ignorance . 
  my old grandmother told my father off for having an affair minutes after hearing the good news about my lovely new girlfriend . 
  apparently we 'd merged in her mind , even though we were still in the room with her . 
  dementia is a cruel disease . 
  the person you know and love is there for moments , then in an instant snatched away from you , and is suddenly again confused and lost . 
  its heartbreaking . 
  i can only assume an article behind a paywall got so many upvotes because so many people here pay for a times subscription , rather than just upvoted the headline without reading the piece . 
  or ` venison ' for short , though actually looking at it , it 's only a letter shorter than ` deer meat ' , but still that 's the cow/beer version for deer . 
  i 'm aware of that , which is what makes this a legal mess . 
  cameron attempted to get approval to use air strikes in syria , and could n't get it from parliament . 
  i am far from comfortable for a pm upon failing to get parliamentary backing for air strikes to them use a dubious interpretation of un law to give them-self a backdoor right to use them . 
  if we are n't at war with them , and i do n't recall anyone making a statement in parliament stating we were at war , then the phrase ` enemy combatant ' is a dodgy one . 
  it seems like a huge stretch of the licence granted by the un to claim either of the two men were a clear and present danger to the uk , which would justify our claims of self-defence . 
  it 's a mess legally , and it 's dubious ethically . 
  it strikes me as something that has been done so something can be seen to have been done . 
  i 'm not entirely comfortable with this . 
  extra-judicial execution of british citizens by unmanned drone strike on prime ministerial order , no matter what sort of a cunt they may be , makes me nervous . 
  i do n't like the implications , and i really do n't want the british government to take the us approach and give itself free rein to rain fire from the skies without judicial oversight . 
  i just did it to buy booze , looking back now i question my priorities . 
  that 's the trouble with playing too many paradox games , it becomes slightly too easy to understand the most dastardly bastards from a geopolitical point of view . 
  they just want to paint that map a nice uniform colour and sort out that border gore . 
  nice bit of no true scotsman at the beginning , followed by a `` generally '' , before going into a onanistic revelry of drivel . 
  what a self-regarding deluded bag of guff . 
  only if it is declared legal within spain , otherwise it remains an internal matter for spain . 
  outside states are not going to suddenly get all heavy on the state of spain an behalf of the non-state of catalonia . 
  many other countries have secessionist regions , none of those countries are going to help break up spain for the fear of striking a precedent that comes back to bite them . 
  in the words you quote at me the word ` guideline ' appears on the second paragraph . 
  it 's not a requirement , it 's a guideline . 
  here 's the text of the [ nato treaty ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/official_texts_17120.htm ) if you wish to check for yourself . 
  the strongest wording of the 2 % comes from the [ 2014 wales summit ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_112964.htm ) declaration with  allies currently meeting the nato guideline to spend a minimum of 2 % of their gross domestic product ( gdp ) on defence will aim to continue to do so . 
  this is n't to say that europe should n't be funding our own defence , but somehow the us have managed to spread the idea that a figure they plucked from the sky is anything more than their aspiration . 
  their newpaper columnists write in the comment section hence my increasing confusion, 
  fair enough , i obviously did n't search for the right thing on their site . 
  much as i would love to agree with you , in my experience there is an underlying tendency for the bbc to shape their reporting according to the language used and priorities conveyed by the sitting british government . 
  whilst it tries to remain fairly impartial , it very rarely strays far from the establishment line , and takes its news lead mostly from the fleet street press . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i have an account with the guardian and there is no blog section . 
  i ca n't set up a website and start writing stuff under their banner . 
  i just tried . 
  they broke the snowden story . 
  it 's not the same at all , the guardian pay people , not very much , but they pay people for their comment pieces they ca n't just submit them and get them on the website unsolicited . 
  where i use the maastricht treaty created to define the process by which nation states gain accession to the eu , you are relying on the absence of a statement from officials and the lack of laws to back you up , yet you accuse me of speculation . 
  i looked into this in some detail in relation to scotland leaving the uk . 
  as you are a new state you are not part of the eu , you have to go through accession like any new member . 
  there is nothing in any of the eu treaties to either fast track or take it as understood that a nation that has seceded from an eu member state retains eu membership . 
  it 's obviously going to be the case as nobody negotiating an already difficult treaty is going to want to add a clause that deals with a set of circumstances none of them much want to happen . 
  it 's a bit tricky to import coke from anywhere else, 
  hidden behind a pay wall :(, 
  i reckon he 'd be quite flattered to be seen as powerful enough to be worth banning, 
  i regard the german system as the best for fairly large populous countries . 
  i have quietly been trying to persuade people it is the correct system for the last 20 or so years , but people brought up on the brutal simplicity of fptp care little for your fancy continental voting systems . 
  historically russia has mostly been ruled by autocratic centralised rulers , perhaps such power structures have become embedded with the political culture of the people . 
  i live in a country where most people do n't have a problem with the head of state being selected via the hereditary principle , so i can see how what might seem daft to outsiders ends up mostly unquestioned domestically . 
  implement the [ acquis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/community_acquis ) behave like european democrats and we have no reason not to encourage your accession . 
  there might be a small issue , though , with the russians , who seem rather against their old colonial subjects joining the eu . 
  i know the idea does n't chime with ryanair business practices but human decency should come into play at some point, 
  from my steam stats ckii : 722 hours kerbal space program : 1058 hours i have played many mmos over the years but i have no intention of looking up how many hours i squandered grinding on those . 
  i believe we call them external roller-blinds, 
  can you provide some evidence to substantiate that claim ? 
  i do n't follow the un avidly but i think i 'd have remembered if the un had main such an aim public . 
  britain has the current ban on hand guns largely because of the hungerford and dunblane massacres , both which were perpetrated with legally held guns . 
  in dunblane pistols were used to murder children in their school , it 's hardly unreasonable to view them as such . 
  the problem seems to me that creating more smaller nations inside the eu is going to end up putting more and more strength in the hands of the already larger countries that do n't have secessionist movements within , as qmv votes are allocated according to population size . 
  if there was an obvious path to full federalisation then it would n't really matter if a region was a smaller independent nation state or a subdivision of a larger nation state , but there is enough resistance to further integration throughout the capitals and electorates of the eu that it does n't look on the cards at the moment . 
  it sounds very much like seb coe is doing all he can to raise interest in what promises to be fairly tedious book .
