  no , it 's not what 's really happening in the uk . 
  that 's what happens when you deliberately go to the place that most recently had race riots and ask dickhead questions with the intention of provoking a reaction . 
  i 'm not trying to be a dick , but quota is n't pluralised like the latin in english usage , it 's `` quotas '' . 
  i only mention it because your english is close enough to perfect that you may care about minor matters . 
  no chance , it 's bad enough when firearm aficionados comes to visit european subreddits and attempt to convince us that our non-gun loving ways endanger our rights and safety in some way visiting / r/guns is about an attractive a proposition as snorkelling in a septic tank ; full of shit , guaranteed to be unpleasant , and likely to take a week to feel properly clean again afterwards . 
  there is a fairly simple reason why the south east tends to grind to a total halt the moment it snows , and that 's because the transport system in the south east runs at very near full capacity at the best of times ; it does n't take much extra stress on the system for the whole thing to seize up . 
  what is with this ` religious lunatics ' business ? 
  just because people have staunch opinions , even if you find them disagreeable , does n't mean you should attempt to denigrate them as being irrational by comparing them to religion . 
  nice way to refute the charge that you make lazy generalisations based on nationality, 
  you 've got some nice sweeping generalisations there ; but you should probably try adding a few more insults if you really want to make sure you are n't making a point . 
  it must be hard for you to understand through your anger issues , but there 's not one monolithic opinion on european matters amongst brits , some are pro , some against and many just do n't care . 
  if you think a poster is wrong , argue your point , submitting self posts bitching about a whole country because you do n't like some individuals is pathetic . 
  how exceedingly silly . 
  just think how much ministerial and civil service time has been wasted on modifying for the worse something that was already fairly futile to start with . 
  it 's lucky they have n't got anything more pressing they could be focusing on . 
  it may not work , but believing that it 's designed to stop ` rogue ' states like iran rather than alter the strategic balance with the russians is naive at best, 
  there is still the possibility of prosecution , just because there has been a fine for the company , does n't mean that the individuals involved are n't still at risk of being charged . 
  the big problem is that the body that investigates and prosecutes fraudsters ( the serious fraud office ) has an absolutely appalling record when it comes to securing convictions . 
  the trials tend to go on for years , the jury tends not to be able to understand the complexity of the financial details and ends up finding the accused innocent . 
  just so we 're clear the government does manipulate the inflation figures , you may or may not have noticed that rather than using the retail price index that we 've been using to measure inflation for ages , we 've switched to the consumer prices index since the tories took over . 
  it can be in the government 's interest to underplay inflation , as it is related to both borrowing rates and pay demands within the economy, 
  do you not think that if you do n't give a fuck that others have problems with your behaviour , that it 's a bit much to expect them to care about your ill-informed opinions . 
  the problem there really is n't the british government , who have no practical use for the territory , and would have probably abided by the ruling of the high court for the right of return , if not for us diplomatic pressure to * fix * it . 
  much as the japanese did n't want to keep a us base on their islands , and did n't get much say in the matter ; how do you persuade the us military to abandon a strategic base once it 's settled there ? 
  sadly , it 's just not within the british purview to be able to do anything about diego garcia , shameful as the whole sorry business is . 
  i beg your pardon ? 
  you seem [ plenty ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/uw4yp/uk_pm_cameron_leaves_8yearold_daughter_in_pub/c4zf6mh ) [ ` butthurt ' ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/uw4yp/uk_pm_cameron_leaves_8yearold_daughter_in_pub/c4zf6qe ) about it . 
  your submission was n't very interesting , was n't really news , and was n't from a particularly high quality source , were you expecting some huge karma harvest , because i can promise that bitching about downvotes is a guaranteed way to get many many more, 
  annoyingly there 's a 30 second ad first but : http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2012/jun/08/racist-chants-holland-uefa 13 seconds or so in , it cuts off after about the 3rd or 4th `` ooo ! '', 
  i just watched a video and unless the crowd were so thrilled at seeing famous dutch players train they all shouted `` ooo !, 
  ooo !, 
  ooo ! '', 
  in their excitement , they were making monkey noises . 
  to attempt to be fair about the issue , western european ex-colonial powers have had a lot more practice dealing with racism in football than eastern european nations , and still have a far from perfect track records either , so i can see why it 's a bit annoying for a pole or ukrainian to have it focused on so heavily . 
  as nobody has mentioned it , we do n't generally have jaywalking laws , so generally pedestrians crossing the road retain the theoretical right of way . 
  it 's perhaps something to be aware of , when driving in busy cities . 
  the telegraph is the paper of the right of the conservative party , whether you find that horrific is obviously a matter of taste , but they have always been the most conservative paper in the country . 
  the mail does reactionary sensationalism , it might be right wing , but it is n't conservative in any real meaning of the word . 
  the original idea for the commonwealth was it was just for ex-british empire nations , but opening it up to other ex-colonies as well was a good way to slightly annoy the french , and slightly annoying the french is a general consistent thread through british foreign policy . 
  please , explain to me how a brand new nation state that has never existed in the european union gets past the same accession process that has been detailed into european law since the maastricht treaty , without making the mistake of invoking common sense when dealing with international law . 
  i read the maastricht treaty in full , it was long , and long ago , and it was life-changingly boring , but the criteria for accession were set in stone , and there was no quick way through it . 
  even with scotland 's guaranteed passing of the acquis due to the incorporation of scottish/uk/eu law , it still has to undergo the full accession process . 
  anyone who tells you otherwise without showing you a letter from the european commission highlighting the passage of text showing how that scotland does n't have to re-apply , is thinking very wishfully , at best . 
  the eu countires with historical separatist movements do n't have to veto anything these days , scotland has no instant right to eu membership , because nobody ever wrote any such facility into any eu treaty , because the countries with seperatist movements had civil servants , who were vigilant against letting such things into eu law . 
  i 'm english but i do n't want scotland to leave the union because it seems a backward step on the path to a united federation of planets but i 'm not emotionally vested either way , but i do n't think the scottish public is being given the full picture of quite how difficult the technocratic side of creating a brand new political and legal national indentity will be, 
  i think you under-estimate quite how much `` well go fuck yourselves '' feeling it will cause , and how tempting that will make it for english politicians to dictate extortionate terms from the scots . 
  from my reading of the eu legislation , and from my questioning the snp and the european commission , there is currently no legal fast track for a newly independent scotland to get membership to the eu \\* even with all member states agreeing , and due to uk government policy any further changes to eu membership , have to have a referendum . 
  so , scotland to get eu membership , has to hope the english do n't act like dicks after the scots have just told them to fuck off ; it does n't seem a promising start to a divorced couple living next to each other . 
  once it turns into a proper political football , it has the potential to get fucking nasty ; i really hope that it 's a 60 % vote to stay as it is , so the snp can go on being a sensible governing party north of the border , and tory politicians are n't able to drop the civilising sheen of britishness and become full on english nationalists . 
  \\* the reason scotland will find it very hard to find a way into the eu , is because member states like spain with strong regional separatist movements , have strong vested interest to ensure breakaway regions do n't find statehood and eu membership a realistic aspiration . 
  that 's because pretty much every article from that website is terrible . 
  i think they 've been banned from submitting to loads of different subreddits because of their tendency to spam , and that the content of their articles has a habit of looking very similar to articles by other websites . 
  to the great shame of the british nation , most sausages served with the traditional english breakfast by cafes are fucking horrible gristle and rusk based monstrosities and it would shame me to recommend any of them . 
  there are good sausages made in the uk , but they are n't much served by our hotels because they are made of real food , and are really only available from local butchers . 
  that said should one be able to get a decent cumberland sausage , it should be low fried at about 90c ( cooking a good sausage is like caramelising onions , it takes ages but is well worth it ) so the meat simmers inside the skin without the skin getting so hot it bursts for about ( at least ) an hour . 
  the `` toast '' is generally fried fresh bread , i do n't indulge it 's as it 's a bit too close to pure heart attack for me . 
  i eat traditional ( british ) food for breakfast ( big fat fry up with baked beans ) , but my current favourite dish is [ kedgeree ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kedgeree ) . 
  we do n't really have strong regional cuisine , as such , and traditional british food ( which is n't anywhere near as bad as its reputation ) is n't really suited to feeding a single person who lives on their own , so i tend not to make much . 
  i ca n't say what my favourite dish is , normally it 's whatever creation i 've been working on getting right at the time , not a traditional defined dish . 
  i 've got to admit that i am quite impressed by the bloody minded stupidity going on there, 
  not really , a bit like a friend and flatmate that 's getting themselves in a state over things ; the rest of the uk mostly thinks it 's better if they do n't move out , we 've grown used to them being around , and are relatively happy with how things are . 
  that said , if it 's going to be a big issue , then fine , that 's their choice , they can go , but if they 're going to strop off , they better make sure they pay off their fair share of these long disputed bills . 
  / hugelygeneralisingoversimplification, 
  as far as i can tell there is absolutely no provision within current eu treaties for this waltzing in to the eu , that you imagine possible . 
  it could well be that the expansion would have to go to a eu wide referenda to be ratified . 
  certainly , legal opinion is divided on the matter . 
  the possible problem is that other eu members have strong regional movements that favour independence , so it may be in their political interests to show that instant eu membership is n't guaranteed for separatists regions . 
  i would n't be so certain that making allowances for a newly independent scotland would be a key priority for all eu members , if their regional political waters happened to be choppy at the time , which something like independence for scotland might well stir up . 
  nato also has an autonomous military headquarters ( in brussels , ironically ) . 
  autonomous does n't mean it acts independently of the member nations interests and instructions , it means that a single nation state does n't , in theory , control the organisation ( or in the case of a eu military body , that the french and the british do n't dominate ) , and it functions as a unified strategic military body , otherwise national forces would n't be able to nominally be under nato control . 
  in what way would a european military body be more or less objectionable to that of nato ? 
  i 'd expect tea and biscuits rather than a meal . 
  if you have the misfortune look at the telegraph comments sections the anti-european hardcore often use the term ` eussr ' . 
  it 's a useful shorthand for ` stop reading this comment , it was written by an idiot ', 
  it 's horrible milk that 's been heated far more than by pasteurisation . 
  it 's simply the worst thing you can put in a cup of tea . 
  most poeple do n't honestly give our eu membership a moments thought . 
  3 % of the population think it 's an issue , the rest are far more worried about jobs , housing , health and things like that . 
  it 's really only ( us ) political obsessives have it in them to hold passionate opinions about the eu , the rest of the population tends not to care much either way . 
  i agree . 
  we should only have referendums when the constitutional status quo is going to fundamentally be changed . 
  what puzzles me is why on earth you are trying to get a referendum on our continued membership of the eu , and are n't trying to get one about keeping the monarchy or whether or not to keep the scots as part of the uk ? 
  a small majority may favour a referendum ( though pollsters have pointed out if you ask people if they want a referendum on loads of issues they tend to say `` yes '' over `` no '' ) , but when questioned about what matters to the british people , eu membership is n't actually an important issue to more than 3 % of those polled . 
  i 'm curious , do you favour direct democracy generally , or is it just on issues where you are passionate that you think representative democracy should be abandoned ? 
  toby young is n't an expert on anything much , he has no international profile , and he has no insight to provide , so why on earth are you submitting it to / r/europe . 
  so , because there 's no evidence backing your assertion of there being loads of pro-eu articles on this subreddit you suggest that i should go and submit some . 
  seems slightly perverse , does it not ? 
  oh dear , you should probably have a look at the top 100 or so submissions on this subreddit . 
  they do n't actually in any way match this claim of `` continual drip of pro-eu diatribes from the likes of the guardian '' , apart from the telegraph blog pieces , they 're mostly about the fairly important financial issues that everyone outside the tory right in the uk are focusing on . 
  i 've not noticed any great anti-uk feeling apart from the mild consternation caused by a small number of people continually posting anti-eu rants from the telegraph . 
  the trope that all british food is terrible is one that is rather out of date , our culture has been delicately infused with a coul\u00e9e of celeb chefs , subtly seasoned with a fricassee of food franchises for so long that pretty much every member of the middle classes has at least one ` signature dish ' . 
  it 's all very fusion food-y , and probably horribly gauche , but it 's mostly tasty . 
  it does occur to me that our terrible reputation may be because the restaurants that tourists visiting britain get shepherded in to are fucking disgraceful . 
  nobody who lives here ever visits an angus steakhouse , or the like , they 're really meant to be just fleecing the americans . 
  gimmick parties as you term them are actually very useful in democracies , mainly because a single issue party getting an unexpectedly large swathe of the vote encourages the traditional parties to look more closely at that single issue , as it 's clear there 's public concern . 
  i would , though , be careful about terming things as gimmick parties , as that 's how the european green parties were regarded for years , and they 've held the balance of power a number of times europe wide over the years . 
  a popular ` gimmick party ' can be quite a powerful weapon wielded well . 
  typical anti- eu nonsense from the tory back bench . 
  the voters feel , at worst , a mild apathetic dislike towards the eu , but there are far more pressing concerns than the eu in the minds of the huge majority of the british public , the only people really excited about europe are tory right wingers . 
  even if cameron did n't want to ignore them , any attempt to have a referendum on the future of the eu will destroy the coalition , as the lib dems would n't stand for it , especially since cameron reneged on his commitment not to get personally involved in the av campaign .
