[ not everyone sees ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/string_of_pearls_%28china%29 ) china as being quite so passive as you suggest, 
  what do you think this ` decent stand ' should have consisted of ? 
  [ zelda ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/28243.zelda_fitzgerald ) is was a name years before computer games had been invented . 
  russia holds quite a lot of land in siberia that used to be chinese holdings . 
  they may rue the day they decided that forceful occupation of old territories was the way forwards . 
  if china decides to invade territory using little green men , they have an awful lot of them . 
  giving people jobs because their parent did that job is inherently a bit stupid . 
  it 's probably not worth the effort of getting rid of constitutional monarchs , but if anyone was starting a state from scratch these days , they 'd not use the hereditary principle to select their head of state . 
  that is amazingly mournful , obviously i do n't understand the words , but it 's impossible not to be moved, 
  make it like the eurovision song contest , if you win you have to host it, 
  sticking a few jokes into otherwise dry articles is good writing rather than a bad thing . 
  there are few topics that are n't improved by a few gags . 
  you are being needlessly po-faced . 
  that 's not how it works in english . 
  for example princess beatrice of york is still a princess even though she is sixth in line to the throne , and her father is only a prince ( who is 5th in line to the throne ) . 
  on the plus side most of us do n't understand the american meme pictures well enough to use them in discussions , which is only for the good, 
  blog spam, 
  they amongst the many other groups of people that came here probably make up some part of my heritage . 
  i speak a language that is made up of roman , celtic , norse , french and more recently hindi words . 
  i have a pretty goods idea how that happened, 
  now i come to think about it , there 's also going to be some selection bias going on , as i 'm unlikely to be friends with those who are n't well integrated, 
  that 's not been my general experience in london , but i accept it was a bit of a sweeping generalisation . 
  most of my 3rd generation immigrant friends are non-religious and have partners of different ethnic backgrounds to their own . 
  it takes a few generations for people to assimilate , the first generation turns up with a lot of the culture is was brought up with , the second generation is torn between their families ' culture and the one they were born into , and by the third generation they 're moaning about immigrants not integrating, 
  i 'm not going to defend them telling you to fuck off , but i do n't think you 've been particularly civil , you set out to shit stir when you changed the title of the news report to include the word ` pandering ' . 
  nice one , pull the stalin card , that 's just the sort of thing hitler would have done, 
  whilst the national gdp is creeping up , once you take into account the increase in population the [ gdp/capita figures ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp-per-capita ) do n't look so good . 
  when you actually look at the figures , [ about 20 % of us households do not have a wage earner ] ( http://www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/famee.pdf ) which shows their headline figure of 6.7 % unemployment is a massive understatement . 
  because the us cuts off welfare after a short time , their unemployment figures understate the true picture , but because we do n't ours , though no doubt understated , are more accurate . 
  both sides of the atlantic are dealing with the fall out from the market abuse by the under-regulated banking sector , and we did n't seem to have any trouble finding the money to support them and bail them out . 
  we do need to sort out our taxation of international corporations as they do seem to be doing a good job of enriching the few by tax avoidance , and that 's how i 'd fund the support of the unemployed until our economies recover from the damage done by casino capitalism . 
  one of the notable things about the crash is that it proved beyond question that the invisible hand of the market does n't actually manage to cost risk properly , and markets do actually need regulation . 
  outside of scotland , not really . 
  there are separatist movements in cornwall and wales , though there 's not really any great appetite for independence , at the moment . 
  the idea that the other orange regions of england are going their own way seems rather wide of the mark . 
  there was a [ vote ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_england_devolution_referendums,_2004 ) a decade ago about giving the regions more autonomy when wales and scotland got their assembly/parliament , but the voters did n't seem to want it . 
  this is the first time i 've seen anyone claiming that wessex and mercia want their own assemblies , but i suppose there could be some small pressure groups with those aims , but they 're certainly not mainstream . 
  it 's a traditional/imperial era term , used by noel coward in the 1931 song [ mad dogs and englishmen ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxxl2k3_-4c ), 
  how have you come to a personal accommodation with reality where the practice of not using needlessly offensive language can be equated with being fascist ? 
  so a country that has gone through decades of terrorism and state repression then went through a peace and reconciliation process , and allowed those heavily associated with violence to be in government , rather than having an insight into conflict resolution , has n't got a leg to stand on ? 
  it might make better sense to have a go at their argument , rather than looking at the flair and trying to have a go at a whole country . 
  whereas those of us who 've been following the crimea crisis on this subreddit will be well aware of it , as it 's been mentioned many times . 
  i think predicting what the next 20 years will be like is hard enough , there 's no way on earth to predict what disruptive technologies and events may occur in the next 100 years . 
  can you think of many countries that have welcomed the loss of territory ? 
  the spanish do n't seem keen on either basque or catalan independence , one might as well ask why are they so desperate to hold on to those regions . 
  the simple answer is that it is generally the nature of the state to attempt to defend its power and territorial integrity , and resist peaceful or violent attempts to massively alter the status quo . 
  no , you are conflating europe and the eu , the title does nothing of the sort . 
  it 's very simple logic here . 
  there are british people who are not lovers of all things european . 
  eddie izzard loves all things european , ergo he is unlike some of his countrymen . 
  i do n't really get why anyone is complaining about it . 
  oh please , you are making an illogical complaint . 
  that there are people who are n't pro-eu in other european countries does n't stop there being ones in the uk , that izzard is ` unlike ', 
  is nothing sacred ? 
  we should aim for the [ dish of the day at the restaurant at the end of the universe ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucnylsjkatq&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=373 ), 
  the park next door to my flat ( in the suburbs of london ) often has circuses appearing . 
  i 'd guess there 's six different troupes that put up their tent there over the course of a year . 
  how much business they do , i do n't know , but they keep coming back , so i guess someone still likes to go to them . 
  it 's completely irrelevant as no parliament can bind the hands of the next one . 
  it 's an obvious attempt to force the opposition to commit to a referendum they are not interested in holding . 
  billy bragg may not have the best voice in the world , but at times he 's a great song-writer , and by no means is all of his output political . 
  for example [ ` saturday boy ' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cbwdp71upm ) does an amazing job of expressing unrequited teenage love with a subtle poignancy very few match . 
  i 've yet to understand why socialists are n't allowed to like champaign . 
  would you care to explain why it is wrong for someone who has made themselves wealthy to think that taxes on people as wealthy as themselves should be higher ? 
  `` but , miss , he was doing it , too '' , was a pretty poor excuse in primary school , and is yet less impressive when used by an adult to defend hypocritical behaviour by a nation state . 
  the uk has considerable influence over those islands , one of the things that makes them safe tax havens is their british military protection . 
  without that promise of protection , what makes them regarded as safe harbours for huge sums of money diminishes significantly . 
  or more like someone who was monitoring them until about five hours ago, 
  i 've never been called a wingnut before , i did n't realise moderate social democracy was extremist . 
  why do you have a problem with the state funding medical research ? 
  it seems a perfectly reasonable thing for the state to invest in . 
  i notice that both yourself and southpads seem to favour this line of debate , when you call someone a name , then do n't engage with their argument , or provide any counter claim . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  surely a commercial organisation that has to prioritise profits for the shareholders is not going to be focused on curing disease but mitigating the symptoms to ensure they have long term customers , it is why most of the cancer research done in the uk is done by charities . 
  i fail to see how what yaix said is ignorant , it seems eminently reasonable, 
  are you old enough to remember the 70s or early 80s ? 
  the cold war was something very tangible , we honestly lived with the spectre that within weeks the world as we knew it could be completely destroyed . 
  we did drills at school at what we had to do when the bombs dropped ( not that hiding under a desk was likely to do much to diminish the damage done by a thermonuclear detonation ) . 
  there was a permanent tension and fear of someone pressing the red button . 
  every summit between a us president and soviet leader had huge significance . 
  what we have now is just a traditional international spheres of influence power struggle , it 's not the same thing as a permanent nuclear stand-off . 
  without wishing to sound coarse fuck off rupert, 
  [ ukraine ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20120888 ) has questions to answer about the quality of their democratic credentials , and [ similar concerns have ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2013/04/georgia ) been raised about georgia . 
  for all that we may not like the islamic leanings of current leadership in turkey , it does appear to be a functioning democracy, 
  i did a dissertation into the expansion eastward of the eu , about 20 years ago , and my professor chuckled at my plan to evaluate the status of the ex ussr countries ' chances of ever applying . 
  russia regards those states as within their sphere of influence , and would welcome eu encroachment about as warmly as they felt nato expansions eastward , and few of them are in a state where they could easily change their legal structures to integrate the acquis . 
  if we 're looking to take states into the eu , surely the priority should remain turkey . 
  they have a growing economy , enough young blood to help deal with the long term population pyramid issues suffered by most eu nations , and also provide one of the world 's largest armies to boot . 
  obviously , the current mess in turkey does n't make it likely it 's around the corner , but compared with a lot of the ex-ussr it 's far closer to being compatible with eu membership than they are . 
  i do n't know anyone that seems to think that we should be arming either side . 
  i see no sensible argument for getting involved . 
  i do n't really understand where the desire to get involved in a civil war , that is moving from a vicious stalemate to the marginally less appealing of outcomes , is coming from . 
  it 's certainly not public pressure for intervention . 
  is there some new game of trolls thing going on here , or are you just the idiot you are appearing to be ? 
  this article is dated 12th april 2013 so i went to [ eurostat ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/publications/collections/news_releases ) site to look for a news release relating to the research , and can find nothing . 
  then i thought i 'd look for [ attractiveness ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/statistics/a_to_z ) in the a to z of what they measure , again nothing . 
  it all seems a bit odd , as i was just hoping to have a look at the methodology , instead i ca n't find a thing, 
  i ca n't begin to understand the twisted brainwrong involved in suggesting such a ludicrous idea . 
  18 year olds are tend to be impetuous idiots plagued by raging hormones , with a mistaken idea how the world works and how important they are in it ; they are the very last people who should be given killing machines as a matter of course . 
  i 'm curious , what level of blatancy do you require to spot obvious sarcasm ?
