  many jobs in the uk especially at medium-to-high level will chuck in private insurance as well . 
  all this means is basically that you will always get an appointment when you want one and that you wo n't pay anything up front to the dentists etc , and that you get access to a wider range of services , e.g. 
  if you need non-emergency physiotherapy . 
  heheh . 
  i 've actually had the luxury of getting the same treatment done in britain and france at the dentists - a filling and a scale and polish . 
  it cost me about # 30 in britain and $ 45 in france , so more or less the same , both with nhs/state dentists . 
  one of the good things about the eu is that if you 're in another member state you are entitled to the same medical treatment as citizens of that country are , so i paid no more than a french person would despite being an evil foreign . 
  if you 're happy just taking `` nhs glasses '' ( which are usually the less fashionable/less aesthetically pleasing ones ) i think you can more or less get glasses for free or very cheap here . 
  i last got my glasses from tesco opticians ( the optician chain of a big supermarket here ) and i got two designer pairs for # 55 , but i could have had an nhs pair for about # 10 i think . 
  i certainly do n't envy the us health system - great if you 're rich and healthy , awful if you 're poor and sick !, 
  it depends what you need in the uk . 
  anything non-serious/that can wait , and some non-emergency procedures ( e.g. 
  a vasectomy ) is done at the gp ( general practitioner ) . 
  when you move to an area , you register with the local gp and from then you can schedule an appointment with them . 
  waiting times depend ( sometimes you 're lucky enough to get an appointment on the day you call up , sometimes you have to wait a few days ) . 
  you 'll only end up in hospital if your gp refers you there ( in which case you and the hospital sort out timings and whatever , i know my brother had a surgical procedure referred from his gp and it took about 2 months from diagnosis to surgery ) , or if you go there to `` a&e '' ( accident and emergency - does what it says on the tin ) . 
  here you get sorted by triage when you arrive but they aim to see you as soon as possible , obviously . 
  if you need any medicine that your gp or the hospital prescribes you , ( in england ) you pay a prescription charge of about # 8 for it , or if you know you 'll need a lot you can buy a sort of season ticket for medicine prescriptions at a flat rate . 
  that aside , the healthcare is completely free and funded by direct taxation from our pay . 
  as to stuff like the optician and the dentist , this is where the service is n't always free at the point of service . 
  if you use an nhs optician or dentist , basic procedures are free ( eye tests , dental checkups etc. ), 
  but some you have to pay for ( e.g. 
  i got a filling done last year and it was about # 10 , and i wear glasses and usually buy a nicer branded pair for about # 50 , with a low-income nhs rebate , which you apply for if you 're on low income , of about # 30 on top ) . 
   about shying away from immigration comments , it probably also plays a role that a big part of the population ( and in turn potential voter base ) comes from an immigrant background ? 
  if the leave camp goes too much on the offensive there then they will directly send potential immigrant voters to the remain camp . 
  not really . 
  the ` immigrant ' vote in the uk is at most around 6-7 % ( as only uk + commonwealth citizens can vote ) of the vote , and there are much greater swathes of undecided voters ( in any case , leave is unlikely to attract many votes from immigrants or their descendants ) . 
  the problem is that leave has to be careful . 
  if it attacks immigration too hard , it will turn off a lot of voters who do n't want to be seen voting for xenophobia or racism - it goes against the campaign which they 've tried to keep positive . 
  we tend to , despite ukip 's best efforts , associate arguments heavily against immigration with the right flank of politics and this would mean leave loses the centrist or mildly-right-leaning voters who are n't its core support which it needs to win . 
  there 's also the problem that their argument is easily countered . 
  many people who are concerned about immigration are also ( often mainly ) concerned with non-eu immigration and leaving the eu wo n't really do anything about that at all ; if anything it might require more non-eu immigration if our economy suffers from a labour shortage . 
  in the end a lot of this comes down to the fact that britain is a small-c conservative country and remain has a status quo bias in their favour . 
  all they have to do is deflect leave 's arguments and so leave ca n't push immigration too hard or it makes it easy for remain to lambast them . 
  i keep a close eye on the polling , and it 's a complicated issue . 
  the defining factor of the polling in this election has been a big split between the online polls and the phone polls . 
  generally , the [ online polls ] ( https://twitter.com/msmithsonpb/status/733627887883046913?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) have been showing anything from a slight remain lead to a slight leave lead , while the [ phone polls ] ( https://twitter.com/msmithsonpb/status/733627543350284288?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) have been showing moderate remain leads which have now extended into large remain leads ( the last round , on wednesday , had remain leading by 18 % , 15 % and 10 % ) . 
  many people ( rightly ) think that the answer is somewhere in the middle - but based on the fact that phone polls were more correct both at ge2015 ( which was a huge failure for online polls who overrepresented labour 's vote ) and in the local council elections last month , it seems that it 's somewhere closer to the phone polls in the middle , perhaps 7-12 % . 
  polls are n't definitive , but what 's telling is that [ even the online polls are showing a move towards remain ] ( https://twitter.com/msmithsonpb/status/734054402273759233?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) , which suggests that remain is gaining traction . 
  we do n't know why this is , although i might suggest that it 's because leave have spent the last couple of weeks shooting them in the foot and ca n't ride on the wave of euroscepticism that grew up in the wake of the attacks in paris and brussels , and that their sovereignty arguments do n't seem to be working . 
  in fact , a recent poll showed that the two main issues uk voters care about in this referendum are immigration and the economy . 
  the economic case is generally stacked against leave so you do n't blame them for not playing it - there are only so many lse/treasury/imf / oecd/eu/civil service reports that they can brush off as `` anti-british scaremongering '' . 
  and yet they seem reluctant to go on the offensive about immigration , not least because an lse report came out last week stating that one of their major claims - that eu migration drives down wages - is n't true or is at best only rarely true on a small scale . 
  so they 've been left with sovereignty and the crap that boris trots out about banana regulation and rules on vacuum cleaners . 
  that makes for a weak campaign so far . 
  a lot can change , obviously , but leave just does n't seem to be able to get up any momentum or energise anyone beyond its core voter base . 
  another poll today [ showed that conservative voters ] ( https://twitter.com/msmithsonpb/status/734073664329650176?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) , who leave need to win over to have a chance of winning , are equally swinging towards remain , which is a bad sign . 
  if these conditions carry on many people are suggesting that the only way leave will win is on a very low turnout where labour voters and moderate conservative voters stay home , and the c2de social classes among whom leave is most popular turn out in greater numbers . 
  but as i say , a lot can change . 
  a good website to keep up to date with the statistics is www.politicalbetting.com , i check it most mornings for an idea of how things are going . 
  those of us who are pro-eu ( such as me ) are obviously delighted at the news but we ca n't get complacent . 
  a win of 10 % or more would surely put this issue we 've been arguing about for 20 years to bed and we could get on with working within europe to make it better for us and for the eu . 
  believe me it frustrates us who are pro-eu as well !, 
  hopefully if we vote to remain in we can get a new enthusiasm for participating and making the eu better for ourselves and for all of europe . 
  island mentality is a dangerous thing . 
   fianlly , i will end this with a quote from george orwell 's 1984 ; `` freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two equals four '' , leaving the european union gives us this freedom . 
  wow good to know the brexit movement has n't got hyperbolic or anything - remember , it 's the remain campaign that 's hysterical . 
   i feel that we should leave , due to the level of governmental and financial independence it would give us whilst , due to our aforementioned ties to the rest of euroupe , still remaining in a strong parterniship with the european union . 
  perhaps the best way to remain in a strong partnership with the eu is to ... remain the 2nd/3rd most influential member of the eu ? 
  i know nothing about the irish law on firearms ( as it is likely different from the uk 's ) - you would have to look into it . 
  this might be a good start : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/firearms_legislation_in_ireland in truth it looks about as strict as ours , so if you were going to own a gun in ireland you would have to join a shooting club as otherwise you would n't have the good reason needed to possess one . 
  quite strict , something of which i 'm in favour ( as the uk has a tiny amount of gun crime - only 42 people died as a result of firearms in 2008 - and our police do n't even carry guns , while people who want to use guns for hunting or sport can do so subject to background checks ) . 
  they 're strict to the extent that the government had to relax firearms law in order for the shooting events at the olympics in 2012 to take place !, 
  it used to be quite lax , then after [ hungerford ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungerford_massacre ) in 1987 we restricted possession of semi-automatic weapons and high-capacity shotguns and after [ dunblane ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunblane_school_massacre ) in 1996 we banned handguns outright . 
  as a consequence the only firearms you can legally own in the uk are low-capacity shotguns and some rifles ( generally single-shot or low-capacity ones ) . 
  for these you either need a shotgun certificate or a firearms certificate . 
  a shotgun certificate permits you to own as many shotguns ( with a capacity of less than 3 rounds ) and as much ammunition as you like , after a background check ( you ca n't have a criminal conviction or any history of certain illnesses ) and an inspection by the local firearms officer to check you can safely store them , a firearms certificate is much more stringent , but it 's what you need to own rifles . 
  the checks for a shotgun certificate take place , but the applicant must also show that they have a good reason for owning the weapon ( e.g. 
  pest control , collecting , sport , hunting etc. ), 
  and the issuing police force can put restrictions on how many firearms and how much ammunition an individual is allowed to have . 
  `` the people '' i think are very much behind this , there has n't been a party which has ever campaigned on a policy of relaxing these rules ( except some rumblings from ukip who are at the far-right of the mainstream in the uk ) and i 've often found a pride in the fact that our police are n't armed . 
  certainly i think it makes it harder for them to make mistakes and kill people . 
  britain is somewhat complicated as england and scotland have different university systems . 
  the standard length of an undergraduate ( bachelor * ) degree is 3 years , or 4 in scotland , and one year longer if you do a placement year or a year abroad ( on more vocational degrees and language degrees ) . 
  in england , unlike america , the courses tend to be more rigid . 
  you pick a subject at the start and you stick with it - for example , if you study geography , you only do modules within the school of geography . 
  you would n't take classes in maths or a foreign language as is often required in the usa . 
  you would specialise over the course of your degree into a certain field , though , of course . 
  in scotland , things are somewhat different , and more similar to the us system . 
  you start studying three subjects at what is called sub-honours level ; these can be any subjects from any school . 
  in your second year you either narrow it down to 2 or carry on with three . 
  you then enter your honours level ( the last two years of your degree ) where you get your assessment marks in the three , two or one subject you decided to study at honours level . 
  for example , i started out studying french , german and russian , dropped german in my second year and then did french and russian for my degree through the last two years , meaning i was awarded an ma in french and russian ( see below ) . 
  i ca n't comment on how these compare to other university systems , but there are set governmental credit requirements that you have to fulfil to be awarded a degree . 
  we then grade them into classes ( upper first , lower first , upper second aka 2:1 , lower second aka 2:2 , third class , unclassified pass , fail ) , with 2:1 usually being the minimum acceptable to get a graduate job . 
  as to the cost , until the late 90s it was free , and it crept up towards # 3,000 per year by 2010 . 
  since the conservative government ` reformed ' tuition fees , the upper limit is now # 9,000 per year , although scottish and eu students study for free in scotland ( english , welsh and northern irish students used to pay a reduced fee in scotland , but not any more ) . 
  \\* some of the ancient universities ( cambridge , oxford , edinburgh , st andrews etc. ), 
  have the right to grant the title of `` master of arts/science '' for a bachelor 's level of study which confuses things slightly , but that 's just a historical quirk, 
  no more than i consider bermuda , anguilla or the british indian ocean territory to be part of the eu , even if the dom ( and you forgot saint pierre et miquelon ! ), 
  are much more integrated into the eu . 
  then again , if we had adopted the euro it 's likely that they would have their currency pegged to it . 
  my slapdash appraisal : economic - labour party or the snp ( focus on inequality as the key problem , funding for education and healthcare ) . 
  the last sentence is veering close to old labour or the left-fringes of politics ( the greens and so on ) , although we already have universal healthcare here so that 's not an issue . 
  certainly labour have made a big deal of promising house-building programmes . 
  your emphasis on ` meritocracy ' is a new labour/lib dem kind of point . 
  religion - your points on abortion and gay marriage are either on the right wing of the conservative party or even further beyond that into ukip and general uk right-wing quasi-extremism . 
  we really are not very socially conservative in this country . 
  as to ` discreet ' practice of religion , again , this is probably a hard conservative point of view - the ` soft tories ' emphasise understanding and cooperation . 
  certainly i would suggest that there is very little appetite for religion being used to `` inform policy '' - as peter mandelson said to tony blair , `` we do n't do god '' .
