  that said , 50p and # 1 were worth more than they are nowadays back then , to the extent that from the 70s to the 80s we used to have half-pennies . 
  romania still has a 1 leu note worth # 0.19 / $ 0.22 . 
  cool , but your wallet gets full of them very quickly ; then again in a country where the cost of living is lower they are still kind of useful . 
  i 'm not sure i 've been to a country in europe that had a lower value banknote . 
  no-lifer edit : some cursory research reveals that moldova apparently still issues banknotes in 1 and 5 moldovan leu which are worth similar ( # 0.04 , # 0.20 ) , russia has a rare 10 ruble ( # 0.12 ) banknote floating around , ukraine has 1 , 2 and 5 hryvnia ones ( # 0.03 , # 0.06 , # 0.15 ) , macedonia has 1 , 2 , 5 and 10 denar ( # 0.01 , # 0.03 , # 0.07 , # 0.14 ) notes and serbia has 10 and 20 dinar notes ( # 0.07 , # 0.14 ) . 
  this ; go to any off-licence or supermarket and they will sell payg sim cards at the till . 
  look for networks like lebara , that 's the main one that comes to mind . 
  no , not really . 
  there is a mechanism by which he could ( use of the ` royal prerogative ' of foreign affairs , basically one of the monarch 's few remaining discretionary powers ) but there 's nothing to stop parliament from overruling the use of that power - parliament is supreme ( as the leave campaigners reminded us during the campaign , which has come back to bite them ... ), 
   ( how ) does the uk get prime minister get elected ? 
  the prime minister is appointed by the queen and is by convention ( basically a set of unwritten rules that make up for the fact that the uk does n't have a written constitution , and which govern how our government operates ) the person who can best command the confidence of the house of commons , which 99 % of the time is the leader of the biggest party . 
  after an election ( whether general or leadership - the conservatives are having a leadership election right now to replace cameron ) this person goes to buckingham palace to inform the queen of their intention to form a government and she accepts it , and they are then prime minister . 
  one of five people will be the next pm , before 9 september ( although it might be sooner ) : theresa may ( home secretary ) , michael gove ( justice secretary ) , stephen crabb ( work and pensions secretary ) , liam fox ( former defence secretary ) , andrea leadsom ( conservative mp ) , and it seems as if it will be a race between may and leadsom . 
   does the prime minister have power to veto the whole brexit thing ? 
  the legislation the referendum was created by specifically stated that it was not binding on parliament . 
  this is due to the doctrine of `` parliamentary sovereignty '' in the uk constitution which states that a parliament may not bind a future one with its legislation , and that parliament can legislate as it likes . 
  a question at the moment is whether an act of parliament is needed to leave the eu ( certainly the european communities act 1972 would need to be repealed , as it is the law which put us into the eec/eu , which is subject to a vote in parliament ) or whether the prime minister is free to do it unilaterally . 
  we simply do n't know as this has never happened before , and due to parliamentary sovereignty ( see above ) , parliament is free to overrule the executive including the prime minister . 
  this leads to an unfortunate situation where you have a house of commons which has 400 + mps who support remaining in the eu through which you need to pass legislation removing us from the eu . 
   how likely is it that the next election prime minister will be a second eu referendum in disguise ? 
  i think if there 's not a general election in the autumn ( which it has been suggested there might be , to give the new pm a mandate ) then whenever the next election is ( scheduled for 2020 ) it will become either a second referendum ( with the benefit of hindsight ) on eu membership , or it will be a choice between manifesto commitments as to what to do next . 
  the two biggest parties , labour and the conservatives , have both stated that they would not seek to reverse the decision ( meaning we 'd be voting for whichever settlement they proposed , whether they 've negotiated a deal or not , or perhaps a strategy for when to activate article 50 ) while the lib dems and snp have both said they would reverse it . 
  english law distinguishes between `` insolvency '' ( when a company can not pay its creditors ) and `` bankruptcy '' ( when a person can not pay their creditors ) . 
  up until the early 20th century it was common to be imprisoned for debt in the uk ( charles dickens was so imprisoned and not released until he could pay the debt ) in what we called a debtors ' prison . 
  in [ 1869 ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/vict/32-33/62/section/4 ) imprisonment for debt was all but abolished by the debtors act of that year ; although the act leaves open certain categories of imprisonment ( the court has `` discretion '' to do so under the debtors act 1878 ) , in practice bankruptcy is not a crime in the uk , nor is insolvency . 
  both are civil issues dealt with in the civil courts . 
  well , it means that the law ca n't be enforced without breaking the ( supreme ) constitutional law , so the law might as well not be in place - it has the same effect as the law being repealed ( meaning that , for example , all of the state laws against same-sex marriage meant nothing ) . 
  the uk has no such protection except insofar as eu law is supreme over uk law . 
  yeah , the uk can do it by legislation due to the whole not-federal thing , but the us supreme court has powers uk courts can only dream of . 
  if they struck down the death penalty as unconstitutional ( again ) that has the effect of a legislative strikedown of state law , does n't it ? 
  britain did it [ quite easily in 1966 ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1965/71 ) ( for murder ) and [ again in 1998 ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1998/37/section/36 ) ( for high treason and piracy with violence ) . 
  in the us it could be similarly done by a supreme court ruling as was gay marriage , abortion etc. 
  conversely , she falls into a demographic which voted leave overwhelmingly ; aged 65 + with no formal qualifications ( she did n't take the school certificate/higher school certificate which were the equivalent of gcse and a-level at the time ) and from the south of england . 
  ( although she is n't in the c2de social classes ... ), 
  as nick clegg said , i 'm sure he would remember it if it had been said to him . 
  the queen expressing a political opinion does n't happen too often , especially at a crowded function . 
  there 's a special place in hell for people who ride a bicycle only made for one person with two people on it . 
  the thing is it 's true though , at least in the uk . 
  in our referendum , the main supporters of leave were those in the c2de social classes , with gcse-or-lower/vocational education and who supported ukip and the conservatives . 
  by contrast , degree-educated abc1 classes who vote for the greens and the liberal democrats were the heaviest supporters of remain . 
  britain 's climate is very similar to the pacific northwest 's , i 've been told . 
  the hottest it gets is between 27-30c ( 80-86f ) on a few days in summer and it might drop down to -5 c ( 23f ) overnight in winter , and it rains about once every three days . 
  most of the year it 's overcast and somewhere between 10-20c . 
  hence why no air conditioning is needed . 
  it 's never been tested , but as i read it , we are members of the eu until exit negotiations are concluded and we 're allowed to vote on that basis . 
  if ttip went to a vote before the end of the article 50 deadline then i presume we 'd be allowed to vote as well . 
   and now they voted out to throw out the millions of european citizens living there . 
  there has been racist aggressions all over their country . 
  even if we do end up properly leaving ( and that 's not even clear - the most attractive option is eea membership , and even that is a downgrade from our eu membership ; one legal commentator stated here that it 's just a question of which government is going to have to back down from brexit , not how brexit is going to be done ) , it would take something major for actual deportations of european citizens from the uk . 
  the british authorities have been very quick to assure people of that . 
  remember it 's the pro-market , pro-free movement tories at the wheel , not the extreme elements of ukip . 
   they are already making new deals with the usa , canada , iceland , south korea and will selfishly try to get the best deal they can out of their exit of the eu . 
  no we 're not . 
  the only progress that has been made is the cabinet office ( commonly known as the place `` where policies go to die '' ) has set up a eu unit to set out a plan for exactly what we 're going to do . 
  the fco ( our foreign ministry ) has admitted we have between 12-15 experienced international trade negotiators . 
  above all , we are * still a member of the eu * for the short-term . 
  that alone prohibits us from negotiating external deals . 
  well , this is simplifying it . 
  the ftse 250 , which many take to be a better indicator of the uk economy than the ftse 100 ( as it 's made up of companies which do the bulk of their operations in the uk ) is in freefall , it 's at its 52-week low and in a fall which is unprecedented in its history . 
  whether it will get down to 2008/2009 levels ( for which it would need to drop another 10,000 points in addition to the 2,000 or so it 's lost since friday ) remains to be seen . 
  the pound is also not just `` falling in value '' , it 's dropping to a 31-year low . 
  you ca n't criticise someone for overegging what 's happening and then brush off worrying financial indicators with the other hand . 
  well , unless we could negotiate an opt-out from the single currency as we did in the early 90s again , but what are the odds of the eu agreeing to that when , if we 're applying to rejoin , they presumably hold all the cards ? 
  we 'd also likely lose our optouts on schengen , the social charter and certain defence initiatives as well . 
  basically we 'd have to join on the same terms as everyone else . 
  what you have to remember in the context of the uk ( i will note that i 'm speaking for england and wales , not scotland or northern ireland which have separate legal systems ) is that we do n't have full-strength judicial review like you do in the usa . 
  the courts can not , as a rule , overturn legislation . 
  this is because of the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty which means that parliament 's decisions prevail over those of the courts ( see burmah oil v lord advocate , and the subsequent war damages act for how this works ) . 
  this means that judicial review is usually limited to a check on the executive , through the four grounds of illegality , unreasonableness , procedural impropriety and reasonable expectation . 
  basically , if one of the a public authority 's actions which is `` amenable '' to judicial review violates one of these grounds , it can be quashed and made again . 
  the sole exception to this is the rare occurrence where a uk statute contravenes eu law ( as eu law prevails over national law in areas of eu competency - see costa v enel ) , in which case the courts have ` disapplied ' the offending statute ; this principle comes from r ( factortame ltd ) v sos for transport , in which case the merchant shipping act violated eu provisions on freedom of establishment and so was struck down by the courts . 
  the courts have , in recent years , come dangerously close to suggesting they would strike down blatantly tyrannical legislation ( see the speeches of lord steyn , lord hope and baroness hale in r ( jackson ) v attorney general , but note that the courts have previously also suggested that parliamentary sovereignty extends to the right to expressly repeal fundamental rights - ex p simms , for example ) but , as i have suggested , the current position is that it is a check on executive power . 
  in the miranda case last year , lord neuberger ( president of our supreme court ) suggested that the ability to check all aspects of power is `` jealously coveted '' but we will have to see where it goes . 
  ` famous ' judicial review cases in the uk tend to circle around things like the limitation of the royal prerogative ( ie the discretionary powers of the monarch now vested in the ministers ) - see ex p civil service unions ( the ` gchq case ' ) , ex p fire brigades union , ex p northumbria police authority - or the precise definitions of the grounds i listed above . 
  a recent case is r ( reilly ) v sos for work and pensions , in which case the government 's `` workfare '' program was subject to a judicial review claim and quashed . 
  there 's also the mechanism of the human rights act , which does act to some extent as a check on the legislature . 
  it integrates the european convention on human rights into uk law and allows courts either to interpret statutes to give effect to the convention or , if such an approach is not possible , to issue a `` declaration of incompatibility '' which is basically a big red flag for the government to change the law ( which it has done 27 times out of 28 that a doi has been issued - look at cases like bellinger v bellinger ( about the matrimonial causes act ) or a and others v sos for the home department ( about the atcsa ) ) . 
  this is an odd question because it assumes that most europeans know what the tsa is . 
  i travelled to the usa several times ( la , las vegas , san francisco , dulles and orlando airports ) and it 's broadly similar to airports in the uk . 
  arrive , drop off bags , head to security , drop all your possessions and stuff into a tray , walk through detector , reclaim things . 
  if you set off the detector , as i did at manchester airport last week ( turns out my shoes have metal bars in them ) they 'll usually ask you to stand in a full-body scanner , and if that 's inconclusive they 'll frisk you or give you a once over with the wand . 
  i 've never had any problems with us security beyond chatting to them here or there , so i ca n't say they 're better or worse than our equivalents . 
  i believe airline security is largely the same eu-wide , at least it has been at every airport i 've been to in europe post 9/11 . 
  i 've always found the us border guards to be a little overzealous ( you wo n't have experienced them i would imagine ) in demanding to know particulars and once detaining me and my friend for a two-hour long search of our car at the canadian border but they 're at least cheerier than the ukba who `` welcome '' you back into the country with a grimace . 
   `` emergency parking '' with flashing lights this happens in britain as well even though we consider ourselves to be decent drivers . 
  the amount of lorries you see blocking half of a road parked on the pavement with the `` get out of jail free hazard lights '' is crazy . 
  i have no idea as to the provisions of cutting off a child while still alive , but the [ inheritance ( provision for dependants ) act 1975 ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1975/63 ) prevents most attempts to disinherit children . 
  they can apply to the court under s2 of that act for a grant from the deceased 's estate to be made to meet their financial needs ( you can see the matters they consider in making such an application in s3 , and the specific factors for children in s3 ( 3 ) ) . 
  i 'm not in the former ussr , but i am a student of russian ( i did an undergraduate degree in it ) . 
  the general picture in the uk is that it used to be a somewhat common language to study ( at university - british schools have never been good on foreign languages ; even in the mid-2000s , i could only study two maximum to low level and one to an advanced level , spanish and french ) during the cold war when there used to be a fair number of uni students who studied russian and worked for the government/military/intelligence and so on . 
  nowadays , it 's very much a fringe . 
  there are only about 20-25 universities in the country ( of several hundred ) that have a russian/slavonic department and i remember being told when i finished my degree that i was one of about 120 russian graduates in the uk in that year . 
  my personal class ( albeit at a small university ) was about 10 or 12 graduates . 
  i know that in my county there was one high school that offered an a-level in it , but again , a tiny propagation rate . 
  as such , it tends to be perceived as a rare/difficult language ( often for the wrong reasons - people 's # 1 question is `` is it hard to learn a new alphabet ? 
  '' , when in fact that takes up maybe the first two weeks of a degree ) . 
  when i told my employers that i spoke it at the interview they were somewhat intrigued , and anything vaguely related to russia at work gets thrown at me as i believe i 'm one of a handful of russian speakers in the company . 
  an example of an english law demonstrating this is the uk [ public order act 1986 ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1986/64/part/i ) , specifically part i. 
  it outlines offences such as affray , provoking violence , causing alarm , etc. 
  i for one have had it with majorca and the faeroes demanding europe jump to their rhythm .
