  we do still use the word `` quisling '' to describe a traitor , perhaps cos our only notable traitors from the modern era were people like william joyce ( lord haw-haw ) . 
  i suppose you could argue oswald mosley as well , but that 's a ) a very simplistic way of looking at 1930s british history and b ) he 's not as well known as someone like cromwell . 
  edit : edward viii 's opinions towards the nazis were also verging on traitorous at times ( to the point that i believe him and his wife were effectively detained in this bahamas during the war ) , but he abdicated before things could get out of hand . 
  daz was bad , but he was n't as awful as scooch a couple of years later . 
  those two are probably followed up in recent years by andy abraham and that time we sent a random teenager noone had ever heard of . 
  i 've been three times . 
  i love it as a place even if i am a bit hesitant travelling to turkey nowadays with all the unrest there . 
  i loved the food , the weather , the architecture , the bazaars , the football culture , the language , the history dripping from every building and the bosphorus is just amazing . 
  i would definitely go back and would love to learn turkish so that i could travel further in the country . 
  so in england ( nb - scotland has a different education system entirely ) `` secondary education '' usually means from ages 11 ( year 7 ) to age 16 or 18 ( years 11 or 13 respectively ) . 
  this time is spent ( except in some three-tier areas like bedfordshire and northumberland ) at a secondary school . 
  years 7 , 8 and 9 are vaguely similar to late primary education and really are a continuation - emphasis on the key `` national curriculum subjects '' such as english , maths , sciences , physical education and so on . 
  then at the end of year 9 ( aged 13 ) you choose a number of subjects which , along with several compulsory ones ( usually english , maths and a science ) , will form the basis of your gcse ( the general certificate of secondary education , formerly known as an ` ordinary level certificate ' or o-level until about 1990 ) . 
  i picked about six non-compulsory gcses on top of my compulsory ones as i recall . 
  you then spend years 10 and 11 studying for and taking those gcses , they 're usually assessed by a mix of coursework and exams . 
  then , at 16 , you have your gcse results ( generally the bare minimum is 5 gcses at grades a * - c including english and maths - that 's basically the lowest standard of formal education for school leavers ) . 
  you then have the choice what to do . 
  when i ( and the duke ) went to school you could choose to leave at 16 and stop your education ( indeed both my parents did this ) but recently it was made compulsory to continue in some form up until the age of 18 . 
  for the 16-18 stage you have the choice of continuing at school and doing three or four gce ( general certificate of education , almost universally known as the a-level from its old name of the advanced level certificate ) , all of which are elective , or doing a vocational course such as a btec or an apprenticeship . 
  a-levels are our university admission exams as well as being the highest secondary education qualification . 
  many people do leave school with a-levels , although most people who study a-levels will continue to university . 
  you apply to universities at the start of year 13 ( your final year ) who , after considering your application , will make you an offer conditional upon you achieving a certain set of grades in your a-levels . 
  as i said above , 5a * - c at gcse is generally the modern standard ( and that 's for all schools , not posh fee-paying ones like harrow which have very high standards ) , hence why the duke would be seen as uneducated ( it 's also something often levelled at labour party leader jeremy corbyn that he left school with two e-grade a-levels ) . 
  my dad left school with only 1 o-level , but he did n't have a dukedom or go to harrow ... 
  i remember that beautiful thread where some alt-righter was claiming that woolwich in north london was a `` no-go zone '' where the sharia squads would beat you up if you walked around with a bottle of wine . 
  a londoner then went to woolwich carrying wine , and videoed it , and mr. 
  expert * still * insisted he was right . 
  but at least we * took back control * !, 
  and got some * sovereignty * back from the * eurocrats * !, 
  whatever those things mean !, 
  equally though , salad cream . 
  * gags *, 
  see also : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_rock, 
  i think the `` bad food '' thing , as you say , is really just a reflection of the past . 
  the older members of my family still boil everything and eat stuff like salad cream as if there 's still a war on . 
  the only thing that adds to it is that it 's harder to get really good quality fruit and veg here because we ca n't grow a lot of it . 
  the tomatoes , for example , are never as good here as they are in france or italy . 
   my dad always woke up at 5am on holidays to secure the sunbeds . 
  then went back to sleep until we 'd go down to the pool at like 10 . 
  it was you !!, 
  * traumatic flashbacks to cyprus in 2003 *, 
  i 've heard this one about the italians as well due to their propensity for changing sides during the war, 
  the schuman declaration which was the founding document of what would become the eu states :  the solidarity in production thus established will make it plain that any war between france and germany becomes not merely unthinkable , but materially impossible . 
  the setting up of this powerful productive unit , open to all countries willing to take part and bound ultimately to provide all the member countries with the basic elements of industrial production on the same terms , will lay a true foundation for their economic unification . 
  military alliances like nato have failed to keep the peace in europe for centuries . 
  the economic dependence within the union that means that a country ca n't declare war on another without ruining its economy ( thereby removing its capacity to make war ) semi-permanently means there can be no war . 
  the eu is much more important for preventing war in western europe than nato is . 
  those uk temperatures seem a little bit low to me . 
  they must be taking into account the full 24 hour day rather than daylight hours , a usual may/june daytime temperature here is between 15-20c ( although it definitely can be that cold in those months ) . 
  wikipedia says the 1981-2010 mean was 15c and 18c in london in may and june . 
   the uk was basically the eu 's texas , always saying they are going to leave any day now this is a pretty simplistic viewpoint . 
  uk opposition to the eu originates in the `` maastricht rebels '' of the conservative party in 1992 , before then we were pretty enthusiastic members ( in 1975 , more than 2/3 of people voted to stay in , after we were finally let in after 15 years of trying to join ) . 
  the `` maastricht rebels '' forced john major ( by basically depriving him of his parliamentary majority if he did n't appease them ) to negotiate major concessions for the uk that gave us a kind of lower-speed relationship with the eu with several optouts ( e.g. 
  on the single currency - although as late as 2002 , blair 's government were still talking about joining the euro ) . 
  those who were n't happy with the maastricht renegotiations formed ukip , who became a force towards the end of the 2000s as we were hit by economic crisis and they shifted towards nativism and nationalism which are always good rabble-rousing policies in a recession . 
  fastforward to 2015 and david cameron reckons he 'll lose the election to labour ( or a lib-lab coalition ) if he does n't win over ukip voters in marginal seats . 
  he therefore promises an in-out referendum , and the rest is history . 
  britain leaving was the result of a weird toe-dipped relationship with europe , a lot of tabloid misinformation over the course of 20 years , anti-establishment sentiment being very high and the efforts of ukip . 
  i do n't think this is the case ( or at least it was n't last time i gave blood ) . 
  i think the restrictions are on men who have had sex with men in the last 12 months , or women who have had sex with men in the last 12 months who have in turn ever had sex with men . 
  [ at least that 's what i think this wording means ] ( https://www.blood.co.uk/who-can-give-blood/ ), 
  i think the only distinctions here are a ban on people who have gay sex giving blood within a certain time of doing so . 
  i ca n't think of anything else where treatment has n't been equalised . 
  it 's remarkable how quick things have changed though , as recently as 15 years ago we had section 28 , a piece of law banning `` encouragement '' of homosexuality in schools by teaching about it , like there is in russia right now . 
   but you lost to iceland there 's no shame in that !, 
  britain was actually the leading contributor to korea behind sk and the usa : almost 15,000 troops deployed , with 1,109 killed ( as well as a further 3700 wounded , missing or captured ) . 
  it was the last war we used conscripts in on a major scale . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_imjin_river ) is the most famous engagement of british troops during the war . 
  the problem is that it 's probably going to be your skill that gets you into a european country , unless you have the requisite ancestry to qualify by that route . 
  if you 're under 30 , the uk does a working holiday visa that would allow you and your wife to live and work here for two years and get an insight into what it 's like here . 
  after that , you would have to be applying for a tier 2 visa , which is for skilled workers on the government 's skill shortage list . 
  there [ are lots of oil and gas ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/486107/shortage_occupation_list_-_november_2015.pdf ) jobs on this list , so your chances are probably higher than most , if you 're a skilled worker . 
  you 'd then have to apply for it , secure a job etc. 
  if you 're serious about it , do the working holiday , get work over here and then you can decide whether the tier 2 route is for you . 
  your wife might also qualify for the shortage list if she 's a secondary chemistry or physics teacher , which would make things easier . 
  you also have the major advantage of speaking english rather than having to learn slovenian , finnish or italian to get a job . 
  europe was engaged in genocidal warfare within living memory , the stark differences in our continent are still obvious . 
  the eu is an attempt at trying to bring us closer together and that 's a much more monumental task than bringing together a group of english colonies after a war of independence . 
  we often do this as well to save time . 
  on [ 5 may this year ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-35813119 ) there were elections to 1/3 of local councils in england , along with the scottish parliament and the welsh and london assemblies , two parliamentary by-elections , elections for police and crime commissioners and three local mayoral elections . 
  i was in west yorkshire at the time so i voted in my local council election and in the west yorkshire pcc election , but if you were , say , in ogmore in wales , you would have voted in the by-election there , the pcc election , and the welsh assembly election . 
  i remember that the alternative vote referendum in 2011 also coincided with the scottish parliament elections as well as some local council elections that year . 
  you do export a fair bit , you can get good american craft beers in most bars that specialise in craft stuff over here , mingling with the british stuff on cask . 
  i was always told not to put ice in whisky because you do n't have any control over the dilution . 
  if you want to dilute it , as / u/downtide says , you should have a separate jug of water so you can control it rather than tasting it getting weaker and weaker as you drink it . 
  yes , except ( generally ) with certain alcohols . 
  you usually do n't put ice in beer , scotch whiskey or wine . 
  i usually ask for drinks without ice unless it 's really warm , because then you get more for your money . 
  edit : presuming ( perhaps wrongly ) this is a question by an american , we do n't do `` iced tea '' in the same way you do - tea is almost always drunk warm here ; stuff like lipton bottled iced tea i would n't really call `` tea '' but it is available . 
  you can get an iced coffee from most coffee shop chains but it 's distinctly an american thing ( and who would want one in our climate ... ) . 
  yeah , it 's the minister of the interior in other countries , although it used to be in charge of the home office , which at one point covered everything from justice to immigration . 
  the `` great offices of state '' ( the most important government jobs behind the prime minister ) are : the home secretary , the foreign secretary ( properly the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs , who heads the fco , our state department ) and the chancellor of the exchequer , who is in charge of the government budget and the economy . 
  you have n't factored in the cost of visas to enter russia , which i believe are about $ 100 each . 
  ukip logic : the european commission is evil unelected foreigners telling us what to do , but the house of lords and the queen are fine . 
  oh and the cabinet , considering it 's more or less the same thing as the commission . 
  was it actually any use ? 
  i know our coins which are 1p and 2p are n't hugely useful and i can only imagine a banknote is even less so . 
  britain has had some small notes but not quite that small . 
  we used to have a ten-shilling ( 50p/120d in the old system ) note before decimalisation in 1971 , and a 50p note was planned for the new currency back then , but never introduced . 
  we did have a # 1 note until the mid-80s though .
