  immigration - i 'm not sure where you are on this one . 
  as you openly favour some immigration , probably either the right wing of the labour party or the very left of the conservative party . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` cultural nationalism '' but it sounds quite right-wing . 
  non-violence - this is already the case in the uk . 
  no major party campaigns for less police accountability or more guns . 
  geopolitics - this seems ` centrist ' so i 'll put you with the lib dems ; i 've heard them described as wanting to rub the rough edges off capitalism . 
  they 're also a pacifist non-interventionist party . 
  environment - again , you 're spanning the centre of british politics here , this would be everything from all of labour , through the lib dems , to the left wing of the conservative party . 
  climate change denial is n't really an acceptable political position here to hold . 
  tl ; dr i would group you in with the very right-wing of the labour party , notwithstanding your social views , but you have a considerable overlap with the lib dems . 
  i think if it was 1983 you 'd be in the `` gang of four '' who formed the sdp - too right-wing for labour , too left-wing for the conservatives . 
   but then everything in europe from 1776 to 1914 kind of blends together , and it sucks see , this is where i disagree . 
  our schools usually cover the industrial revolution and at least some british-irish history , so the 19th century is a big deal for us . 
  in the same way the us civil war would be for you . 
  my american history at school consisted of learning about prohibition ( gcse history ) and a small bit about the us ' role in ww2 , and i believe we covered the civil rights era in citizenship/philosophy classes . 
  aside from that , we do n't cover anything , and that includes anything about the native americans , the trail of tears , the civil war and so on . 
  we touched on the slave trade in pre-gcse history and i guess that 's the closest we come . 
  in britain specifically , until you 're 12/13 you tend to do a single thing called `` english '' which combines the language and the literature , mostly focussing on the language and things like handwriting . 
  we did n't really study any ` proper ' literature until we were about 13 - we read some roald dahl and michael morpugo , but largely as exercises for reading comprehension or for creative writing exercises . 
  then when you 're 13 , you start your gcse stage and you do compulsory english language and literature , in separate classes ( although ours were in the same place with the same teacher ) . 
  when i did my gcses ( 2005-2008 ) , english language was generally creative/professional writing and some reading comprehension/essays , while english literature consisted of poetry ( usually an anthology by modern british poets like carol ann duffy and benjamin zephaniah ) , theatre ( two or three shakespeare plays - we did macbeth and much ado about nothing - and a more modern one , we did journey 's end ) , a modern novel ( holes by louis sachar for us - the only non-british literature we read ) and a classical novel ( dickens ' great expectations for us ) . 
  these two subjects are compulsory at the national level along with maths , a science and physical education . 
  you can then choose to do english language or literature at a-level , although it 's not compulsory . 
  i did english language for my a-level and it was much more ` scientific ' for want of a better word - we did the history of the english language , language acquisition ( by children and foreigners ) , and studies into dynamics of language and power ( e.g. 
  men to women , employers to employees ) . 
  aside from tramp fuel , i 've always found that port is the most economical drink . 
  about # 5 a bottle and upwards of 15 % apv . 
  you should come and visit the [ rhubarb triangle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhubarb_triangle ) in yorkshire , i think you 'd be in your element . 
  i think with the turnout being that low it was basically a vote on satisfaction with the government/the eu and eurosceptics saw it as their chance . 
  a big problem with direct democracy like this on complicated issues is that people do n't have the time to be understanding the complexities of an issue like this and so only those with strong opinions will go out and vote . 
  there are `` accent bubbles '' as well - they can be incredibly localised . 
  i come from northumberland and we generally ( as one of england 's least populated counties ) have two accent groups - the rural north of the county has a northumbrian accent , which is english heavily influenced by scottish and geordie with a distinctive ` r ' that 's rolled or burred , while the urban south-east has a ( slightly modified ) variant of the geordie accent from newcastle ; this reflects that the south-east was populated after the war by people moving out when the slums were cleared in newcastle and into the ` new towns ' built to house them . 
  however there 're a couple of ` pit towns ' ( old mining towns ) such as ashington and bedlington where they speak pitmatic , which is another term for the accent of county durham ( about 40 miles south of northumberland and about 3-4 accents away ) characterised by strange vowel sounds ; for example instead of ` cold ' they say ` curld ' . 
  as such , i come from south-east northumberland but within 10 miles of my home town there are three , arguably four separate accents . 
  all of these accents are part of a group of north-eastern accents that share certain features ( flat , germanic vowels and so on ) along with mackem , teesside , and even ( arguably ) cumbrian . 
  trident was big over here a few years ago as i remember ( not the nuclear deterrent , the chewing gum ) , there were loads of adverts around 2007-2010 ? 
  i 'm not sure if it caught on though , anyone i know who chews gum either chews extra or a cheaper knockoff such as mentos gum or whatever aldi 's equivalent is . 
  if you 're eligible for a credit card , halifax do one called clarity which lets you withdraw cash and make card purchases anywhere with no fees . 
  i use it when travelling and log onto my online banking in the evening each day and pay it off . 
  this means it costs me nothing ( as i do n't pay any interest on it ) . 
  you also get the bank rate , which is a better rate than you 'll get on a travel money top up card . 
  i think the pakistan/india/bangladesh thing is to a large extent a legacy of a ) britain 's historic relationship with the subcontinent and b ) the fact that most south asian immigrants came here well after partition in 1947 . 
  as such , they tended to group together into indian/pakistani/bangladeshi communities rather than by their specific ethnicities . 
  as well , to take the pakistani community as an example , about 60-70 % of them are mirpuris from kashmir , so it 's not as diverse as pakistan is itself . 
  there 's also a suggestion that second - and third - generation immigrants are taking on hybrid identities such as british pakistani or even british asian , as well as ` pan-ethnic ' views such as the muslim * ummah * . 
  you might find this an interesting read : http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20120919132719/http://www.communities.gov.uk/documents/communities/pdf/1170952.pdf, 
  to be fair , the british census lets you state a `` national identity '' ( either british or one of the four ` home nations ' ) as well as an ethnic background , suggesting that you can be both . 
  britain asks about your ethnicity on the census - or at least we did in 2011 . 
  it also asks questions about national identity and language . 
  this was [ the form in england ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uu3vwds.png ) , or at least the relevant section of it . 
  when i did the census in 2011 i was in scotland ; [ this is the scottish form ] ( http://www.scotlandscensus.gov.uk/documents/householdpre-addressed27_05_10specimen.pdf ) - page 9 for ethnicity questions - and it seems to be a lot more specific in the latter case ( e.g. 
  polish ) . 
  i think it 's quite a useful question for social planning , which is the large part of what the census is for nowadays . 
  you can figure out where certain ethnicities are clustered and which are the most integrated , and where , for example , there needs to be more efforts to encourage people to learn and speak english . 
  you can also use the data to see if social problems in a certain area are disproportionately affecting people of a certain ethnicity . 
  the question 's also very wide and allows people to define their own ethnicity , so i do n't think it 's too draconian in imposing a label on people . 
  it 's worth noting that britain is perhaps something of an exception in that we 're usually asked to define ourselves by one of these categories ( e.g. 
  white british , irish , black british , etc. ), 
  in things like diversity questionnaires ( when you 're applying for a job or university ) . 
  you 'll notice that the religion question is voluntary whereas the ethnicity one is n't , perhaps there 's an argument that it should be . 
   no one here voted for the lisbon treaty actually supporting the new constitutional treaty ( as it was then called ) is on page 83 of labour 's 2005 manifesto which it was elected on . 
  also , if the eu could n't make decisions on its own composition without constant referendums in member states , then the entire point of the eu would disappear . 
  reddit 's userbase is heavily skewed towards people between 18-25 , and people who are 25 now were born in 1990-1991 so have no memory of the cold war . 
  as such i think people who do remember the cold war , especially from a european perspective , are somewhat rare on here . 
  frankly we have no idea , as we have no idea with more or less any post-brexit plans ( as no member state of any size has ever left the eu , and especially not recently ) . 
  however , the uk has had a common travel area with ireland as well as the `` island territories '' ( which are n't part of the uk ) of man , guernsey and jersey since [ 1923 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area ) . 
  it 's tempting to suggest that england and scotland would negotiate something to this end ( or scotland would just stay in the common travel area ) - i would imagine it would be a precondition of any independence agreement whether post-brexit or not . 
  then again , britain and ireland joined the eec at the same time , so there 's never been a situation where a country with eu free movement has bordered another without border controls . 
  for an example of the common travel area , there have never been border controls at the irish-northern irish ( uk ) border . 
  back in the 70s-90s it was common for british army checkpoints to be there but they were n't checking people 's passports . 
  border controls are n't really feasible either . 
  their effect on , for example , haulage would be crazy - the a1 motorway which links edinburgh to london ( crossing the border ) is more or less a one-lane road at the border ( and until it reaches newcastle ) . 
  i know it 's a short-term solution , but as the uk is at the top of your priority list , if you 're between 18 and 30 and meet certain other criteria you can apply as a taiwanese citizen for the [ tier 5 youth mobility visa ] ( https://www.gov.uk/tier-5-youth-mobility/eligibility ) . 
  this would give you two years to live and work in the uk and decide whether it 's for you , or to get a foot in the door with a view to perhaps one day getting a tier 2 visa or a marriage visa ( ... ! ), 
  it 's somewhat more complicated for you as a taiwanese applicant than it is , say , for a canadian applicant ( as you have to be sponsored , which i do n't understand as the website is in chinese ) but it 's certainly easier than getting a tier 2 . 
  [ there seems to be some kind of ballot with 1000 applications granted per year ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/world-location-news/2014-uk-youth-mobility-scheme-applications-open ) , and here it 's suggested that there are [ requirements on the taiwanese side ] ( http://findlaw.co.uk/law/immigration_emigration/work_visas/tier_5_temporary_workers/youth_mobility_scheme/30416.html ) as well , such as having served your military service if you 're male . 
  / r/london takes special pride in taking the piss out of people who ask them . 
  `` take your girlfriend up the oxo tower '' is one of their favourites . 
  then again they get about 15 `` what are the lesser known things to do in london/plan my london trip for me also i want to visit edinburgh and dublin '' questions per day so i ca n't say i blame them . 
  i also lived in two areas during my time in nice which were right next to zus ( sensitive urban area ) - cimiez , west of pasteur , which is a zus ( i used to go there to do my shopping ) and henri sappia , which is a way above the zus north of the train station . 
  the first one was just a bit run down , as you say . 
  a high immigrant population and a lot of quite bleak accommodation - i saw some photos of flats there and they really were not very nice . 
  i never had any trouble though - and i used to go there two or three times a week in the evening . 
  i 'm not sure i would have wanted to walk through there at night . 
  there was n't really anything to do there apart from a huge supermarket complex , so there were usually kids hanging around the streets . 
  the second one was hit and miss . 
  it was basically a warren of streets just north and east of the city centre that were full of run-down shops . 
  here was the only place i saw a bit of violence - i saw a guy smash the window of the tram because it tried to leave without him - and there always seemed to be a pretty heavy police presence . 
  again , sketchy , but not like a `` no-go zone '' , especially in the middle of the day . 
  it does , however , border a pretty nice area of the city at borriglione and is quite small . 
  i remember there were plenty of bars and little cafes in this area as well , and it 's where i used to go to the dentist . 
  then again , neither of these places were as desolate as some of the run down areas in places like leeds . 
  my feeling is that it 's not due to immigration or anything like that , it 's a simple question of neglect and years of lack of investment . 
  impossible to say . 
  we 'd need to know where you 're going . 
  europe is a continent of what , more than 40 countries each of which will have different rules and conditions for travelling . 
  the threat of terrorism , in the uk at least , is a tiny proportion of what it was in the 80s and 90s ( due to irish republican attacks then ) . 
  we have had one terrorist attack on a major scale since the millennium , whereas in the early nineties there were often several attacks a month . 
  when you come to london you 'll notice a heavy police presence as a deterrent . 
  it largely seems to be working .
