  take a look at the tiles . 
  is n't it absurd how shrill they look and how they contrast with the other buildings ? 
  i do n't think you 're reactionary . 
  i like contemporary architecture , but i despise most of the things built between 1945 and 1995 . 
  it 's not the present or the future we 're against . 
  we 're against a mistake that was made by ideologues in the past . 
  the point is there is one case you know of a romanian on social security , but he happens to be your obnoxious neighbour . 
  the vast majority of romanians in the west are working hard jobs to improve their lives . 
  a very small but very loud minority are a subset of the gypsies , who beg on the streets . 
  ( but not even those live on social security . ), 
  i believe you . 
  but it 's an anecdote . 
  because romanians live on your welfare systems . 
  our shepherds can take on the wolves on their own , they only need dogs for the bears . 
  ( only half exaggerating . ), 
  well there was a celtic migration to transylvania some 22 centuries ago . 
  they were defeated by burebista and probably assimilated with the dacians , but they left interesting traces in maramures . 
   and italy mocks itself wait , if that counts then romania mocks itself too . 
  you 're right there 's a good side to that . 
  at the same time they might still get loans for higher interests , the same as private debtors do . 
  agreed . 
  rosia montana , the greek crisis , and ttip are three entirely different things that she happens to care about . 
  no reason to pretend they 're the same . 
   yes , finally some european institution recommending a solution for the greek crisis which is not obviously self-defeating . 
  actually i think the bankruptcy plan is self-defeating . 
  allow states to declare bankruptcy , and you will make it so much harder for them to access credit in the first place . 
   hungary is sitting in a corner drinking ... whatever alcohol hungary has uhm ... palinka ? 
   especially the catch rate at the border would be higher now . 
  as the article clearly shows . 
  once again , the article clearly explains how the 200 were caught , and it had nothing to do with the border and everything to do with the schengen information systems , in which we participate . 
   i think this only shows why it 's preferable to keep the border controls as the catch is great . 
  except the catch did n't happen at the borders . 
  132 were caught at various places in romania , and the other 66 were caught at various places in other states . 
  this was possible precisely because romania is already partially integrated in schengen . 
   from the police cooperation standpoint , romania is a de facto member of the schengen area since november 5 2010 , the igpr asserted . 
   `` does n't contribute '' how much is it likely to contribute when we 've already had 7,000 threads about greece , often also related to stiglitz ? 
  i can see the point of calling those ` western , ' but why do you call them ` white ' ? 
  there are lots of white people in the middle east , and some of the western tradition comes from people who were n't white ( eg , mlk ) . 
  ` white ' and ` western ' are n't synonyms . 
   ` explicit nazism ' if this was a parody i would say it 's uninspired . 
  true in principle , but most tourists would n't need a romanian visa for short stays anyway . 
  what 's up with baltic men ? 
   provide information about swedish law i guess now that they know it 's against the law they will stop . 
  psd = post-social disorder, 
  the liberal-democratic-liberal-democratic alliance . 
  now with more liberty and democracy !, 
  i thought fascist and communist symbols were already banned . 
  am i missing something ? 
  do you honestly think the loans to greece will get repaid ? 
  it 's not like romania did n't already repay the debt since then . 
  loans are one thing , gifts are a different thing . 
  but punishment is not necessarily a matter of religion , it 's a matter of morality . 
  actually there were two bulgarian empires . 
  the second of them is aka vlach-bulgarian or romanian-bulgarian . 
  the first was at the end of the first millennium . 
  why are natural pesticides considered safer ? 
  they still kill after all . 
  you mean sending back the crown to hungary ? 
  crowns are symbolic , they do n't prove anything about who has the real power , which in this case was austria . 
  here 's a little reading for you . 
  there 's more to that . 
  on one hand , there were several romanian military units that were set up by the austrians ( not hungarians ) in transylvania in the eighteenth century . 
  on the other hand , everybody fought in the austro-hungarian army in wwi , but that 's because they were required by law . 
   she only ruled hungary as the queen of hungary . 
  but that was only a technicality , the same as queen victoria ruled india as an empress of india . 
  but maria theresia was n't austro-hungary , she was * austria * . 
  austro-hungary was only created in 1867 . 
  the austrian empire was one of the best things that happened to transylvania , but once the hungarians took control of these parts , it turned very oppressive . 
  austria  hungary  ottoman turkey, 
  that 's because your occupant was austria . 
  if it had been hungary , you would have been less ecstatic over it . 
  actually the romanians of transylvania were very fond of the austrian empire , possibly the only good empire ever . 
  what they did n't like was the austro - * hungarian * system that was created after 1867 . 
  the hungarian government defunded romanian and other minority schools , imprisoned people for signing petitions , shut down courts of law that did n't make the ` right ' decisions , and generally persecuted anyone who declined to renege on their cultures and ethnicities . 
   romanians disagree . 
  they do kinda disagree with everyone though . 
  everyone except for the slovaks , germans , and other ethnicities that lived in the hungarian part of the empire at the time . 
   what happened to the muslim who conquered spain and half of eastern europe during the middle age ? 
  the same as happened to the europeans who conquered india or africa . 
  those are ancient . 
  building churches in istanbul is illegal . 
   rich northern shit former empires that fucked up africa as a playtime as opposed to spain , portugal , france , and italy , who totally never did anything like that . 
  oh i see what you mean . 
   its role in a currency that is effectively artificially deflating their nominal currency to the point where they reap insane export advantages i do n't understand . 
  half the time the complainers tell me that germany is bad because it wo n't let the ecb devalue the euro . 
  the other half the time they tell me that germany is bad because it takes advantage of the devalued euro . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  you need to make up your mind what the problem is . 
  there 's a lot of people who think it would be in their better interest . 
  i incline that way too . 
   bull . 
  does anyone mentally sane believe that romanian dna `` prosecutors '' are anything but incompetent politically appointed jerks ? 
  yes , the great majority of this country . 
   it 's a hellish machine built to eliminate the inconvenient political enemies , usually the ones that opposes `` austerity '' dictated by merkel and epp . 
  the dna has been around for years , but your conspiracy theory was born while you were reading the ` arguments ' about greece . 
  make a list of all the politicians and public officials who were indicted by dna , then see how many supported austerity , how many opposed it , and how many had nothing to do with it . 
   rubbish and lies . 
  and then you go ahead and bullshit about ` traitors ' and ` voices . ', 
  is mugur isarescu also a ` voice ' ? 
  edit : you should know that ` neoliberal doctrine ' mandates lower taxes , not higher taxes .
