  i can totally understand that you do n't accept advances from horny idiots . 
  what i 'm telling you is that men , too , must deal with advances from horny female idiots , and yet this problem is almost * always * framed as something that only men do to only women . 
   i ca n't tell if you 're really knowledgable about this or really stupid . 
  myself , on the other hand , am quite convinced that * you * are rather stupid . 
   surely people from turkey are from the turkic ethnic group , something i do n't think people would consider to be white . 
  ` turkic ' is not a real ethnic group . 
  it is a language family . 
  people from turkey are descended primarily from the ancient inhabitants of anatolia , as well as from other populations from the region . 
  they are not very closely related , in an ethnic sense , to the speakers of turkic languages in central asia . 
   i mean , to put it simply , people who are ethnically turkish , there skin is not white . 
  let me put it very simply for you : 1 . nobody 's skin is white . 
  ` white ' people are either pink ( e.g. 
  in northern europe ) or light brown / olive ( e.g. 
  in southern europe ) . 
  turkish people 's skin is just as white as greeks ' , italians ' , romanians ' , or spaniards ' . 
  often , it is whiter . 
  case in point : take a look at the goddam ' picture of the idiot we 're talking about . 
  her skin is white . 
  there is plenty that you 're missing here . 
  you are totally ignorant , you do not realize how ignorant you are , and yet * you * are calling * other * people stupid . 
  you are a horrible person , and i hope this discussion will be the point in your life at which you decide to improve . 
   does turkish count as white ? 
  i totally . 
   if so , why ? 
  what kind of a question is that ? 
  do you think the only whites are brits , dutchmen , and scandinavians ? 
  you said her race made her a minority . 
  i said she 's not a racial minority in the uk , because she 's white . 
  you said she was turkish . 
  i said yes , so she 's white . 
  so as i said , white . 
  i 'm a guy and i was sexually harassed by women more than once . 
  men can ( and often do ) get stalked , harassed , slandered , libelled , assaulted , and raped by women . 
  you probably are n't aware of this , but i 'm sure that 's because you 're so oppressed . 
   nowhere has she claimed that her gender makes her a minority , only her race . 
  but her race is white . 
  it 's her being a white * woman * that allows her to claim she 's oppressed . 
   funny thing is : women are a majority . 
  even funnier thing : by the sjw definition , women are a minority . 
  why ? 
  because they do n't have power . 
  support one falsity with another falsity , wonder why everybody despises you . 
  but it 's not a `` valid '' definition , it 's just a made-up definition that allows racists to say they 're not ` racist . ', 
   being able to actually commit genocide is power . 
  yes , but being able to call for genocide and get away with it - that is also power . 
  today i heard that finland has a minister who claims he ca n't be racist by definition because he 's catholic . 
  maybe sweden . 
  there 's more than one way to be ` left ' and ` right . ', 
  this should make it clear who has all the power in the western world these days . 
  if you can call for genocide with impunity ( even if it 's a ` joke ' ) , then you are in an extraordinary position of power . 
  who said you 'd know ? 
  ( but i think the idea is the secret rules are for the governments . ), 
  i thought roma was from italy . 
   dubstep , drum & bass , rock , pop , coldplay that 's hardly what i call ` relevant culture-wise . ', 
  maybe you mean pop-culture-wise . 
  the anecdote about eating swans may have been made up by the media . 
  on the other hand it is of course true that many are begging or pickpocketing in london . 
   i am a catholic , by definition i can not be racist the sjw movement is morphing into wondrous things . 
  yep , looks like transylvania & banat got more than half of hungary beat . 
  history is interesting . 
  paris has been draining france for centuries . 
  maybe less so nowadays . 
  london is draining the whole planet . 
  it 's probably true , but that does n't mean it 's not misleading in certain ways . 
  pps statistics tell you how much you can buy in * local * goods and services . 
  the average bucharester apparently can buy more local food or taxi rides than the average berliner . 
  but it 's still possible that the average berliner can buy more trips to the baleares than the average bucharester ( do n't know if it 's true , i 'm just saying it 's possible ) . 
   if then , yes . 
  on some markets outside of europe they 're marketed as renaults or as nissans . 
  but they 're not simply renaults assembled in romania , they 're also developed in romania ( although they do reuse some renault components ) . 
  dunno but they have [ dracos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dacian_draco ) to frighten the assholes on the road . 
  it 's also because cars are n't cool anymore . 
  when you have smartphones etc. , cars are boring by comparison . 
  well , yes . 
  but ` kraut ' is an ethnic slur , and a pretty genocidal one when you think about what it means . 
  be mean to the troll , but do n't insult the whole country because of him . 
  nah , we got you all beat . 
  ah romania , an island of beer in a sea of spirits and beer !, 
  why not ? 
  being helpful is a good kind of plan . 
   obviously you do n't have the same rights as i unless you are a german citizen . 
  which he might be . 
   let alone the common currency union romania is not a part of the common currency union . 
  why do you keep bringing up new things that have no relation to your previous claims , instead of defending your previous claims ? 
  maybe that 's what he means with ` apples and oranges . ', 
   do you honestly think this helps the so-called european project ? 
  that is harder to tell , but it might be helping it . 
  keep in mind that the major economic challenge for the eu is to compete with china and other countries that employ what is basically slave labor . 
  under these circumstances , inexpensive workforce from the new eu members is an economic advantage for the entire eu . 
  now does it ` fuel resentment ' among unqualified workers in the western eu ? 
  yes , it does . 
  but those workers would be out of luck anyway . 
  they ca n't compete with china because they 're too expensive for the global market . 
  admitting that i 'm wrong about * what * , you troll ? 
   it 's also not a good thing for the poorer countries because it 's not helping them develop their economies . 
  actually it 's helping them . 
  look at the polish case in 2010 . 
  the reason why poland resisted the crisis so well was because of the money earned by polish workers abroad . 
  the same in romania . 
  we have plenty of rural , uneducated workforce that we did n't know what to do with .
