   if norway lost 30-40 % of its gdp next year , and 50 % norwegians lost their jobs , bulgaria , romania , and any country with a stable economy would be better off than them too . 
  i do n't understand how you can believe that . 
  50 % of norwegians would * feel * worse subjectively , but that does n't mean that bulgarians would be obligated to give them money . 
   you did n't because you could n't . 
  perhaps , but that 's missing the point . 
  the point is that countries are sometimes in economic free fall , but for some reason it 's only considered a humanitarian catastrophe when it happens to a ` special ' country such as greece . 
  what is the point you 're making ? 
  the context is this : our economies have been in free fall too , but we did n't blackmail an entire union of 28 states , and it would n't have been right if we did it . 
   greece 's trajectory is much more dire and in need of fixing greece 's trajectory is not pretty but it can only be fixed from within . 
  yes . 
  but what is your point ? 
  group generalizations are possibly , but not necessarily , incorrect . 
  also keep in mind that a correct generalization can still allow exceptions . 
  saying `` in general '' is not the same as saying `` every time . '', 
    is it incorrect , though ? 
   insofar that generalizing any group is . 
  in other words , it 's not necessarily incorrect . 
  what if he 's right though ? 
  if he 's telling the truth then i can understand why he 's pissed . 
  is it true that the clinic where he 's hiding is owned by erdogan 's family ? 
   they all use roads [ etc. ], 
  and they all work for small wages to build those roads . 
  the question was , will the power be abused by the prosecutors themselves ? 
   he writes about a kind if collective , unspecified , lingering guilt about something that happened to the neanderthals that humans have experienced for thousands of years neanderthals were humans too . 
  we probably ate them . 
  you mean they were immigrants ? 
  well , burning wood counts as renewable , so for some renewables it 's possible to consume them faster than they can renew themselves . 
   first of all , those sexual harassment laws are specific to the workplace and fall under labor laws , they would n't apply to someone just visiting the us . 
  you 're right . 
   more to the point , if you make a sex joke at work and someone is uncomfortable ( gender does n't matter one bit ) , you ca n't be sued for sexual harassment - unless you are asked to stop and keep doing it . 
  are you sure of that ? 
  the state can create growth at times . 
  what i 'm saying is that this is n't always possible . 
  is it an option in greece ? 
  i do n't know . 
  if the alternatives are framed as austerity vs. growth , then we 're presupposing that high public expenses always lead to growth . 
  but that is n't obvious . 
  also in greece not even growth will help unless they actually collect the taxes . 
  well cutting pensions would allow the government to keep not-collecting taxes . 
  on the other hand they could try to collect their taxes . 
  i heard syriza promised to try . 
  it 's not impossible to do . 
  if it can be done in romania , then why not in greece ? 
  the new deal was n't an order . 
  it was a strategy that worked in a certain context . 
  does greece have similar resources as the usa ? 
  i assume not . 
   i 'm far from a expert but growth can be achieved with simple measures like lowering the taxes on businesses like ireland did or improve the legislation . 
  if i understand correctly , then greek businesses already avoid paying most of their taxes , so lowering the taxes wo n't do much to help . 
  improving the legislation ? 
  maybe . 
  but only if it 's the legislation that 's your actual problem . 
  they can try to sue you for anything , but only some lawsuits will be taken up by the courts , and only some of the latter will actually by lost by you . 
  with sexual harassment , the jurisprudence says that if the ` victim ' was ` made ' to feel uncomfortable , then you lose . 
  i never said you 'd get arrested . 
  the discussion is about getting sued . 
  at least i 'm sure it 's more worrisome than the waste from nuclear power plants , which can be collected and stored ( and eventually returned to the mines where it came from ) . 
  carbon 13 is 1.1 % of all the carbon on earth . 
  up in the air , that 's worrisome to me . 
  burning coal is worse than terrible waste . 
  instead of collecting the waste you just dump it all in the atmosphere . 
  by the way coal includes carbon 13 and carbon 14 , both of which are radioactive . 
  that is very aggressive coloring , but it 's better than what we have . 
  edit : actually i did n't realize you had four links and i only clicked on ` fucking . ', 
  i agree that the other three are dumb . 
  that part is the worst part . 
  france has a long history of suppressing its cultures and ethnicities , and to an important extent they still do that . 
  looks like these self-proclaimed ` anti-racists ' are the same old nationalists who destroyed half the cultures of france . 
   the greek one suggests the following simple thing : growth will be more beneficial than austerity . 
  growth is a nice thing if you can have it , but it 's not something that can be ordered by the government . 
  especially not if it 's real growth , as opposed to real estate getting more expensive because of irresponsible lending . 
  probably , but not certainly . 
  if you make a sex joke in the presence of a woman and if she says she felt uncomfortable , then you 're guilty of sexual harassment according to us law . 
  i know it sounds too crazy to be true , so feel free to double-check . 
   state owned companies inevitably go down the drain all companies eventually go down the drain . 
  but state-owned romgaz and nuclearelectrica have n't gone down the drain yet . 
  human rights do n't include moving to any country that is convenient . 
  i know it should n't why not ? 
   it 's borderline unethical to pass a law that will mostly affect the part of the population that ca n't vote yet but we do that all the time . 
  we have laws about education , about childcare , or about environmental policy . 
  many of those affect primarily those who can not vote yet . 
  but you would n't impose the new law retroactively on people who have already been working for a while . 
  it would only go into effect for those currently below a certain age , e.g. 
  look at the twenty-year-olds of today , who were raised by so-called helicopter parents . 
  they received what is best described as extraordinarily ` adequate ' upbringings , and that 's why they ca n't cope with real life . 
  as a college teacher you have to be * very * careful when you let one of them know that their answer was wrong . 
  the best upbringing is a lot less harsh than disney 's , but it 's a lot less pampering and time-consuming than what people do today . 
  parenting does n't have to take as much time as it does . 
  four-month-olds do n't need to go to ` music school ' ( that 's an extreme example , but it happens ) . 
   even people that do have kids nowadays end up not being adequate parents i think we might be exaggerating how much it takes for ` adequate . ', 
  look at walt disney 's childhood , and apparently it was still adequate . 
   and the problem with irrationally high financial compensation is that it 's , well , irrational . 
  it does n't have to be irrational . 
  here 's the rational way to do it : make retirement pensions depend on the number of your children , and on how well-educated they grew up . 
  if there are n't enough young people in the future who can work , then your pension wo n't be worth anything anyway . 
  so it only makes sense . 
  actually , i am interested in the hairstyles of male cosmonauts . 
  i wish more people paid attention . 
  ( and i 'm not even gay . ), 
  yes , the heritage thing is a serious problem .
