  that is for the year 2014 . 
  the estimates i linked to are for the year-on-year growth as measured in q1 2015 . 
   gdp is how much money the government takes in , is n't it ? 
  no , not at all . 
  gdp is intended to measure the entire economic value that is generated within an economy . 
  tax revenue is only part of that . 
  true that . 
  was it fundies or feminists ? 
  it was n't me who had downvoted you , but anyway here 's the problem with your comment : i was asking you about the austrian period , which began between 1690-1711 and ended 1867 , and you replied about the previous period , the one that * ended * in 1690-1711 . 
   during that period transylvania enjoyed the greatest degree of independence from ottoman/habsburg influence habsburg being just about the same as austrian , you clearly did n't understand my question . 
  are you counting the austrian period as hungarian ? 
  that 's an interesting concept of hungary you have . 
  ireland 's current figure is 4.1 % , romania 's is 4.3 % : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/gdp-growth-annual, 
  but is all of that real , or is half of it income reported for taxing purposes in ireland by multinationals that eventually send the money somewhere else ? 
  edit : downvote question , nevermind the answer . 
  nice approach . 
   thank you greece for making history more interesting . 
  thank you greece for making europe . 
  a better write-up here : http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/241889-romania-defending-ukraines-cyberspace, 
  is that year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter ? 
  the quarter-on-quarter figure in romania is 1.6 % . 
  people in this thread are getting trolled hard . 
   by real life standards racial obscenities are a petty annoyance suppose you 're right : what is the point you 're trying to make ? 
  in this case we 're discussing ` real actions , ' not just speech . 
   `` i am particularly interested in looking at the gendered body in japanese pornographic anime and horror through a foucauldian framework in order to analyse the west 's gaze upon a world it attempts to categorize , '' translation : i like to look at japanese porn through a western framework in order to look at sex , which i do n't understand . 
  well , yes . 
  but it was in reply to a point that had been made by somebody else . 
  interesting interpretation . 
  to be honest i am blaming * one * turk , namely this person from london . 
  the rest is just a discussion of hypothetical arguments that * are fallacious * . 
   where do they hang out ? 
  hangout no . 
  1 : academia . 
   i should have clarified - sexually harassed . 
  i do n't have time to participate in the thread anymore , but this bit is important . 
  yes , i did mean sexually harassed . 
  i was sexually harassed by multiple women both at work ( where it 's disturbing ) , or in clubs or sometimes on the street , where i do n't actually care much unless they 're seriously crazy . 
   man , not on reddit they ai n't . 
  but most of us do n't live on reddit , we just come here for conversation . 
  reddit is like heading to the pub . 
   if they insult you there 's good chance they 'll attack you too ? 
  well yes . 
  if somebody shouts insults at me in the street , and if i talk back , then i know i can expect this to turn into physical violence . 
  i do n't know why you think i 'm equating average racists with neo-nazis . 
  all i 'm saying is that you get into an argument if you take chances . 
  not surprisingly i 'm not entirely convinced by everything you say , because you say many things . 
  for instance :  i do n't have to worry about the people making laws having a complete and total misunderstanding of how my biological system works . 
  but there are still many jurisdictions where people believe that men ca n't be raped because they think if you have an erection that means you want , and consent to , having sex . 
  in fact , as you know , erection is often involuntary . 
  for instance if someone holds a gun to your head and forces you to take viagra , you will have an erection . 
  even if your erection is because you 're turned on , that does n't mean you actually consent to having sex . 
  ( getting turned on can still be involuntary . ), 
   people take me seriously when i speak ... except when they tell you to ` check your privilege , ' or dismiss you because you 're white or because you 're a man . 
   i 'm not harassed on the streets . 
  that 's good for you , but sometimes i am . 
  ( yes , by women . 
  no , it 's not a big deal normally . ), 
   i 'm not seen as a trophy to be won by women . 
  is that good or bad ? 
   women get rammed by society much worse than men do . 
  that is very dubious . 
  young women these days get better education , better jobs , and way better legal rights and protections . 
  i do n't doubt that in some ways it may be preferable to be a man , but overall i 'd honestly prefer if i was born a woman . 
   majority and minority are being used in a different way than their standard dictionary definition . 
  it happens quite a bit . 
  yes , it happens quite a bit , and it 's a dumb trick premised on the assumption that we wo n't notice . 
   there 's more poor people than rich people , but the rich still have power . 
  certainly , but the poor are still not a ` minority . ', 
   but i still benefit from being a male despite there being more women . 
  i 'm curious , how do you benefit from being a male , and do you think the benefits outweigh the drawbacks ? 
  because being a male is not all roses and unicorns . 
  i have met many sjws in real life . 
  you probably do n't live or work where they hang out . 
   people with empathy i swear to you i have seen them operate in real life and they do * not * have empathy . 
  they think the end justifies the means and it does n't matter whose rights they violate , how badly they violate them , how much pain and harm they cause , as long as they achieve their political goals . 
  that could be what she means , you 're right . 
  still , i 've met people both online and irl who told me in so many words that ` women are a minority because they do n't have power . ', 
  this is a very widespread idea , and if you asked her , she would probably agree . 
  i realize that 's what many of them think . 
  i 'm just saying it 's dumb . 
  in two decades from now everybody will look back in incomprehension . 
  true but that still leaves the great majority of white british people , who were piss-poor during the imperial period . 
  i should make a note to remind you you said that twenty years from now . 
  her ` disabilities ' probably include a cluster b personality disorder . 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  let me reformulate . 
   in which way has the british empire benefited romanians , who are white ? 
   in which way has the ottoman empire 's rule benefited an average turk 's standing in a modern day society , anywhere in the world ? 
  but ca n't you ask the same kind of question about almost everybody ? 
  in which way has the british empire benefited white romanians ? 
  ( the answer being , of course , in no way whatsoever . ), 
  thanks for sharing . 
  the explanation is , of course , bonkers . 
  racial obscenities are not a petty annoyance . 
  it is also not true that you can tell them to fuck off and ` they ca n't do shit ' -- if they can insult you then there 's also a good chance they can attack you . 
  and it 's not true that random persons on twitter ca n't do anything . 
  they can form online lynch mobs that have been highly effective in destroying people 's lives . 
  history is history . 
  if she gets to invoke history to justify present-day prejudice and discrimination , then i can do that too . 
  ( and i can probably do it better . ),
