   people can always refuse working for a certain wage and find a higher paying job in lala land you can always find a better paying job . 
  in reality , not always . 
  what happens when all companies pay the same wages ? 
  the minimum wage is the same for private and public . 
  2006-2008 were crazy years all over the world . 
  we should n't try to repeat them . 
  mostly good , it allows us to keep the public debt down . 
  when send more money abroad then you receive , then you need to finance from somewhere , and that 's presumably from debt , or maybe through inflation . 
  what is your argument ? 
  that i should n't be worried or upset about a powerful politician from greece because vadim ? 
  what does that old fart have to do with anything these days ? 
  frankly our labor costs are too low at the moment . 
  wages could double and we would still have competitive exports ( but companies would make lower profits ) . 
  i still want it . 
  of course i also prefer if the ez gets the common fiscal policy working before we join . 
  their entire behavior betrays it . 
  but arguing in terms of other countries and pretending that greece has a naturally superior claim to the eu 's money , that * is * racist . 
  true that . 
  and as it turns out , more than 10 % of it will go to greece , which is only 2 % of the union 's population . 
   we got it , you are the poorest in eu actually we are n't . 
  that many of them think they 're naturally superior to bulgarians , romanians , turks , or croatians . 
  i do n't understand the reasoning . 
  if they juncker fund is in the agreement , then it 's part of what we 're talking about . 
  35 billion euro is more investment funding from the eu then romania gets in decades , and we 're almost twice as large . 
  squared ? 
    i want my country to be ran from brussels . 
   ok . sure . 
  no , that is totally true . 
  i want that too . 
   we do n't . 
  most recent projects but other projects , a bit less recent , such as ` autrostrada transilvania ' . 
   do you believe that this agreement will boost any economy ? 
  i do n't think it 's supposed to ` boost ' the economy . 
  it 's supposed to deflate the economic bubble safely until you 're at a point where you can start growing . 
   it is not 86 billion that are floating into the greek economy no , but it is nevertheless 35 billion of investment that they 're getting from the juncker fund . 
   nobody can possibly be jealous of that agreement i take it you mean nobody in germany . 
  they certainly do n't , but if i were the governor of nearly 40 % of romania , then you would n't dismiss my statements just because ` they do n't generalize . ', 
  when politicians make public statements , especially in the international media , those statements are taken to represent these politicians ' electorates . 
  you 're changing the subject . 
  my wish for croatian-level wages is merely to illustrate that croatian wages are n't as bad as kosovo - and bringing up kosovo was another way you tried to change the subject . 
  why are you making all these efforts to avoid a discussion of the topic at hand ? 
  why not simply not post in the thread ? 
   find it strange if we are left outside of europe while our neighbouring countries are participating but your neighboring countries are n't participating any more than greece is . 
  they 're not in the schengen space ( greece is ) . 
  they 're not in the eurozone ( greece is ) . 
  they have n't received cohesion funding for more than a third of a century ( greece has ) . 
  turkey , albania , and macedonia are n't even in the eu in the first place . 
  if greece had left the eurozone , it would still have been participating more than its neighbors . 
  the last part sounds like google translate . 
  i agree about the average wages in kosovo , but she is talking about * croatia * . 
  have you seen the average wages in croatia ? 
  i wish my country had those averages . 
  that 's another superiority issue . 
  they think if they vote a certain way in a referendum then the only democratic thing is for europe to do as they say , as if greeks were the only voters who matter and other countries did n't have voters too . 
  an election is a poll , and this governor is one of syriza 's most important politicians . 
  depends on the generalization . 
  this woman is the syriza governor of your largest province ( nearly half the country ) . 
  syriza won the elections and then they won a crushing victory in the referendum only a few days ago . 
  clearly her thoughts are no unrepresentative of a majority of the greek electorate . 
  edit : for instance , if your premise is that the romanian pm is corrupt , and your conclusion is that romania has a widespread corruption problem , then i will agree that your reasoning is pretty plausible . 
  ( it 's not ` certain ' ( nothing is ) , but it 's pretty likely . ), 
  here 's another remarkable quote from the same interview :  we 're not going to find a solution if the plan is for pensions and wages in my country to go down to the same level as croatia or other balkan countries . 
  why not ? 
  is n't greece a balkan country too ? 
  what makes them so superior ? 
  why is it so obvious that greeks should be much wealthier than croatians ? 
  most people in greece . 
  i find it astonishing that they * still * think of themselves as europe 's master race . 
  it 's not even wannabe-communism in this case . 
  if syriza wanted communism , they would confiscate some of the assets of rich greeks . 
   our parliament recently proposed a law which decriminalizes every corruption act as long as it was done by a present or former mp . 
  i am happy to report that this is n't true . 
  ( at least not yet . ), 
  what they 're trying to decriminalize is conflicts of interests , not every corruption deed in general . 
  but none of them had a loan-based gdp like greece . 
  but their governments had no choices in 2010 and in 2012 . 
  just like obama , who did similar things with the american banks , they were in a situation where the entire global economy was threatening to go to shambles . 
  nowadays it 's not like that anymore , and that 's why the governments are no longer that happy about another bailout . 
  interesting . 
  however i would guess that being more competitive on external markets would provide some economic incentive to overcome some of the hurdles you mention . 
  i sure hope so because otherwise i truly see no way out of the mess . 
  greece was one of the victims , i agree . 
  the eurozone tax payers were also victims , because they 're the ones who funded the bailout . 
  exactly . 
  when it comes to legislation and diplomacy , semantics is paramount . 
  trolling is like bad karma , it feeds on itself . 
   you should n't . 
  like i told you above , germany has profited massively from using a common currency . 
  i do n't understand whose ` side ' you 're on . 
  i 'm sure germany can survive with fewer exports to greece . 
  and in any case that would n't be the most urgent concern . 
  the most urgent concern is to stabilize greece , and there seems to be no way to do that without a devalued currency . 
  we 're not talking about a robbery , that was only an illustration to make a point about victimhood . 
  we are talking about greece taking the stability of the entire union hostage . 
  it 's not ` the end ' unless we fuck up . 
  it 's an argument . 
  every relationship has arguments . 
  the successful relationships are the ones that can navigate these arguments successfully . 
  ` certain ' : it was n't certain , and it does n't even seem that it happened in the end . 
  ` multi-vectored ' : all of it was in fact based on oil and gas .
