  they were probably re-weaponized . 
  romania still operates some 30 of them , though they 're due to be replaced with f-16s next year . 
  well , both nations are from earth , so yeah , nothing new under the sun . 
  source : i 'm from earth, 
  the problem is that the first lot of people you describe is far more numerous than the second lot . 
  i ca n't find the survey now , but czech attitudes toward romania are far worse than toward any other european country . 
  not unless you interpret the second as an all-or-nothing statement . 
  romania , too , opposed the invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  in return , contemporary chechs and slovaks like to pretend that romanians are good-for-nothing thieves . 
  all i can say is count me out next time . 
  edit slovaks, 
  the troops at srebenica were un , not nato . 
  you should get your things straight before you wield heavy accusations like that . 
   bucovina was , is and will be moldova . 
  how does that refute what i said ? 
  most of contemporary transylvania is economically in the same league as most of contemporary hungary , and far more tolerant and democratic . 
  thrace is in europe , so why not ? 
  cyprus , i agree there , it 's in asia . 
  of the examples you give , bosnia is clearly not in central europe , but hungary and poland clearly are . 
  the southern ` frontier ' of central europe is somewhere on a line from zagreb to belgrade . 
  of course there 's also a lot of balkan in there , but these frontiers are vague . 
   alps = central europe . 
  central europe is more or less the same as ` mitteleuropa ' , which is roughly the part of the world where german used to be lingua franca . 
  transylvania fits that description , as do hungary , slovakia , poland , and other places that have nothing to do with the alps . 
  us is right on freedom to pursue life 's goals . 
  germany is right that success in life is determined by forces outside our control . 
  france on right on morality and belief in god . 
   insist that romania is a balkan country . 
  i 've no problem with that . 
  southern romania is first of all in the balkans , moldova is first of all in eastern europe , and transylvania is first of all in central europe . 
  but all three romanian regions belong to some degree to all three european regions i mentioned . 
  also , to get precise , banat is half-balkan-half-central-europe , and bucovina is half-central-half-eastern . 
  the one where you quote a blog as saying that ethnic hungarians were 19.3 of the romanian population in 1919 . 
   in some universities you can study hungarian literature and culture that is an understatement . 
  you can study lots of subjects in hungarian , not just literature and culture : http://www.ubbcluj.ro/en/programe_academice/licenta/licenta_specializari, 
  the blog you are quoting has the numbers wrong . 
  it claims that in 1919 there were 19.3 % hunagarians nationwide in romania , which is absurd , as you can easily see when the same blog claims that there were 29 % hungarians in transylvania and 23 % in crisana and maramures . 
  considering that these regions together had far less than one half the population of romania , there 's no way to get to 19.3 % nationwide . 
  he is questioning your reasoning and your language . 
   19.3 % nationwide in 1930 those were all the minorities together , not the hungarians . 
  keep in mind that we used to have very large german and jewish populations . 
  in romanian we say ` inorog . ', 
  funny i could have googled it but then what 's the fun ? 
   them not paying taxes is a separate issue to them loaning money . 
  it is a very related issue . 
  if you do n't pay taxes then you ca n't operate for a profit . 
  does your nick mean unicorn ? 
  i thought that was actually pre-celtic peoples , so-called ` iberians . ', 
  immigrants ... 
  indo-european languages do n't come from india . 
  actually he was elected . 
  those were rediscovered/reinvented independently . 
   educated in this context just means ` having received an education ' yes , but that is more than simply having a diploma from a sham college . 
  i have met many americans , most of them leftists . 
  trust me , / u/anonymouswabofnit is not the general example . 
  he is a lone lunatic . 
  and the latin americans supposedly call us hermanitos = little brothers . 
  most polish people despise the roma rather badly , so of course they offend us when they mistake us for the roma . 
  this is not to say that i condone their ( and others ' ) attitude toward the roma , which is simplistic and bigoted . 
  but your reasoning is also simplistic . 
  that 's what it looks like . 
  in my version of romanian , that 's two syllables . 
  your phrasing sounds like a latvian joke . 
  i never heard that saying . 
  how many syllables does it have ? 
  to me it sounds like two : da-cia . 
  the `` i '' is a semi-vowel , not completely silent , not completely voiced . 
  unless north korea gets in , we will always be considered the black sheep . 
  do n't ask why , i do n't know either . 
  which is still not oil . 
  what you mean is , there was no polish state . 
  but what about poland itself ? 
  / s seriously , i 'm not blaming poland for jack the ripper . 
  still , czech people were angry when some folks in the usa mistook them for czeczens after the boston bombings , and i ca n't even imagine the outrage if that trend had persisted . 
  should n't that give them pause ? 
  that 's because they 're ignorant racists . 
  yes , as i was saying in another comment , my friend did n't grow up in poland . 
  to be clear , my friend did n't grow up in poland , and he knows his history from books . 
  maybe in poland they mention it in school . 
  i have a polish friend who is obsessed with polish history and who was still surprised to hear that . 
  in fact , he even contradicted me . 
  is he a complete and utter ignorant ? 
  that is an interesting anecdote , but judging by the data in the report , i would think twice before going . 
  well , then you should also have an issue with one group , because that is the first step toward having two of them . 
  the point is that those ` young countergroups , ' too , would be what you call ' a bunch of young people , ' so by your own principles you should say ` who cares . ', 
  someone seems to be missing the point ... 
   the romanian principalities did not send boys/young men to the ottoman empire yes they did . 
  every year , as part of the tribute . 
  when you say nothing bad would happen to me , you probably mean that i would n't be physically agressed . 
  that is not the only bad thing that can happen to one . 
  it 's also quite bad when people suddenly change their attitude and treat you like garbage when they learn your country of origin , especially when neither you nor your country did them any harm . 
  i understand very well what [ you ] edit : culmensis said the first time . 
  i realize that poles think romanians * are * gypsies . 
  that is precisely why their negative attitude is also an attitude against romanians , and not just against the roma . 
  once again , if i despised russians , and i thought poles were russians , then i would also dislike poles . 
  it would be a fallacy , or a joke , to say ` no he actually likes poles , he just does n't know it  ', 
  no , actually it 's a lot better . 
  they do have jobbik who are fucked in the head , but in any case the average hungarian is fully aware that we are n't beggars . 
  many hungarians have traveled to romania , and even otherwise we have good relations with them , if you forget for a moment about the nationalism issues . 
  well to be honest i would shy away from traveling to poland , and can you blame me ?
