  if anyone is doing any ` scheming , ' that is syriza : 1 . organized bogus referendum on proposal that was n't even on the table anymore 2 . campaigned for ` no ' vote 3 . decided to ignore the ` no ' vote as soon as it was over , switched to ` yes ' side and made it even more austere than the initial proposal they rejected . 
  that 's either scheming or pure confusion . 
   money to greece ? 
  that 's not solidarity in the eu !, 
  why not ? 
   it was solidarity when the rest of europe decided to forgive germany for their crimes and give them debt relief . 
  that was solidarity too , but it was far from disinterested . 
  they did that so they could use west germany in the front line of the cold war ( and keep in mind the cold war could always have turned very hot and very nuclear , and that would have been in germany ) . 
  i ca n't believe that is a serious question . 
  the eu is the creation of germany and france . 
  they are the countries we should all be grateful to . 
   and germany is oh so great at forgetting all the good things the eurozone did for her . 
  if you really think they 're forgetting that , then you 'd expect them to leave the euro and go back to the d. mark . 
  practically all of the eu has gotten those benefits . 
  look at ireland , look at poland , look at spain , belgium , or romania . 
  greece also threatened to veto the 2004 expansion unless it included cyprus . 
  cyprus is a country with a frozen conflict that will sooner or later blow into the face of the entire eu . 
  there is a much greater possibility that italy will become greece if greece has its way . 
  if we allowed greece to have its way , then it would only be fair for italians to demand the same . 
   if the benefit that germany receives hinders other countries however it undermines the eurozone ( and eu ) * if * . 
  but how do we know that this is actually the case ? 
  so far all i 've seen is people from other countries being jealous . 
  ten years ago everybody was drunk on the credit bubble except germany . 
  all of europe was having very high growth rates , but not germany . 
  people were gloating and calling germany ` the sick man of europe . ', 
  then it turned out that germany was right to stay out of the bubble and to take care of the basics instead . 
  everybody tanked , but not germany . 
  and now who are we supposed to blame ? 
  germany !, 
  after the euro was introduced germany had a very rough period during which it was dubbed ` the sick man of europe . ', 
  a lot of ordinary germans blamed it on the euro . 
  now they 've been having seven good years , and a lot of non-germans ` blame ' it on the euro . 
  people seem to use the euro to explain whatever they do n't like . 
  your first two points are probably correct about every country , but i disagree that germany is ` tanking the ez . ', 
  if the euro is going to be a success , that is because ez countries will create a shared set of binding policies to ensure stability . 
  if greece does n't play along with that , then there 's no way to save the euro then by allowing greece to do what 's best for it anyway , namely printing its own currency and devaluing it . 
  ordoliberalism is hayekian ? 
  i 'd have though hayek was right-wing libertarian . 
  slovakia is too small to make proposal in public , but i 'm sure they are heard in private . 
  so austerity worked in estonia , slovakia , ireland , or romania , but it did n't work in greece . 
  is it austerity , or is it greece ? 
  i agree that war is n't always rational . 
  that 's why robert schuman said that the purpose of united europe was to make war not merely unthinkable ( irrational ) , but materially impossible . 
  in the eu we have gigantic diasporas all around . 
  we have tons of companies that depend on other eu countries for every single heartbeat . 
  we have a gigantic shared infrastructure on which every country depends ( e.g. , access to sea ports for landlocked nations ) . 
  if an eu country were to go to war within the eu , it would kill yourself in a single day . 
  yes , i think it matters , because the finns have their rights just as everybody . 
  you want to make this look like it 's only the true finns , who are a bunch of fools . 
  but there are lots of very reasonable people in europe , probably a good majority of europe , who do not want greece to get its way , because they see that as tantamount to appeasing a bandit . 
  perhaps they would n't dare to * do * it , but that would still be their preference . 
  apparently you think it would be nice if finland and slovakia did n't dare to stand up for themselves , when finland is going down and slovakia is in fact poorer than greece . 
  edit : this is not a matter of ` right ' and ` wrong . ', 
  it is a matter of making value-based choices . 
  he is talking about the * european project * . 
  this project is , at the deepest level , the project of forging a common identity for the people of europe . 
  such an identity involves having shared values and principles . 
  those values and principles are at issue in the current crisis . 
  this crisis is n't just about money and politics , it 's also about justice and fairness . 
  there are different views on this issue within europe . 
  a majority seems to believe that greece must bear most of the costs for its misdeeds . 
  there is also a vocal minority who disagrees . 
  both the majority and the minority are european . 
  these are the people who get to decide what the european project is , because the european project is the europeans ' project . 
  you 're looking at the past five years , but you should also look at the previous thirty . 
   what is happening today though is germany wants to acquire greece . 
  it 's hard to see what they would do that for . 
  if they were in the business of acquiring countries , then why not acquire something more promising , like estonia ? 
  easy : americans regard themselves as a single nation . 
  europeans do n't regard themselves as a single nation . 
  eu states are sovereign and independent . 
  us states are neither of those . 
  to illustrate the degree of interdependence that we 're talking about , look at the european coal and steel community , which was only the beginning of the eu . 
  there was nothing like the coal and steel community before the world wars . 
  but why germany and not , e.g. , finland or the netherlands or slovakia ? 
  those countries are even more hard-line than germany , but everyone prefers to hate on germany . 
   and what brought democracy to southern , eastern , and central europe ? 
  european unification . 
    that is pretty presumptuous , almost colonial thinking . 
  `` these savages could never become peaceful and industrious without our divine intervention '' . 
  you seem to think i 'm western european , but i am actually romanian . 
  i have seen how enormously democracy and the rule of law have profited , and still profit , in my country from the eu . 
  i also happen to know my history . 
  i know that spain adopted a democratic system * because * it wanted to join the ec . 
   kosovo and bosnia are excellent examples why ? 
  why not poland and romania ? 
  why not portugal and spain ? 
  why pick exactly the places that suit your argument , places that are n't even in the eu in the first place ? 
   and movement agreements when you sneak in movement agreements , your argument becomes stronger . 
  but keep in mind that movement agreements are * precisely * the thing that worst pisses off the ukip supporters . 
   today the germans came to the meeting with a half-baked , illegal , impossible ` temporary grexit ' plan a ; or plan b , ` give up 50bn in assets to a trust fun for fireside sale , and submit for our approval all your legislative items ' . 
  i know you will probably hate me for this , but that sounds like the first reasonable proposal anybody ever made . 
  it 's clear that greece needs a currency it can denominate , and it 's clear that greece ca n't pay their debt from incomes during the next few years . 
  now is the proposal legal given the treatises ? 
  that remains to be seen . 
  that 's because of the way the analogy works . 
  scotland is in the uk ( which is mostly england ) . 
  the uk is in the eu . 
  scotland wanted ( or not ) to leave the uk . 
  the uk wants ( or not ) to leave the eu .
