  we would have to more or less abandon a lot of written cultures . 
  yes , it 's probably guaranteed . 
  but still , there * would * be advantages if everything was in the same language . 
  what he says is it would be good if everybody spoke the same dialect of the same language . 
  not : if everybody spoke different dialects of the same language . 
  pretty sure he did n't say everybody in the world should speak german . 
  i 'm inclined to sympathize with the preservationist approach , but honestly i disagree that languages are different ways to see and understand the world . 
  that goes double for dialects of the same language , where the major differences are things like phonetics or using different articles for the same nouns . 
  but if he just quit then the implication would be that he 's giving up on this cabinet . 
  i 'm pretty sure he did n't destroy his career . 
  this guy is pretty smart and he probably made the statement on purpose so he would have a pretext to leave the government . 
  the government is in bad shape these days because of the ponta corruption affair , so i 'm not surprised if rus wants to leave . 
  / u/strukkstar did n't say it was non-violence . 
  android imsi-catcher detector https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdfilter=imsi&amp;fdid=com.secupwn.aimsicd, 
  true , that 's a good nuance . 
  the nationalists are actually ( or were ) far more anti-kurdish . 
  it makes sense . 
  they want you to be inclusive with them , but they want turkey to be un-inclusive with kurds , alevis , and in general everyone of whose existence they do n't approve . 
  i know that 's what you meant , i just think it 's important to make it explicit . 
  this submission is labeled ' 2014 , ' but actually the data is from different years depending on the country . 
  that way of comparing is meaningless . 
  wikipedia has data from 2014 here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage, 
   tell a mediocre nobody with a smidgen of education/wealth that they are going to be a powerful person in charge of an ideology that only the faithful , intelligent , etc understand -- w / accoutrements like slaves sounds like sjws except the parts about faith and slaves . 
  once again that 's not so obvious . 
  imports can be used to make exports , or they can be used for consumption . 
  if you simply reduce the imports you ca n't expect the other terms to stay the same just like that . 
  that of wrong . 
  i read through the whole list and you must know that not all of your claims are n't true . ^ / s, 
  but i do n't think they 're all necessary at once . 
  even half of that would still have an important impact . 
  if you ask me to * guess * , i 'd say 5 % growth for 5 years in a row is not impossible . 
  there are some things that should make it easy : * less corruption * less tax dodging * lower taxes * better absorption of european funds * slowly but surely increased minimum wage ( which is good in our case ) * in a few years , better transport infrastructure * also in a few years , new oil & gas exploitations edit : on the other hand if ponta stays in power and continues to sabotage key projects like pitesti-sibiu and to undermine the anti-corruption campaign , then who knows ? 
   decrease our imports i 'm not sure there 's a clear correlation between decreased imports and increased gdp . 
  maybe on the contrary . 
  that 's why i picked it . 
  that 's not what i have in mind . 
  i have met turks who are very clearly european , even if they happen to be from izmir , which is on the asian continent . 
  on the other hand most of turkey is only ` european ' in a very superficial way . 
   the point about natural things being good is that we know all about the vast majority of natural things by now so we know what is good and bad that 's not very obvious . 
  are eggs good or bad ? 
  there are european turks . 
  there are non-european turks . 
  i think it 's more complicated than either you or / u/dances _ with_unicorns sees it . 
  2007-2008 growth was driven by cheap credits and real estate speculation more than by real economic activity . 
  that 's why we lost most of it so easily in 2009-2010 . 
  we do have a lot to grow until we catch up with poland or the czech republic . 
  as for the west , we will never catch up with them , except maybe for portugal or so . 
   i went a couple pages back in his post history . 
  he lives in the usa . 
  that does n't make him an economic migrant . 
  maybe he studies there , or maybe he 's representing a company from romania , etc. 
  on the other hand if he works there for a local company , then he 's an inconsistent dumbass like most other people . 
  edit : still you have n't explained the part where your imaginary romanian claimed not to be an immigrant because of free movement . 
  is that a real quote or are you making it up ? 
  language . 
  is that good or bad ? 
  the typical grocery store in the us reminds me of romanian stores from the nineties . 
  sixteen-year olds should n't be allowed to die for their countries either . 
   property owned before someone is a person who ought be voting surely that ca n't go wrong , giving all the political power to the landlords . 
  politics can even be about animals , not to mention children , but we do n't give voting rights to cats and dogs . 
  i know romanians and i know americans . 
  the average romanian has a much stronger mean-world syndrome than the average american . 
  also , the american authorities are typically * much * better than the romanian authorities ( maybe cops and some of the judges and das are an exception ) . 
  yes , there will always be injustice , and anybody who thinks they can * end * injustice is a dangerous fanatic . 
  but injustice comes in degrees , and i tell you it has a very bad effect on students if certain of their classmates pass their exams by bribing the examiners . 
  we will never end injustice completely , but we have lots of room to improve . 
   poverty is related to the very low wages . 
  do you really think the wages will also go up ? 
  definitely . 
  not overnight , but they would go up . 
  why ? 
  well for one thing , on the medium term , if these people do n't get bribes any more , then either they can negotiate better wages , or many of them will leave and work in western europe . 
  on the longer term , you get : better education , safer roads , better urbanism , several other similar benefits . 
  very importantly , you reduce the perpetual mean-world syndrome that people in these countries suffer from . 
  when you 're surrounded by injustice everywhere , then you become cynical , pessimistic , and uncooperative . 
  many people in these circumstances become corrupt themselves . 
  no , honestly , * you * are silly . 
  you are going out of your way to misunderstand . 
  if the only low-level corruption was traffic cops getting bribes , then we 'd be in much better shape . 
  but it 's also other cops getting bribes , and teachers , and local administrations , and so on . 
  a lot of low-level corruption adds up to a lot of damage . 
  it 's a symptom but it 's not * just * a symptom . 
  it is also a cause . 
   low-level corruption is just a symptom of poverty . 
  it 's not * just * a symptom . 
  if you ca n't enforce the laws because your cops are corrupt , then you ca n't have a functioning society . 
  if you 're referring to the haplotype distribution , it 's important to keep in mind that the way they are labelled is fairly conventional and it can do more to confuse than to explain . 
  in practice no eu member is landlocked . 
  it 's incredible how stupid everyone was in that war . 
  also it 's not entirely possible that the eu might disintegrate . 
  let 's hope not , because that would be an unimaginable catastrophe everywhere from sofia to amsterdam . 
  well , in the year 2000 the hungarian figure was 75.8 % larger than the romanian figure . 
  in 2014 , the hungarian figure is only 26.5 % higher . 
  clearly we 've caught up , though not completely . 
  but here 's an even better way to look at it : gdp ppp per capita is actually * higher * nowadays in transylvania and in banat than in all of eastern and southern hungary . 
  actually the differences are n't as large as you 'd think . 
   although in a rather rude way well that 's what happens when you call people stupid ... 
  if you 're not talking about numbers , then do n't use numeric vocabulary such as ` majority ' or ` minority . ', 
  or iraq pre-war . 
  the sunni arabs were clearly not the majority against the shias and the kurds .
