  we should have fewer students in high schools , not more . 
  i know , i know , i 'm just saying that 's what they seem like when you get your impressions from business interactions . 
  see the whole brouhaha about greece . 
  with a generation of turbomorons we would n't afford blackboards either . 
  unfortunately these are also the reasons why many people ( incorrectly ) perceive them as cold . 
  i think it 's totally possible to get worse . 
  do n't forget that the pisa study only comprises 1/3 of the world 's countries , and almost all of the other 2/3 would probably score lower than the lowest pisa score . 
   on the other hand , i am not sure if the german government has behaved like assholes . 
  it 's mostly a problem of style . 
  i do n't think they 're assholes , but unfortunately many germans have a way of coming across as cold and arrogant . 
  yes , it 's not what they are like . 
  but that 's the impression they give . 
  not every thread must be about greece . 
  if by ` improve ' you mean making tons of little turboconservatives . 
  i think they said they wanted some debt relief too . 
  it was a rhetorical joke , and no i 'm not german . 
  because all the western media is controlled by murdoch . 
   you do know that the intent of genocide is the total destruction of an ethnicity , right ? 
  not necessarily . 
  the intent can also be to lower the numbers of that ethnicity , or to remove it from a particular area . 
  turkey has an extremely useful strategic position . 
  that 's why they get away with humungous amounts of crap . 
   lol no inernational court said that was genocide . . 
  so theres no genocide . 
  quality moral reasoning right here . 
   the first romanian language school was only founded in 1818 that was the first in wallachia . 
  in transylvania there were romanian language schools much earlier . 
  there are some differences in grammar though . 
  for instance oltenia is the only region that retains the perfect simple . 
  ( in other regions it is only used in literary narratives . ), 
  edit : also muntenia has a habit of using the 3rd person singular form of verbs both for singulars and plurals . 
  that is a glaring grammatical variation . 
  then there are some well-preserved dialects in rural areas , for instance in maramures . 
  ( if you 've never heard that before , there 's a good chance you wo n't understand half of it . ), 
  edit # 2 : then there are the phonetic variations . 
  there are variations of romanian that sound to foreigners like russian ( eg in moldavia ) . 
  there are also variations that sound more like italian ( banat , southern transylvania , northern muntenia ) . 
  russian and italian are very far apart , so if your phonetics are as different as that , then you might as well recognize the distinct dialects . 
  the problems were n't overlooked , they were assigned to the so-called cooperation and verification mechanism , which is still ongoing in both countries . 
  what would that restructuring consist in ? 
  there are mountains of unpaid taxes in greece . 
  if the government decided to pick on the opposition media on the pretext of taxes , that would be obvious harassment . 
  if that 's the worst they did then i 'm not convinced . 
  that 's the kind of thing journalists do all the time . 
  of course it 's wrong , but of all the wrong-doing in greece , it is strange that the government should decide to focus precisely on this . 
   if greece , spain , italy , portugal and cyprus were to leave , germany would basically get handed the entire eurozone debts good to see you have a healthy sense of justice . 
  i think they 're obligated by their treatises to stay in the euro . 
  if they leave the euro , then they ca n't get back in at will . 
  it 's even possible that someone starts an international lawsuit to expel them from the eu , which is after all based on the same treatises they would be breaking . 
  the long term catastrophe would be turning into a completely peripheral and irrelevant country owned by russia and china . 
  it is extremely suspicious if you start with the journalists of all places . 
  at best , it is very bad pr . 
  it does n't seem to be a coincidence that they decided to start with the journalists . 
  but then italy and spain would elect similar governments that would also demand to be given money by the usa , and the usa does n't have trillions of dollars to spend like that . 
  that 's not all that he meant . 
   if greece economy is destroy , we will take the rest of europe and the world with us !, 
  give it to him , he has polandball potential . 
   it was intentional spread of false information , to promote panic that sounds weird , because last week was in fact a very good time to panic . 
  now is still a very good time to panic . 
   the journalists ... blatantly lied and spreaded false information sounds like most of the journalists i know . 
  investigate all of them and i 'm happy . 
  but if you investigate only your critics , it stinks . 
  what happens when they apply ? 
  i ca n't imagine why most of them would need political asylum . 
  i 'm sure it 's romania 's and bulgaria 's fault and the fact that you and the serbians blew your country to smithereens has nothing to do with it . 
  on the short term , the worst catastrophe is to stay . 
  on the long term , the worst catastrophe is to leave . 
  choose your term . 
   `` it 's totally stupid because they are investigating only those that were in favour of the yes ... even if you have said something in the past that was n't politically correct or was n't so in favour of varoufakis , the former minster of finance , they are calling you , you have to apologise for that . 
  it 's purely political , '' he said . 
  it 's not even a matter of ` scaring ' anybody . 
  it 's simply that the eurozone can not bail out all of spain , portugal , italy , and greece at once . 
  in principle i suppose they could bail out greece and refuse to bail out the rest , but on what principle , and why would the rest agree to it ? 
  everybody question the eu when the eu does n't give them what they want . 
  what europe needs today is loyalty . 
  joseph stiglitz , argument from authority , argument from authority , argument from authority : the u.s. must save greece, 
  not twelve ? 
  i thought pranks were supposed to be funny , but yes , it 's probably a prank . 
  who was that ? 
  sure , i did n't say it was bad . 
  i was just saying , they did n't just cash 2 billion euros . 
  depends where the taxes were due . 
  maybe they were due in the netherlands and the uk , in which case that 's where they 're going back . 
  they could still pay some large fines in romania . 
  this time it 's not even the anti-corruption agency , it 's just regular prosecutors from ploiesti . 
  what criticacat refuses to ~ ~ understand ~ ~ accept is that democracy in europe involves far more voters than the ones in greece . 
  i think they also make ships . 
  the problem is the ship makers are subsidized through tax cuts , and not paying taxes is one other thing that greece can no longer afford . 
  i do n't know what to say further . 
  merchants have a tendency to refuse to lower prices no matter what ( while happy to take any opportunity to raise them ) . 
  also i would n't be surprised if they raised their prices precisely because they are now selling less , thinking that this way they would keep their profits constant . 
  as you can guess i 'm not a big fan of business folks . 
  i 'm just saying , numbeo is a good way to get a very rough impression , but you should n't base any serious decisions on that kind of self-selected data . 
  as for the prices , with fewer goods the prices go up . 
  that 's supply and demand . 
  for the prices to go down , the production costs would have to go down . 
  have they actually gone down ? 
   belief in a creating god does n't seem like that much of a controversial position to me it 's very controversial in denmark . 
  i do n't know why i though i 'd heard of it . 
  i probably mixed millions and thousands .
