  we 're not special . 
  edit : also your history tends to be off . 
  for instance you say `` because of king michael i who did not want bloodshed with the russians , gave them bucovina back . 
  this causes the right wings to overthrow him . '', 
  that was actually king charles ii . 
   interestingly , the data does not match up with yesterday 's link to bloomberg . 
  i 'm the one who posted yesterday 's link . 
  i wo n't / ca n't remove it now because it has too many comments . 
  the actual figure is 3.8 % , bloomberg reported 4.8 % . 
  they must have heard some leaks and heard them wrong . 
  we have a lot of excellent figures coming out these days . 
  on the downside , the trade deficit is up , which means apparently consumption is growing too fast . 
  oh well , nothing is perfect , so for now why complain ? 
  the austrians were actually pretty beneficial overall . 
  it only says no permanently stationed combat units . 
  bases are ok . non-combat units are also ok . 
  combat units are ok as long as they 're temporary ( but they can rotate ) . 
  with all due respect for the imf , i do n't think they can predict the future of an economy . 
  we 'll have to see what happens in five years . 
  you have a point there , but at the same time , that 's why you 're not one of the top dogs . 
  if you do n't share the responsibilities like germany and france do , then you ca n't make the decisions either . 
  6.5 % is already y-o-y though . 
  we 're about four years behind , but keep in mind poland is still growing , even if a bit slower . 
  i think the 6.5 % figure is for the first quarter . 
   how can a person who can not afford a 15euro object be eligible for a credit loan ??? 
  people do that all over the world , they use credit cards . 
  you make some good points otherwise , but they are well known . 
  of course the gdp does n't tell the entire story about an economy or about a country . 
  but it does tell part of the story . 
  and the consumption is n't based only on credit , because the wages have also been going up ( and some of the prices down ) . 
  he was his right hand in the early seventies though . 
  meanwhile public investments are down because it 's not safe for the government to steal the money anymore ... 
  that was made up by the communists to make it sound less western . 
  the romanian tricolor was chosen in the early 19th century as an homage to the french revolution . 
  i am thoroughly convinced that hungary should be one of romania 's most important partners . 
  it 's a pity their politics is going down the fascist hole , but let 's hope they get a decent moderate party in shape soon . 
  i know all you 're saying and far more . 
  there 's no need to insult people just because they disagree with your ready-made ideology . 
  some people simply try to think for themselves , and telling them to ` go read a book ' wo n't impress them when they 've probably read more than a thousand . 
  you mean try not finding counterexamples any more ? 
  because it ended later than romania , but the usa did n't get straight from the middle ages to cars and canons either . 
  edit : actually people had canons very long ago , so we picked the wrong example . 
  look when it ended in the usa . 
  well for what it 's worth ours is the tastiest . 
   you 're poor ? 
  sorry , it 's illegal . 
  no , it 's not illegal to be poor , but to pan-handle . 
  they have other options . 
  street begging is not a matter of poverty , many of them are actually richer than you . 
  it is a culturally inherited way of life that goes back all the way to india . 
  this problem can only be solved by a cultural change . 
   with money grubbing people on the top for example ... street beggars have their own money grabbing elite . 
  it 's not poverty . 
  it 's culture . 
  maybe ... do you have a source on that because now i 'm curious ? 
  that may be true in some of the remoter villages , but all in all it 's exaggerated . 
  it 's true that we did n't pass through the age of enlightenment in the eighteenth century , but we began to join western culture in the early 1800s , not just two generations ago . 
  all right so you did n't invent it . 
  i still love you . 
   was part of the ussr not, 
  to be fair it 's not like eastern europeans are more knowledgeable , romanians included . 
  it 's badly accurate . 
  pickles are nothing , they invented zacusca !, 
  hey , alcohol is not a solution !, 
  edit : all right if the beer is belgian then you may have a point . 
  actually the president does n't have the power to arrest people , but it 's true that he 's been defending the independence of prosecutors . 
  public prosecutors have been really wild these years . 
  your country could outlaw begging . 
  i realize you do n't control your country , but if enough of you demand it , then it could happen . 
   i wish they would get jobs there instead of coming as beggars here . 
  they have choices . 
  it 's not impossible to get jobs here , but almost half the employees work for the minimum wage , and there are some people who simply prefer begging abroad for more than that . 
  would they be discriminated to some extent ? 
  no doubt , but i do n't see how that is worse than begging in the streets . 
  there 's actually a recent survey this month . 
  apparently only 50-60 % of romanians believe in heaven , hell , or an afterlife . 
  but 97 % say they believe in god . 
  i do n't know how many of those 97 % believe in a traditional , theistic god . 
  you do n't . 
  spermezan is from v\u00e2lcea . 
  that is a fairly small city but it 's world renowed for its ebay scammers . 
  most of these people are unlikely to be able to explain their incomes , so they 're probably on the list of 8,500 who are getting investigated . 
  this can be a significant blow to v\u00e2lcea 's economy , e.g. 
  for the car dealerships . 
  maybe spermezan has a dealership . 
  maybe he does web design for the scammers . 
  maybe his sister 's boyfriend is a scammer . 
  maybe it 's just local patriotism . 
  who knows ? 
  fact is , he 's really pissed off at this campaign . 
  if they did n't announce it then you 'd complain about lack of transparency or something . 
  you always find a reason to complain about everything . 
  so a_jaume2 is missing the parent 's point and i point it out , but you think i 'm still wrong because i do n't forget all about the parent 's point and switch to talking about a_jaume2 's instead ? 
  it 's not ` missing the point ' when you do n't agree with threadjacking . 
  are n't you missing the point though ? 
   we are taking about communist romania , wich had very different notion of proprety rights than we have today . 
  good , so whose notion matters , ours or the communists ' ? 
  well they say it 's supported by the romanian sri . 
  maybe sri has further partnerships , but we do n't know . 
  so there * are * trained restoration teams , but they do n't get the contracts because they do n't pay bribes .
