  i hear others succeeded in brasil or in the usa . 
  the article says there was a sixth car with an italian number that was spared . 
  maybe it 's because you have a chip on your shoulder regarding my comments . 
  these communities very actively resist education . 
  the only way to educate them would be to take draconian measures and force them to change . 
  and that would never work because of all the political opposition it would encounter . 
  funny , i thought that was you . 
  well the article states the 80 % statistic is for all sexual misdeeds , not just for rape as such . 
  i do n't know how to interpret that though . 
   except the current generation did n't loan anything , their parents did but if they do n't want their parents debt , then they should n't inherit them . 
  dumnezeu = mr. god , or more seriously , god the lord . 
   there \u00b4 s just no way 8 out of 10 rape claims are false , unless they count all withdrawn and unprovable/unclear/unsolvable cases as false , which many do . 
  usually the statistics you see for europe range from 2-12 percent . 
  those figures are for cases that get sent to court and * proven * false . 
  now remember that the police get more reports than are actually sent to court ( because prosecutors usually only prosecute then they have a plausible case ) . 
  on top of that , aside from the 2-12 % cases that get refuted in court , there are many more cases that are n't found guilty either , and no doubt many of those just are n't guilty . 
  i see . 
  keep in mind these are different statistics done with different demographics though . 
  the rostock police are counting reports made to the police in rostock . 
  your statistic is counting reports that were sent to court in the usa . 
  reports sent to court are only a subset of the reports made to the police . 
  in general a da wo n't prosecute when there 's no chance to get a conviction . 
  yes , i was n't criticizing you . 
  it just was n't clear what you were saying . 
  sometimes there are benefits to filing a false accusation . 
  and i 'm pretty sure they 're treated well - this is germany , not the middle east after all . 
  agreed . 
  this report predates the refugee issue and has nothing to do with them . 
  2-10 % are provable as false , but most of the rest are n't provable as true either . 
  so the actual rate of false accusations is almost certainly more than 10 % . 
  how much more ? 
  that must be seen . 
  edit : downvoted for reasoning . 
  or if not death then yodeling , which is haram according to sharia law . 
  there 's usually a right to family reunion , it covers spouses , minor children , and parents of minor children . 
  then the next generation marries their cousins from the original country ( at least when that country is pakistan ) , and so on ... 
   the optimists say these men all have families left behind , but i am betting many do n't . 
  i 'm assuming their plan is to travel back once they have asylum and to pick out the most attractive women in the middle east . 
  because you sound like it . 
   i \u00b4 m pretty sure a small minority in most countries are false claims . 
  in most countries yes , but there are some countries where there have been lots of false claims recently , e.g. 
  the usa . 
  edit . 
  i have n't heard of much violence in finland yet , but anyway unless that violence is as bad as war it ca n't explain changing one 's mind about whether to become a war refugee . 
   you ca n't , this number can only stay equal or rise they 're probably talking about the rate of cancellation , not about the all-time total . 
  sometimes they burn their fingertips to lose their prints . 
   sure , visa freedom or even complete freedom of movement is at least not a goal for the next decades for most countries in this region . 
  but in practice it turns out they all have it anyway . 
  it 's small for now but it 's growing at a very fast pace , and with family reunion it will probably sum up to millions , unless we stop it in time . 
   finnish authorities have seen a rise in the number of cancelled asylum applications . 
  canceled asylum applications - i have no further comments . 
  well you can work as long as you do it illegally . 
  not great for economic migrants , but i do n't think all of them understand this . 
  intermarium + nato = the future ? 
  he 's probably the kind of person who knows what 's best for you and will force you to take it . 
   you said roms are a problem because they are from a different ethnicity . 
  that is totally not what anybody said , and unless you can prove otherwise i will consider you an idiot . 
   and i do n't think i want to be friends with you . 
  you know what ? 
  before romania joined the eu i was sincerely hoping you westerners would show us how to resolve the gypsy/roma problem . 
  as it turned out you have no clue . 
  so stop preaching to us if you do n't have anything substantive to say . 
  but that is hardly what i was saying . 
  the eu had done things i disagreed with before , but this is not about disagreement . 
  this is about saying no to collective suicide . 
  in the actual provinces it was n't so good , but the russian influence on wallachia and moldova was great . 
  it sounded better in theory because we thought we could trust the eu to make wise decisions . 
   the tiny amount of refugees being asked of slovakia that is a tiny amount being asked right now , but we all know there are way more than 120,000 refugees and illegal migrants in europe already , and many more , mostly illegal migrants , on their way . 
  we 've had the russians in the east and the south , and the austrians in the west and the center . 
  even the russians were clearly better than the ottomans ( at least in romania ) , and the austrians were a whole different world . 
   this is a big chance to debate him you forgot your sarcasm tag . 
  so how is germany responsible for ` imperialism ' in the levant ? 
  because the people smugglers are refugees too . 
  have you no conscience ? 
  the carpathians are actually very easy to cross . 
  there are valleys and roads everywhere . 
  a lot does n't mean most . 
  i do n't know whose fault it is , i 'm just saying a lot of romanians do n't know how bad it is abroad . 
  i thought it was poland who backed out of it - though they 're back in the meanwhile . 
  the missile shield was never cancelled , it already has a land base in romania and will have another one in poland . 
   v4 + romania = intermarium sounds like a deal . 
  now that the eu seems to be losing the thread , maybe we should start to plan for the future . 
  edit : it would be nice to get croatia and/or slovenia in . 
  this way we would stretch between three seas , and it 's good to have direct access to the mediterranean . 
  i came here to say this . 
  a lot of romanians think polish people are our friends . 
  it 's sad how much ignorance there is in our country . 
  when it comes to crossing borders , the only such limit is in the case in which the refugees are crossing straight from a war zone . 
  in a liberal democracy there are limits on the powers of the majority . 
  well then i see the reasoning . 
  wait so the instigator got more than the murderer ? 
  what was her age ? 
  edit nevermind they did it together . 
   nawaz : are you calling me a liar ? 
  peacefully escalates by pretending that criticism is an insult . 
  smooth and peaceful . 
   the refugees presumably are n't fundamentalists . 
  i think you might be missing / u/johnr83 's point . 
  his point is that fundies all over the world tend to hold some similar views but they still hate each other 's guts . 
  drafted = obligated to fight in a war,
