  seriously you should know better than to cite hints from our pathological liar of a pm . 
  no , he 's slavic blonde , and his wife also looks slavic . 
  if they actually turned out to be both romanian i 'd pay you 100 euro . 
   for some reason can you take a guess ? 
  so if we ignore syria it 's our fault , and if we intervene it 's our fault . 
  awesome . 
  it 's not the same guy as the one in the original picture . 
  `` let people take advantage of you and they wo n't have to try harder . '', 
  them slavs though . 
  there 's no fucking without touching . 
  if they 're untouched they 're virgins . 
  wait so you 're from finland not sweden . 
  get a flag man . 
  did n't you already lay claim to the status of the world 's first moral superpower ? 
  what more can you want ? 
   i heard that east europe has plenty of room to choose from . 
  it 's cold here too . 
   because it was fucking * disgraceful * you know what 's disgraceful ? 
  allowing yourselves to get robbed in your own country like that . 
  no want please keep, 
  let 's hope not . 
  that would defeat the entire purpose . 
  is n't it still beachfront ? 
   if the company would 've been romanain , you 'd be spouting toxic criticism all the way , that 's just making things up again . 
  i would n't complain if they bought dacias . 
  world war polo ? 
  them got balls . 
  they 're based on gasoline , not diesel . 
  i know somebody from bielefeld and he clearly said it does n't exist . 
  it 's the border controls that are to blame !, 
   `` the tents really are too cold for our children . '', 
   `` hunger strike ? 
  yes . 
  and we will maintain it . '', 
  so they 're basically using their children as hostages and threatening to starve them . 
  edit : as / u/blast _ plate_engel points out , we do n't know whether the children are included in the hunger strike . 
  no , it 's not . 
  ( not going to break i mean ), 
  more like the first . 
  the core part of moldova has always been in . 
   if everyone acts coldly to a muslim woman wearing the hijab you 're jumping from converts to people who were raised muslims . 
  i see now . 
  a phallus joke from the 90s . 
  they were interesting until it turned out if you stare hard enough everything looks like a penis . 
   i do n't make a distinction between the two of them as they both are citizens of romania and speak the local language . 
  i do n't make a distinction between the flemish and the waloons as they both are citizens of belgium and speak english . 
  there 's more to life than your passport and what languages you speak . 
  people profiting from beggars are often beggars who made it . 
   `` europenis '' huh ? 
  and that is only relevant if you do n't believe that those ` certain assumptions ' hold . 
   do n't you think they 've earned a right to citizenship it 's not fair to them , but they have n't earned a * right * . 
  a right to citizenship comes from the law , and the law can easily say no . 
  the law could also make distinctions depending on how well they integrated . 
  those were actually your exact words ` under certain assumptions . ', 
  i can understand the concerns but it sounds like the wage situation could be solved by raising the minimum wage ( assuming you 're willing to enforce the law and fine/arrest those who try to break it ) . 
  considering that the brits are n't in schengen in the first place , i 'm pretty sure they 're uninvolved . 
  true , but that would n't change if we joined schengen . 
  i do n't know what the wait is for trucks or trains with goods , but anyway that 's what i heard . 
  edit : to be honest our own incompetent government messing up the expressway construction program is a much worse problem for the shipments than not being in schengen . 
  gypsy issue has nothing to do with schengen , they can travel anywhere as long as the show id . 
  schengen means you do n't have to show id , but what 's the difference ? 
  where it actually matters is with tourism and with shipments of goods . 
  i doubt the syrian war was caused by the west . 
  definitely not by sweden or by germany . 
  i 've heard a theory that the netherlands is concerned that the port of constanta might take on some of the traffic that goes through rotterdam , but other than that i ca n't think of anything plausible . 
  no idea . 
  currently almost no romanians who are decent persons would want to be politicians . 
  but maybe something new will come from the new local parties that were created after they changed the party law . 
  well that 's the same in reverse with inflation . 
  when the prices go up everybody wants to buy before they go up , so that makes them go up even faster . 
   i really hope they use that growth to invest in their infrastructure so they can bring people from abroad . 
  i 'd hope so too , but the infrastructure projects are currently stalled because the government ca n't steal the money any more ( and that 's because of the anti-corruption crackdown ) . 
  on the long term this is of course good , we 'll eventually find politicians who want to do the job even if they ca n't steal from it . 
  it 's also because the vat went down on food and on tourism . 
  it 's good if you 're buying . 
  is it good overall ? 
  i guess it 's the same as inflation , a little of it is ok , but it 's bad if it runs out of control . 
  also keep in mind that many romanian prices are surprisingly high and ought to go down . 
  also the prices are supposed to go down by -0.4 % in 2015 and -0.2 % in 2016 . 
  it 's supposed to make the shipments faster . 
  it 's a misleading title . 
  in principle we still intend to join . 
  but i 'd say let 's wait and see if the thing still exists in a year . 
  e : an article, 
  wow . 
   we could be in the same situation . 
  if i would flee my homeland , i would go to the country with the best chance of safety , work , education for my kids . 
  which is just what they 're doing . 
  and if five million of you went to syria , they would probably kick your asses out . 
   however , in case of the syrian refugees ... these are people who are fleeing from war . 
  there is no sending them back . 
  they 're actually coming to germany from safe countries . 
  but nevermind that . 
  how about when the war is over ? 
  can you then send them back ? 
  but why do n't the ones from outside syria count ? 
  in the first years they did n't know how to do it though . 
  it 's actually more complicated than it seems . 
  that 's not what he was saying , that mixing cultures sucks ass . 
  it depends on the cultures .
