  charities pay their staff all over the world . 
  how did hungary do it ? 
  no reason not to do it e.g. 
  between austria and slovenia . 
  you do realize that smurd was initially created as a non-governmental initiative by arafat himself ? 
  let 's hope it 's more useful than the arab spring though . 
  there are borders and it 's entirely possible and legal to institute temporary controls when needed . 
  they still need to understand their advisers and to be able to evaluate their advice . 
  so he 's not lying , he just omitted the part about turkey being involved . 
  but seriously how could you avoid turkey being involved when that place is so narrow ? 
  but the immigrants are n't journalists or critics of the government , so why does that matter ? 
  turkey is safe for syrian refugees . 
  i never mentioned any subs . 
  i have a better idea : let 's give lesbos to turkey . 
  we can repay greece for the loss and once lesbos in turkey they can easily set up a ferry too . 
  he 's from a birth canal . 
   it is around 40-50 split for and against the last survey i saw so in other words , contrary to your claims , she does not have a majority behind her . 
   enabling the police to deport people even faster even faster than never = completely uninformative . 
  it does n't matter what the law enables them to do , unless they actually do it . 
   he attributed that himself , you and others like you months ago for lurch . 
  i do n't know what purcelusul said months ago , but about me you 're lying . 
  so 44 % of the population believes the media is lying to them . 
  how to deal with it ? 
  smear the 44 % by associating them with pegida ` because they too think the media is lying . ', 
   all social-democrats are evil but ... but then you accuse / u/purcelusul of a strawman fallacy , when it 's you who 's attributing him an extreme view . 
  as others have already said in this thread , this is not as good as it sounds . 
  public investments have nearly stopped , and public sector wages are still shamefully low . 
  there are excellent ways to spend that money , the government just wo n't do it . 
  they do n't even send home the people who applied for asylum and failed . 
  they do n't give them social security , but they let them hang around and work in the shadow economy . 
  they must certainly know that the most important thing is the title . 
  most people who see the title do n't read the rest . 
  especially when you put the title on the front page / on the printed cover . 
   once germany keeps their refugees within their borders and does n't burden any other eu country but how will that be possible ? 
  in a few years they will give them german citizenship , and then they can go anywhere in europe they want . 
  it 's the economist , a corporate propaganda outlet that pushes mass immigration because they think it will drive down people 's wages . 
  well the voters did n't like it , but the government did it voluntarily , and the new government they elected in 2004 never promised to undo the reforms . 
  also keep in mind that schroder actually came very close to winning . 
   may that be because this time `` the problem '' is also touching germany but austerity has touched germany for a very long time , and they did it voluntarily . 
  also one of the main complaints in the article is that her policy toward immigration is getting other countries involved against their will . 
  yeah they 're coal-based . 
  it 's terry eagleton . 
  he just likes to ramble a lot . 
  some of his complaints are valid though . 
   but the refugees who are arriving now are not illegal . 
  even the genuine refugees are still crossing the borders illegally . 
  it 's legal to cross from the war zone to turkey , but once you 've made it from turkey to greece you 're there illegally . 
  we were talking about cowardice , not about preservation . 
   i was n't refering to any particular events in your distant history , i was just hoping that as a fellow citizen of a former eastern bloc country , you are n't washed clean of any higher values by the western consumerist culture and emasculated into contempt for any form of violence , including the righteous one and that you can understand the necessity of fighting for one 's homeland . 
  i understand that necessity , i 'm just saying that sometimes all hope is lost . 
   there 's nothing hard to understand about why someone would prefer to collect benefits in sweden than be shot at in syria and that 's exactly why choosing the latter out of selfless patriotism is the morally superior stance worth praising and choosing the former out of selfish cowardice is a morally inferior stance worth condemning . 
  you might be right there , but then you have to keep in mind that the same reasoning applies to all refugees ever , except for young children . 
   syria is a line in the sand drawn around some people that have very little to do with each other . 
  that 's actually funny because it 's a pretty good description of the future of sweden . 
   it 's not our responsibility to look after those who do n't want to ensure their country 's safety and stability . 
  i agree that it 's not our responsibility . 
  i 'm just saying we should n't trash-talk them like this . 
  their reasons for fleeing the war are sound . 
  these reasons only become insufficient when they pretend that they need to flee all the way to the other end of europe . 
   so you have millions of young men fleeing because they are n't represented by any faction or their faction is not strong enough ... 
  i 'll give you a moment to think about this . 
  what else would they do ? 
  fighting for peace would be like fucking for virginity . 
  now i do n't know if they 're actually anti-war , but it would make sense if they were . 
   shame , i expected better from a romanian . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  compared to most of europe we do n't have a history of warmongering . 
  let me repeat this : i do n't believe that most of the migrants are real refugees , and i do n't believe we have a moral obligation to accept unlimited numbers of refugees . 
  but i can understand what 's going on in the ( real ) refugees ' minds . 
   these men are cowards in my opinion well , refugees are ` cowards ' almost by definition ( they are fleeing ) , but that does n't mean they do n't have a right to be ` cowards ' . 
  if my country was at war an none of the factions represented me , then i 'd get the hell out of there . 
  even if one of the factions represented me , if i estimated that they have no chance of winning , i 'd still get out . 
  there 's no point to dying stupidly just to prove a point that the victors wo n't believe anyway . 
   my compassion very quickly ran out when i saw that the majority were young men . 
  i do n't support migration either , but i 'm not sure i understand this . 
  when there 's a war then most of the dead are young men , because they 're the ones who get conscripted . 
  it makes all the sense for most of the ( real ) refugees to be young men . 
   the prosecutor whom indicted him was found a corrupt bastard that abused his power as a prosecutor . 
  you 've let that out . 
  but that finding was entirely unrelated to the prosecutor having indicted him . 
  you left that out . 
  `` the people ' = the 5 % of the people who agree with us . 
  ca n't they find something less important to be corrupt about ? 
   bulgaria is setting up a wire fence since last year along its 160-kilometer ( 99-mile ) border with turkey , of which about a 30-kilometer section is in place . 
  what 's taking so long ? 
  you just did n't understand what i was saying . 
   per country ? 
  oficially , after all taxes paid 340 euros . 
  but this only in big cities . 
  in smaller ones is around 226 euros if it 's 340 per country and less in smaller cities , then it 's more than 340 in larger cities . 
   `` romania received billions in bailouts , '' robinson said . 
  that was a credit from the * imf * ( not eu ) , a credit we have fully repaid already . 
   as of today romania is not able to guard it 's outside borders , which would then be schengen borders . 
  uhm , and what is that claim based on ? 
   guarding the european border is no joke that is * precisely * what it has become these days . 
  schengen borders are a total joke . 
  there are thousands and thousands of people violating them every single day with the help of every single government except hungary . 
   look at greece , there you can see what happens i 'm looking at greece and i 'm seeing a country that has no land borders with any other schengen country . 
  the migrants are leaving greece and getting * back * into schengen , currently through slovenia and austria . 
   the `` unofficially '' bit is a hint from the pm .
