  if they 're moving to the countryside in bistrita-nasaud , then they are real refugees and i welcome them . 
  notice they 're not pretending to move to germany . 
  i do n't understand why you 're saying that art is n't supposed to be studied . 
  it 's not like artists fall from trees . 
  well everything you teach in school becomes unattractive because you teach it in school . 
  work is n't fun . 
  what can you do ? 
   when will you use literature in your life ? 
  why do you need to ` use ' everything ? 
  it does matter though , because it 's those 10 who create the innovations , not the other thousands , even if they did n't leave school . 
  are you laughing with me ? 
   muntenia ( bucharest and the south ) ... they do n't have an accent hahahahaha . 
  everything else that 's similar has been real . 
   anti-corruption prosecutors detained mihaela udrea relation of elena by any chance ? 
  it 's supposed to be used for specific projects , namely extending the romanian emergency rescue system smurd to moldova , and something else i do n't remember . 
  i do n't know who will be in charge of making sure it does n't get lost . 
  it 's about 1.3 % of moldova 's gdp . 
  but they are n't forced to migrate , they could have stayed in bulgaria or in turkey . 
   if i am not attracted to someone and not enjoying myself it will cease to be hard the most you can say is that this is your personal experience , but the medical research indicates that in general your views are inaccurate . 
  an erection can be maintained entirely through the presence of a stimulus and does n't require any enjoyment on your part . 
  in my country a woman trapped a male taxi driver in her apartment and used a knife to threaten him . 
  she asked him to get it up , and guess what , he did . 
  how ? 
  it 's not hard to guess if you think of it . 
  fear of death is a powerful motivator . 
   erection is implied consent erection is an entirely involuntary physiological process . 
  what if he was forced to take viagra or drugged in other ways ? 
  what if his nipples were stimulated ( because that triggers automatic erection ) ? 
  but even if he was horny , that does not mean that he agreed to have sex . 
  agreed . 
  my view is that strictly speaking they are blameworthy , but it makes little sense to be angry with them . 
  who would n't do the same ? 
   you ca n't really blame them , you 'd be stupid not to take advantage of it . 
  so you 're saying that you ca n't really call them stupid , and i agree , but that does n't mean you ca n't blame them . 
  it is possible for a wrongdoer to be smart . 
   there 's no reason for them to treat you bad until they find out you 're romanian . 
  but anyway friendliness means more than not treating people bad . 
   adding another persons point of view makes you stronger , not weaker . 
  is that always so ? 
  well there 's a lot of far-right shit as i hear , but at least five years ago i found it really friendly . 
  i do n't just mean polite . 
  you will meet polite irishmen , but inside they still think you 're from another planet . 
  does this mean ` friendliest to americans ' ? 
  because as a romanian i would n't call dublin or krakow ` friendly . ', 
  budapest , on the other hand , i agree . 
  does attempted murder count ? 
  fair enough but still isis is worse than anything . 
   then do you have a solution that does n't involve scrapping the refugee convention ? 
  but the refugee convention is 70 years old , and once in a while laws get revised . 
  the argument is simply that a good majority of the people we 're talking about are n't refugees , and that if things stay as they are then you can expect their numbers to increase indefinitely . 
  i 'm beginning to get the feeling that the average turk thinks the kurds are worse than isis . 
  if we get this kind of attitude so often on reddit , then i wonder what it must be like on the ground . 
  not always . 
  often they burn their papers and refuse to disclose their real nationality , so there 's nowhere to send them back . 
  other times their applications are rejected but no one actually sends them back because politics . 
  but everybody can claim to be a refugee . 
  also if you 're fleeing war then i do n't expect you to start a violent fight trying to break into a country if you 're already in a safe country . 
  amazing . 
  ` oilseed rape ' is actually ` rapeseed oil . ', 
  what 's up with the guardian ? 
  they were n't always like this . 
  e : nevermind, 
  i did n't write the title . 
  ( or the article . ), 
   nationalism originated on this continent after all . 
  the modern nation state did , but nationalism is as old as the world . 
  and those 15 % are way more than in romania or in malta or in several other countries . 
  but slovaks are n't orthodox . 
   stating a fact ? 
  i doubt that . 
  slovakian roma are probably catholic , not orthodox . 
   russia , which is the most christian nation in europe actually that 's not even close . 
  russia has a lot of non-religious people . 
  the most you can prove with that argument is that most people think prostitution is immoral . 
  but most people think many things that are wrong . 
   ask any father or mother if they want their daughter to be a prostitute but that is easy to explain . 
  parents want their children to have high status , not low status . 
  it 's not just prostitution . 
  ask an father or mother if they want their daughter to be a street sweeper , and they will say no . 
  but no one thinks it 's immoral to be a street sweeper . 
   wouldnt a high demand just drive up the price and cause more people to work as prostitutes ? 
  suppose so . 
  but what would be wrong with that ? 
  you seem to assume that prostitution is wrong * as such * . 
  also who said the demand would be higher ? 
  portugal and the netherlands decriminalized drugs and the local demand actually got lower . 
   moral concerns are very real , too . 
  moral concerns are very real , but moral disagreement is also very real . 
  i believe that criminalizing prostitution is an immoral , oppressive practice that we must cease . 
  link ? 
  how many muslims in europe speak arabic ? 
  the austrians funded romanian schools . 
  who else did ? 
  except for ourselves . 
  agreed . 
  edit : the death marches should be the danube delta , not ` calarasi swamps ' , whatever that is . 
  it 's actually 3.8 % . 
  bloomberg tried to be first to report it and got it wrong . 
  when there is money in a country , other countries will try to grab it . 
  happens everywhere .
