  and who said anything about entitlement ? 
  we know why we are poor . 
  ( i 'm talking about romania . 
  greece is a different topic that i 'm trying to stay out of for a few weeks . ), 
   requiring the sensible professoriate to valiantly resist the boneheaded ideas of activist students students who are enabled and manipulated by equally boneheaded university administrators . 
  could you explain ? 
  edit : thought so , no explanation , only downvote . 
  such is life . 
  source : [ developments in collectively agreed working time 2014 ] ( https://www.eurofound.europa.eu/observatories/eurwork/comparative-information/developments-in-collectively-agreed-working-time-2014 ), 
  ... and federalization will not happen without greece giving up even more of its ` pride . ', 
  in five years the ez might be better able to handle it . 
  both politics and economics could change by then , now that we know what we 're dealing with . 
  misleading title . 
  the squirrel was n't ` arrested . ', 
  fair enough . 
  but could n't you say the same about the other countries you mention ? 
  this is our neighborhood , and if we do n't help , then who will help ? 
  yes , i do mean 2010 . 
  technically you are correct , but that creditor is the largest , and then there 's also the ecb . 
  i thought the common wisdom was that any inflation above 3 % is impossible to control . 
  europe 's banks were saved many years ago . 
  the current creditors of greece are the european taxpayers . 
  there is force and there is temptation . 
  yes , but they have one on saturday . 
  one not have another day off for going to the museum , the zoo , the restaurant , or a concert ? 
  you do n't have to be at the mall all the time . 
  true , but my point is not only days of from work , it 's days off from shopping . 
  i understand the reasons , but i think the consequences are good . 
  well i certainly agree that a certain amount of competition is good . 
  interestingly however , in socialist romania we used to have a * lot * of competition , especially in the schools . 
  socialist schools emphasized competition a lot more than the schools in the capitalist countries of today . 
   almost no natural resources but i did n't say * natural * , all i said was resources . 
   also , the norwegian gdp per capita increased by a factor of ~ 3,5 after the discovery of the oil in the 1960 's , which is pretty much the same as the rest of the eurozone for the same time period . 
  that is an interesting claim , but it contradicts the data i remember seeing . 
  can you source your claim ? 
   take away the money they can just dig out of the ground ( to put them on par with other european countries with few natural resources ) but they 're not * on a par * with other countries . 
  they are way above any of the other countries economically . 
  they used to be on a par before they found the oil . 
   take away the money they can just dig out of the ground ( to put them on par with other european countries with few natural resources ) yes , that 's how socialism works , it 's based on publicly owned resources and means of production . 
  take away the resources and of course it falls apart , but so does capitalism . 
   the funniest thing is , that the exact same people who always complain about the use of oil and gas ( because of greenhouse gases and the fact that they are n't renewable ) are now praising norway for it 's great socialism . 
  there 's no contradiction there . 
  the way norway handles its oil wealth is admirable . 
  no other oil producer comes close . 
  at the same time , burning oil , while better than burning coal , is worse than using nuclear or hydro power . 
   you think some of these absurd restrictions make sense ? 
  none of the absurd ones make sense , but some of the non-absurd ones do make sense . 
  for instance requiring most shops to close on sundays . 
  in germany a lot of shops close on sundays , and it 's good for people 's happiness to take a break from needing and craving . 
   the disciplinarian , quasi-fascist german state what a ridiculous notion , especially when most of these people would be so quick to implement an authoritarian regime if they ever came to power . 
   even the left are starting to give up on the whole eu that 's not ` the left , ' it 's the radical left . 
  that 's how radicals think , to them it 's always black and white . 
  the guardian are no communists to be sure , but the last few years they 've begun to take such a doctrinary , dogmatic stance on everything that i can only call them radicals . 
  when you use fancy phrases such as * a priori * , it 's important to make sure to spell them right . 
  otherwise people will think you have n't often seen them in print . 
  the deal is n't designed with that purpose . 
  on the contrary , nobody has yet come up with a deal that guarantees they can pay . 
  it 's a hard problem . 
  it 's not supposed to be free meals , and there are better examples of socialism ( see norway ) . 
  but socialism did n't work for greece , that much is true . 
  democracy is literally hitler . ^ unless ^ it 's ^ greek, 
  the reforms are n't impossible at all if you have the political will , it 's just that : 1 . the reforms wo n't be enough . 
  greece 's problems are deeper . 
  2 . they wo n't implement them anyway . 
  some might come back , but others will have built new lives abroad and they wo n't return . 
  the # 1 thing that will make romanian doctors in the uk return to romania is the ghastly way they are treated by ordinary brits . 
  here you are !, 
  here 's my upvote . 
  slovenia not of balkan !, 
  i know , but i thought it was another joke , 
  most german speakers are n't ethnic germans . 
  it would create a humanitarian catastrophe !, 
  one very noticeable difference is that we do n't really have street beggars any more . 
  but keep in mind that not all gypsies are beggars ( most are n't ) , and the ones who are n't beggars are less likely to move abroad . 
  it 's not just ireland . 
  1 % of nhs doctors in the uk are romanian . 
  there 's also some others in germany , france , and elsewhere . 
  well , they were getting what they wanted but they were getting it on credit . 
  plenty of pain resulted from that . 
   forcing the hospitals to raise wages to retain the doctors who stayed behind . 
  hardly . 
  the doctors who stayed behind stayed because of their families or their patients . 
  their salaries are still ridiculous . 
   which is exactly what your prime minister is trying to do in saudi arabia . 
  huh ? 
  are n't you talking about hungary ? 
  anyway saudi arabia has an even worse culture . 
  they hardly distinguish between employees and slaves . 
  in fact there 's millions of employees who have left for western europe precisely because the wages are too small . 
  but the problem is the market is n't perfectly elastic , meaning that many people often have non-economic reasons to stay ( family , emotions , etc. ), 
  50 % of our doctors left . 
  if it was n't for those non-economic reasons , i suspect 90 % would have left . 
  edit : also you keep working about companies signing ` secret agreements , ' as i was a kook , but that 's not what 's going on . 
  it 's simply a generalized culture of mistreating and underpaying your employees . 
  most everybody does it , including the government . 
   then company a could get better employees by raising the salaries by 1 % . 
  yes , they * could * get a small number of marginally better employees by raising wages by 1 % . 
  * or * they could save themselves the 1 % by making a deal with company b and agreeing not to compete on wage levels , because that kind of competition is ultimately bad for both companies ( or so they think ) . 
  now maybe you 're going to say that the government should prevent that kind of collusion , and i agree . 
  but keep in mind that if the government intervenes like that , then it 's no longer a completely free market .
