  meanwhile greeks were partying on other people 's money . 
  if they get to have their way , then the people in poorer european countries will lose their faith in europe . 
  they will no longer believe that europe is a just and fair society . 
  people desire to live in a world where everybody gets what they deserve . 
  greece does n't deserve hundreds of billions of euro for free , so it should n't get them . 
   only 14 % blame troika ?!? 
  that makes sense because the problems of greece are problems that were created in greece . 
  the troika may have made mistakes that aggravated those problems , but it 's obvious that the main culprits are in greece . 
   the guardian has been quite disappointing with checking their sources and accurately portraying things that happen in greece for the last few days . 
  the guardian used to be my preferred journal , but during the last few years they 've begun to turn into the usual kind of rag . 
  i am told they need to do it to stay profitable . 
  europe = revolution-news . com / s, 
  that was a mistake , but the mistake was to trust greece more than they should have . 
  when you trust someone and they deceive your trust , even if you were wrong to trust them , you can still blame them for deceiving you . 
  i agree that the ` lazy southerner ' thing is a bit disturbing . 
   without debt relief greece will never pay of its debt with or without debt relief , greece will never pay all of its current debt . 
  it 's time for a realistic solution . 
  greece must leave the monetary union , create its own currency , devalue the wages and the pensions , use its devalued currency to gain export markets ( for industries that it must build ) , and most importantly , * collect its own taxes * . 
  with all that , maybe in ten years from now they can pay a significant part of their debt . 
  makes more sense now . 
  you keep saying germany germany germany but it 's not just germany , it 's a lot of countries that have lent money to greece . 
  germany just happens to be the largest . 
  oh and germany is the country that has made the most effort for the establishment and enlargement of the eu . 
  yes they have helped greece too . 
  how is that an argument against them ? 
  this is not about the guy in the pic . 
  it is about a union of 500 million europeans . 
  true , but the ordinary person too was able to take advantage of the cheap loans that resulted . 
  i too am poor . 
  i am likely poorer than this man . 
  suppose i started to cry and posted my picture to the internet . 
  would you agree to pay me eur 1,000 / month ? 
  because if you would , then i might take this plan seriously . 
  i do n't know what the intention was , but that is what they did . 
  they joined the eurozone based on falsified statistics , and then they used their euro membership to acquire cheap credits that they did n't put to any good use . 
  that is taking advantage of your partners . 
  was it the original plan ? 
  perhaps not , although the falsified statistics make me wonder . 
  but it is what happened either way . 
   the numbers i heard is that only about 10 % ended up in greece , the rest went to creditors you 're thinking about the bailout money , but what happened to the borrowed money in the first place ? 
  supporting technocrats is totally different from supporting fascism . 
  i do agree that he 's overstepping his mandate , but you wo n't persuade anyone with that kind of angry rhetoric . 
  i agree . 
  pride is when you accept the consequences of your mistakes . 
  pride is not when you stomp your feet and pretend that somebody else must fix your problems . 
  new york is one of the most expensive cities on earth . 
  just saying . 
  whatever it is that awaits them , it ca n't be grimmer than what awaited * me * when i was born , and yet here i am . 
   what is the meaning of a union if we choose to abandon our own in times of need . 
  but then , what is a union if our own choose to take advantage of us ? 
  if it 's only 3 % of the population then you do n't have much of a reason to feel disappointed . 
  but even if the wish to die * is * the result of the depression , that does n't mean the wish is not well motivated . 
  if you have a disease that makes you want to kill yourself , and if that disease resists treatment , then that 's a pretty good reason not to keep on living . 
  i picked 2008 because it 's the extreme , but the rest are still unsynchronized . 
  the problem with this map is that the data is collected in years as far apart as 2008 and 2015 . 
  that 's a meaningless comparison . 
  in the meanwhile patients with severe depression will continue to endure horrible , incessant pain , until we finally understand the mind as well as the body . 
  but why is that ? 
  should cancer patients also be denied the right to die until we understand cancer as well as malaria ? 
   the following eu members have a gdp per capita below greece : poland , hungary , latvia , croatia , romania . 
  you forgot bulgaria . 
  that 's not really data though , it 's just the imf 's guesses at the future . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't follow your reasoning . 
  how do you know what the imf wants ? 
  your theory is based on information released by the troika , but if the theory were correct , then the troika would have no reason to release the information . 
  you 're comparing percents of gdp , but you forget how high the greek gdp was , and you forget why . 
  greece used to have one of the largest twenty economies in the world , although it 's a tiny country that does n't ~ ~ make ~ ~ export almost anything . 
  the explanation is loans . 
  i 'm pretty sure he could negotiate to hire more tax collectors if he needs them . 
   you call this nothing , i do not agree by money for nothing i mean what this phrase usually means , namely , money for which you do n't receive goods or services in exchange . 
  it is true that they have made cuts in spending . 
  in order to reboot their economy they will also need to improve ( revolutionize ) their tax collection . 
  it 's largely because almost nobody pays any taxes in greece , both because of legal tax cuts and because of illegal tax dodging . 
  go to a store in greece and see if you can get a receipt . 
   such as olygarchi , modern capitalism , etc ? 
  those are all over the place , not just in greece . 
  it 's pretty clear that there are additional factors in greece . 
  ( such as not collecting almost any taxes , and partying on debt for several decades . ), 
   the greek cuts are on an entirely different planet to the ones of any of the other nations . 
  true , but that 's because their overspending was also on an entirely different planet . 
  when you overspend more than others , you eventually have to cut more . 
   it is clear that eu wants tsipras out , but it is for sure that next elections golden dawn will get over 25 % . 
  all those desperate people will realize that there is no room in eu to fix errors of 40 years in a social viable solution and they will turn to the nazi party . 
  that sounds like an implicit threat to vote for the nazis if they do n't get money for nothing . 
  europe can not function that way and we must not allow it . 
  it also involved speculation . 
  at the time i remember that greece was nominally one of the largest 20 economies on earth , despite being a tiny country that does n't make almost anything . 
   but the executive branch must itself remain impartial in a referendum but the executive branch is already partial in this week 's referendum , they 're backing ` no . ', 
   you do n't like immigration ? 
  greece is the gateway to europe , and they 're going to open the floodgates . 
  i never said i did n't like immigration , and anyway those immigrants would n't come to romania , they would go to the schengen space . 
  besides the problem could be solved by greece leaving the schengen space . 
   moreover , you 'll see a lot of economic migrants from greece working for peanuts and `` taking your jobs '' that 's actually good . 
  we need workforce . 
  the most important thing you do n't understand is that people do n't only care about these practical advantages and disadvantages . 
  they also care about * justice * . 
  that is why your conclusion is so ridiculously wrong it is actually infuriating :  romania is in a far , far better position than greece , and it would not be unfair at all to suggest that you , as an eu member , should participate in rescuing them . 
  finally , what exactly would ` rescuing them ' involve ? 
  more money for nothing ? 
  that 's not going to rescue anything .
