  he only mentioned that fund as an * example * of the kind of fund that would be in charge of the assets . 
  agreed . 
  it 's not crazy to ask for guarantees when you ca n't trust your partners . 
  i do n't understand . 
  well , yes . 
  but i 'm thinking about a scenario where you can negotiate an agreement . 
  for instance you agree to a temporary ` grexit ' ( hate the word ) , and the troika agrees to delay debt repayment for a while . 
  right , so that means that in addition to cohesion funding , greece has also benefited from access to enormous , generally low-interest loans . 
  but somehow the bleeding hearts tell me that it 's greece that 's the real victim here . 
  well those other countries do n't need large amounts of fiat currency in order to reboot their economies . 
  they 're not in the same situation as greece . 
  also , all of them are * a lot * stabler than greece . 
   this means that greece will never be able to repay its debt . 
  but is n't that going to be the case either way ? 
  forget the debt . 
  you need an economy first . 
  debt payment can only come later . 
   so we 'll have shortages of basic stuff , social unrest and the debt wo n't be smaller . 
  that sounds plausible . 
  but it looks like you 'll get those things with the euro too . 
  you ca n't pay the debt at the moment , either way you turn it . 
  your best option seems to be rebooting your economy by using a devalued currency . 
  once your economy begins to generate revenues you can pay part of the debt . 
  as for the temporary shortages , it might be possible to negotiate a loan to prevent those , in exchange for the temporary ` grexit . ', 
  they joined the eu , won the cold war , and lived through three decades of prosperity . 
  i 'd call that a fat lot of good . 
  it has other things , for instance very good access to finland and russia . 
  this is such blatant disinformation that i get the feeling the greece * status quo * supporters have lost the argument are going for a fist fight . 
  the fund we are talking about is * not * a part of the proposal . 
  it is merely given as an * example * for illustration . 
  that was apparently a mistake , because it lends itself to misinterpretation , whether deliberate or not . 
  moreover the fund we 're discussing is * publicly owned * , and the only reason why sch\u00e4uble is chairman is because he 's a minister . 
  in every community there is still individual responsibility . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  explain to me , how is the greek government leftist except in name ? 
  they are left-wing when it comes to public * expenses * , but they 're right-wing when it comes to public * incomes * . 
  they want low taxation but a big budget . 
  that is also known as having your cookie and eating it . 
  yes , but not every economy needs to be export-driven . 
  there are in fact advantages to not being export-driven - you are less sensitive to the rest of the world . 
  that often goes for individuals too . 
  you lose your job because your ceo was an idiot or a thief ... next thing you 're bankrupt . 
  when you take loans , you take chances . 
  when it comes to countries , those chances are taken collectively . 
  it 's not fair to the minority of greeks who did n't support those governments . 
  but neither would it be fair to the rest of europeans to make them pay for greece 's mistakes forever . 
  that 's the downside of taking loans you should n't be taking . 
  why is it ok to do it with ordinary people but not with nations ? 
  ... and is also biased ( but so is everyone ) . 
  it 's easy to side with the ` rebels ' when you 're not their victims . 
  tons of people think the mafia is cool . 
  they think pirates were cool . 
  they think the vikings were cool . 
  now go ask the mafia 's and the pirates ' and the vikings ' victims . 
  busted !, 
  i never said it was . 
  it is up for discussion . 
  but that discussion must come from europe , not from people like krugman who have no stake in it other than their own ideology . 
   have you even been paying attention ? 
  greece is asking for a debt reduction by a certain amount , not a total amnesty . 
  but even that is politically impossible . 
  if greece gets a debt reduction , then it will only be fair for italy , spain , and portugal to demand the same . 
  but that would be financially impossible . 
  the ez has enough money for greece , but not enough for those much larger economies . 
  so the only just and fair thing they can do ( not to mention politically feasible ) is to apply the same rules in every case . 
  on reflection that is clearly not what it literally means . 
  it is probably a * consequence * , but you can not * force * other countries to give more money to greece just so they do n't look like they 're ` forcing ' greece . 
  besides the currency union belongs to all of its member states . 
  if the other member states do n't want to be in a currency union with greece , you ca n't force them to stay . 
  i thought every ez member had to do similar things in the future . 
  that 's why romania , who wants to join the euro , has agreed not to increase its deficit without approval from the european commission . 
  that is * not * a loss of sovereignty . 
  we are always free to back out of this arrangement if we want to . 
  but the ez is also free not to be in a currency union with us . 
  if you call people ` nazis , ' you 're sowing hysteria . 
  same with ` hostile takeover , ' ` surrender sovereignty , ' ` humiliation , ' etc. , etc. 
  agreed , and the most * national * of all is greece . 
  if you 're federalist , then implicitly you agree that the federation 's member states are not sovereign entities . 
  edit : so here i am doing nothing but explaining the consequences of a federation , and i get downvoted . 
  the spirits must be really hot today ... 
   the referendum caused the greek economy to tank further . 
  at the risk of being cheesy , this is a bit similar to heisenberg 's principle . 
  do n't feed him . 
  i would like to hear more about that . 
  how is greece 's * independence * affected if * other * countries do n't agree to give them money ? 
   totally false narrative it 's hard for anything to be * totally * false in such a complicated problem . 
  no , but they have all benefited tremendously . 
  the benefits in a partnership do n't normally take the same shape for everyone . 
  if i sell you my tomatoes , you benefit by eating tomatoes and i benefit by using the money to buy a bike . 
  well , i agree that if you take enough time then you can still go to war eventually . 
  but the point is , in practice it would take * a lot * of time and * a lot * of expense , not to mention no one would be able to bet on the benefits of taking the enemy by surprise after all those preparations . 
  edit : and the mere fact that you need so many preparations would give the hotheads time to cool down . 
  but that is only because sch\u00e4uble has a larger country behind him . 
  tourism is better in greece , but tourism in general is n't a big money-maker on its own . 
  tourism is a good way to build a nice international reputation . 
  its benefits are mostly indirect . 
  trade ? 
  we 're all in the eu , we can trade anywhere we want . 
  but if someone is taking over the greek trade , that is china . 
  they already * bought * their largest ports !,
