  economic aid would make sense . 
  but what would ` bringing them into the fold ' involve ? 
  to illustrate . 
  england and scotland ( and wales ) are a union . 
  unions are political . 
  anything that 's political will involve frictions that are n't always nice . 
  well , by the same reasoning the eu has no obligation to do anything either . 
  ukraine is not in the eu , and besides the eu has almost no military component at all . 
  well , that sounds similar to the threats made by england to scotland before the scottish referendum . 
  unions are messy affairs . 
   tunisia is a country near us that has become a fully fledged democracy , but the eu makes no effort to try and consolidate that . 
  but tunisia is not in europe , and we 're not democracy-exporting neocons . 
  those are promises made by a politician campaigning for a vote . 
  but there were wars in europe during that period , they just did n't happen in the eu . 
  there was a war between greece and turkey ( both of them nato members at the time ) . 
  then there was a war in cyprus . 
  there was a horrible war in yugoslavia . 
  there was a smaller war in georgia , and there is a very destructive war in ukraine as we speak . 
   non of the listed countries where nato members but greece and turkey were nato members and yet they had a war . 
   nor did they really have free trade agreements with one another to any significant extend yugoslavia was a federation . 
  that 's the strongest free trade agreement you can get . 
   additionally many of these countries where either non-democratic or with weak democracies . 
  and what brought democracy to southern , eastern , and central europe ? 
  european unification . 
  edit : so i respond point-by-point with cogent arguments , and i get downvoted . 
  i guess i should have gone for rhetoric instead ... 
  i agree that a free trade deal would achieve some of that , but it 's equally clear that it would be less effective than having large diasporas , a significant eu budget policy , and especially a currency union . 
   recent events with greece and ukraine show it 's impotent to boot i do n't think they show that . 
  you 're cherry-picking your examples . 
  what about the tremendously positive impact that european unification has had on the formerly fascist mediterranean , and on the formerly communist ` eastern europe ' ? 
  even greece was not a shred better off before it joined the eu than it is today . 
  now ukraine , you have a point there . 
  from a military standpoint , the eu has no power . 
  not even nato has enough power to do something meaningful about ukraine . 
   and what do people do when in a hostage situation ? 
  they look for an exit . 
  he 's talking about what would happen * after * brexit . 
  afair england threatened to withdraw capital from scotland . 
  unions are messy businesses . 
   on the western side it made future wars unimaginable , on the eastern side it helped former communist countries reform ... and on the southern side , it helped former fascist countries reform . 
  edit : also , the future-wars part applies to the eastern side too . 
  but it 's not guaranteed that you would get the free trade deal . 
  well , that 's the only interpretation on which they look smart . 
  now what if the eurozone decides to accept their present offer ? 
   work through its problem with it , no matter how long it takes but i 'm sure if you think about it you will realize that 's unreasonable . 
  no union can function like that . 
   when a country can be forced out against its wishes , it 's not really a union , is it ? 
  ca n't you say the same about divorce ? 
   there is a far better argument to say that nato was a driver for peace there has been a war between nato countries ( turkey and greece ) . 
  there has never been a war between eu countries , and there can not be one because their economies inter-depend and they would ruin themselves . 
  that was the entire original point of the ec/eu . 
   britain is a rich country . 
  it does n't need the eu . 
  i think that inference is questionable . 
  britain 's riches are n't independent of the eu . 
  britain was n't rich in 50s or the 60s , despite the close relation to the anglosphere . 
  if britain leaves the eu , then a lot of economic possibilities leave britain . 
  so let me understand what happened . 
  varoufakis the game theory genius comes to power promising to use his knowledge to win a big deal for greece . 
  his game theory expertise tells him to play mad ( mutually assured destruction ) against the entire rest of the world . 
  half a year later , he discovers that he 's not actually in a position to play mad . 
  meanwhile he has alienated most of europe to the point that they are n't even willing to accept their own original position anymore . 
  potential short story : he was an asshole and he fucked greece . 
  they 're long-term low-interest loans that do n't have much of a chance of being repaid in full , so they 're on the gift side of things . 
  i think it 's not obvious which way is better for the euro . 
  do you want every member of the eu to have the euro ? 
  then you must keep greece in the euro . 
  but on the other hand , is it * possible * for every member to have the euro ? 
  if that leads to even one more greece-like situation , then clearly not . 
  `` enough is enough '' -- that 's putting words in people 's mouths . 
  yes , i missed that . 
  so if this author is right then the reason why we did n't understand anything was because the greek government did n't understand anything . 
  the cut is only on food . 
  the prices are down overall 3 % , but they 're down 8.2 % on food . 
  you 're right that the merchants are pocketing the other 6.8 % of the difference . 
  well , that 's because they ca n't steal from the infrastructure projects any more ... 
  but the minimum wage does need to be raised . 
  i think it would be quite ok if they doubled it . 
  ( not overnight of course . ), 
  are france and germany now playing good cop bad cop ? 
  yes . 
  now speaking of the church , yes , the church can tell people to go to school , but so can the government if it actually uses its prerogatives . 
  ( for instance the government can fine the parents who do n't make sure their children go to school . ), 
  there 's almost no occurrences on google , and the two that i see are n't related to the orthodox fundies . 
  i see . 
  but notice that it 's actually the profit tax collection that increased by 43 % year-on-year . 
  vat collection increased 22 % . 
  where do you get those stats ? 
  i ca n't find them . 
  by the way , is that expression your invention ? 
  i 'm going to start calling them turbocons . 
  they drastically increased vat collection by cracking down on businesses that were n't paying it . 
  it 's not clear that this will cover the entire difference , especially because they also want to bring the general vat from 24 % back to 19 % where it was . 
  the european comission does n't want to approve the latter , because they think it will increase our deficit too much . 
  ( currently the deficit is very small . ), 
  sure , but that 's professional education , and you do n't get the equivalent of the bacalaureat , which is what we were talking about . 
  i do n't mean the fees . 
  i simply mean you ca n't have a country where everybody knows literature , physics , math , chemistry , and history at 12-grade level . 
  i did n't leave it out , i added it in . 
  not everybody can acquire a genuine 12-year education .
