  do n't give things to beggars , it only makes the begging worse . 
  ( and why do i even need to explain this ? ), 
  i 'm not glorifying anybody , you just have a moral duty to set them free . 
  i 'm referring to kurdistan , not to turkey . 
  but i 'm not saying turkey should be kurdistan . 
  i am talking about the region inhabited by kurds in the south-east , not about the rest of present-day turkey . 
  so what happened , did the kurds materialize out of thin air ? 
  just in case you 're serious , servers are dirt cheap these days . 
  proudly riding with my draco into the sunset . 
  but this is what you do n't understand , that country * is * kurdistan , it 's you who are taking their country , not the other way around . 
  it was a complex time then , but turkey is still denying the armenian genocide today . 
  those who deny the holocaust are typically neo-nazis , so what is the turkish establishment ? 
  also the kurdistan problems are very fresh , and probably not over yet . 
  in your case ( and ours ) , probably scythic/sarmatian . 
  i 'm not sure i understand . 
  neither is ok , not as far as i 'm concerned . 
  but you 're trying to whitewash the extremely evil practices of the ottoman turkey by comparing them to the resistance movements of the occupied populations . 
  you 're painting with very broad strokes . 
  the situation was probably different from village to village . 
  some of the turks were n't civilians to begin with . 
  others were working for the government . 
  others were supporting the government . 
  some of them no doubt just happened to be turkish , but even those were taking advantage of the colonial regime . 
  because the original magyars left almost no traces . 
  austrians , hungarians , and romanians have roughly the same ethnicity with different languages and cultures . 
  that 's a false equivalence anyway . 
  you 're equivalating the victims ' fighting back against the oppressors with the oppressors ' oppressing the victims . 
  you mean you 're counting ottoman victims all the way from the seventeenth century ? 
  what kind of comparison is that ? 
  i am talking about modern , centralized , militarized , nazi-style extermination , and that kind of thing was pioneered by turkey in world war i. edit : also the greeks and armenians who were resettled were not resettled to their ` home ' nations . 
  they already * were * in their home countries . 
  the greeks , armenians , kurds , and assyrians had been living there thousands of years before the turks invaded . 
  they were resettled to turkey , but they were n't exterminated . 
  from what i understand that convoy will take part in military exercises close to the black sea . 
  edit . 
  closer view : http://www.ziare.com/stiri/armata/un-transport-masiv-de-tancuri-si-blindate-americane-a-traversat-romania-video-1352929, 
   we all known left wing parties are the best right ? 
  they 're not the best right but at least they 're the best left . 
  sorry could n't resist . 
  it 's no less accurate than polish people 's conception of romania . 
   i consider them just as unwelcome as the soviets were in post-war romania if you reflect on that you will realize how absurd it is . 
  the soviets came as invaders , the americans were invited ( and we * really * wanted to join nato ) . 
  how can your invitees be just as unwelcome as the invaders ? 
  in 1945 there was close to no such thing as a communist in romania . 
  later , it was a different story . 
  you should stop putting words in my mouth . 
  i identify as transylvanian and that 's all . 
  of course i do not only identify as transylvanian , if that 's what bothers you . 
  in europe , yes . 
  source ? 
  i 've seen many of them begging on the streets . 
  now you may want to claim that all of them just happened to be accidentally dismembered , but how ? 
  the practice of course does originate from india . 
  why does the region need to exist ` oficially ' ? 
  the region clearly exists in reality , and so does the identity . 
   you 're no better than the jobbik idiots that 's just patently dumb . 
  i hope for your own well-being that you 're trolling . 
  what about those of us who are outside the country though ? 
   if roma people sell children into forced marriage they should be subject to punisment to the full extent of the law . 
  some of them will also mutilate their children to make them more effective beggars . 
  not exaggerating ( but notice that i said * some * ) . 
  if we saw the same recent romanian poll , then it rated ukraine better than russia . 
   i mean this anti corruption spree started in the last year . 
  well it started four years ago , but it intensified last year . 
  i hear it from the guardian , who report under the following not-the-onion title : '' ` yes means yes ' laws will not actually reclassify all sex at universities as rape . '', 
  http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/oct/07/yes-means-yes-sex-rape-universities more background on this kind of law ( this time in the us ) : http://time.com/3222176/campus-rape-the-problem-with-yes-means-yes/, 
  on the other hand , pakistanis do n't compete on the job market as much as europeans do , and that 's what the working class is actually concerned with . 
  the ` benefits ' argument is a pretext . 
  if they actually cared about benefit-immigration , then it 's not european immigrants who would be their focus . 
  i hear it 's starting to make itself felt in the uk . 
  and german is foreign in germany , french is foreign in belgium , and both german and french are foreign in luxembourg . 
  i take it the op meant second languages , not foreign . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about overall , but does his treatment of the alevi minority count as freedom of religion , or does his treatment of journalists count as much freer speech ? 
  not that i 'm trying to defend his kemalist predecessors . 
  turkey unfortunately has to choose between fascists and islamists . 
  there is also a liberal camp , but they never had any significant political power , and it does n't look like they will . 
  i think you 're conflating liberalism and democracy . 
  erdogan did some * democratic * reforms at first , but he never did any liberal reforms . 
  i disagree . 
  many italians are criminals , but many are not . 
  yeah they 're just burning coal . 
  / s you 're assuming that the energy consumption has stayed the same , but it has n't . 
  it has gone down . 
  on top of that there are recent investments in additional hydro , nuclear , wind , and solar energy . 
  i can guarantee you that romania had an equal educational approach and applied the same educational standards to everybody for the 45 years of the communist regime . 
  treaty of trianon much ? 
  from a legal standpoint the unification happened because of the international treatises . 
  that 's why transnistria is not a country despite what the transnistrians say . 
  i said at the end of the war . 
  they helped romania a lot at the end of wwi . 
  how about that ? 
  why would they intervene in romania ? 
  we were able to take care of ourselves , were n't we ? 
  i do n't understand you . 
  romania was on russia 's side too , and by choice . 
  i also fail to understand at least half the rest of your list . 
  ` no western reaction to the romanian revolution . ', 
  what ? 
  not intelligent , but at least they should n't promote obvious falsities and absurdities . 
  that kind of thing does n't come from mere stupidity .
