  it 's very difficult to deal with overt and explicit racism . 
  well that is true , no doubt . 
  however , the ignorance in poland ( about romania ) is a lot worse than anywhere else i can think of . 
  edit : i am told it 's the same in the czech republic . 
  fml . 
  that was n't my purpose . 
  it 's not like i have anything to prove to you . 
   so you should treat that poll more like the an answer for question what do we feel for ` gypsy beggars ' and not romanian . 
  that is a fallacy . 
  if poles think romanians are gypsy beggars , then that 's how they feel about romanians , not only how they feel about beggars . 
  if i thought poles are russian alcoholics , then you would n't say `` of but that 's not how he feels about poles . '', 
   most people think you 're gypsies in other words most poles are ignorant racists . 
  ( not that i did n't know that already , but it 's nice to be reminded . ), 
  do n't take that it personally though , i am fully aware that * some * poles are not ignorant racists . 
  edit : accidentally a word . 
  edit 2 : if you 're downmodding , is it because you do n't agree that poles are ignorant racists ? 
  if you do n't agree with that , then what about the comment i 'm replying to ? 
  is it perhaps a lie ? 
  `` it 's been signed '' that sounds like you 're reporting on a football transfer . 
  honestly i felt it was kind of cheesy , and the pictures were n't matched well . 
  you 're not evil , you 're just the naive white kid who went to college and learned that all problems will be solved if only you talk to people . 
  that is one of the new provisions , but it 's not the only one . 
  read the whole article . 
  i do n't understand your comment . 
  you are under the impression that i am opposed to the migration of skilled workers and professionals . 
  i am not opposed to that . 
  on the contrary , i support that . 
  but i also support the migration of gypsies . 
  you , on the other hand , want to pick and choose , buy yourself the nice apples , and throw the bad ones away . 
  and that is not a fair partnership . 
  especially because you will then blame us for not ` solving the gypsy problem , ' as if we knew how to do that any better than you do . 
  sure i 'm not saying turn anyone away , and i understand very well why the doctors are leaving . 
  all that i 'm saying is do n't pick and choose , not if you think of the eu as a fair partnership as opposed to a human grocery store . 
   gypsies 99 percent wont do it ... and everybody knew that when the treaties were signed . 
   it would be much better to treat those people well , talk to them , find out how to reach the roma community in romania , and then use this knowledge to talk to the romanian government because the romanian government is literally made of dum-dum monkeys and they have n't been trying for decades . 
  obviously these romanian monkeys need the great white swede to teach them how to talk to the roma community . 
  it 's just a damn hard problem , and if you bothered to move your precious white ass and learn about it , it probably would n't take you more than two months to turn into yet another neo-fascist . 
  there are plenty of things i dislike about my government , but i can well distinguish between my government and my country . 
  same goes for germany and same goes for the eu . 
   either this is legal under eu law , then i do n't know what your point is . 
  even if it happens to be legal ( on which i 'm no expert ) , the important point is that it 's dishonest and it 's taking advantage of the poorest countries in the union . 
  because our deal applies just as well to doctors as it applies to gypsies . 
  there is no distinction in the european treaties between educated professionals , uneducated but hard-working employees , and gypsies . 
  i am not mad for joining the eu at all . 
  i think the eu is a great idea and i certainly support it . 
  according to germany , gypsies from romania belong in romania , but doctors from romania belong in germany . 
  same for britain , only worse . 
  edit : i will put this here , because it summarizes my reply to many people in this thread . 
  romania has some societal problems ( e.g. , gypsies ) and some societal resources ( e.g. , doctors ) . 
  germany has some societal resources ( e.g. , money ) and some societal problems ( e.g. , ageing population , not enough young doctors for the old patients ) . 
  now germany thinks it 's ok to solve its problems with romania 's resources . 
  but germany does n't think it 's ok for romania to solve its problems with germany 's resources . 
  here 's what i propose : if romanian doctors create economic value in germany and not in romania , then germany can not simply refuse responsibility for romania 's problems . 
  if they want to send the ( non-working ) gypsies back , that 's fine in principle , but then they should also help defray the cost of caring for them , especially because that cost is lower in romania . 
  ( all the same applies for programmers instead of doctors , or for bulgaria instead of romania , or for the uk instead of germany , etc. ), 
   does nato the largest military alliance in the world , need to defend it 's credibility , has anyone questioned our credibility ? 
  yes they have questioned it . 
  the question is not whether nato is large , the question is whether it 's ready to stand by its allies in need . 
  that 's not the same as joining the eurozone . 
  you know what , fuck the european commission . 
  they should know better than to try to sell ` diversity ' by perpetuating stupid stereotypes . 
  with that kind of attitude why do n't they draw a hitler moustache on germany ? 
  at least that would be true history and not a dumb fantasy . 
  we can already buy gas from russia if we want to , so what does this have to do with the number of suppliers ? 
  jobbik are very clearly pro-russian . 
  fidesz are more ambiguous . 
  edit : in fact jobbik like to pretend that they are n't even european , they are ` asian . ', 
  i suppose that 's because the old magyars came from just across the urali mountains . 
  nevermind that the bulk of the hungarian population does not descend from the magyars anyway . 
  yes , and hungary has gypsies too . 
  besides , i 'd take gypsies over nazis any day , they are far less dangerous . 
  bucharest is the safest capital in the eu , and my own city in transylvania is practically the garden of eden , although it does have its gypsies ( who are very peaceful aside from some begging ) . 
  as for war and defending their country , you should know that the hungarian right wing is very vehemently pro-russia , so who exactly would they be defending against ? 
  poland , perhaps ? 
  / r/europe is not a news reddit , though . 
  well hungary has far , far more neo-nazis than we do . 
  but i 'm guessing to * your * mind that counts as ` better . ', 
   and some call us overly nationalistic/xenophobic , tsk , tsk ... you may not be xenophobic toward germans , but many of you are toward romanians . 
  i am romanian and i am not at all surprised to learn that this picture is from bucharest . 
  what do you think is so strage about that ? 
  i 'm not sure i like the way you put it , but you make a convincing case . 
  why you say no ? 
  we too eats potato . 
  yes i know . 
  yay we is fastest growers in eu !, 
   at the end of the 1960s when the romanian economy collapsed under the communist regime no , it did n't . 
  the economy collapsed in the 1980s . 
  it was doing well at the end of the 60s . 
  i do n't anybody who cares , not even a tiny little . 
  i doubt that it 's hate though . 
  well , perhaps there is xenophobia , but p_z was saying that it 's ` just ' xenophobia , not racism . 
  why not ? 
  two ethnicities can both be white-skinned , but still distinct ethnicities . 
  in the nineteenth century there was plenty of inter-european racism . 
  yep . 
  unfortunately european gypsies still obey many of the laws that were imposed of them in india as ` untouchables ' . 
  e.g. , some of the tribes have laws against washing or against working . 
  obviously this seems calculated to perpetuate their exclusion , and it succeeds . 
   it 's implied as he asks of ways to identify the people who look similar to those in your pictures he never even replied to the comment in which i link to the pictures . 
  perhaps you should stop mixing vodka and reddit .
