is that an asteroid ? 
  that makes sense but it does n't seem to be a reasonable interpretation of the kierkegaard quote . 
   kierkgaard said the truth always rests with the minorities . 
  which ones in particular ? 
  there 's plenty of minorities and they do n't agree with each other . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't criticize them . 
  especially when they 're financed from the public budget . 
  i have the right to vote and if you do n't like that then you can fuck off . 
  what was the purpose of those declarations and why were they introduced ? 
  it was already illegal to vote twice even without them . 
  the only people causing problems are the romanian government who ( dis ) organized the elections , and the french government who hires ignorant pigs to take care of its cities . 
   they should represent us . 
  well , ponta does n't . 
  incidentally , i was close to a voting station abroad today . 
  i wanted to vote , but could n't , because the line was so ( artificially ) long that i would have missed my train . 
  i was n't planning to travel to a voting station for the second round , but this pissed me off so badly that i will . 
  good job ponta , now we will all make sure to vote you out !, 
  and how can you tell that by being an observer in romania , seeing that these are voting stations abroad ? 
   1959 -- 2011 basque conflict  1968 -- 1998 the troubles  1988-present islamic terrorism ... none of which is a war between members of the eu . 
  do i really need to explain this ? 
  the publication should mind its own medieval country , especially when they 're tories , which they are . 
  the telegraph is a british publication . 
  british government in a medieval time warp : in london , bishops appointed de jure to the upper legislative chamber are still the norm . 
   hungary has exquisite cuisine , i 'd be so fat if i were hungarian that 's exactly what i thought in budapest . 
  it 's not necessarily lies , they often believe it . 
  you 'd be surprised how ignorant people can be . 
  heck , i still get surprised now and then . 
  skin color does n't matter much in this respect , because i 'm white too . 
  all i know is that people act perfectly normally until they learn i 'm from romania , upon which their attitude changes quite suddenly and for the worse . 
  obviously that 's not everybody , but it 's a lot of people . 
   people know what they are . 
  racist people are generally proud of it . 
  overt racists are proud of it , but they 're not the only racists . 
  it is entirely possible to be racist and not to know it . 
  since you want research , here 's a pointer to start from : https://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/ as for brits not caring about their neighbors , how then did farage manage to get so many votes ? 
   and i think that you are leeching of eu money and you 're wrong . 
  we pay more to the eu budget than we get from it . 
  edit : i double-checked that and i was exaggerating . 
  we do receive much less than you might think , though . 
  what i 'm saying is that i do n't think it 's true that they care less about the race of who lives next to them . 
  they * think * they care less , but they are wrong . 
  what i mean is that the study is based on the attitudes reported by people in the uk . 
  they may think they 're nice and friendly , but they 're not . 
  according to the uk ... 
   the more romanians that come settle in the uk in their hundreds of thousands how many romanians are there in the uk ? 
  fta :  it is n't just that they have different opinions about the same event ; it is that they believe in a different set of facts . 
  so it 's not facts that differ , it 's opinions about facts . 
  i did think about the black market explanation . 
  that used to be very common , but i 'm not sure if it 's still the case . 
  once again , that is very implausible . 
  i 'm assuming what they did was they counted the many rural people who are self-employed in agriculture , and because they do n't receive wages , they listed them as $ 0 . 
  not to say that these agriculturists have high incomes , because they do n't . 
  but they 're higher than 0 . 
  you mean dacia 1300 ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it was the most ` popular ' car in romania for a long time . 
  for what it 's worth the wages are up , so it might benefit the community overall . 
  the cars are mostly made , and mostly designed , in romania . 
  part of the design comes from france , and some of the cars are made in ( even ) cheaper places , but all in all it 's still a romanian brand ( at least for now ) . 
  the carpathians are easy to cross , and to my knowledge there have been numerous turkish attacks on sibiu , including long-term sieges . 
  not to mention that transylvania was a turkish vassal for a while . 
  income can consist in wage , rents , interest , dividends , or money received from your relatives who work abroad . 
  uhm not that working in romania does n't suck , but the figure on this map seems to be unrealistically low . 
  also the map is of average net wages , while the op 's title says ` net incomes . ', 
  average income ! = average wage . 
  the curriculum depends on the country , but in any case , how could there possibly be any significant contemporary engineering without trignonometry or second degree equations ? 
  that tells us something bad about the average person , but not about math . 
  and what about the non-average person ? 
  funny because that 's also what the poles imagine . 
  not all poles are cossaks either . 
   if this keeps up for another 5 years , we 'll be a corruption free government for the first time in the history of the country . 
  or in the history of any country . 
  ` even ' romania ? 
  romania is pretty cool for foreigners , it only sucks for romanians . 
  if anything that 0.1 % on this map is way underestimated , or out of date . 
  well italy looks like a boot but none of my boots look like italy . 
  you even look like a belt . 
  i understood the sarcasm , but i 'm just saying , * even if * you think it 's important to post to facebook , it 's still a bad deal . 
  not everywhere . 
  these places in former eastern europe are extremely secularized : * east germany * czech republic * estonia others are in between , e.g. , bulgaria , hungary , slovakia . 
  others are very religious , e.g. , croatia , romania , poland . 
  not so much . 
  the most religious romanians are clearly in moldova . 
  edit : for people from other countries , we are talking about the historic region of moldavia , whose core lies in romania . 
  yeah but you ca n't watch properly if you 're taking pictures at the same time . 
  same thing at museums . 
  yep . 
  especially the one by ateliers nomad . 
  i have n't seen the polish one yet . 
  uhm ... nice that you know romanian , but at first i thought your message was a poor attempt at sarcasm . 
  then i realized you were serious , which is quite bizarre . 
  just to make a few things clear : i am not orthodox . 
  in general , most of the educated romanians are not particularly religious , and anyway religion has nothing to do with energy production . 
  and last time we cared about the turks was when we finally kicked them out of our country forever ( i hope ) , and that was more than a hundred years ago . 
  the grammar is also modified in romanian ( sub ) dialects . 
  for instance , in oltenia they use the perfect simple . 
  they do n't use it anywhere else with very small exceptions . 
  contemporary linguistics is very generous with the label ` dialect , ' and by contemporary standards there are dialects in ( daco - ) romanian . 
  they tend to be very similar , but nevertheless . 
  also , a few of them are fairly distinctive , for instance the one in maramures and the one spoken nowaways in the republic of moldova . 
  well , that 's interesting to know .
