   it is just so disingenuous to imply syriza has anything to do with measures not working in greece . 
  right before syriza came to power , greece had 18 uninterrupted months of economic stability . 
  the first 9 were very small recession , the next 9 were modest growth . 
  yes , but i * support * greece issuing its own currency !, 
  i take it by the doctor you mean the imf . 
  the doctor is incompetent , but the patient was terminal too . 
  my thoughts on this : it 's people reading the future in tea leaves . 
  look what happened to the ` russian regeneration ' they thought was so certain and ` multi-vectored . ', 
  i 'll tell you one thing : it 's no longer certain to anyone . 
  rules are rules and we all agreed on them . 
  you may take an image hit , but you can do it . 
  depends . 
  did patient # 4 take the medicine consistently , or did he elect a government that stopped doing it ? 
  was patient # 4 otherwise as healthy as the other three , or did patient # 4 have a harder case ? 
  the european project is the europeans ' project . 
  what does the european project consist in ? 
  it consists in choices made by europeans , made on the basis of values and principles . 
  krugman may be an economist , although a very doctrinary one . 
  but he is not a european . 
  he is not in a position to tell us what our project ought to be . 
  how did the us rejuvenate the economy ? 
  from what i understand they issued huge amounts of fiat dollars , and they started to exploit lots of natural resources ( shale oil ) . 
  just to be clear , this has n't really helped the average american directly , but it has stabilized the economy . 
  now as for greece , they do n't have many natural resources . 
  they have ports , but they kind of already sold them . 
  so what can they do ? 
  get out of the euro and print drachmas . 
  i 'm not * certain * that would work , but it 's the only thing they can try . 
  less cars , sure , why not ? 
  greeks may spend less than the euro area average , but keep in mind that the euro area spends a lot . 
  i am entirely convinced that greeks are no less able than bulgarians or romanians to live on lesser expenses . 
  now there 's another problem in greece ... a lot of greeks are pretty poor , but then a lot of other greeks are * seriously * rich . 
  the rich ones must reduce their expenses more than the poor ones . 
  this is what left-wing governments are supposed to be good at , but syriza has been focusing on playing mad against the world . 
  the original topic was n't tourism , but simply the notion of ` acquiring ' countries . 
  somebody then brought up tourism . 
   that is now publicly threatening one of its own with ruination unless it surrenders . 
  keep in mind that until a week ago it was greece who was threatening to take down the eurozone . 
  edit :  nonsense , argued others such as now-ousted finance minister yanis varoufakis : greece would get the best bailout terms , including less austerity and more debt relief , if it waited until the last moment before debt default . 
  europe would get scared of the destabilizing fallout from a greek euro exit , this camp argued . 
  perhaps the wsj should stop using loaded metaphors . 
  cheers man !, 
  it is also possible to reduce the trade deficit by consuming less . 
  in greece 's case , i think they also need a devalued drachma on top of reduced consumption . 
  yes . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there was a bubble in the usa , and they did n't reject austerity . 
  maybe you mean : why did exactly the countries who needed austerity have the hardest time getting back to bubble levels . 
  well , maybe that 's because bubble levels were particularly inflated in those countries , so the bubbles burst the worst . 
  sure , they benefit from it , and we benefit from it . 
  we also get a ton of non-economic benefits on top . 
  our anti-corruption campaign would n't have been possible without the eu . 
  we have millions of citizens who work abroad and send billions of euros to romania every year . 
  and i could continue . 
  i 'm talking about the greek game of mad . 
  until a week ago the syriza strategy has been to argue that if they fail , then they will drag the entire eurozone with them . 
  a week ago the eurozone decided not to believe that the greeks can do actually do that , so now the mad game is over . 
  ( maybe another game will begin to replace it . ), 
  can you explain ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  it 's not like we give them $ 7.5 billion for free . 
  we give them money , they give us goods and services . 
  i know , they are richer than a lot of european countries , including some that are supposed to bail them out ( slovakia , estonia ) . 
  do n't expect the bleedinghearts to care about who needs the care the most . 
  they just play favorites like everyone else . 
   greece had no currency it can manipulate yes , but neither did ireland , slovakia , cyprus , and ( from 2011 ) estonia . 
  ( as a side note , i agree that greece needs a currency it can manipulate . 
  but i think it also needs austerity on top of that . ), 
   within the eurozone no country under austerity has yet reached their prior gdp , employment , gini coefficient , or anything else you might want to measure well , that is quite possible , but remember that the peak numbers in 2008 were due to a bubble economy , and there 's no reason why we should expect those short-lived numbers to return any time soon . 
  fair enough . 
  i assume it would be somewhere in between . 
  not as rich as ten years ago , but not as poor as it can get if it keeps doing what it 's currently doing . 
  that might be right . 
  but the ecb 's policy is legally required by the treatises that created the currency union , and those are precisely the treatises that greece insisted on joining ( while falsifying their statistics to meet the requirements ) . 
  they knew what they were doing . 
  edit : also , i 'm not arguing against a strawman . 
  i 'm talking precisely to those random people on reddit who you call strawmen :-), 
  what 's tourism got to do with it ? 
  estonia is not about tourism . 
  yes , it is not a robbery . 
  robbery is only an example . 
  it is , however , the game of mad ( mutually assured destruction ) , and that ai n't so nice either . 
  germany is also taking a big image hit over it . 
  the general point is that you can be the victim even if you actually have more money than the perpetrator . 
  they have a land border with russia and they 're building a tunnel to finland . 
  also they have more resources than mere location . 
  take for instance a robbery . 
  in a robbery , the victim is the one who gets robbed . 
  even if the victim is a ` financial powerhouse . ', 
  germany does have money , but they did n't get it by cheating on greece . 
  do n't use exactly zimbabwe of all examples . 
  what about the usa ? 
  what about the uk ? 
  they 've survived the crisis just fine , and they used fiat currency . 
  i agree . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the way it works . 
  what i have in mind is that many have been claiming that greece was somehow taken advantage of by germany or by the eu , and that is demonstrably false . 
  so now we can trust them because they went back on their going back on the reforms ? 
   yeah , naturally , schauble will be in a fantastic position to ` manage ' that money for the maximum profit of - surprise surprise - germany . 
  but that is not a part of the proposal .
