  edit : the stance is pretty clear the way i see it . 
  we oppose them in principle , but regrettably they were voted into law and we signed treatises that commit us to respecting that law . 
  are you even aware that romania voted * against * the quotas along with hungary , slovakia , and the czech republic ? 
  i do n't know . 
  there is gdp ppp , and then there is purchasing power . 
  in romania our wages are disproportionately small compared to our production , so we ca n't buy much compared to what we produce . 
  i agree that it 's got to be much higher in romania than in moldova , but at the same time gdp ppp does n't tell the story about how much the people are actually benefiting . 
  the difference is growing but the ratio is shrinking . 
  you 're right as far as that goes , but south sudan is still a poor example . 
  they grew so fast because they recovered from a war , not just because they were n't a developed country . 
  it worked in mali . 
  does ` castration ' also apply to female cats ? 
  because if you castrate 99 % of the males but do n't sterilize the females , you will have just about the same number of kittens as before ( only less diverse ) . 
  in chess there is such a thing as a forced move . 
  they want you to do it , but it 's also the best thing you have left to do . 
  well i have n't seen the other posts and i come here often . 
  can you link me to them ? 
   it is the largest growth compared to the last 3 months , but still growth overall , cehia and most probably ireland will take the cake . 
  fta :  when compared to the third quarter of 2014 , romania 's gross economic product ( gdp ) went up by 3.6 % , the second highest increase in the eu , after that posted by the czech republic , of 4.3 % . 
  poland 's gdp also increased by 3.6 % in q3 2015 compared to the same quarter of last year . 
  czech rep. yes , but ireland less so . 
   i would like to remind them to be serious * he * is telling the rest of us to be serious ? 
  ridiculous . 
  they do n't even know who the refugees are , how many they are , where they are from , or what their names are , so how do they know how much crime they are committing today , and more importantly how do they know how much crime they will commit once they settle in ? 
   it might be that it 's become simply unenforceable due to twitter/cell phones/etc and there being enough people willing to flaunt the law : shutting these down might cause major problems . 
  you could try to jam the networks in that area . 
  of course that would have side effects so i do n't know if it 's better or worse . 
  wait , why are you putting words in my mouth ? 
  i did n't say that either . 
  i thought you were one of the people who claim we should n't attack isis ` because that 's what they want ' . 
  yes , it is hard to understand . 
  how exactly do you propose to ` not make them stronger , ' but sitting there and taking it quietly ? 
  maybe it 's time we stop worrying about what isis want or about what we think they want . 
  maybe it 's time we start worrying about how to stop them . 
  what * on earth * is wrong with you if you think the biggest of all problems is stereotyping ? 
  no , just a casual decision taken in an office . 
   the land left behind is bought by whom ? 
  no , the land is n't left behind . 
  there are still millions of villagers working it . 
  the land was stolen right from beneath their feet . 
  you make a few good points otherwise . 
  where is solidarity ? 
  i 'm sure the ec will organize quotas to distribute the detainees all over europe !, 
  i see . 
  they actually wanted to destroy the village too . 
  edit : but the worst part was they wanted to build an artificial cyanide lake held in place by a dam . 
  imagine if there 's a catastrophe and the dam breaks , it would probably kill the whole danube and half the black sea . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean , but apparently there are dozens of villages in this situation that we know of . 
  zarand just happens to be where the villagers spoke out first . 
  then we 'd better get that started right now . 
  somehow i doubt our efficacy though . 
  and those are n't the ancestors of the redditor you 're talking to . 
  actually we have one of the lowest birthrates in the world , but at least it 's not decreasing any more . 
  as / u/vacaroiu noticed in / r/romania , this started nine months after last year 's presidential elections were swinged by a popular protest movement . 
  people must probably think that there is a future . 
  here 's hoping that they are right . 
  3 million ? 
  how about 15 million at this rate ? 
  it also means you get to pay those builders . 
  because supposedly the people are n't supposed to care about corruption as long as you throw them some money . 
  but those are ethnic groups . 
  your subethnic groups would be people who are kind of italian , but kind of something else . 
  that 's what i remember too . 
  there was the cumanic empire at the time and they did have some incursions in the south . 
  the city of iasi in moldavia is probably called after them . 
  they were all over the place at some time or other . 
  from what i know there used to be a szekely group in present-day hungary too , but they assimilated completely . 
  szekelys are said to originate from a turkic group , maybe the avars , or even the huns . 
  they adopted the hungarian language , but they were considered a distinct group throughout the middle ages . 
  the j\u00e1sz are actually the same as ossetians or alans , am i right ? 
  there 's also the [ szekelys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sz%c3%a9kelys ) among the hungarians . 
  no this : o/o, 
   7 % is also quite an exact number , i want to know how they got to that . 
  you have a point . 
  7 is also a number that people think about when they make things up . 
   bosca 's method for obtaining ownership of the land is complex , but the following is what we could gather . 
   in 2010 , bosca took necrilescu and 12 other villagers to court in the town of ineu , claiming that they had reneged on a deal to sell her land . 
  she presented preliminary contracts , stating that the villagers had agreed to sell her almost 30 hectares of land in total . 
   the hearing was over quickly . 
  neither necrilescu nor any of the other defendants appeared at the hearing or gave any form of defence , and necrilescu claims he has no awareness the case ever took place . 
  but a judge named florita bolos , who was sentenced last year to four years in jail for forgery and taking bribes , ruled in bosca 's favour , granting her official ownership of the land and allowing her to sell it on to rabo farm . 
   this court case , and the ownership documents provided by bosca , are now under investigation by state prosecutors at the nearby court of chisineu cris , under charges of forgery of private documents , forgery of official documents , and abuse of office . 
   this exact same procedure was used by another of rabo farm 's intermediaries ; an austrian owned company called bardeau holding romania , which sold rabo farm over 1,200 hectares of farmland in western romania . 
   through judge bolos , bardeau holding acquired land from at least 148 villagers in zarand , at least seven plots of which now belong to rabo farm . 
  bardeau 's dealings with bolos over this land is now under investigation by romania 's top law enforcement agency , the national agency for anti-corruption . 
   an analysis of court records involving rabo farm 's subsidiaries in romania suggest that a pattern of buying land with contested ownership extends far beyond zarand . 
   in dolj county , on the other side of the country , a rabo farm subsidiary called kamparo investment is being sued for buying land that the owner also claims he never sold . 
   in another case from a court near the bulgarian border , kamparo investment settled out of court after the company was sued by five landowners whose farmland they had bought through intermediaries . 
  the landowners argued that their land had been illegally taken , after new and illegitimate ownership papers were issued by an office in the local council . 
  kamparo agreed to give them their land back . 
  maybe , but i was n't thinking about that . 
  i was simply thinking self-selection , as in ` hey guys , 24 of you can stay with the two dudes who are gay and live together . 
  who wants to do it ? ', 
  sure , that 's why i said ` and if the story is true . ', 
  were the 24 a random sample of refugees , or were they selected for this purpose ? 
  if they were a properly randomized sample and if the story is true then it is relevant , but if they voluntarily agreed to stay with the gay men then of course it 's no surprise that they did n't attack them . 
  edit : in fact i would n't be surprised if half the volunteers were ( closeted ) gay themselves . 
  are we to understand that he 's embezzling the foundation 's money ? 
  if they foundation actually gives the money to smurd , then what 's the problem ? 
  and if he gets paid a ( reasonable ) wage by the same foundation , then once again what 's wrong with that ?
