  now they 're working abroad , earning money , and even sending some of it back . 
  the more reasonable concern is not with the cheap manual workers , but with the brain drain . 
  that 's where we might be losing ( and germany and the uk gaining ) . 
  honestly the more you post the dumber you seem . 
   most of eastern and southern europe would be better off if they had n't been forced in a common market with strong economies such as germany . 
  the romanian economy has been much better off for joining the common market , and i 'm pretty sure that is also true about the other countries . 
   just look at what 's happening to greece what 's happening to greece has nothing to do with the common market and everything to do with the common currency . 
  you have a poor recollection of things you 've read in the papers ( or in their comment sections ) , and you 're reciting these things through your ass . 
   no offense taken . 
  i hope you 're speaking for yourself . 
   so fuck off kraut you 're not doing anyone any services , little pig . 
   it 's a joke that the country in its current state was allowed to join the eu was it also a joke when west germany was allowed to join nato in 1955 although its administration was still full of nazis ? 
   it fails since it does n't affect others but it * does * affect others . 
  what about the famous incident when she disinvited white men from a university event ? 
  i do n't see how ` romani ' is ` fit for the english language . ', 
  here are there options that would be far more english-sounding : * romsh * romish * rom pl . 
  romas or roms, 
   it seems very academic and petty . 
  it is a very real distinction in many ways . 
  for instance people often assume that i can speak russian , and that would very probably be true if we were a post-soviet country , but we are n't . 
  ( once in a while there 's a fool who thinks i really * can * speak russian but do n't want to acknowledge it . 
  of course that fool is always western . ), 
   yes , i understand . 
  they 're post-soviet though but not an ex-soviet republic . 
  i 'm sorry but i am now convinced that you 're trolling everyone in this thread . 
  yes , but it was not a soviet republic . 
   i ca n't understand why this is so important and i see this treads everywhere on reddit for weeks . 
  that is because justice has not been done yet . 
  i 'm not entirely sure about ` romani . ', 
  it 's not a real noun and it does n't mean ` gypsies ' in any real language . 
  it is the feminine form of an adjective . 
  so how did ` romani ' come to be used in english to mean the same as ` roma ' or ` gypsies ' ? 
  i suspect it was a hare-brained scheme by do-gooders who wanted to improve the roma people 's image by making their name easy to confuse with ` romanian . ', 
  the scheme backfired . 
  regrettably it did n't backfire against the do-gooders but rather against innocent romanians . 
  ` post-soviet ' is a term for the former soviet republics . 
  there are fifteen of those , and moldova is indeed one of them , but romania is not . 
  it 's not a caricature . 
  i hear it in real life from real academics . 
   so are you trying to contradict my point or just going for a typical ` whataboutism ' ? 
  i 'm not trying to contradict your point . 
  i simply do not know what your point is , unless it 's to annoy me . 
  if you seriously think the news is n't surprising , then you 're woefully ignorant . 
  it even surprises * me * to hear this news about gypsies , because i thought the beggar gangs did not steal the children ( contrary to legend ) , but bought them . 
  here 's a few quotes : * `` cultural imperialism '' * `` robbing them of their culture '' * `` intolerance '' * `` eurocentrism '', 
  right , and given how many brits there are in syria overall , there is an unusually high number of brits involved in isis . 
  i still do n't understand your broader point . 
  so in other words the first result you found settles the question . 
  how did that not help ? 
  the problem is only the second of those sides is racist , but the first side will also be vilified as racist by the sjws . 
   romanians are involved in a disproportionate amount of crime in the uk . 
  indeed ; the same as uk citizens are involved in a disproportionate amount of crime in syria and in iraq . 
  before you wonder what point i 'm trying to make , ask yourself what point * you * are trying to make . 
  it 's a cliche but i do n't know how common it is . 
  it may have been common in the past though . 
  croatia and montenegro are also cheap though . 
   the conditions that launched european prosperity after 1945 are eroding , regardless of how long germany keeps paying greece . 
  are those post-1945 conditions what this article calls ` white privilege ' ? 
  it does n't have to be a mysterious coincidence . 
  maybe the terrorists decided to take advantage of the situation . 
  neither . 
   and you are ? 
  please introduce yourself redditor for 14 days !, 
  you talk like the political police . 
   it says that the goverment is censoreing and closeing tv stations when the fact is far from it what it says is the govt . 
  closed a1 television . 
  is that true ? 
  what pipeline are we talking about ? 
  south stream was already canceled . 
  the one through turkey , if built , would go to greece and bulgaria and would n't need macedonia . 
   the internet is free that 's what the article says too . 
  where do you see the contradiction ? 
   no racism here . 
   i mentioned white capitalists because it 's a damn trope . 
  this neo-fascist crap brought to you by the ministry of justice ^ \u2122 . 
  anybody who can do that with impunity is important . 
  it 's not who they are , it 's what they 're doing . 
  op 's link is for 2015 . 
  the submission is mislabeled ( by op ) . 
  he 's right though . 
  there are many like her in academia . 
  and the worst thing is not their number , the worst thing is that nobody dares to challenge them . 
  if she can get away with all that she 's been doing , then yes , it 's continent-level news . 
  what happens in london does n't stay in london . 
  first , the word ` anti-social ' does n't mean what you think it means . 
  ( but look it up , it 's interesting . ), 
  and second , you say :  angry people is more bold to promulgate their ideas nowdays the best example of what you 're saying is sjws like the one we 're talking about . 
  but somehow i get the impression that 's not who you have in mind . 
  funny how hate is no longer righteous when it turns against sjws . 
  you 're right that context matters , but she has already disinvited all white men from a university event , and she has already been in the middle of controversy ever since . 
  given the context i would say she is guilty . 
  the more replies i get , the better i 'm aware of the possibilities . 
   this increase in gnp ( improvement in the domestic economy ) we still need to understand this . 
  g ** d ** p = gross domestic product . 
  gnp = gross national product . 
  if a company is registered in ireland but produces in spain , then its production will be counted toward ireland 's gnp , but how does that actually reflect the economic activity in ireland ? 
  it looks like the gdp is the better indicator , not the gnp . 
  the fact that the gnp is higher confirms that multinationals are distorting the picture . 
  the question is how much of that distortion affects the gdp figures . 
  that 's hard to tell for us right now .
