  besides she 's from cyprus , part of which is still under turkish military occupation today . 
  it is also being colonized with population from the mainland . 
  hippies were pacifists . 
  sjws are totally not hippies . 
  they are closer , in fact , to a modern-day incarnation of fascism . 
  i am romanian . 
  am i considered an ethnic minority by law ? 
  according to sjws even if you 're the majority you can still be a minority ` because you do n't have power . ', 
  first they came for malm\u00f6 , and those of lund and uppsala did not speak out because they were not of malm\u00f6 then they came for stockholm , and those of lund and uppsala did not speak out because they were not of stockholm, 
   which is n't universally accepted it 's not just ` not universally accepted , ' it is simply made up . 
  it also presumes that people can be divided along color lines into those who have power and those who do n't , and that 's dumb . 
  ( does obama ` not have power ' because he 's ` black ' ? 
  or does he have power because his mom was white ? 
  or does the hapless bum who sleeps in the bushes ` have power ' because he 's white ? ), 
  ` ethnically safe spaces ' -- you just ca n't believe it 's not the ku klux klan who came up with that . 
  ` tendencies ' would be an understatement . 
  ` delusions of grandeur ' is an entirely appropriate description . 
   that sort of forces you - internally - to agree with the morons in your `` team '' . 
  that 's how political parties work . 
   she added : `` do n't worry lads we will give you and allies things to do . '' [ link ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/04/24/anger-over-attempt-to-exclude-whites-and-men-from-racial-diversity-event-at-british-university/ ) she sounds like she thinks she 's the sultan and all of her ~ ~ allies ~ ~ subjects ca n't wait to do her bidding . 
  he 's filipino . 
  she would probably do that too if she could . 
   that kind of things has hardly existed the opposite way . 
  this woman is turkish , and you know as well as i do that the turkish empire has practiced institutionalised discrimination against its subjects for as long as it existed . 
  with her own dumbass arguments we could prove that * she * is the true racist and you and i are her victims ( you 're greek , right ? ), 
  of course she already is a racist , but we know that for much better reasons . 
  edit : also keep in mind that the turkish empire has had a centuries-long policy of poligamy and sexual slavery , which meant that most men under its control were doomed to lives of utter and desolate loneliness . 
   materially constrained their chances in society . 
  that kind of things has hardly existed the opposite way . 
  yes , it did exist the opposite way . 
  i just think for myself . 
  i stopped identifying as a leftist when i realized that the left could n't defend itself against being taken over by fascist bigots like this one . 
  that 's because categories like ` white ' and ` asian ' are used in arbitrary ways that have almost nothing to do with ethnicity and almost everything to do with political gain . 
  edit : also from what i understand she 's not indian , but turkish cypriot . 
  that means she 's clearly white by any standards except those who think ` white ' is a synonym for ` anglo . ', 
   women of colour and minority genders can not be racist or sexist weirdly enough , she seems to think women are a ` minority gender . ', 
  why ? 
  not because they are the minority , of course . 
  ( on the contrary , they are just slightly the majority . ), 
  but they are a ` minority ' anyway ` because they do n't have power . ', 
  uhm , no , that 's not what ` minority ' means . 
  and they do have power . 
  almost equally weird is that she thinks she 's not white because she 's of south asian descent , although she 's obviously caucasian . 
  is that what happened in sweden , or are they still there ? 
   racism and sexism describes structures of privilege based on race and gender bahar mustafa is a textbook example of sexism and racism . 
  racism and sexism consist in privilege and/or prejudice based on race and gender . 
  this woman 's sexist and racist prejudice has motivated her to disinvite white men from the event , and thus to create sexist and racist privilege in favor of the non-white/non-males who were not disinvited . 
  they were n't greeks , that much is clear . 
   do n't do this bullshit with `` source ? '', 
  it 's not bullshit to ask for evidence . 
  bullshit is when you make things up . 
  i do n't know what his reason is/was . 
  maybe he sincerely believes in ` competition . ', 
  but if you claim that he 's getting * payed * by them , then you 'd better be able to back up that accusation with more than your mere lack of imagination . 
  that 's not a source , it 's just you speculating . 
  and what does the company 's being austrian have to do with it ? 
   payroll source ? 
  but if it 's as trivial as you say , then what 's the ground for her receiving compensation ? 
  if she * thinks * it 's not trivial , then she should choose a school where pork is optional . 
  it 's not like you would n't know that europeans eat pork . 
  i 'm sure vegans or vegetarians choose schools that make meat optional , they do n't just go to random schools and sue them . 
   following painstaking development work , intensive testing by the country 's wtd technical centers , month after month of gruelling operation in conditions of extreme heat and cold abroad , and multiple field trials conducted by soldiers of the german bundeswehr , the puma infantry fighting vehicle project has passed another important milestone . 
  that was anticlimactic . 
   to preserve the peace , she should n't have been pressured to eat pork . 
  to preserve the peace , she should n't have gone to cooking school in denmark . 
  what 's wrong with cooking school in turkey ? 
  actually that 's a confusing question . 
  i almost upvoted but i do need the eu . 
  that may be what happens , but it 's not what students want . 
  students want minimum boredom , minimum effort , maximum grades , never to be told they 're wrong or they do n't know something , and the guarantee of a high-status , well-paying job . 
  maybe i am ... 
  i was tired at the time . 
  tl ; dr : the students want more money , more power , and less learning . 
  a bit longer : the students want ` student-centered ' learning , which means : a ) teachers must be fun , they must act like stand-up comedians b ) students need n't be forced to learn anything that is ` useless . ', 
  they must only learn what will help them get a high-paying job . 
  at the same time , the students want more public spending for education . 
  now the problem here is : * if * we spend more public money on education , then we must spend it in the * public * interest . 
  it is in the public interest to have college graduates who are scientifically literate , able to write a coherent essay , able to follow an argument , and not easy to manipulate and fool with fallacies . 
  it is also in the public interest to have college graduates who are familiar with the more important works of romanian literature , and who are well-acquainted with the history of romania . 
  but those things do n't get you a job , and clearly the students are n't asking to learn more science or history . 
  what they want is things that will benefits their * private * interests . 
  now i 'm not against their private interests , and i understand that they want to make high wages . 
  but then , why should * the public * spend * public money * to help with that ? 
  if it is their private interests that are at issue , then they should finance their lucrative , professional education with loans . 
  that happens all the time . 
  even the soviets voluntarily gave back large parts of europe , beginning with their occupation sector in austria . 
  what 's wrong with speaking german ? 
  now we all speak english instead , but there 's always one or more international languages . 
  also i do n't understand the part about islam . 
  is there something i do n't know ? 
   while fellow europeans still ca n't move freely . 
  well , strictly speaking we can . 
  freedom of movement is not really related to the schengen space ( all you need is to show id ) . 
  what does get affected by the schengen space is , for instance , shipments of goods , which are forced to waste hours at the border . 
  true , but the investments * themselves * are accounted for under gdp . 
  so the investments made e.g. 
  in 2013 show up in the gdp for 2013 . 
  for 2013 it was 3.4 % , but for 2014 only 2.9 % , and for 2015 it 's expected to be 2.8 % . 
  your pattern does n't seem to project . 
  edit : you are right , of course , that investments made with european funds are counted toward gdp .
