  i have no intention on going back home soon , but twenty years in the future , who knows ? 
  ouch . 
  i did n't even notice . 
  i guess i got stuck in the greek thing . 
  it 's not just a matter of size , the question is what does that country actually make ? 
  switzerland ` makes ' banks , sweden makes e.g. 
  furniture or software . 
  greece never actually produced lots of stuff . 
  i can only find it on 28th place , e.g. 
  in 2005 or 2008 . 
  i do n't know why i remembered top 20 , maybe it 's a year that i ca n't find now . 
  germany also lost very large territories , was split in two , suffered mass deportations , and served forty-five years as the potential theater for a nuclear war . 
  on top of that , germany provided most of the economic effort required to create the eu . 
  all right , sorry once again for getting angry , but it still remains that you ignored all the interesting data that would have spoken against your intended conclusion . 
  let me give you the best example . 
  shortly after 1995 ( where you set your cutoff ) , the average monthly wage in bulgaria went down to $ 5 !, 
  that 's sad . 
  maybe the eu learned from experience , but their pressure in favor of the romanian anti-corruption campaign has been very helpful . 
  did they try something similar in greece ? 
  can you say more about that argument ? 
  they ca n't forgive the greek debt unless they can find an explanation why they wo n't also forgive spain , portugal , and italy . 
  that explanation must sound fair to spaniards , portuguese , and italians . 
   there 's also indicators that the greek government , led by alexis tsipras and the left wing coalition syriza along with some greek nationalists , is planning to pressure the greek central bank ( an independent branch of the government ) to use its power to print euros i seriously hope they 're not going to try that , because that would be tantamount to printing false money . 
  i think the problem is that if you prop up greece , then voters in spain , italy , and portugal will also elect parties that will ask for their countries to be propped up too ( and it would only be fair , from their perspective ) . 
  but it 's quite impossible to prop up italy and spain . 
  is that 2 % of the * eu * 's gdp , or 2 % of the * eurozone * 's gdp ? 
  so you 're saying pensioners in greece are far , far better off than in bulgaria . 
  the bankers already got their money back long ago . 
  the current creditors are the citizens of the eurozone . 
  but they were happy to lose their national sovereignty when they joined the euro and took cheap loans knowing the ez would help them repay them . 
  the ecb has been engaging in quantitative easing , which is the equivalent of a stimulus measure . 
  the question is whether greece can pull the ez back into recession . 
  yes , romania pays its debts . 
  surprising , is n't it ? 
   generally in the region the systemic changes in the economy were over by that year . 
  in romania they were n't over until 1999 or 2000 . 
  that should be the cutoff then . 
   i am trying to understand the logic here here 's the logic . 
  the eu ca n't play favorites . 
  if the eu does a lot more to ` save ' greece than it does for other countries that need it more , then people will no longer believe that the eu is a just and fair union . 
   we do n't want more austerity measures because they have failed for 5 years now but the thing is , you do n't have money for anything but more austerity . 
  even if you stop paying the debt ( which i agree that you ca n't pay ) . 
  romania lost 50 % of its doctors to emigration . 
  that 's not improvement , but nobody cares . 
  their economy has been oversized , and it is still oversized , which means it is going to collapse no matter what . 
  this table cherry-picks its data to make it look like romania and bulgaria did n't have it that bad in the nineties . 
  whoever does this is , in my eyes , a scumbag . 
  the post-revolution gdp crash in these countries came from a level that was * already * extremely low . 
  in greece , on the other hand , the crash came from a level that was extremely high . 
  greece was one of the largest twenty economies in the world . 
  only a scumbag would pretend that the middle class has it as bad as the working class because they both lost the same number of percentage points . 
  edit : sorry for the aggressive language , but the deliberate obfuscation of the truth made me angry . 
   i agree that the welfare state was consuming more than it could afford , but in no way the average joe did profited from that . 
  the average joe retired at ~ 55 years old . 
  of course he profited . 
  not to mention he got a very good pension . 
   greeks realise that austerity during recession is economic insanity nobody knows that . 
  it 's just an unsubstantiated economic theory among others . 
  economics is not a science . 
  yes . 
  you know who else offers no vision ? 
  the guardian . 
  yes . 
  always . 
   it 's basically a more profitable way that is assuming your investments work out . 
  the graph is misleading . 
  it set the bottom line at 140 . 
  if you set the bottom line at 0 it would look completely different . 
  people in this reddit told me the pre-syriza growth was only for one month or two , but from the chart it looks like nine months of growth , preceded by another nine months of very small recession . 
  that means eighteen months of gdp stability . 
  benefiting is not the same as taking advantage . 
  if i take a job and make a wage , i am * benefiting * , because of the wage , but that does n't mean i 'm taking advantage . 
   did you know for example that germany has saved 160 billion euros on interest on bunds alone so far ? 
  that 's because people are buying those low-interest bunds , and that 's because germany is considered a safe investment . 
  greece could have been in exactly the same position if they had treated their loans responsibly and not squandered them . 
  who said starving ? 
  i do n't know anyone who 's starving in greece either . 
  they ca n't actually pay the debts with printed money , because no one would sell them hard currency in exchange for the new drachmas . 
  ( and if they would , why would the eurozone be opposed to getting its euros back ? ), 
  the real problem is political . 
  people are afraid that if greece leaves the euro then this means that the monetary union is not irreversible . 
  well , it is n't . 
  but clearly the monetary union needs to be reformed , and after the reforms it 's not clear that all eu members would qualify ( or want ) to participate . 
  i agree that something needs to change . 
  my own proposal is that you need to leave the euro and print your own currency which you can devalue at will . 
  it wo n't help with your debt for the time being , but you ca n't pay the debt anyway . 
  it will help the economy on the other hand . 
  the growth would come from the exports that would be profitable once your currency is cheap . 
  additional budgetary revenue would come from improving the tax collection rate . 
  we do n't hate you at all , and it 's not ` always romanians ' who are critical of the current greek approach to things . 
  we simply want to live in a just and fair europe where people get what they deserve : good things for doing good , bad things for doing bad . 
  ordinary greeks bought cars , boats , houses , and travel . 
  they retired at early ages for high pensions . 
  they made unusually high wages working public jobs . 
   so eurozone has become a piss contest first , bulgaria and romania are not in the eurozone . 
  i 'm not saying this to be pedantic . 
  i 'm saying it because it shows that your judgement is poorly informed , and that you might change your mind if you knew more about the issues . 
  second , it 's not a matter of piss contest . 
  it 's a matter of justice . 
  bulgarians and romanians have gone through decade-long hardship and they never twisted anybody 's arm .
