  i wonder if this has something to do with the large number of convicted or investigated public officials . 
  but anyway it 's a good idea . 
  i am as sceptical about this immigration wave as anybody , but the article 's reasoning is dubious . 
  they claim it is astonishing that most of the war refugees are young men , but those are exactly the people who get drafted . 
  more than 80 % of the people who die in wars are men , usually young . 
   we ca n't help everyone , but we try to do our best to help those who come to us . 
  that 's not trying your best though . 
  trying your best would mean helping the ones who are most in need , and those are poor people who ca n't afford to pay the smugglers . 
  how do you have a moral obligation to help people just because they need it ? 
  what if you need it too ? 
  but what is the cost of buying and burning coal and hydrocarbs ? 
  worst part is that coal-burning power plants cause a lot more radiation than nuclear power plants , and they spread it all over the atmosphere . 
  in two little months germany turned from resolute leader to headless chicken . 
  the immigration fuck-up is only one illustration of the irrational nature of german political decision making . 
  another excellent example is their decision to shut down the nuclear power plants and rely on gas imports from russia . 
  all for the not-the-onion reason of protecting the environment . 
  30,000 - that 's fewer people than are illegally entering germany this weekend alone . 
  40,000 are entering germany this weekend alone . 
  that is a tendentious headline . 
  it 's not ` resistance to refugees , ' or at least that 's not how we see it . 
  that 's because they 're not refugees . 
  many of them are n't from a war zone at all , and the rest are no longer entitled by international law to cross the borders once they made it to the first safe country . 
  resistance to mass organized illegal immigration , on the other hand , yes . 
  it 's already clear that you do n't need to allow them , they 'll just go anywhere they want . 
  but in denmark they wo n't be millions of course . 
  it does n't matter because hundreds of thousands will be enough . 
  i suppose you 're trying to be sarcastic , but yes , it is exactly what you are doing . 
   if caring for other human beings is considered insane , consider me mad . 
  does caring for other people involve virtually destroying your country by allowing millions of people from violent regions to move in without even having to explain who they are ? 
  because of professional ethics ? 
  journalists are supposed to respect it . 
  and italy has the sea but it 's not enough . 
  what do you do when they storm the bridges ? 
  well at least they 'd catch the smugglers . 
  let 's hope that 's the plan , but who understands politicians any more ? 
  edit : nevermind , the smugglers would probably apply for asylum and only a ` heartless ' person or maybe even a ` nazi ' would take issue with them . 
  on paper , but switzerland can decide to disagree with your paper . 
  that delegated sovereignty does n't even cover immigration from the eu , which switzerland has retained a right to regulate . 
  so how would it cover immigration from nigeria ? 
  though from what i understand it was intended to be about french interests initially . 
  the commission has no authority in switzerland either . 
  edit : even such a trivial observation can get downvoted these days . 
   how about we forget the fact , that probably a lot of rejected asylum seekers are going to stay here anyways . 
  the eu is so ridiculously counterproductive it 's becoming part of the problem . 
  and what do you do when they break out of the processing centres ? 
  ` intercept , arrest , back to the processing centre ' ? 
  the media would go into overdrive shaming you and calling you a ` nazi . ', 
  ... and to spread muslims among non-muslims . 
  otherwise they could take them to saudi arabia and fundamentalize them over there . 
  because immigrants who would cross ten borders illegally will stop at a processing centre . 
  which one was the duplicate though ? 
  well that is probably true . 
  but you could say that about almost anything . 
  it 's for football . 
  here 's a deal i can get behind : if germany wants to redistribute the refugees all around the eu , then they should send us the educated , middle class , secular syrians , and they should keep the uneducated ones . 
  does n't sound fair ? 
  that 's because it is n't . 
  but in reality it will very probably be the other way around : germany will cherry-pick the useful migrants and unload the rest of them to other countries . 
  but it 's not brussels that decides the uk 's immigration policy . 
  the uk has decided its own policy by joining the eu and by signing all the treatises that go with it . 
  free movement was established iirc by the maastricht treatise , and brussels never forced you to sign it . 
  is good . 
  seeing that the uk is n't a schengen country in the first place , i 'm not sure i understand your complaint . 
  we 're not allowed to emigrate to any country we see fit . 
  we can move to the uk under certain legally defined conditions because the uk has signed a treatise that says so . 
  we ca n't go to india or to australia at will . 
  fair enough . 
  but what happens after a number of years when they acquire romanian citizenship ? 
  they move to germany and now they 're eu citizens . 
  the next time of course . 
   you do n't help schengen countries . 
  you help countries like syria . 
  but countries like syria do n't want to be helped by us . 
  i do n't understand the schengen concept any more . 
  we spent billions of euros to secure our borders , but clearly nobody cares about the borders anyway . 
  what exactly to they want ? 
  no it was n't hard , but the quote i chose is actually a far better summary than what the author wrote . 
  the bbc has been rather creative with the news lately . 
  fta :  it is clear that the schengen treaty as we knew it no longer exists . 
  in this context perhaps the romanian government should stop negotiating membership of the schengen zone , with the e.u. , by the old rules because the game has changed and the reasons for romania 's exclusion have become invalid . 
  that is preposterous . 
  the title is a direct quotation from the article . 
  your ridiculously biased censorship is getting on everybody 's nerves and will only serve to harden feelings and cause everybody to despise the establishment that you are serving . 
   in the refugee camps they have little access to education but why ca n't they get education in turkey or in jordan and why do they need to get it in germany ? 
  it 's worth keeping in mind that more than 80 % of the people who die in wars are men . 
  also the men are sent by their families to do the risky part so they can then bring in the rest through family reunification , cousin marriage , etc. 
  sounds about right then . 
  how ~ ~ dumb ~ ~ greedy can you be to take bribes when the dna have already been arresting your aides ? 
  technically this does n't count as an arrest , e.g. 
  it wo n't go on this record . 
  but if the evidence is as solid as i hear it is , then he 's going to prison . 
  bucharest ? 
  but the roads are good , it 's just too many cars . 
   who wants to work for dracula ? 
  your mom . 
   a jew crossing france to get to america in 1933 what a comparison . 
  it 's not like assad is about to invade serbia . 
  the regime was secular , but not the population in general . 
  what 's the north sea got to do with turkey , greece , serbia , or hungary ? 
  here are details about the project : https://www.gofundme.com/avv2015 turns out the ngo is based in sibiu .
