  you can read the introduction to this book , and much of the rest of it , here : [ introduction to ` creationism in europe ' ] ( https://books.google.com/books?id=-gohbqaaqbaj&amp;lpg=pt4&amp;pg=pt23#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=true ), 
  that is not a mistake , they are using the term ` creationism ' correctly . 
  but creationism has been in the us for way longer than 15 years . 
  more like the 1900s . 
   in english , c might be almost anything . 
  in english , almost anything might be almost anything . 
  do you honestly believe that ? 
  look at it this way : you can not know what you do n't even believe . 
  if she does n't believe in evolution , then she does n't know it . 
  if she does n't know such a basic fact , then she is n't the best student . 
  as most , she 's the student with the best grades , and that is n't the same . 
  yes , i met plenty of creationists in romania where i am from , and there are several other countries where this is a serious issue . 
  ( e.g. 
  it 's even worse in turkey . ), 
   `` creationism '' is n't a problem . 
  it 's simply belief that the universe was created by god/gods . 
  i 'm afraid that 's not how the term ` creationism ' is normally used . 
  in this article , as well as in the book described in the article , and in the media in general , ` creationism ' refers to the belief that either evolution never took place , or it was affected by divine intervention . 
  well yes if you want to get pedantic ... 
  it 's the transylvanian flag . 
  same colors as romanian , but different order and orientation . 
  not to mention how many people who can build it . 
  it 's beginning to sound like some football fans in the western balkans need to get their shit together . 
   if most goes in the incinerator and becomes electricity and heating ... is that a problem ? 
  i 'd say yes , because it causes atmospheric pollution , including the kind that leads to climate change . 
  of course on the short term it 's smarter than just throwing it away , but on the longer term money is n't all that matters . 
  are all of them museum quality ? 
  also , are they actually getting confiscated ? 
  yeah like anybody believes the greek penis statistics . 
  hey mister , watch it !, 
   the name of the head of dna is kovesi . 
  she got that name from marrying her ex-husband , but she 's ethnic romanian . 
   welfare draining parasites  immigrant labour which one is your problem ? 
  pick one . 
  yes , still not justified by far . 
  the only plausible justification for capital punishment is retribution , and that can only be the case for murder . 
  maybe also for reckless homicide . 
  for mere stealing it would n't be justified anyway . 
   personally i do n't think messing with russia is the best way forward . 
  because not being controlled by russia = messing with russia . 
  is that what you think ? 
  actually , the death penalty has been proven * not * to work . 
   so people did n't need to go begging all over europe that is already done , they do not * need * to go begging . 
  there are jobs in many places , not always well-paying , but always a lot more dignified than begging . 
  begging is a cultural choice they make . 
  if you find a way to persuade them to stop doing it , then persuade them and we will be grateful to you . 
  if all you have is complaints , then leave us alone . 
  we already know , and there is nothing we can do . 
   the eu was happy to order the dismantling of all the industries so that the country turns from a producer to an importer of goods . 
  source on that ? 
  not that the industries were n't dismantled , but what makes you think it was on eu orders and not on the initiative of our own smart potatoes ? 
  is n't this based on self-reported data , mostly from expats living in these countries ? 
  no idea . 
  i 'm assuming he has a blanket authorization . 
  norway sold it to someone who rented it to the russians . 
  also `` melting '' . 
  otoh they messed up the infrastructure plans . 
  i support a european federation , but we should keep the current sports teams , especially in football . 
   i do n't mind them begging actually really ? 
  then what are you all so butthurt about ? 
   because they get no support in romania roma gypsies do get support in romania . 
  it 's just that the way they see it , they can get more money in sweden . 
  all the while they or their families probably still receive social support in romania . 
   they have to endure this dictator . . 
  the majority do n't have to , it 's their choice . 
  we did n't do many good things in the 30s either . 
  no , but calling them out would have hurt their pride . 
  a bit off topic , but hungarians and romanians are generally much better friends than you 'd think . 
   they treat everyone outside as the enemy and you ca n't blame them , societies in which they lived have treated them like dirt that cycle goes both ways . 
  treat people as enemies , and guess how they will respond ? 
  ` holistic view of history ' : disregard anything you do n't like , say anything you like . 
  why do n't you link to the ec report instead of this ? 
  gypsies from spain * are * romas . 
  the eurozone has been so fucked by greece it is hard to fully grasp . 
  i see an uninspired picture taken at 6 am to make sure there 's almost nobody there . 
  not as well as in the pre-war times though . 
  i see now . 
  i did n't know what your point was . 
  i doubt we did much right in the 30s . 
  in my view the last time we were going in a good direction was before ww1 . 
   actually kovesi might be romanian and just married to a hungarian , but still , it kind of proves my point . 
  she is ( or actually , was ) . 
  but how does it prove your point ? 
  that is the corruption * perception * index , so it 's hard to tell . 
  on one hand , there is probably less corruption going on at the moment . 
  on the other , it gets a lot more exposure , so the perception could go up . 
  that 's interesting to hear , but it makes sense because i did know they had built too much in spain . 
  i hear they pay a lot to construction workers in london these days . 
  well , then why do they elect that government ? 
  well at least construction pays well , does n't it ? 
  you need a / sarcasm tag because otherwise many swedes will take you seriously and they will also agree . 
  that is actually what they did in sweden until very recently . 
  i wonder how we wrap our heads around that . 
  ten years ago i used to think sweden was oh-so-progressive , tolerant , and open-minded . 
  turns out they have the worst bigots in the entire eu . 
  it 's not just their reaction to the gypsies ( `` i hardly want to go shopping anymore . '' ), 
  they also seem to have the highest measured rate of implicit bias against hiring minorities . 
  at the same time they play jesus by ` accepting ' everybody , then treat them like garbage after having ` accepted ' them . 
  as for the gypsy beggars coming to sweden : stop giving them money , shelter , or food . 
  they are beggars .
