  there 's a point from which hanlon 's razor goes the other way . 
  : ` moldova is 150 years older than romania . ', 
  what does that even mean ? 
  what are they comparing , and in any case whatever they * might * be comparing they would still be wrong . 
  some of the comments on this article are truly idiotic . 
  does russia really need to stoop so low to pay people to do these things ? 
  what good does it serve ? 
  they did n't have intercourse ( did you read your own link ? ), 
  how can there be such an exception legally ? 
  i thought the whole point was that the old legislation discriminated between eu and non-eu nationals . 
  afghans are non-eu just like turks , so you ca n't just add an exception for the turks but not for the afghans . 
   and they have to renounce their old citizenship is that still the case ? 
  i thought that law was changed recently . 
  that 's why german-turks can have double citizenship now . 
   does n't that go against the entire idea of foreplay ? 
  you forget these policies are conceived by virgins . 
  how would they know ? 
  they do n't work as dishwashers , they work as doctors . 
  and no it would n't be preferable to work as dishwashers in the west . 
  accidental non-consensual touching . 
  same as accidental trespassing or accidental homicide . 
  it does n't seem like he 's culpable in a criminal sense . 
  according to wikipedia in euro . 
  that 's not what we 're talking about though . 
  we 're talking about statements that are ` offensive . ', 
  that 's a very broad category . 
  only if that growth translates into higher wages and generally improved living standards for educated people . 
   uhm . 
  you want your safe space right now ? 
  no , you can disagree with me all you want , but attempting to regulate and control my sexuality would be a different thing . 
   is that big and bright enough for you . 
  that 's good but you should know that 's not how universities normally do it . 
  i 'm not convinced it was . 
  she was asleep and he did n't realize . 
  sounds like accident . 
  he would have to be a dumbass for it to be an accident , but i can believe that he is . 
  not rape . 
  they did n't even have sex . 
  not sexual assault either , just an accident . 
  no , that 's why a consent class is an act of despicable oppression . 
  especially when you only give it to men , when in fact women commit non-violent rape at about the same rates as men ( and violent rape is so obvious that there is nothing to teach about it ) . 
   maybe not a rape crisis , but 1 in 5 women declare having suffered from sexual abuse . 
  so do approx . 
  1 in 5 men , but as you said that is by a very broad definition of ` abuse . ', 
   if you buy a gun that 's the type of shit you should be taught . 
  i agree that you should get that training with a reasonable possibility for killing people . 
  but killing people with guns is completely different from having sex . 
  having sex is an essential aspect of humanity and it is something that everybody should do all the time ( if they want to ) . 
  killing people is exactly at the other end of the spectrum , it is something that almost nobody should ever do . 
   by teaching kids that the other partner has to agree ? 
  but obviously they already know that , that 's what i 'm saying !, 
   how do you estimate how rare it is ? 
  well , how often do people completely freeze up and wo n't say anything ? 
  by the way , did she ` freeze up ' literally as in became paralysed ? 
  because then he should have known that something was wrong . 
  or did she simply not say anything or make any signs , but simply had sex with him ? 
  if it 's the latter then there are two reasonable explanations . 
  1 : she has mental health issues . 
  consent training wo n't turn anyone into a psychiatrist who knows how to spot those . 
  or 2 : she actually consented but she decided to change her mind later . 
  i do n't know the legal definition of pretty much anything ( that 's why we have lawyers ) , but that does n't mean we need non-murder training , non-robbery training , non-graft training , and so on . 
  consent training is clearly a special measure that is done for special reasons . 
  the people who do it pretend that there is a gigantic rape crisis right now . 
  anybody who is not insane can tell that this is false . 
  ( there is in fact less rape now than 20 years go , and campuses are particularly safe . ), 
  edit :  god knows i dont . 
  i dont even know if there is one . 
  if there is n't even a legal definition in the first place , then the justification for this ` training ' is even worse than it seemed at first . 
  universities do n't have the legal authority to decide what is rape and what not . 
  that sounds like a very rare accident . 
  how exactly would ` consent education ' have prevented it ? 
  let me invite you to a lesson where i teach you not to rape . 
  the implication ? 
  you do n't know that already . 
  what kind of a shithead would n't know that ? 
  everybody already knows not to rape . 
  there is a very small minority who break this rule . 
  you wo n't stop the rapists by telling them not to do it because they already know that we do n't want them to do it . 
  we already punish speech offensive to minorities in many places in europe , but salafists are a minority , so how would this policy affect them ? 
  that would be just offensive period . 
  in these people 's minds true/false is beside the point . 
   freedom to abuse someone by threatening them or inciting hatred that 's not what 's at issue here . 
  what 's at issue is ` offensive ' speech . 
   the other is the opposite of free speech : oppression you 're playing with words . 
  the opposite of free speech is called censorship . 
  censorship is a form of oppression and it also has other defects . 
  well if it 's any consolation it 's worse in europe . 
  i 'm not sure how much it matters here , but france was actually a multi-language country until the french revolution . 
  it was only later that they suppressed all the cultures and made everybody ` french . ', 
   start a smaller eu with like minded peoples sounds like you need a safe space perhaps ? 
  where nobody ever contradicts you ? 
  so the usa is the most supportive of free speech ? 
  that 's scary because [ `` 40 % of millennials ok with limiting speech offensive to minorities '' ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/11/20/40-of-millennials-ok-with-limiting-speech-offensive-to-minorities/ ) . 
  the quotas are a complete joke . 
  all the quotas together are less than the migrant number entering europe in one single month , and they wo n't be implemented anyway . 
  3k x 30 = 90k . 
  for november that 's not a real slowdown , it looks simply like seasonal variation ( it 's getting cold ) . 
  yes . 
  what does that change ? 
  if/when the ec pushes for increased quotas , i 'm pretty sure romania will vote still vote against them .
