  that 's brilliant work from the translator !, 
  have no idea how these particular statistics are made , but i worked as a census taker here in france one winter , and i know we took these situations into account . 
  and more generally it was really about who actually * lived * there for the majority of the year , and not about who had their ` official ' address where . 
   socialism in inherently unjust . 
  those who work the hardest get similar rewards to those who work the least . 
  right , and capitalism always benefits those work the hardest . 
  as if . 
   not to mention absolutely destroying the incentive to create a new anything . 
  not all incentives are financial . 
  maybe the queen should pass a law making turnips the official currency ( right after she deals with that gopher and appoints a new equine chancellor ) . 
  oh , please , enough with the paranoia . 
  two of the posts right now are about racism in the uk . 
  besides , i do n't give a fuck about zemmour being criticised . 
  he 's a prick and deserves it , and i do n't feel attacked just because he and i are citizens of the same country . 
  i feel like he looks a bit like jeremy renner . 
  no , you go get your regularly scheduled fuck from a rusty hiv-covered spike . 
  the fuck does that have to do with anything ? 
  i 'm not saying that risking your life is inherently commendable , just that people who are willing to ris ' their lives are n't going to be deterred by other threats . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  some of them are risking their lives to get there . 
  you really think that they think it 's easy ? 
  so now having to see a woman dressed in a certain item of clothing ( oh , the horror ) is more of an impediment to relaxation , friendliness and safety than having policemen show up to tell you that you 're not dressed up correctly and have you change or be fined . 
  or i guess your understanding of ` everyone ' does n't include muslim women . 
  you should always have a spaguetti strainer with you on the beach , just in case a cargo ship full of pasta collides with an esteemed character actress 's boat ... 
  that 's not how the women who choose to wear it claim to see things . 
  as far as they 're concerned , it 's a means of going about in society while respecting their standards of decency . 
  if they did n't want to be part of society they 'd be staying at home , not sharing a public space with others . 
  dunno if there 's any historical truth to it , but i remember reading a period novel taking place during the wars of religion in france ( from the * fortune de france * by robert merle ) . 
  in it the narrator , a young protestant nobleman , meets a young working-class woman who turns out to be vehemently , almost murderously anti-reform . 
  he 's surprised , but then realises that the reason for her hatred is that protestantism would cause her to lose many days off and that since she 's killing herself and losing her sight working all day , she finds the notion utterly horrible . 
  i 'm french and it kinda bothers me as well . 
  i mean , i 'm not religious , i just like a day off , but i think it would be fair if a few catholic holidays were struck off and replaced with holidays from other religions and/or secular days off . 
  if the actions of a few black people is enough to make you racist , then you were n't terribly far from it in the first place . 
  i know it 's not super recent but , [ um , really ? 
  during some of those idyllic 60s , france was still in the throes of the algerian war of independence , and pro-independence protesters were getting [ murdered ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_massacre_of_1961 ) by the authorities right in the middle of lovely peaceful paris . 
  so , y' know . 
  every time in history has its nasty underside . 
  yeah , because ` iranian ' and ` isis ' go so well together . 
  very logical . 
  mitterrand should be even taller . 
  le grand charles ... 
   blown up is the least scary part of it , there are also victims with gouged eyes , genitals stuffed in their mouth , etc. 
  oh , so you believe in that stuff ... which has been disproved by all trustworthy sources . 
  ok , so you 're one of the delusional ones , it 's been fun talking to you , ` kay thks bye . 
  yep , post-war japan , the exact right moral choice to emulate ... 
  anyway , no thanks , i 'll not be blaming my governments for the presence of those of my fellow citizens who are muslims , the vast majority of whom are perfectly normal people , good and bad , my neighbours and my colleagues and my students and who knows what else . 
   there 's a reason we have nearly 10 % muslims . 
  the fact that we invaded and took over a few nearby muslim countries ... ? 
  well , yes , we * [ are ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/op%c3%a9ration_chammal ) * . 
  maybe it 's a righteous war and maybe it is n't , maybe the attacks in paris and in nice are retaliation and maybe they 're just some sad stupid losers lashing out , but there 's always been something slightly monstrous about the way we in the west have been able to deploy our army about the world and somehow * forget * about it . 
  i mean , this is what means we are at war ? 
  only this , only * us * being attacked , but not the fact that we rightly or wrongly have been attacking people beyond our borders for a while now ? 
  maybe we could also start acknowledging * that * . 
  what about le * monde diplomatique * , by the way ? 
  does n't it at least partly own itself ? 
  according to this documentary i saw called * doctor who * , yes they are . 
  they 're also * female * gay reptilians , come to steal our women , so it gets worse and worse . 
   also it led to the refugee crisis that * the middle east and to a much lesser extent * europe struggles under . 
  ftfy . 
  but otherwise , yes . 
  sure , let 's throw away our freedom of religion because muslim countries do n't have it . 
  ` the language of europe is translation ' ... 
  the match against france is going to be super confusing . 
  \u266a \u266b * hello darkness my old friend * \u266a \u266b, 
  well , now i 'm feeling devastated about brexit * and * about kit 's eyewear choices . 
   i do n't know why the international cares so much about our waffles when we care vastly more about our fries . 
  because they think your fries are ours . 
  note that i said visible , not important . 
  voting in a general election also has massive consequences , even if they come trickling in over a five year period , rather than rushing in all at once as is happening now . 
  well , yes , but how is that ( false promises , protest voting , etc. ), 
  different from what happens in any other vote ? 
  the only difference is that the consequences are more immediately visible . 
  but to act as if this particular vote were somehow not legitimate is still to cast doubt on voting in general . 
  ( i say this as someone who is very much against brexit , by the way . ), 
  [ now why on earth would you say something like that ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=julmkvvfyda ) ( top notch referendum campaigning , that is . ), 
  tell that to jo cox . 
  that would be an ecumenical matter . 
  yup . 
  drink !, 
  girls !, 
   you 're in !, 
  you 're not handy at the aul ' soccer by any chance ? 
  only at five-a-side over-75s indoor football . 
  i do n't think that the ` devoir de r\u00e9serve ' in and of itself precludes striking though . 
  other civil servants ( eg teachers ) also have it and yet can and do go on strike . 
  counting rings , yeah , [ though it 's risky stuff ] ( http://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/how-one-man-accidentally-killed-the-oldest-tree-ever-125764872/ ) . 
  fecking welsh !, 
  you mean the other candidate with a fake job scandal , who 's also lashed out against the judiciary ? 
  the english translations by althea bell are supposed to be absolutely terrific . 
  do n't you bash my bae-rou . 
  so maybe the beckett bridge will turn out a bit wrong , but then the architect will try again . 
  fail again . 
  fail better . 
  at least he 's not working on a tiny planet where the sun is always rising and setting . 
  fourth crusade . 
  it 's not even about the outcome . 
  i just like to imagine the muslim forces sitting there in utter puzzlement . 
  ` is it , like , a diversion or something ? 
  are they ever going to show up , or ... ? ',
