yeah , because nothing says democracy like being invaded by a foreign country , having tens of thousands of civilians killed , and then having them leave with your country in shambles . 
  but oh no , i 'm sure the us & co imposing their will and killing people was all done out of the goodness of their hearts . 
  but helping the us bring their ideology and guns into iraq is a-ok ? 
  stop dodging . 
   is it not their goal to show defiance , strength , to show they can kill on foreign soil without repercussions ? 
  is the best response really to ignore the punches , or even apologize , whimpering , as we are knocked to the ground ? 
  the us and a number of european countries went and invaded iraq . 
  is that what you call ` whimpering , as we are knocked to the ground ' ? 
  because i 'd say it could easily fall into ` killing on foreign soil without repercussions ' . 
  ` invited . ', 
  right . 
  they were born in french * colonies * . 
  in france as well . 
  sidenote , but jrr tolkien loved the story of kullervo ( and finnish folklore and the finnish language in general ) and * the children of h\u00f9rin * is heavily inspired by it . 
  what about a [ mcdonald 's inside an old crumbly building ] ( https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gct4wj2lzxio7hej7aeyc6dmsdt8eott297msqeyfkyrceynlv1s ) ? 
  i knew ` kingly ' first names were a thing - regis ( regis est un con ) , regina , basil , etc. 
  - but the fact that charlemagne went the other way for like half of europe ( if i understand this correctly ? ), 
  is kind of blowing my mind . 
  matters of universality , homogeneity , regularity and so on were fairly big at the times of the french revolution , which is obviously a very important period in our history . 
  human rights and whatnot , and it 's also where we got the metre from ( as opposed to all the different units that existed before ) , and our * d\u00e9partements * ( designed to be of equal size ) , etc. 
  having one language throughout the country fits in with that . 
  i think it was also about promoting national as opposed to regional ( and potentially foreign , eg in alsace ) identities at a time when france was rather embattled and facing off against , well , pretty much the entire continent . 
  also , i think ruining ` the diversity of their own language ' is n't right exactly - we 're largely talking about several non mutually intelligible languages here . 
  it 's certainly about ruining diversity , no quarrel about that , but it 's more the ` diversity of their own language ** s ** ' . 
  no shit , people do n't want to encounter situations that cause them pain ? 
  and then we blame them for not wanting to be victims of racism or sexism or whatever , and not the fucking racists and sexists themselves . 
  amazing . 
  or it implies that these people get shit thrown at them that other groups do n't . 
  sure , white people are so much more resilient in the face of institutional racism , and men deal with misogyny so much better than women . 
  because it does n't fucking affect them . 
  it has nothing to do with personal worth or resilience . 
  um , how far back are you going with your ` universities used to be ... ' ? 
  because you do n't have to go terribly far back to find that universities in those good old days did n't have non-white people , gay people , no women either if you go back far enough ... 
  and you 're comparing students protesting with using a gun to slaughter indigenous people . 
  how 's that for an unfair comparison ? 
  also , assuming you 're british , your government ( and mine for that matter ) was recently intervening militarily in foreign countries , which probably ca n't be said for whichever country these students , however whiny , come from . 
  i did . 
   we are giving them the respect to listening to their views even if we do n't agree with them . 
  debate is important . 
   `` but if people at our university are n't prepared to show the generosity of spirit which nelson mandela showed towards rhodes and towards history , if they are not prepared to embrace all those values which are contained in the most important book for any undergraduate -- karl popper 's open society -- if they are not prepared to embrace those issues , then maybe they should think about being educated elsewhere . 
  except when people 's opinions are n't nice enough ( sorry , do n't display enough ` generosity of spirit ' - what the fuck is that supposed to mean exactly ? 
  ) , in which case they should take them elsewhere . 
   he said he wanted oxford university to have `` as broader range of people as possible and i want them to accept that a university is about sparking ideas , about being confronted with ideas which you do n't much like and facing up to them and try to argue them down '' . 
  but apparently , students telling him their opinion on a statue does n't fall into ` being confronted with ideas which you do n't much like ' . 
  his later comments on rhodes 's mixed legacy might make some sense - * that * 's engaging in debate - but he 's completely shitting the bed by first throwing a tantrum about students needing to go to china . 
  yes , europeans would never go to foreign places and try to impose their values !, 
  students express an opinion , and then get told to fuck off somewhere they wo n't be able to be able to express it , and this is supposed to be a defense of free speech and measured discussions ? 
  ah , the good old ` if you do n't like one thing about an institution you otherwise respect and like , you should just shut up and leave ' . 
  nuanced views are important , except when it comes to students speaking their mind about something , in which case it becomes black-and-white and if you criticise one thing then it means you hate everything . 
  judging by the number of upvotes , enough that we could start a proper five a side indoor football team , so there 's that . 
  nah , you can just give up cigarettes , alcohol , and rollerblading . 
  i once saw a bunch of blonde women and heard them speaking a language that i did n't exactly know but i thought sounded familiar , so i assumed they were dutch . 
  on closer examination , i realised they were in fact speaking english with a very strong welsh accent . 
  oops . 
   5 ) turkey will have to put in a bit more effort if they want to blend in . 
  i have a feeling they could get along with portugal . 
  nice try . 
  glorious normandy is glorious , but capital is incorrect . 
  sure , but these are also much more extreme and fraught circumstances than in the example i gave , especially when it comes to duration and uncertainties about the future ( a frustrating situation is a lot easier to endure when you know when it 'll end and/or know that you have some degree of control over it ) , as well as previous trauma , continuing anxieties regarding loved ones , conflicts among various groups as someone wisely pointed out in answer to my post , etc. 
  yeah , what could possibly go wrong when 1000 + people live cooped up together in hangars for months with no foreseeable prospects ? 
  ffs , everyone is acting high and mighty , but is it so hard to imagine that there might be tensions in those conditions and that these tensions might erupt violently ( again , hundreds of people in hangars - would n't take much for one fight to spread out ) regardless of the goodwill or lack thereof of the people involved ? 
  fuck , i get cranky when i 'm stuck in a train for 10 minutes at peak hour . 
  but no , apparently being in a safe country means all your humans emotions ( let alone possible trauma from , y' know , fleeing a warzone ) are instantly cancelled out and if you are n't a perfect meditative angel of peace and kindness you 're the scum of the earth and need to gtfo . 
  i 'm pretty sure the level of xenophobia spaniards faced was n't on the same level as that faced by non-white people . 
  france colonised north africa , and the war with algeria ended in 1962 . 
  it committed atrocities there and completely failed to acknowledge them ( barely even acknowledged that there was a war in the first place for that matter ) , let alone try to redress them . 
  that kind of relationship just is n't going to foster a peaceful relationship from either side . 
  they were born here because their parents or grandparents came to france . 
  and their parents or grandparents came to france because they were born in french colonies . 
  but sure , let 's sweep that under the carpet . 
  re : ` oldschool ' methods . 
  this is changing though . 
  i 'm training to be a teacher ( fonctionnaire stagiaire ) and i can tell you that this is not the way we 're told to teach . 
  the idea is to get students to talk as much as possible , and grammar has become almost taboo . 
  obviously things are n't going to change instantly , but still ... 
  i very much agree re : class sizes and hours though . 
  trying to geta 35 + group of teens to learn english is a depressing , draining , soul-sapping mess for everyone involved . 
  careful now . 
  but why oh why do n't these people i clearly loathe and despise do anything to address my problem ? 
  ah , l'enseignement des langues vivantes en france ... 
  she does n't even go here !, 
   it 's true . 
  another big problems is that technical and pratical courses are looked upon down by both the students , the teachers and the general population , even though it 's clear than some people simply ca n't go to the `` grandes \u00e9coles '' and need something else . 
  i was oblivious to all this as a student , but now i 'm on the other side of the fence i find it to be one of the most depressing aspects of the whole system . 
  kids are being slotted into these neat little boxes where all courses are equal and interesting and everyone has to find the right one ... * except s is clearly at the top , and you 're kind of a failure if you do n't get in and have to get into es or l , and you 're even worse off if you have to go into stmg/sti2d/st2s * , *** and did we mention this will determine your whole life and worth as a person ... *** the last part is obviously not true , but it does n't look that way to all these 14 - or 15-year old kids ( and their parents ) . 
  so much pressure and heartbreak . 
  i was about to ask if the ferri written one was any good ( since i do like manu larcenet 's * le retour \u00e0 la terre * , which he wrote ) ... but then i clicked the link above and realised i had in fact read it , and then just completely forgotten about it . 
  mediocre indeed . 
  the empire that disappeared nearly a century ago ( as opposed to an ongoing invasion ) ? 
  the organisation that , horrible as it is , never actually invaded ? 
  those wicked wicked afghans , coming into our country against our will !, 
  it 's a good thing we in the west have never done anything similar to them !, 
  ( except with soldiers instead of migrants and drones and a lot more dead people . ), 
  what about the us , uk and co invading iraq ? 
  what about their responsibility in that whole clusterfuck ? 
  as for the rest ... ` we owe them human rights but really we ca n't be bothered to do anything about it , so let the country that 's already dealing the brunt of the refugee crisis deal with it some more ' . 
  righto . 
  it 's in the article ( quoting \u017di\u017eek ) . 
   first , europe will have to reassert its full commitment to provide means for the dignified survival of the refugees . 
  there should be no compromise here : large migrations are our future , and the only alternative to such commitment is a renewed barbarism ( what some call `` clash of civilizations '' ) .
