i would n't bat an eye if i saw our prime minister on the streets of helsinki finland . 
  then agai , n being the head of our little country is more like mcdonald 's shift manager in world politics . 
  i do n't think satellites and high speed internet have much to do with one another . 
  satellites have poor latencies . 
  high speed internet access for rural areas goes through fibres , cables and air ( as in cell towers , not satellites ) . 
  well , if we only let those that survive the sea passage apply for asylum ... we should send them back to the refuge camps , every last one , and then make the camps bearable and reasonable and then let them apply for asylums and accept a fuck ton from there . 
  it 's mind boggingly crazy that we now let them only if they run or swim various forms of gauntlets all the while we support enormous sector of criminal human trafficking . 
  i was expecting [ this golden oldie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgb8t5erewm ) ? 
  i agree completely . 
  should 've been in german . 
  the fourth movement is perfect as it is , pointless to meddle with it . 
  i get it that would 've been a tough cookie for the french , but come on , it 's a work of art . 
  with all the languages we already have , we do n't need to bring the dead forth . 
  the winner this year may have appeared authentic but it was certainly one of the most produced entries in there , and really well at that i might add . 
  i was referring to the `` you 're all attention whores '' and `` i wonder if they understand '' parts of his comment . 
  now that they 're out i feel i can say something about them . 
  it was n't my choice in the preliminaries but i was somehow touched by them . 
  it was their song and they sang sarcastically about their own institutionalization . 
  quite admirable from a bunch of guys most people do n't think are worth the air they breath . 
   i always have to clean up  i always have to do the dishes  i always have to go to work  i always have to see the doctor   i ca n't use the computer  i ca n't watch the tv  i ca n't even see my friends   etc. . . 
  something tells me you 're probably russian ... 
  i do n't think many other people would be so profoundly rude and childish here . 
  yes . 
  they were good , best so far perhaps . 
  but having watched the melodi festivalen ( swedish preliminaries ) i must say they , too , have a pretty good act yet again . 
  they did . 
  it 's off the charts `` no sun '' . 
  so accurate and succinctly detailed that i 'm expecting there will be a x-post to / r/dataisbeautiful any second now . 
  well , sweden is europe 's canada . 
  does that make us their quebec ? 
  ignorant drunks with an osbcure language from another ~ ~ continent ~ ~ planet ? 
  sounds about right . 
  you must be a barrel of laughs of in parties . 
  or drunk enough , which is why you need extra measures in finland . 
  remember that it ca n't be dark roast , like the french or espresso which would be less acidic , it has to be that light/pale roast shit that perforates your stomache to no end . 
  i guess it helps with the vodka solubility to the blood stream or something . 
  do n't underestimate the effect of the big cigarette industry either . 
  if i were run one unethically , which is pretty much a given considering they 're selling cancer to begin with , i 'd lobby and bribe politicians in those countries like crazy . 
  why would n't they ? 
  do n't worry about that , if it feels sluggish and unchallenging you can usually exceed that by up to 10 km/h without worrying about those tanks . 
  either that or you better go full m. gr\u00f6nholm to get rid of those chasing tanks . 
  the tanks are needed for teslas that have countermeasures for all those things . 
  the problem was intentional roughness and that a player was injured as a result early on in a final no less , all that was naturally made worse by the fact that it was a very important player to the other team . 
  what 's with the idiot act ? 
  you thought that was all cool ? 
  more of that same shit in the future ? 
  come on . 
  let 's not pretend payet did n't know exactly what he was doing . 
  i 'm not saying he meant to injure him per se , but the unnecessary roughness and the tackle in it was absolutely intentional . 
  sure , it was brodering the rules , not much for refs to do differently , and unluckily it resulted in an injury . 
  but the bottom line is that a tackle like that on a star like that is a scum fucking move . 
  what if griezman had been tackled out of the game fairly but unnecesarily roughly by pepe at 10 min ? 
  i 'd feel the same but you probably would n't . 
  you for real ? 
  payet busting ronaldo was what ? 
  what remotely comparable did portugal do in that game ? 
  the french played shit and lost deservedly . 
  that 's that . 
  most of your countrymen here in these threads have shown a lot more character though , hats off to them , not you . 
  for me it was payet injuring ronaldo . 
  embarassing shit . 
  i 'm really glad they lost . 
  not quite , the swedes are actually quite nice , a little awkward , too , at times but not so much as we are . 
  not very good examples , they were perhaps metal in their own time but fucking disco today . 
  not very good examples , they were perhaps metal in their own time but fucking pop today . 
  you do n't let him drive under bus to make a point . 
  i said there 's some affinity to parents not letting kids decide . 
  teaching kids is another matter . 
  it 's a poor analogy because if you let gen pop take away taxes and raise speed for learning experience on the side you 're causing suffering to innocent people . 
  civilized democrazy does not need to demonstrate negative aspects of shite decisions to the idiots . 
  it is far better let them select a group of sufficiently smart people that can then further be educated for each decision and the consequncies and then go for a vote . 
  it is irresponsible to let the masses decided things through referendums . 
  there absolutely no reason why lies and popularism could not again play a part again if the was to be a second round of brexit for example . 
  and that 's a good way to go about ? 
  that is absolutely reckless and stupid . 
  think of brexit for example . 
  there will not be a way in with similar special rules of uk ever again . 
   you 're advocating governments specifically going against the will of the people . 
  yes . 
  in the hopes that the governments can drive the _ best interests _ of the people even when that is not aligned with their will . 
  how do you think taxes would do in referendums ? 
  how about speed limits ? 
  how about all the `` way too complex things for folk who ca n't even do percents '' economic questions ? 
  do you think the brexit was a simple enough matter to let it be swayed by baseless claims about nhs spending and refugee popularism ? 
  there 's some affinity in all this to kids wanting something while their parents know better . 
   it can eventually end in tyranny . 
  i do n't see representative democracy leading to tyranny . 
   regardless of if you agree with the result or not surely it is a good idea to allow a nation 's people to say if they want to be involved in such a project . 
  absolutely not !, 
  this is exactly why we have a representative democracy . 
  the common folk can all too easily be swayed by popularistic bullshit and lies even . 
  brexit is a textbook example of that . 
  no need to invoke that here . 
  it 's more about equal rights in this matter . 
  since we allow it for heterosexual couples , so should we allow them for same sex couples , too . 
  adoption in general is another matter . 
  but yes , the child 's best interst is the focal point of that conversation . 
  nothing . 
  except for horrific weather in total darkness . 
  alcohol helps .
