  they 're simply taking part in smart business plans . 
  there is no reason for any outrage whatsoever . 
  jesus not existing is basically a fringe belief that you 'll only see pushed on this subreddit . 
  of course , this subreddit is filled with people who non ironically refer to gods as `` magic sky fairies , '' so if you 're seeking true intellectual discussion on the matter this most certainly is not the place . 
  the details of his life remain cloudy , but the majority of historians and theologians agree he is a real person . 
  this does not mean there is n't evidence that raises questions about the existence of jesus . 
  it must 've been hard to run with his toes in the ocean the whole time, 
  coming from the guy who dropped his ps4 into a turtle tank ? 
  found the guy that preordered nms, 
  swearing is so cool, 
  what a dumb rule, 
  they are only good if they 're fried in fresh-ish oil . 
  avoid the guac our sour cream sauces ; i 'd recommend the spicy ranch or cheese, 
  hoping we lose out the rest of the season to get a new coach . 
  the players are doing just fine with their full ride to notre dame . 
  you also could 've waited til you got your tv and saved $ 100 bucks, 
  in terms of just wandering around , skyrim is infinitely better than the witcher ( in my opinion , of course ) . 
  the witcher is essentially like a ubisoft game to me , where they packed as many side activities as they could in the map with no real logic as to what they are or why they are there . 
  this causes wandering around to feel like a giant check list grind . 
  as for skyrim , i liked it much better . 
  part of it is because of the dungeon system they use . 
  some dungeons are pretty generic but for the most part they are great ; you will find yourself exploring them for hours on end . 
  not to mention the better character build variety in skyrim makes revisiting dungeons a joy . 
  skyrim is much slower paced , and because everything is n't labeled on the map you 'll need to do a fair bit of exploring but it is definitely worth it in the long run . 
  regardless , have fun !, 
   skyrim uses the same four tilesets to randomly generate essentially the same dungeon over and over and over . 
  skyrim dungeons are not randomly generated, 
  actually completed two full play throughs !, 
  how are the 50 + identical monster dens in witcher any different then ? 
   a dwarf on the streets of oxenfurt has lost his papers , help him find them . 
  what you 're describing here is n't lore , just a set up for a mini quest that you 'll find in skyrim as well . 
  i was talking more about wandering in the wilderness in both games . 
  the witcher 3 , to me , felt like a tedious checklist . 
  run to a question mark on the map , do a generic activity , get boring loot , repeat . 
  skyrim for me was much more fun to explore because it felt more organic . 
  instead of the check list feel , i could get sidetracked countless times while exploring without even realizing it . 
  : were just talking about video games , no need to be rude , 
  you 're actually proving my point . 
  in witcher , there are a couple of great side quests you can stumble upon . 
  the rest are pretty bland copy pasted activities . 
  in skyrim , imo , most of the activities you come across while exploring are great . 
  even some of the generic go to the back of the dungeon quests can be fun depending on the dungeon . 
  : do n't tell me what to do , 
  i did play that quest and did n't enjoy it . 
  the witcher 2 version of that quest was better done , as was the skyrim `` hangover '' quest imo . 
  i agree that there are some good unmarked quests . 
  i just found the majority of the time i was wandering around i was not having very much fun because of the boring activities out numbering the fun ones by a large margin . 
   no , i 'm not because most of the side quests in the witcher 3 are heads over feet better than skyrim 's bland dungeon crawler missions . 
  even if it 's your opinion you still need evidence supporting it . 
  you 've provided none . 
   you seem dedicated to trashing the game for whatever reason . 
  actually , all i said that was for me personally , i had more fun exploring in skyrim than tw3 . 
  i 'm sorry that you 're so dedicated to defending the game that you ca n't handle differing opinions, 
   most people find the witcher 3 better, 
  find a reliable source suggesting this, 
  again , we 're talking about video games . 
  much better things to get riled up about !, 
  really the only way to get the quest is by stumbling into it . 
  the quest giver hangs out at random pubs . 
  the only way to find him is checking out the different taverns in the towns . 
  i find that hard to believe seeing as you need to be level 14 + for him to show up . 
  op you 're soft, 
  if you could gather all the children in skyrim for something , what would you do ? 
  really wish i was an npc in riverwood when that happened, 
  as soon as the witcher 3 jerk ends, 
  o b j e c t i v e l y, 
  you 're conflating institutional racism with racism in general, 
  i hated the witcher 3, 
  thanks , this was helpful . 
  hearing how poorly written it is is my greatest concern . 
  i 'm leaning towards not buying andromeda, 
  this is sarcasm right ? 
  right !, 
  boring combat , uninspired/lazy perk tree , horrible loot system , points of `` interest '' that are just monster dens to pad the game , sloppy writing in the third act , headache-inducing ui , poor integration of player choices on outcomes , sluggish controls , and scooby-doo tier main villains . 
  any other questions ? 
  i was thinking of picking up the trilogy on the 360 . 
  i feel like andromeda is a totally different game than the old trilogy though , considering nobody from the original studio is still there . 
  because its the last in a trilogy i 've never started, 
   exclusives are bad for everyone, 
  one of the dumbest misconceptions perpetuated on this sub, 
  that was straight up disturbing, 
  i did n't fly under the radar at all, 
  `` you want a game that actually feels like hockey ? 
  fuck you check out this toe drag cheese goal instead , git gut noobs '', 
  so no one can complain about anything except for you ? 
  i fell asleep . 
  think that sums it up, 
  that was fucking abysmal . 
  worse than ms in my opinion . 
  yeah , he was trying to be edgy . 
  find where i complained about the ms conference and i 'll buy you reddit gold you bum, 
  that 's not what the word `` worse '' means . 
  thanks for playing . 
  hahahahahahahahaha, 
  sony having business sense does, 
  they do as well . 
  different solutions to different problems . 
  that 's exactly it, 
  you guys are fucking gay, 
  black alternates are never coming back .
