  down for me . 
  central us, 
  i love this gun but for the life of me i can not get used to the sights . 
  i pretty much exclusively run scout rifles , but for some reason i ca n't land head shots with this type of scope . 
  i even threw on a similar scope on my badger ccl and still could not get crits . 
  any tips with this type of scope ? 
  do you not have anything better to do ? 
  i mean honestly, 
   [ 5 ] insofar as it takes us away from traditional `` football scores '' ; it 's otherwise fun , interesting , and wholly american, 
  doctor here . 
  i do n't know all of the details obviously , but this is a death sentence . 
  he 'll be lucky to live over a year . 
  most patients in his situation that i 've come across forgo treatment all together and go the palliative care route instead . 
  prayers and thoughts for him and his family . 
  ^ im a 15 year old atheist rebelling against my parents look at me guys !, 
  supply \u2193, 
  demand \u2191, 
  my unpopular opinion : rocket league is an overhyped , 100 % average game with a toxic community and no sense of progression or achievement . 
  not surprised that a post in their subreddit told everyone to vote on these polls , and it 's a shame because that echo chamber has over shadowed really brilliant games like until dawn and the order . 
  you know peewee football is ~ 90 % running plays right ? 
  ah yes the , if i 'm not successful it 's everyone else 's fault , even when they 're are tons of successful college grads every year !, 
  justification, 
  yes , i just found out bernie lost every state because the majority think his ideas are bad and wo n't pass, 
  it 's almost like sanders ideas were n't good nor would they get through congress . 
  edit : using this gold to build the wall ten feet higher !, 
  `` when people in government do n't respect the client ... that 's another thing we should talk about '' seconds after literally calling a police officer an idiot for doing his job after idiot kasich broke the law . 
  #get him outta here !, 
  high energy policemen do n't have time for this cuck !, 
  headline should read ,, 
  # `` cis-gendered white male scum compliments easily offended woman '', 
  full quote, 
   racism does n't exist . 
  obviously , i 'm lying . 
  of course it exists , but not for you . 
  see , you do n't have to go to the back of the bus . 
  you 're not denied the opportunity to eat at restaurants , or to enter night clubs , or to patronize businesses . 
  you have the right to vote . 
  you 're not being lynched . 
  you 're not being hung , '', 
  his talking point was that white people have struggles as well , which he is absolutely correct on . 
  source ? 
  or are you just generalizing to go along with some narrative, 
  everyone likes attractive people , this will simply increase trump 's support just like all of the other attack ads against him . 
  everyone is playing right into his hand . 
  ca n't argue with psychology , especially with the particularly prominent in the united states [ halo effect ] ( https://explorable.com/halo-effect ) . 
  article i linked is a bit simplified but i think people will find it interesting regardless !, 
  `` white 's do n't know what it 's like to be poor '' -- ~ ~ jesus christ ~ ~ i meant bernie sanders sorry i confuse the two often . 
  white male ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jpyyes-kke ), 
  why ? 
  just curious , no need for downvotes fellas, 
  warning : sanders will likely win utah and the bernie whackjobs will be back in this subreddit full force saying how he still has a strong chance to be the nominee . 
  sad !, 
  i 'm sorry , where did i write i was voting for clinton , or any candidate for that matter ? 
  standing up for the little guy is wrong if its a religion ? 
  is n't that trump 's advantage as well ? 
  not trying to be contentious , just wondering, 
  that 's admirable , but the american people have voted and do n't seem to be interested in what he is fighting for . 
  is that relevant ? 
  i 'm here for political discussion , not to see bad articles posted by delusional supporters for any candidate . 
  judaism is the smallest of the monotheistic faiths . 
  6 million people live in israel and there are 1.5 + billion muslims . 
  i 'm not saying zionism is wrong , as you have n't given me any evidence not to , but judaism is the little guy , objectively . 
  that hurts my feelings, 
  do you have any sources ? 
  your claims sound serious, 
  these are primaries and caucuses , why does that matter, 
  so what evidence is there as to why this is bad for the united states, 
  no , but calling someone delusional for thinking sanders has a strong path to victory is not wrong nor is it ad hominem, 
  they ca n't go to the other muslim countries ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't see how changing your viewpoint to a viewpoint you consider stronger is wrong . 
  unless i misunderstood you, 
  they are an ally though . 
  if we do n't help our allies then we lose esteem globally, 
  i agree with you , the rest of the states are technicalities at this point, 
  i absolutely agree the race is over and it 's just a matter of `` when , '' not `` if . '', 
  i 'm failing to see how changing your mind is a bad thing . 
  i 've changed careers , does that make me worse than the people who have a single career their entire life ? 
  i do n't know most of the memes on this site . 
  i usually just try and copy you young folks . 
  but yes , sanders is out . 
  the next few months will be interesting !, 
  i understand he changed his view . 
  why is it bad to change your viewpoint if you find a stronger one ? 
  i 'm not a clinton supporter , firstly . 
  secondly , why is this poll relevant if the race is over already . 
  there is much more interesting political news going on but this subreddit gets spammed by butthurt ( think i 'm using that term correctly ! ), 
  bernie supporters who refuse to accept anything negative about him, 
  i 'm quite old you see . 
  and those two `` subs '' i moderate are actually joke subs . 
  they do n't receive submissions . 
  and i agree , having been on cruise control with bernie she might not be quite prepared to take on the donald, 
  i was referring to the most obvious ally of ours in the middle east, 
  my favorite it the steve buscemi meme !, 
  so you 're saying israel and egypt has to take care of these people ? 
  why should they have to ? 
  well it being a red state is not relevant because its a primary . 
  so its an intraparty competition so to speak . 
  and yes i understand the race is just a mere formality , interesting that the longer sanders stays in though the more it helps trump . 
  i just find these dynamics fascinating is all, 
  she is a fraud , plain and simple .
