  additionally , i think you took a pretty poor econ class because supply and demand is exactly why free college is a bad idea . 
  increasing the supply of college grads without increasing the job market for these grads just increases college grad unemployment . 
  which is the problem the young millennials are complaining about . 
  your vocabulary speaks for itself . 
  lots of online resources to educate yourself though , it 's never too late to learn . 
  if you want advice just let me know , 
  sorry , i thought that was clear but yes that 's an excellent point as well . 
  trump knows exactly what he 's doing, 
  oh sorry , i confused you with another comment i think, 
  yes , i absolutely agree the race is over and the remaining states are just icing on the cake for clinton at this point, 
  where did i mention i was white ? 
  do n't know where you 're coming from with these crazy assumptions now . 
  additionally , i can make silly arguments like yours too . 
  example . 
  killing someone with a gun . 
  `` you 're saying it 's okay to imprison and ruin people 's lives for contracting some muscle fibers a few centimeters ( shooting a gun ) an inherently cruel , inhuman , and yes , bigoted statement . 
  rhetoric not your strongest subject huh ? 
  no matter , i 'm tolerant of all people , even if they are a little bit crazy , 
  exactly what i figured , i appreciate the levelheaded response !, 
  yes they definitely matter !, 
  the sooner hrc wins the sooner she 'll get to start on trump , something that could prove fruitful in the ge . 
  evolution and creation are n't mutually exclusive . 
  that 's explicitly stated by the catholic church . 
  part of the mystery of faith is that it is , well , a mystery . 
  catholicism does not say those in non catholic religions are not saved ( same goes for unbaptised children , atheists , etc ), 
  if you 're question is who 's smarter , objectively she is . 
  i was actually using your rhetorical framework to show that it has no validity . 
  if you think my argument was stupid , well , then you think yours is as well . 
  but i think everyone knew that already . 
  is n't it past your bedtime ? 
  even including all of them , that equates to under 15million . 
  that still does not change my point, 
  do you have any evidence supporting your claim ? 
  i 'd like to understand your viewpoint better, 
  i think you replied to the wrong person, 
  with what ? 
  i included the us and all other jews in that, 
  again , this does n't have anything to do with ops post, 
  the simple fact is we do n't know , so any speculation is rooted in pure ignorance, 
  evidence ? 
  that 's quite the assumption, 
  evidence ? 
  sounds like he 's simply being business savvy, 
  do you have proof sanders is the only candidate with integrity ? 
  so what evidence is there saying helping them is bad, 
  can you still not provide a source ? 
  is it funny that i like evidence backing up claims before i jump on board ? 
  i was referring to the alliance, 
  i 'm just saying sanders lost , that 's largely why he gets no media attention, 
  this is not a neutral source . 
  just stating the obvious, 
  that does not mean it deemed correct by the catholic church , so no, 
  interesting insight , thanks !, 
  read up on the statistics he 'd need to win by . 
  improbable at best, 
  what a poorly written article , but that is standard for huff post these days, 
  that has nothing to do with the catholic church , which is the final say on catholicism, 
  he does n't flip flop yet he 's getting slaughtered . 
  maybe it 's a winning strategy he should consider, 
  check the delegate count, 
  your arguments fail on multiple levels, 
  el salvadorean goverment is not catholicism, 
  the examples are mostly taken out of context or rationalized to fit the narrative the trump is a racist . 
  the delegate count speaks for itself, 
  i think you 're done here, 
  sick comeback, 
  or you could do something productive with your life instead of being a drugged up loser, 
  productive member of society and high society are n't the same , so ... 
  the arguments just going over your head, 
  source ? 
  i found the `` enlightened '' european guys, 
  whoa . 
  just literally cut myself with that edginess, 
  cruz truly is the most unlikeable candidate in recent memory, 
  it 's [ current year ] !, 
  replace all attractive people with angry gender fluid sjws !, 
  like this will actually do anything . 
  who is drumpf ? 
  seriously who is drumpf ? 
  what an unfunny joke , if you can even call it that, 
  `` my family is more diverse than yours therefore i can be a condescending bitch ! '', 
  edit : mods banning people for calling out the stupidity of the article . 
  soft !, 
  if there was coverage showing how poorly his economic plans would affect the economy he 'd have even less support than he already does . 
  it 's the platform, 
  anecdotal , but everyone i 've talked to who has met her ( including myself ) was not fond of her, 
  seeing as the majority of economists agree sanders plan is laughably bad , coverage of the few who think it 's good would be awfully biased . 
  exactly what you 're complaining about . 
  his ideas are n't liked by the people . 
  it 's as simple as that, 
  it 's actually pathetic that you think majority is synonymous with best . 
  there 's a ton more where these came from , but i thought this would give a good starting point, 
  american people have voted , and they overwhelmingly disagree with his policies . 
  unless you have n't been following the elections and do n't know he 's getting blown out in the delegate count ? 
  bernie just has dumb ideas , that 's not the dncs fault, 
  a kidney blackmarket value is $ 200,000 . 
  if every bernout on / r/s4p donates a kidney , we 'll raise $ 42,800,000,000 so bernie can keep visiting irrelevant native indian reservations !, 
  the united states is a major global player with a huge population compared to european countries . 
  instead of spewing irrelevant and dumb ideas , read up on the topic . 
  no platform is perfect , and bernie 's fails in the economic areas .
