i 'll do it, 
  ireland is on the countries list now . 
  added . 
  incidentally though no one has chosen them yet, 
  fixed it for singapore . 
  working on other countries, 
  added, 
  so far thats all anybody has been choosing haha, 
  fixed thank you, 
  just learned thats how it 's spelt . 
  the more you know, 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  1 ) never thought about that . 
  i 'd recommend putting 1, 
  2 ) i used wikipedia for former players who played the most . 
  will add those you suggested , but remember you can type in a player if they arent listed, 
  3 ) open for interpretation, 
  4 ) best guess / 10,000,000 + includes infinite money ( so never ) , 
  completely correct . 
  fixed . 
  thanks, 
  a week or two ? 
  depends how many responses we get, 
  no it 's in the miscellaneous section at the end too . 
  i just thought i 'd ask one for the americans because the guys over on / r/soccer are always saying how the `` yanks '' only follow football because of fifa . 
  so far they are completely wrong, 
  where the hell did i get kenny from ? 
  haha . 
  edited . 
  thanks, 
  what made you do it `` stupidly '' ? 
  any tips ? 
  i chose that as well . 
  if you donate it all i think it 's worth it , 
  but could he beat sakho ? 
  thanks agger, 
  based on the responses ... not really, 
  i 'm about 80 % done . 
  results may be posted this weekend . 
  sorry for the delays . 
  thanks for being patient and supplying your inputs for the survey . 
  jose morinho is truly a tactical genius . 
  playing for those 0-0 draws like it 's no one 's business . 
  he did n't even need to wear his stupid bubble vest this time !, 
  funny , but why did they draw suarez as a chinese guy with a zlatan nose ? 
  ever heard of march madness ... 
  since br is creating his fifa 15 dream team, 
  request . 
  usc cheerleader getting leveled in the 4th quarter . 
  this is probably the worst explanation you could make for this . 
  how does that make you a physicist , at all ? 
  14 year old kids learn that in their introductory physics courses . 
  why is that the * only * thing you study ? 
  not one for well roundedness ? 
  you can get a degree and still have other stuff `` thrown in , '' to have a better understanding of the world and make well educated decisions . 
  take a look at the university of notre dame . 
  even if you 're a physics major there you need to take theology , english , philosophy , and a lot more . 
   the vast majority of other equally/far more respectable unis, 
  seeing as notre dame is the best catholic university in the world , there really are n't any universities more respectable , first of all, 
  my point is why are you taking straight physics when you could get a physics degree and still attain a broad liberal arts education . 
  what happens when you have to make an important decision on anything other than physics ? 
  surely you ca n't be such a miserable wretch all the time ? 
   why am i wanting to do a degree in physics , when i could dilute it with the arts , with an average starting salary of well below # 20,000 ? 
  you 're proving your stem narrow mindedness . 
  the arts do n't dilute your oh so precious physics degree , they enhance it and give it meaning . 
  this is coming from someone with two stem degrees . 
   so either well below # 15,000 , or pick from 8 out of the top 12 best paying , all well above # 20,000 ? 
  or consider a phd . 
  my uni has local industry sponsor phds for my subject . 
  most of the applied physics ones ( which i could theoretically do ) pay most people a real world salary of # 35 - # 50,000 . 
  seems like you are only chasing dollar signs instead of attempting to better your mind and spirit through higher education . 
  if thats the case , there are far easier degrees you can get that can earn you well over # 65,000 a year . 
   why would i give up all these potential skills and depth to look like i half assed my degree because i was n't able to fully commit to an intensive course and chickened out to only half study physics , just to say `` but look !, 
  my degree title has one other thing in it ! '', 
  that ' t not what taking additional liberal arts courses entails , and if you think so then that is honestly sad . 
  those of us who are driven can supplement a stem degree with the arts without having to worry about sacrificing the authenticity of the degree . 
   i have hobbies and interests outside my course ... 
  i never brought this up and it has no pertinence to the conversation . 
   so to answer your question , what happens is that i have more , better in every way choices that i will have a better career prospects with and am more likely to earn more money and be more employable . 
  you have more career options and employability by limiting yourself to taking only physics classes ? 
  well , my friends in hr will get a kick out of this at least . 
  also , again with your ` it 's all about the money , ' attitude . 
   because physics is n't enough/doesn ' t have enough career routes/pales in comparison is embarrassing , frankly . 
  i 'd like you to point out where i said that . 
  you ca n't , but still , try . 
   go nuts and send me a load of links you googled about `` how nobody wants a physics degree . '', 
  seriously questioning your reading abilities at this point . 
  try using some literature skills ( which apparently are beneath you ) to read through my earlier comments and see if you can come back with a mature argument that makes sense . 
  soft, 
  speedywaffles, 
  speedywaffles, 
  well . 
  you tried . 
  numbers and letters can be hard . 
  salty you didnt get the deal i see, 
  this is definitely one of my favorite commentary videos i 've seen of the crucible , you should make more . 
  question : at 3:10 you say you slid to get off the radar . 
  i had no idea that was a game mechanic ? 
  does the same go for if you 're crouched and or not moving ? 
  ios release date ?
