  crowd looks terrible on tv with them . 
   toews seems to already be declining himself, 
  had to stop reading after that . 
  that 's cute, 
  looks like we have a genius here guys , look out . 
  it absolutely is . 
  i 'm not going to read all that . 
  i will say that top 9 forward is an expression regularly used . 
  that 's great , your opinion on the term does n't stop it from existing and being used by other people . 
   haha, 
  oh no , its retarded ^, 
  someone got bullied in high school, 
  thankfully tattoo removal has come a long way, 
  unfortunately i do n't have any shit ass gaming tattoos to get removed, 
  why the fuck ca n't you play with big ice in 3s offline . 
  really dislike the small ice, 
  3 - played the beta for an hour and got bored, 
  did n't know shit talking was a sin . 
  your mom after your dad beat her ? 
  this is the most retarded and convoluted franchise i 've ever seen, 
  shit chirp, 
  this sub sucks, 
  is that supposed to be funny, 
  ok . was this supposed to be funny, 
  lol you 're a shit sipper, 
   as an fsu grad, 
  i 'm so sorry, 
  what if you shut up and let consumers choose how to spend their money ? 
  you mean the completely optional micro transactions that no one forces you to buy ? 
  lol, 
  video games are for fun . 
  if you 're not having fun , do n't play them . 
  companies are n't obligated to bend their knees to the small minority of people who are avidly against microtrandactions, 
   small minority wtf ? 
  these are businesses . 
  they would n't be doing microtransactions if they were n't making them money . 
  look up the numbers on dlc sales and you 'll understand that the complainers on reddit do not represent the gaming population, 
   there are many reasons people buy micro dlc but they would rather have it gone, 
  again , these people are consciously choosing to purchase dlc . 
  no one if forcing anyone to buy anything . 
   hence why i will never defend fun sucking micro transactions . 
  i forgot that adding content to video games makes them less fun, 
  oh look , a teenager, 
  yes, 
  ok tell me what was funny about it, 
  thanks for some cringey reddit insult ? 
  if anyone used that in real life they 'd get laughed out of the room, 
  you 've angered the virgins, 
  it 's not funny, 
  that cut deep . 
  i 'm sorry for you, 
  i think you could use xanax, 
  this is an advertisement, 
   proud pioneers, 
  til paying 60 bucks for a toy makes you a pioneer . 
  skyrim was great , so i 'd love to see a skyrim 2 released at some point in the near future, 
  nathan scott is the only correct answer, 
  how much was he paid to say this i wonder, 
  `` i disagree with an opinion . '', 
  ftfy, 
   yall know knack 2 does n't belong in the same tier as these other games, 
  `` a game i have n't played is objectively not as good as these other games '', 
  based on the spelling it looks like bell is suffering from early cte . 
  i decided to buy d2 after reading how retarded your comment was . 
  this is an advertisement, 
  this post made me decide to buy a bunch of silver . 
  it 's a toy buddy, 
  wow you 're a fag lol, 
  i 've been playing normally and have more shaders than i know what to do with . 
  this is a total nontraversey . 
  because i 'm not taking part in one of r/games several mindless circlejerks ? 
  guess what . 
  i 'm a consumer and i 'm free to spend my money how i want and enjoy the game . 
  a bunch of internet bums complaining about it do n't affect me in any way, 
  me too, 
  i forgot having disposable income is self-centered . 
  lol, 
  business makes the world go round . 
  cry with the rest of the peasants . 
   there is a big difference between good doctors and bad doctors, 
  except that 's not true at all . 
  if you look at statistics of the top 5 % vs the bottom 5 % of doctors , their performances are only marginally different, 
  fuck you we all would 've reacted like that, 
  no thanks, 
  thanks for the two anecdotes . 
  they have no effect on population statistics, 
  yes, 
  you 're on a computer right now, 
  not really, 
  patrick sharp sharpies you fuck, 
  wrong, 
  learn how to write jesus christ, 
   obvious cash grab, 
  business tries to make money . 
  more at 11, 
  is your opinion that they should n't try to make money ? 
  if so , yokes, 
  awesome . 
  then shut up, 
  firms or individuals ?
