  so you 're just going to ignore the whole , sanders does n't understand the economy , thing ? 
  keep up the ignorance champ , takes real dedication, 
  it actually does , but once again you 're too dull to understand any of it . 
  read up , then get back to me bud, 
  desperation . 
  the trick is to get off the sinking ship , not blame other people for all the holes in it while drowning with it . 
  coming from the guy without an argument . 
  ad hominem 's are fair game outside of logic based rhetoric . 
  you 're mad that he learned a historical fact ? 
  that jesus was a real person ? 
  it 's fine if you are n't religious , but being ignorant of other religions is just as bad as any other type of ignorance . 
  and i presented a counter argument which you seem to be ignorant of . 
  should n't you be phonebanking or something ? 
  why, 
  you 're actually objectively wrong , just enjoying your sad ignorance by not analyzing the evidence presented . 
  europe is n't a utopia . 
  it 's not dubious . 
  if you 're using wikipedia for your historical research , then that 's its own problem . 
  trying to hide the fact that jesus existed and started a religious movement is ignorant . 
  you have a great opportunity to teach your son about christianity which , whether you 'd like to admit it or not , shaped the modern world and still has a huge impact today . 
  how can one have the best understanding of the world without understanding christianity or religion ? 
  jesus was real . 
  denying that similar to denying climate change . 
  dubious because a small minority of scholars say so ? 
  that 's not what dubious means . 
  archeology and historical resources have confirmed dozens of people in the bible, 
  as with any historical research , there 's going to be a limited amount of evidence because new studies and evidence ca n't be produced . 
  the simple fact is there is no conclusive data proving he was not real , and there is a strong amount of evidence suggesting he was real . 
  whether he was real or not can not be conclusively proven , but the evidence overwhelmingly suggests he was real, 
  it 's not against the law to learn about jesus , most school districts advanced english programs read the old and new testament, 
  my point was that it is silly to do so, 
  seeing as ap english exams ask questions about biblical allusions , its taught nearly everywhere ap lit is taught, 
  this is one of the best written pieces i 've seen on the matter . 
  includes analysis from top theologians and the writer himself is quite smart . 
  read through any tell me what you think , it addresses quite a bit . 
  i think we 've gotten a bit off topic . 
  what 's the problem with young children learning the basics about religion ? 
  the u.s. was founded on basic judeo-christian principles , and there are millions practicing different faiths . 
  why not learn more about them ? 
  what if the child was interested in learning more about them ? 
  many top theologians * are * atheists . 
  theology is just the study of religion . 
  how can you be so vehemently against something without understanding it ? 
  you did n't answer my question, 
  still have n't answered my question . 
  seems like you 're realizing you 're in the wrong, 
  easy, 
  why do n't you get your research published on this front then get back to me then, 
  what people do n't understand is that at the end of the day , we live in a capitalist society . 
  the free market determines wages based on someone 's contribution to the economy . 
  routinely , studies show that in order to not be poor ( not rich either but still ) you need to finish high school , not get pregnant before marriage , and routinely work s regular job . 
  that 's it . 
  there 's always going to be some people who have more , but as income equality increase the incentive to make more and contribute more to the economy decreases as well . 
  savage . 
  just like bernie 's protesters in chicago, 
  it 's still a shame the gop could n't get their act together in the last ge , obama is not deserving of being a two term president, 
  38 upvotes , 74 % upvoted in 27 minutes for a complete non-story about , of course , sanders . 
  never change r/politics , never change . 
  college should prepare students for the real world . 
  to teach them how to learn . 
  to give them tangible skills and or knowledge for the job market . 
  safe spaces go against all of that . 
  an absolute shame that dolt administrators think these have any merit, 
  i completely forgot , we need to post an article for * every * remaining superdelegate bernie gets . 
  thankfully that will only be a few dozen out of over 200, 
  that settles it folks , the redditor tasty_yams does n't `` ever '' encounter this stuff , so therefore its not out there and no one has any idea it exists !, 
  that does n't change the fact that there is no political substance to the article . 
  none, 
  if you need me to tell you the negatives of obama 's presidencies i 'm not sure you belong in this forum, 
  you 've clearly never met with an hr department, 
  this woman 's `` rape '' case is as legitimate as the `` journalism '' from vice . 
  sad !, 
  the simple fact is there 's more evidence and more scholars who agree that jesus was a real person . 
  buy into the few articles that say he was made up , fine , but you 're no different than the people who believe in the few articles saying man made climate change is a myth instead of believing the general consensus, 
   university should introduce students to the best that the history of thought has to offer, 
  essentially the same line of thinking as my point about teaching students how to learn . 
  that is done by teaching them , not the best , but all that the history of thought has to offer . 
  you ca n't decide what the best is without seeing all there is out there . 
   the point is not to train a workforce, 
  training a workforce , preparing students for the real world , teaching students how to learn are not mutually exclusive ; in fact they are generally linked together, 
   if you think that , you 're a damn fool, 
  ad hominem while not providing a shred of evidence, 
   the point of higher education is to cultivate a citizenry adequate to shaping the future, 
  which is done by , what i said , preparing students for the real world , teaching them how to learn , and giving them tangible skills and or knowledge, 
   the reason what the students are doing is so shameful is precisely because it confines itself to policing language within an institution at the expense of grappling with material issues that affect the world, 
  this is a terribly written sentence , but i think you 're arguing that `` students '' do n't address real world issues . 
  you pointed out that being educated to serve in the workforce is not the point of university , but being educated to serve in the workforce is also a real world issue . 
  you 've contradicted yourself , and shown you 're argument is lacking a logical base . 
  i also point out that education should prepare students for the real world . 
  i thought it was obvious but i will clarify , one of the ways to do this is by addressing real world issues . 
  further , this is what is actually taught in universities ; unless you went to hogwarts i 'm not sure what schools fail to address real world issues in subjects taught . 
   their worst offense is that they will effect nothing but transient headlines . 
  * affect , firstly, 
  i also do n't see how this vague statement is related to your already fractured argument . 
  it 's interesting you say that because the only difference between being a poor white person and poor black person is white vs. black culture . 
  racial profiling is largely overblown . 
  research demonstrates time and time again the level of racial profiling and discrimination is actually miniscule . 
  that 's not to say there are racists and bigots - obviously there are and there always will be . 
  but to assume that racism is an inherent problem is actually , surprisingly ( to me at least ) a stereotype . 
  research also shows one of the top stereotypes held against white americans is that they are racist .
