  and how can you blame them when the media has pushed false concepts like racial profiling and white privilege to folkloric levels of perpetuance in society ? 
  look , i really love bernie for getting the discussion started about true left leaning ideology , something which has been absent from american politics for sometime now . 
  but this article does him no favors , and does n't even make a coherent argument . 
  this article is a piece of shit . 
   the culture of the sanders campaign involves an appreciation and recognition of the fact that change never happens from the top down . 
  historically , it always takes place from the bottom up . 
  provides no citation or evidence, 
   it raises expectations , giving poor , working class , and middle class americans hope for a society structured like other industrialized democracies of the world , where universal single-payer healthcare , paid family medical leave , free tuition at public colleges and universities , and other social welfare programs are available to all citizens . 
  we know what his views are , how is he creating this change ? 
  grassroots organizers do n't pass bills, 
   clinton knows what is required to create change , but she will only pursue the change she can believe in . 
  i 'm not a clinton supporter but her approach and bernie 's are different philosophies . 
  you could easily argue hers is better . 
  but why explore the other viewpoint ? 
   after they took action , cities like san francisco , seattle , and los angeles , and states like california and oregon have initiatives on the ballot this year for $ 15/hour wage . 
  people defied the harping of pundits , who muttered about what is and is not realistic , or about how this would hurt workers , and fought for dignity without paying much heed to propaganda in the news . 
  and we still do n't know the long term effects of these policy changes . 
  will the increased spending power of the lower class rev up the economy ? 
  or will wage prices inflated far above market demand cause a drop off in employment ? 
  we do n't know yet . 
  radical change does not always imply the change will be better . 
   with that in mind , what is truly unrealistic is thinking a politician , who lowers expectations for change and calms the anxieties of corporate and special interests during their presidential campaign , will be able to make any meaningful achievements in social justice and human rights . 
  no explanation or evidence, 
   historically , government , whether in the hands of republicans or democrats , conservatives or liberals , has failed its responsibilities , until forced to by direct action : sit-ins and freedom rides for the rights of black people , strikes and boycotts for the rights of workers , mutinies and desertions of soldiers in order to stop a war . 
  a bit sensationalist . 
  the constitution has been held up for over 200 years . 
   this is the kind of change sanders speaks about at the end of every single one of his stump speeches . 
  he receives roaring applause , as he recalls the trade unionist movement , the civil rights movement , the women 's right movement , and the movement for lgbt rights . 
  so by talking about these issues , which were complex and on a national level , somehow this implies his initiatives such as free college as a right are on par with this ? 
  false equivalency . 
   uprisings are what get things done for the people, 
  sensationalist, 
   it is realistic to declare this is the only way radical change will happen, 
  again implies radical change and progress is always better, 
   without vibrant grassroots movements changing reality , the richest and most corrupt people in power will keep trampling on the livelihoods of lower and working class americans , allowing cities across america to transform into sacrifice zones like flint , michigan, 
  sentimentalism, 
  do you have evidence backing your claims ? 
  because i deny things that do not have evidence supporting them . 
   second , climate change is happening now , where as the fictional events in the bible happened many years ago . 
  the ` evidence ' , opinions , and arguments for both cases are entirely different . 
  that does n't change the fact that basic rhetorical and logical principles imply that the more evidence there is supporting a side , the stronger said side is . 
  still no evidence ? 
   from my perspective , there is more evidence against jesus existence . 
  so ... one of us has more knowledge than the other . 
  i guess you 're done here . 
  denying objective evidence , is well , pathetic . 
  still , no evidence, 
  first of all , thank you for posting some evidence !, 
  the main problem with this ? 
  assuming that statistical disparity is related to discrimination ( not saying you did this specifically ), 
  first of all , blacks use marijuana 21-25 % more than the average population . 
  the charts do a good job of hiding this , but breaking down the numbers mathematically gets you to this number . 
  second , blacks are more likely to conduct drug trade and use drugs in open air ( aka more likely to get caught ) settings - arrest statistics prove this as well . 
  finally , sociology shows those of a lower income bracket are more likely to be distrustful of authority figures -- especially police , and this causes an increase in conflicts between lower income individuals and police . 
  i should also add that the most recent research suggests the key reason for the discrepancy is due to this, 
   black boys were more likely to display early conduct problems and low academic achievement and experience poor parent -- child communication , peer delinquency , and neighborhood problems , which increased their risk for juvenile arrest . 
  so added together , you have a dense community of people who are using marijuana at a higher rate than the national average in a less secretive manner , and are more likely to get in confrontations with the police which further increases the likelihood of getting arrested for marijuana . 
  so do blacks get arrested more for marijuana ? 
  yes -- and behavioral explanations can show why . 
  i enjoy the irony in your comments, 
  this is not an argument, 
  this is not how an argument works, 
  goodbye to you * and * your ignorance, 
  i could also tell you to read all the articles regarding this topic . 
  that is not what an argument is . 
  really ? 
  after providing no specific evidence ? 
  astonishing, 
  actually i provided evidence to all of my claims, 
  actually we 're the dumb ones - we provided facts instead of resorting to insults !, 
  3 , nih, 
  when can we get articles of substance back ? 
  seriously . 
  all i was getting at is they would n't have made the same mistakes as obama . 
  not that they would n't have made different or similar mistakes . 
  oops replied to the wrong person , sorry scoby !, 
  the most recent editions , of course . 
  i always provide the most recent sources i can, 
  you 've walked right into an old rhetoric trap friend . 
  when someone is losing an argument , a great way to see if they actually have the ability to hold up their argument is as follows . 
  lay out a well done counter argument , but include a small , trivial piece that is not important and also incorrect ; such as a spelling correction . 
  those who have the ability to defend their argument focus on the counter argument . 
  those who do n't ? 
  focus on the incorrect spelling correction . 
  looks like you 've shown your argument to be , well , inarguable . 
  it 's okay if you 're having a tough time reading a scientific article , i 've been doing this for over 25 years now an still have trouble !, 
  here 's what i think you 're missing, 
   in sum , most racial discrepancies in juvenile male arrests were accounted for by an increased exposure to childhood risk factors, 
  so i think you might be confusing the original hypothesis, 
   disproportionate minority arrest is due to increased exposure to early risk factors, 
  with the second hypothesis, 
   a differential sensitivity to early risk factors, 
  it 's a pretty nuanced difference , but explains everything pretty well . 
  '' #bernie ` saloser '', 
  '' #anytimebernielosesastateitsvoterfraud '', 
  how could you possibly imply that choosing the first poll you come across is accurate ? 
  where can i buy the same model tin foil hat as yours ? 
  seems like your able to tune out about all logic and reason and i 'd like to give it a whirl !, 
  any fundamental approach to statistics would tell you that you need to look at more than one poll for any issue, 
  can we ban salon , vox , vice , and huffpo articles ?
