  yellow , black . 
  yellow , black . 
  yellow , black . 
  yellow , black . 
  ooh , black and yellow !, 
  let 's shake it up a little . 
  breakfast is ready !, 
  coming !, 
  hang on a second . 
  hello ? 
  donald !? 
  #nooo ^ ooo ^ ooo ^ ooo ^ ooo ^ ooo ^ ooo ^ ooo ^ ooo !!!!!!!!!, 
  get em out of here, 
  #out ^ out ^ out !, 
  #quick !, 
  get him a coat !, 
  speaking as a doctor -- there definitely is , unfortunately . 
  not a `` war '' in the traditional sense though . 
  that was dumb and failed . 
  it causes huge societal problems . 
  they should add a fourth ` no ' for no obesity as well . 
  the less of these issues there are in america the better off we 'll be . 
  #deport the fatties !, 
  i know the best ass . 
  in fact , i have my best asses working on this right now . 
  we 're gon na have so much ass you 'll be sick of ass . 
  right now china is trying to devalue their ass so they get more of our ass , it 's shameful . 
  there 's millions and millions of asses out there , and i 'm gon na bring them back to america to make america great again !, 
  or keith, 
  #tremendous !, 
  #get him outta here !, 
  out out out !, 
  #that 's a fucking low energy millipede, 
  guess who paid for this stupid fucking `` training '' ( brainwashing ), 
  that 's right folks , comes right out of the students tuitions . 
  and people are complaining about student debt . 
  simple explanation actually . 
  cruz is 2.3 x uglier than the average senator , so he needed a way to get people to actually want to work for him, 
  this breaks rule 4 :(, 
  #based jeanine pirro = high energy milf !, 
  you ca n't stump the trump , copyright cucks, 
  reuploaded, 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q2aewxgyaa ), 
  #el rato is always sneaking around, 
  #deport rats, 
  in 1773 your bloody parliament passed the tea act to set up a tea monopoly . 
  then a bunch of american high energy patriots dumped your stupid fucking tea into the mother fucking boston harbor . 
  all 92000 pounds of it . 
  this was all done so god-emperor could run as president in 2016 , by the way . 
  if anyone told me a man this fucking ugly was in a prostitution scandal i 'd smack them silly . 
  knowing its the rat though ... once a rat always a rat . 
  #deport rafael, 
  #thanks obama, 
  check your privilege , cuck, 
  quite the special snowflake, 
  maybe he 's just unlikeable with bad policies . 
  rip mr. steven . 
  you will be remembered as martyr , senselessly cut down during the prime of your life by a mad lad . 
  10 hour old post and not a single mention of the bears packers rivalry . 
  you ca n't call this a football sub anymore . 
  not dank . 
  not christian . 
  not even technically a meme . 
  but did witcher 3 win any goty awards ? 
  dude weed lmao, 
  ruin wings so you do n't look like a dumbass, 
  ban the model of car he used to go and buy the gun, 
  pros - we get a better game, 
  cons - we get more shitposts like yours, 
  renouncing my german citizenship and becoming an american citizen was one of the best moments of my life . 
  as a former german citizen , this comment is utterly false , an agenda peddled by fools, 
  yeah that proves my point lol, 
  all good amigo, 
  as a former german citizen , only german left wing nuts could ruin a lovely moment like this . 
  if they were migrants though this would be celebrated as nauseum, 
  assimilate or leave . 
  not that hard to figure out folks . 
  but we got 17 more `` drumpf sucks lol xd '' articles instead -- without them where would anyone go to for journalistic integrity and articles that hold up to scrutiny ? 
  brits in spain - assimilate or leave, 
   vanilla destiny lacked content to such a degree that i 'm skeptical that sony paid activision to make new content exclusively for sony . 
  i think the money was paid to exclude already made content from xbox . 
  given how much vanilla destiny lacked content , the fact that anybody was missing some of the content was insulting . 
  no evidence for this other than your own speculation , and this would only apply to vanilla destiny which is over 2 years old . 
  in destiny , both console users paid the same amount of money for the game/dlc 's , but one group gets more content . 
  this is because sony paid for the additional content . 
  xbox users also do get the content , just at a later date, 
   even for ps4 users , most of the exclusive content is rendered pretty useless because of the exclusivity deal . 
  it means extra strikes ca n't be the nightfall , extra pvp maps ca n't be trials maps , etc. 
  i do n't see how this renders the content useless . 
  these are only two game modes . 
  here 's how all this works, 
  * sony as a company pays bungie to develop additional content , which is exclusive to ps4 for a certain amount of time . 
  microsoft has the option to , but declines . 
  * this helps activision because they do n't have to put additional funding in the game, 
  * sony benefits because it attracts consumers to their products, 
  * bungie benefits by receiving additional funding to create new content, 
  * xbox consumers benefit by receiving additional content for free , although at a later date because microsoft did not help in the funding . 
  * bungie/sony/activision explain the exclusivity months ahead of time , and consumers are given the choice as to which product to purchase . 
  all parties benefit and consumers are clearly told ahead of time how the exclusivity deals will work . 
  activision/bungie are n't backstabbing any consumers .
