  surprised people even give her the time of day anymore to be honest . 
  she 's only making herself look even worse than she already did which is the funniest part to me, 
  i was n't denying them there humanity . 
  at the same time though , the u.s. can not simply abandon israel . 
  that would be political suicide . 
  this is a middle east issue really, 
  you 'd be amazed at how much more informed you can be if you stick to hard evidence . 
  i 'm always shocked at the misinformation on this site when the whole internet has free information to learn . 
  there 's no evidence ( yet ) for what was on the teleprompters . 
  it could 've just been talking points . 
  this entire article is irrelevant until then . 
  as much as i hate to say it , everything donald says is true in this video . 
  they are on a sinking ship wasting time and effort . 
  it 's quite sad , but then again these are the people who dislike anyone more successful than them, 
  is it any different than jotting down notes on pen and paper ? 
  this is childish, 
  really ? 
  so i do n't get immediately downvoted for agreeing with donald trump, 
   the former secretary of state also said trump is appealing to bigotry with his pledges ... to deport migrants who are in the country illegally, 
  i did n't know it was bigotry for wanting to hold people accountable to the law . 
  this , folks , is coming from hillary of all people . 
  is this what this sub has come down to ? 
  debating semantics ? 
  this has literally no impact whatsoever on anything . 
  you can actually have allies without any adversaries . 
  lots of examples in biology , psychology , and sociology !, 
  check 'em out !, 
  who is drumpf ? 
  since all you people seem to be able to do is cut and paste , here is some reading material . 
  [ an excellent paper ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/3033683?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents ) . 
  if you have questions i 'll be happy to help, 
  i did n't know you represent the entire `` sane '' middle class !, 
  what an honor to have met , on reddit of all places . 
  but you know what they say about people who feel the need to qualify their sanity ... right ? 
  a quote with no analysis is like a cardboard tube with no toilet paper . 
  i have no idea . 
  it makes hillary come across as childish and foolish, 
  headline in the title is incorrect . 
  it actually reads, 
  # `` sad native-american poser acts like a child on social media after getting called out for being a fraud '', 
   i do n't need to qualify anything . 
  immediately after qualifying your sanity . 
  ouch . 
   trump has the best chance of ruining everything . 
  sweeping generalizations , no logical base for these strong claims without evidence . 
   keep thinking reddit is a good proxy for america . 
  ask bernie sanders how that played . 
  nowhere did i imply i used reddit as a proxy for the american population, 
  0/3 on that one man :(, 
  it 's simply condensed to focus on a talking point for discussion, 
   completely fake, 
  also known as `` word for word , '' with an apa/mla/chicago style appropriate use of ellipses . 
  you 're quite dense . 
  as i replied to another person who is using flawed logic , ellipses are accepted in all major style formats . 
  read up beforehand perhaps . 
  i like yours better, 
  it 's quite simple . 
  poor african-american support , relying on youth who always have poor turnout compared to other voting groups , and advocating policies such as free education which are completely foreign to the united states . 
  nothing in the quote was made up , nor was it deceiving . 
  everyone has access to the article as well . 
  in order to focus the discussion , i highlighted a part of the quote * i * found most interesting . 
  why reply twice ? 
  if a styling choice is your best argument , then you have a terrible argument . 
  you still have n't addressed my points . 
  they do n't teach you that in community college ? 
  evidence to your claims ? 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  and that , my friends , is the average psuedo-intellectual on / r/politics . 
  right . 
  there are so many voters from lincoln 's day voting in this election as well . 
  but, 
   sounds like your sad , angry ship is the one sinking in its own tears . 
  enjoy !, 
  is on topic ? 
  still , have not addressed any points . 
  simply amazing . 
  `` i 've never seen a trump supporter do x '' --  therefore all trump supporters do x, 
  an utterly flawed argument . 
  with no evidence either . 
  i actually do n't support donald trump , just post on his sub when it hits all . 
  nor does supporting a candidate give that supporter the qualities of the candidate 's base . 
  if i were to support hillary would that make me a poor black ? 
  what makes you say that ? 
  #berned ? 
  such a sorry lot on here, 
  nope , just like to post on there when it hits / r/all occasionally . 
  please make more assumptions though, 
  and there 's no evidence that there is n't anything intrinsically wrong with sander 's campaign and message ? 
  oh no , i just got #berned . 
  on reddit !, 
  i actually never said bernie supporters think he is jesus . 
  ouch, 
  i 'd like you to find where i said that, 
  so you still have no evidence for any of your claims ? 
  no where in that quote do i assume that bernie supporters think bernie is jesus . 
  nor do i say i 'm a trump supporter . 
  ive simply asked you for any evidence supporting your claim and you 've failed to do so multiple times now, 
  well are n't you a sad little man !, 
  hello !, 
  i actually am not a trump supporter so most of your comment is a wasted effort , other than showing your intolerance .
