  i thought being tolerant was what the left was all about ? 
  yes . 
  the delegate count , and the fact that he has lost the race . 
  surely that ca n't be entirely the medias fault, 
  i actually never mentioned sanders supporters in that comment , and i 'm still waiting for you to prove that i am a supporter of trump, 
  a single user does not represent the entire population voting for trump actually, 
  you 've made the same logical fallacy twice now . 
  individuals do not represent an adequate sample size to make a generalization about all the voters like you did earlier . 
  unless you can find stronger evidence , it looks like your claims are not valid, 
  if you do n't prove anything , you have no argument so i 'm unable to see your point , which is unfortunate because you really do seem like a `` bright '' guy, 
  actually if you read above , you 've made the same logical fallacy another user made . 
  the goalposts have not been moved , you 're just kicking wide, 
  i 'm replying to your comments and i 'm aware of this behavior . 
  care to go on making assumptions that are false ? 
  i agree entirely . 
  sanders has lost and the rest of these states are just for show , really, 
  alliances do n't necessarily require entirely equal levels of reciprocity , but i see your point, 
  asking for your viewpoints and failing to provide them means you have no argument , yes, 
  anecdotal evidence is not valid , i 'd be terrified to my bones if you did not know that previously, 
  well he is n't going to win the nomination . 
  so not winning is losing . 
  he 's a loser by definition, 
  seeing as the article was not about people driving without licenses , tax evasion , or littering ( not sure if you read it carefully ) , i did not feel the need to address these issues . 
  also , nowhere did i imply illegal aliens are all `` brown , '' i simply called for an enforcement of the law the article mentioned . 
  that 's what the concept `` equal rights '' is all about, 
  how ? 
  certainly not economically, 
  seeing as it 's not a lie , simply a rationale forecast ... 
  zero !, 
  so trump changing his mind to what he considers something more beneficial is bad ? 
  i 'm not quite following but i think you might just not be articulating your point well enough, 
  statistically , it 's an improbability sanders will win . 
  for all intents and purposes , it 's over , unless some catastrophic event occurs, 
  i fail to see how democratic primaries are rigged, 
  not bashing , just encouraging them to save their sheckles and invest their energy elsewhere where it is more beneficial for them , such as school , their jobs , or entrepreneurship, 
  wait so now he is racist ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's no evidence supporting such a bold claim unless you can show me otherwise, 
  well that was blatantly racist . 
  that 's no way to earn minority support either . 
  no need to be mean spirited, 
  current events also should enlighten you that the united states today has little in common with the united states when lincoln was president . 
  nice attempted comeback though , just keep trying !, 
  that 's what the bernouts say ad nauseum still correct ? 
  actually all 3 of those are objectively beneficial . 
  donating money to a politician that ca n't change anything is objectively not beneficial, 
  that 's all he is . 
  a message , false promises . 
  he wo n't change anything unless he were to get elected , which he never will believe it or not, 
  can you provide a source ? 
  that 's all i 'm asking for, 
  we have 300 million people in this country and the us is a major player in the global sphere . 
  two very small details you mysteriously left out of your cunning analysis . 
  also , really ? 
  criticizing my grammar ? 
  thats what you 're resorting to ? 
  you make bold claims , but you provide no evidence . 
  i never made any statements saying that i : do n't care about the law , am xenophobic ( my wife is colombian , fyi . 
  ) , hate mexicans , etc. 
  also following the law has nothing to do with `` ethnic cleansing . '', 
  if a mother chooses the break the law , she is choosing to sacrifice splitting up her family and ruining lives . 
  i support the laws , it 's simple . 
  are mormons known for having insanity issues , genuinely curious if there 's a basis to that -- they 're a tight community, 
  this country will never turn socialist nor will it have a trans president . 
  those folks are sandersforpresident are getting to you . 
  reddit a a very very small , extremely lett leaning community that does not reflect the united states in any form, 
  is there evidence for mormon birth defects from excessive inbreeding ? 
  if so i was unaware . 
  otherwise i fail to see their insanity, 
  i do n't understand how having a faith is related to insanity . 
  insanity is a real clinical condition which prevents someone from being a functioning member of society . 
  i 've never come across anything showing mormons have higher insanity rates than the general population, 
  these major changes make it difficult for any of bernies ideas to work , despite that they likely would not get passed nor would he ever get elected to office . 
  this is the general consensus , despite what biased sources like umass or huffpo may insinuate, 
  source ? 
  link ? 
  simply want everyone reading this to come from the same starting point, 
  he never said until the 1980s in his post , where are you reading that ? 
  any evidence supporting this ? 
  to sum it up : he made fun of her for being a fraud to get a reaction and media attention . 
  which worked perfectly . 
  like it has been . 
  yet people still act surprised, 
  unfortunately he will likely be dead by then so i do n't see your point, 
  i do n't recall ever using the phrase brown people . 
  also activating free education goes far beyond econ 101 -- i guess you never got that far in school to find out . 
  same goes for european countries , feel free to educate yourself on it . 
  in many cases , futures trading tanked , among other things . 
  but continue to act like a pseudo-intellectual , i 'm getting a kick out of this !, 
  no , actually, 
  the main criticism is that believing in the bible itself is a form of prejudice ? 
  out of all the angles the author chose possibly the hardest to argue , and he does not do a good job of it either . 
  if something is perceived to be sacred scripture , people will believe in it, 
  i appreciate your energy , but you still have n't provided any hard evidence yet to support your increasingly bold claims, 
  your post is pretty sexist . 
  youtube is not an accurate representation of the male population, 
  i was actually referring to the fact that , for a large proportion of the population free college is a foreign idea . 
  besides the fact that it 's not feasible, 
  you should probably do a better job representing christianity if you 're trying to debate him properly . 
  theological questions are some of the most challenging of our time , and `` why is your mom mean to you '' is not one of them . 
  mentioned *,
