oh , i am not just playing the devil 's advocate . 
   then it 's not longer an anecdote . 
  okay , in that case i see your points and agree to some extent . 
   my point is that you should n't believe random anecdotes . 
  i 'm not !, 
   it 's a three volume work but it proves 1 +1 = 2 . 
  but how can i know that what i 'm reading is n't influenced by subjective factors and as such invalid ? 
   well then you might as well be browsing / r/conspiracy . 
  9/11 was an inside job and the moon landing is fake , also the earth is actually flat , i know . 
   the problem is that anecdotes mean literally nothing and the above clearly applies to you . 
  `` literally nothing '' , ah , so you 're one of those . 
  the passive aggressiveness is strong with you . 
  have a nice day . 
  well , while i think immigrants should be picked under certain conditions ( like not having commited serious crimes ) , refugees are something different and should not be sent back for such a reason . 
  but if they commit a crime , they should go to prison like anyone else . 
   exactly right , so you are agreeing that anecdotes do n't mean anything ? 
  yes , i agree that anecdotes do n't mean anything if you do n't know enough about how valid they are . 
  i would n't see what i read on the internet as proof without questioning it . 
   anecdotes can not be quantified ... 
  if you decide on certain conditions for what counts as an anecdote , you can . 
   how do you know he lives in a muslim majority neighbourhood ? 
  are you believing him simply because you want to agree with what he 's saying ? 
  i do n't know it , however , is there anything he wrote that i could agree with ? 
  he did n't state anything regarding this topic . 
   anecdotes are a story from personal experience , which is completely subjective , can not be quantified and can not be validated in anyway . 
  well , in the end everything is subjective , so you can discredit everything that way . 
  in my personal subjective experience , 1 +1 has been equal to 2 in the decimal system , but how valid is that ? 
  how valid is anything really if you say that anecdotes are not indicating anything ? 
  perhaps we live in the matrix and everything we think is `` real '' is fake . 
  we do n't know . 
  but what works for us is our reality until that 's not the case anymore . 
  the problem here is that most people feel uncomfortable when being proven wrong and defend their opinion as if it 's something special . 
  the more data there is , the more likely it is that the indication is correct . 
  one personal experience does n't prove anything , but the more there are , the more accurate it should be to the standard . 
  a muslim majority neighborhood is a stronger indication than meeting a single muslim person in your life , living in one for a longer amount of time even more , and living in different places even more . 
  some people think german sounds harsh , i 'd rather say that it 's precise and clear , you can understand very well . 
  with english or french there are just so many vague sounds . 
  also many people are just very biased because of the influence of being raised in a time when germany is still being connected to hitler and him being their first impression of german . 
  what i ca n't stand however is ze german accent , it sounds so awkward to me . 
  a statistic is nothing more than a collection of anecdotes in the end . 
  i mean the accent when speaking english . 
  sounds like a mix between scottish and german to me . 
  why do people mistake telling someone to commit crimes with hate speech ? 
  talking shit about people is a different thing than telling people to beat and kill people because of how bad they are . 
  well , when there 's a birthday party and everything is going fine , nobody complains , but if it turns into a fight and the guests are beating up each other , you 'd probably end the party . 
  what 's happening now is that some people are saying `` you ca n't say it 's the guests ' fault , do n't generalize , there are 1 or 2 who did n't do anything '' or `` well , just let them , it 's their decision what they do '' while others say `` send those guests away because they ca n't behave '' and get mad at the others for defending the guests . 
  i do n't think that the problem are the ones who criticize , i think the problem is that the situation in europe turned into a crisis , and some people pretend that there 's nothing to fix or that it 's solely europe 's fault . 
  austria , the netherlands , denmark , norway , finland , iceland and estonia . 
  england i 'm not exactly sure about . 
  i would say it made me feel like someone just turned [ this type of bread ] ( http://static.zoonar.de/img/www_repository4/10/1c/78/10_f5ffae64f6e9be625e0af8241e4dc449.jpg ) into a pur\u00e9e of some sort . 
  was n't that bad , but my stomach did n't like it . 
  hmm , i see , thanks for the enlightening conversation !, 
  well , in that case i disagree with him , i still think that something should be changed though so that there is an even distribution , instead of everyone raiding germany and causing chaos like this . 
  if people die in order to save their lives , something is going very very wrong . 
   oh we really helped our `` gastarbeiter '' a great deal when they arrived here , paying them for shit so they had to settle in the worse off regions of bigger cities forming ghettos , those lazy asses ... oh , i see , so germany did that to itself ? 
  are you positive that it 's not rather on them ? 
  because i had that impression . 
  it 's not like they were forced to move here in the first place . 
  well , they 're not put to jail , / u/popadom4u just said that the laws regarding refugees should be changed in such a way that they do n't feel encouraged anymore to abuse the welfare system and be so obsessed about going to germany that they behave that shittily . 
  it 's not really the point that they compare the amount of money and help they get from the state , but rather that they go to the country with the culture that they are most interested in . 
  however , it does n't seem like they give a fuck about the culture , so it might just end up like with the turkish immigrants , they form their own little societies and do n't speak the language of their new country even after generations . 
  what will happen is that those who are somewhere else in europe atm will move to germany as soon as possible . 
  it will be terrible , i 'm calling it . 
  well , people that have a certain type of behaviour go to jail , is that discriminating against those ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  you get what you deserve . 
  if you 're trying to exploit a system and commit crimes in order to do that , i think you should be punished accordingly . 
  [ nah ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pb4nby2ai-g ), 
  i definitely wo n't vote for the npd , left probably not either , as for the others , i still feel like i 'm not informed enough about them and until 2017 it 's still a bit , things can change ( ^ ^ surprise !, 
  ) , so i wo n't make the final decision too early . 
  or well ... maybe i 'll just vote for die partei . 
  exactly , it 's also just not as crowded , in germany stuff is happening around me constantly , in finland it was very relaxing and i could just focus way more . 
  i somehow lack the ability to block out background noises and people who are coming too close to me make me feel irritated , it can really drive me crazy sometimes . 
  next time i 'll visit oulu , i guess that 's close enough to lapland . 
  oh , the soda , 2 $ per bottle was a special deal and the cheapest i could find , comparing it to here , where you get 2 litres of soda for around 50 cents or about 1-1 ,5 $ if you want the brand product . 
  however , there was a larger variety and it was pretty good , so there is that . 
  and there are quite some things that are rather inexpensive and taste awesome , m\u00e4mmi not being one of them . 
  it 's both , but rather because of the party . 
  yeah , the merchandise was everywhere last time i visited . 
  hm , i see , i 'm hoping for the best , i 'd want to visit finland again in the future since i like winters a lot and it 's much more lonely there which i like . 
  ^ ^ but ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ just ^ ^ so ^ ^ expensive ^ ^ there, 
  i 'd say there are other reasons than that , think about what happened to nokia or that they ca n't milk the angry birds franchise that well anymore . 
  apart from that there is what ? 
  paper industry ? 
  definitely not merkel . 
  germany will be in deep trouble , because most of the ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ economic migrants will do nothing but live off of welfare and work illegally . 
  ( i know my fair share of immigrants and germans originally from the middle east , and while some of them are really nice to talk to , their families are mostly not very hard workers and exploit the system as much as possible ) the ones who were forced to stay in other countries in europe will try to come to germany as soon as they can . 
  some cities might become very shitty places to live and most of the migrants will form their own communities , with many not speaking german even in decades , like it happened with the majority of turkish people . 
  regarding other countries , i think they also might suffer a bit , but apart from sweden nowhere near as much as germany . 
  also , who knows how many isis sympathisers will be among those who are coming to europe ... 
  i just hope that i 'll be gone by then , america/australia here i come . 
  wow , i thought at first that helping those people is a good thing , but those people are obsessed with germany to the point that they risk their lives more than if they would stay were they came from . 
  greedy bastards . 
  i 'll leave germany , i 'm ashamed of the german government trying to act all selflessly to avoid being called nazis again and then helping out and welcoming people like this . 
  they should pick out the few who are thankful and nice . 
  if they were really afraid of their lives and coming out of a warzone , they would be thankful as fuck for every drop of water and every bit of food they can get their hands on . 
  i do n't get it , i try to empathise with those people , but i just would n't act anything like that . 
  studying yes , but food and appartments are n't . 
  well well well , it 's a difference if you have a smartphone for about 100-200 bucks or one for 600 + . 
  if you 're starving , better sell the expensive smartphone and get a cheaper one so that you do n't have to beg for money in order to afford food etc.
