  and later blames aethelstan for that . 
  and you upvote chemical pleasure ?!? 
  at times this subreddit is so full of shit . 
  and btw . 
  aethelstan is right , ireland for example attracted it companies like google and facebook with low taxes and we should n't compete on matters like that , it 's just another way of forcing us to make sacrifices on cost of companies . 
  he 's partly right , if you 're not the most standard/typical reddit user with your opinions / r/europe will treat you like a piece of shit . 
  there 's just not enough space for a variety of views on many matters . 
  or at least that 's my impression . 
  that is true , you do n't really see or feel a difference whether you 're driving through slovenia or italy . 
  i think op considers all former udssr countries to be part of eastern europe . 
  czech republic and estonia 2 . 
  though in my opinion the expansion of the schengen agreement was a big mistake . 
  the amount of theft and robbery in germany is getting out of hand and i am all for more border controls on our eastern borders . 
  and only 3 weeks left until the weihnachtsmarkt starts !, 
  general interest/curiosity, 
  where you 're going ? 
  impressive response . 
  i only pay that if i have to take a dump . 
  otherwise i can just use every tree just as good . 
  and they rip you off at the toilets at the rest areas next to the autobahn . 
  1 $ for toilet use controlled by a monopoly ( tank und rast ), 
  this is / r/europe where you 're not allowed to be anything but an atheist . 
  / s kidding aside , i like your statement in this regard . 
  too bad that many people here want to pigeonhole you . . 
  is n't the right term igtheists ? 
  but that makes you disagreeing with tyson does n't it ? 
   currently there are 2665 responses ( over 13 % of subscribers ! ), 
  do you remember the stats for the last poll ? 
  did it cross 20 % ? 
  i think my english is insufficient to explain my point of view and i do n't like discussions on that matter on reddit . 
  they tend to escalate rather quickly . 
  to be clear my statement refers to the general lack of tolerance in / r/europe towards religious people with a more modern attitude towards society and living within it . 
  mistreating women and such other attitudes do n't belong to it . 
  it 's not so much an anti-islam circlejerk and rather / r/atheism all over again . 
  that 's what troubles me . 
  people that consider themselves open-minded but condemn religious people for same reasons ... 
  you 're the one who thinks that every agnostic is actually an atheist , without wasting a second thaught on which kind of agnostic belief a person choose . 
  let 's just agree to disagree , nothing good can come from this discussion . 
  norway kills whales . 
  sweden or denmark is my country of choice, 
  idealistic nonsense is my humble opinion . 
  also one of the reasons i could n't vote for the pirate party, 
  to the non-voters . 
  agnosticism is a comprehensive world view and as such he has every right to state himself as one . 
  in any case , i want the option to declare myself as an igtheist or apatheist . 
  stop pulling people in your category of choice . 
  what a dickish move, 
  both shouldnt get much appreciaton . 
   serdar somuncu he 's more depressing than funny . 
  and sometimes i 'm a bit unsure if he 's as tolerant as he portrays himself . 
  but depends on your personal preferences , my brother likes him . 
  to be fair there are n't really any funny austrians or swiss comedians out there as well . 
  kebekus is the only funny one . 
  and she is absolutely hilarious when you see her live . 
  her cousins were twenty-something . 
  a bit related , my sister is a teacher in germany and one of her pupils ( age 15 ) got seriously injured by two of her female cousins for not wearing a scarf . 
  i always thaught this only happens rarely ... my point is , they do n't seem to care as much as we do about jurisdiction . 
  i actually like the idea of the memorial but that it 's already falling apart is not acceptable . 
  whoever build it is scamming the government ... 
  i suggest the question to be : `` do you sympathise with pirate partys '' . 
  i for one agree with them mostly in terms of copyright but would n't vote them as i disagree on almost all the rest . 
  the second and third are redundant in my opinion . 
  i like the first one though . 
  i missed the last one would love another one . 
  why not 3000 trillions . 
  at that point there is just no difference besides some zeros . 
  when i was subscribed to both / r/circlejerk and / r/pics it happened regularly that i mixed them up so much alike can they be . 
  same goes with all the other default reddits ... 
  and nice that he said that in singapur , one of the reasons european countries are in this crisis ... 
  is n't f1 dead nowadays ? 
  at least to me it seems as if nobody cares about it anymore . 
  though they do n't use red bull motors . 
  what has greece to do with this ? 
  what are you referring to if i may ask ? 
  but translate.google is ok ? 
  it reminded me when times magazine choose the internet-user as the most important person in the world and the outrage that followed . 
  before people start raging that not a person got the nobel peace price , it already happened in the past ( doctors without borders amongst others ), 
  not necessarily , i assume they just got used to it and it will even out within the next 2-3 years . 
  at least that is what i hope for . 
  julia schramm did a good job damaging the pirate party . 
  amongst others ... 
  i have a strange urge to order boxes after boxes of precious lochkarten ... 
   there are actually a lot of solutions to the fishing situation . 
  is it going to save every fish , everywhere ? 
  no , of course not , but a lot of fishes in the oceans will be saved . 
  the problem is that nature does n't know borders . 
  if it would our eels would n't travel around the world and just stay here instead of getting catched by asian countries right after their birth ... 
  in the last 50k years there was n't such a demand and technology to get the fish . 
  and the by-catch will be send to fishing farms where it does n't matter if the fish is too young , too small or endangered , it 'd all be fed to salmons . 
  i just doubt that fisherman are able to bear the consequences . 
  if you let the fisherman handle that themselves we have no fish left within 5 years i presume . 
  someone who takes care on the current situation of the sea has to take care of that and make decisions backed up on studies . 
  i agree partly . 
  with all they money all those actors get ( who are just as good as any other actor ) and the costs for shows like tatort , traumschiff , etc. 
  they could at least try to make something for a broader and younger audience . 
  i mean there is enough material , a game of thrones serie with the nibelungensage could be awesome ( if done in an international way and not typical german ), 
  what bs . 
  just because you do n't like and watch musikantenstadl does n't mean that there are n't millions of elderly people who enjoy that show . 
  what morons they are for not supporting only your preferences !, 
  even worse when til schweiger joins the team ...
