  here in the north kn\u00f6del are seen as inferior to kartoffeln mit quark, 
  but an american going to florida he is still travelling within the usa while a german travelling to spain is in another country ( well ... not if it 's mallorca ), 
   they also spend the 2nd most amount of money in international tourism [ 2 ] . 
  for a country 4times the population of germany and only spending 2 billion more that is more proof that they do n't care all that much about international travelling . 
  spiegel is retarded and they are just desperatly searching for anything untrue and stupid to write about . 
  that 's why this should n't be so blown out of proportion here on reddit and nobody should waste energy on this story quite yet . 
  sad that they 're pushing anti-greece sentiments with this . 
  that doesnt help anyone, 
   100 supporters only in one germany . 
  there are others ? 
   is it 71 types of homosexuals already ? 
  apparently there are several types of homosexuals and cannibalism is a type of homosexual . 
  funny clip that 's for sure, 
   i understand their fear of russia , stockholm syndrome etc , but if they want to be european leaders , they have to solve their psychological problems themselves . 
  there is so much wrong with this sentence . 
  pretty dumb statement, 
  law of nature, 
  got it, 
  switzerland is different . 
  only countries with a similar geology could copy it . 
  i 'm in favour of conscription just so that the military stays connected and has a strong foundation within the society . 
  also it 's a chance for young people to get out of their comfort zone/bubble and get some real life experience be it in military or civilian service . 
  somewhat related how is the situation for the european squirrel in the uk ? 
  any left or is it full of fugly grey ones ? 
  2 months ago i read that hamburg is getting the first gated community . 
  so we are getting there . 
  half a year minimum . 
  hard but that is so stupid they deserve no better, 
  christmas market in l\u00fcbeck is going to be insane . 
  ok peasants . 
  stop downvoting because you disagree with an opinion or argument you imbeciles . 
  fuck this shit if you want to be retarded go to the default subs, 
  that 's the problem . 
  650 people willing to leave everything behind and go on a journey with a high chance that it is going to be their last . 
  how many people might be considering doing that ? 
  and how many more people agree with isis ? 
  oh boy here we go again ... 
  german angst ^ ^ ^ ^ tm, 
  not currently but he also said  even killed way more people over the last years . 
  and over the last years the us definitely killed more people than russia . 
  not even close . 
  and even if some of them were killed by militants they would n't have been killed if it were n't for a war the us started . 
   do people honestly believe saddam could have contained the boiling sectarian tensions in iraq forever ? 
  so you 're implying that all the casualties would 've happened sooner or later anyways so the us is n't to blame ? 
  oh please ... but that should n't be used as a excuse for russia . 
  totally different situations and reasoning and intentions behind it, 
  irrelevant yes but how is it not correct ? 
  are n't jews white ? 
  i mean if it were n't for that magnificient tan they get in israel, 
  could but never would . 
  bad investment, 
  mostly germans . 
  doesnt really count, 
  for our lifetimes and the forseeable future i do n't see anyone contesting american relevance . 
  i only see it increasing ( at least in comparison to europe ), 
  dude the us already won anyways . 
  it 's about who gets second and third place, 
  bravos foto lovestory lied to me !!, 
  back in school that would have gotten me an annotation for bad style . 
   pay for themselves and some of the rest . 
  haha good one, 
  i 'm glad our buffer is in good shape . 
  defend us until the last pole , 
  that 's surprising . 
  they usually do n't care when you come as a mixed group . 
  it sucks but i can understand the club owners on this . 
  in my youth we had to go to that club that was more flexible in regards to the age of their customers ( back when i was 14-17 ) and that club had lots of turks and it almost always ended up with trouble for us ( it did n't escalate everytime but lots of macho culture and alpha nonsense ) . 
  now fast forward a few years later a new big club opened up and was rather strict on who gets in . 
  especially in terms of dress code . 
  one turkish ( or german-turk to be precise ) guy didnt accept that and came back with his mates and they took one of barriers and hit the bouncer on the head . 
  that bouncer died that night and ever since they 're even more strict . 
  also do n't forget the liability . 
  better safe than sorry when you 're the club owner . 
  the nightclub thing is not gon na happen anytime soon . 
  they would lose a big part of their regulars immediately . 
  also turks mostly come in male groups so they are not really good for the ratio ( speaking only from a few weeks of experience here when i worked at one ten years ago ), 
  i could do all that stuff before schengen . 
  and mind you if i wait on some border or wait on 6 toll stations by just passing through france or italy isnt any better ... 
  because you 're southern german, 
  germany favourite : denmark least favourite : poland because they 're always complaining and bitching, 
  meh does n't fit with my perception . 
  i 've only met one german turkish couple in almost 30 years that just shows that there is a divide . 
  and i do n't think you can blame it completely on the failed integration policy . 
  you make it sound as if we started integration courses just a decade ago but even though germany made mistakes in the beginning i do n't think you can use recently here . 
  is n't the zentralrat der muslime deeply connected to the turkish government ? 
  with a linked post to a comment from mightierthanthou hating on yuropoors and canadian leeches, 
  i want a gf that looks at me like putin looks at medvedev, 
  you should n't get downvoted for saying that . 
  although it 'd be a pretty terrible timing for germany to piss of turkey right now . 
  but i agree it should have been done years ago . 
  good that it happened now but it would have been better if it would n't have taken so long, 
  we do n't, 
  not a donnie , still hope that bitch trips, 
  meh , some gyms mainly attract brown/urban people . 
  wouldnt join those myself, 
   usually against houses with sleeping people inside . 
  source for that mate . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're way off and that most cases of arson happened to buildings that were under construction or without any people in it . 
  edit : i think your source even says otherwise . 
  921 attacks and 152 of those people were harmed or killed .
