  since when is britains manufacturing sector half the size of germany ? 
  is n't it more like 2/3 ? 
  i add meth because i just finished the recent episodes of breaking bad . 
  too soon . 
  do you believe greece will ever be abe to pay their loans back ? 
  finland as well as the other lenders will have to write-off a large part of it in the near future . 
  what they gain until then with the interest rate wo n't make up for it, 
  maybe and as the article also mentions they are culturally just more interested in education . 
  good for you turkey . 
  does n't surprise me . 
  when i studied there were many turkish women but not a single turkish guy . 
  i doubt she will get a harsh sentence or that turkish medias will be satisfied at the end . 
  as far as i know the prosecutors are going to have problems proving that she was heavily involved in the terror and killings . 
  . . in svalbard . 
  ireland ? 
  are n't pinetrees everywhere above a certain height where other trees do n't grow anymore . 
  there is a polandball about it as well . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aufkl%c3%a4rung#germany maybe that helps, 
  i do n't know if there is an english term for it but in german i 'd go with `` die aufkl\u00e4rung '', 
  i 've only seen it on cheap honey, 
  what 's wrong with dr. oetker ? 
  culinaria and tradizionale are awesome . 
  i had worse pizza in restaurants, 
  in germany honey is sometimes labelled as `` mischung von honig aus eg-l\u00e4ndern und nicht-eg-l\u00e4ndern '' which seems to imply that it comes from somewhere on the globe and most likely china . 
  was n't it because england wanted to support people in avoiding german products ? 
  the german milupa factory had to increase their output because in some areas in germany there was a shortage of baby milk due to the high demand in china . 
  first 2 pics look uncomfortably cold . 
  yuo never let us finish !, 
  how is the herring season this year ? 
  we have n't had much of them entering the rivers in northern germany due to our harsh winter : /, 
  a rich german who is also widely known going to prison ? 
  no way that 's going to happen . 
  sounds like football afterall, 
  sure it does . 
  at least the christian hospitals in germany are doing it . 
  why are n't they pulling the plug ? 
  he is brainddead anyway and i doubt he would want to be a vegetable for eternity . 
  kiel and neum\u00fcnster were once beautiful cities . 
  nowadays you could bomb them again and they 'd probably be better to look at . 
  how many of those 21 % are austrians or germans though ? 
  they do n't need much to integrate, 
  thank god we catched that name first . 
  [ uh oh ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/1cxj10/german_history_since_1945_album_repost/c9l2jq0 ), 
  so at least one thing is working in berlin . 
  good news . 
  germany accepted the euro so they could gain mitterands approval for a reunification of germany . 
  to be fair its the same everywhere else, 
  he could n't make more mistakes in one simple sentence . 
  why you gave up on l\u00fcbeck ? 
  there are several countries against eurobonds . 
  austria , netherlands , finland amongst others . 
  and what would change in the troubled countries when eurobonds become reality . 
  nothing as there is no incentive for them to better themselves . 
  without a united fiscal policy it 's idiotic to introduce them and even then it should be the countries that are at risk of losing billions who define the rules . 
  i hope it was more than a 4 hour trip to the regional citti-park , 
  i think your first point is n't correct . 
  someone else on / r/europe mentioned why a week ago or so . 
  free school lunches have n't been common in germany up until 3 years ago ( many school still do n't offer that ) . 
  when i was in school i brought my own food to school . 
  it 's nice when schools offer meals but it 's not dramatic if they do n't, 
   one who checks you and one with a freaking machine gun , thanks to the raf who gunned down a couple of police men in their day . 
  what ? 
  whenever i get stopped they have to help me find all the equipment that i have to have in my car ( i usually forget where all the stuff is ) . 
  you better start photographing so you 're prepared for your first exhibition, 
  i think it 's great that there is at least one opinion in this regard coming from a turkish point of view . 
  it saddens me that you 've been downvoted so heavily even though you made your points clear . 
  i might not agree with them but it 's great that you are trying to change my perspective in that regard . 
  and hey ... you could be living in k\u00f6ln-porz . 
  k\u00f6ln-kalk is getting better every year and is pretty neat in some areas anyways . 
  a bit offtopic but if sahra wagenknecht would be in the spd they 'd still have my vote . 
  you wo n't get that anytime in the near future . 
  even if spd comes to power they would n't be to focused on that matter as they know that 'll cost them a lot votes ( mine included ), 
  i do n't see the big difference between living in northern germany or most parts of england . 
  but for some sort of change i 'd rather live in england . 
  as long as i do n't have to pretend to like everyone around me i 'd be fine with it . 
  at least for 1-2 years . 
  citywise it 's london    munich  cologne  hamburg  berlin, 
  no they do n't . 
  maybe compared to mogadischu, 
  when the winter sport season ends you really have nothing left to talk about . 
  lucky you . 
  everything south of the kiel canal is southern germany anyways, 
  what about this ? 
   sheer adventure and grandiosity it ca n't be beaten . 
  douglas adams at least comes close to that . 
  you remember the harpyies in the movies ? 
  the first pair of tits i had seen in my life which i can remember . 
  faust or nathan the wise . 
  if i had started to write a page of faust by myself back when i first read it i 'd still be on page 1 today . 
  and so many great quotes in that book . 
  vodka was involved for sure . 
  politics was fun back then . 
  you should n't be to proud about bavaria when you want to run for chancellor . 
  but it 'll be boring for his kids . 
  somewhere nowhere with merkel and her husband the professor ... bring your gameboy, 
  to be fair there is not much as exciting as biathlon . 
  on the other hand norway is the reason why it became boring in the last season . 
  [ we do it the german way ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yyply9k.gif ), 
  what is wrong with sanctions ? 
  just like tax evasions they 're not illegal .
