  now the amount of asylum applicants exploded and the countries mostly responsible for it do less than us others . 
  uk could do more . 
  i mean they supported iraq and afghanistan so it 's their responsibility to take especially care of the aftermath . 
  and the colouring of this map confuses more than it helps . 
  we would defend with our bureaucracy that is only matched by the vogons ( we do n't suck at poetry though ), 
  then i suggest opera or firefox . 
  though i do n't know how trustworthy firefox is . 
  it 's not that bad anymore . 
   matt johnson , 25 , a musician from london , and his girlfriend use handouts to boost their income in berlin . 
  `` it sounds wrong to get on the dole for that reason but our generation has had it much worse than that of our parents , '' mr johnson said . 
  what a cunt, 
  everyone is ... and she just keeps on being the hide and seek champion for how many years now ? 
   according to a new survey , half of danes are against having a muslim son - or daughter-in-law . 
  just half ? 
  i only know 2 persons who would n't have a problem with that . 
  and they 're muslims . 
  i 'd have issues with that as well . 
  he also talks about it here : https://gnunet.org/tor2013tum-video you 're correct though . 
  he is n't planning on returning in the near future and is currently living in berlin, 
  link please edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdlkje1iydq his reddit username is / u/ioerror and his story about him being caught up at an us airport is interesting :  i have family in canada and as a result , i often travel from toronto to the us . 
  there were two flights in question that happened quite close together and my experience might help you to understand how it would could go down for you . 
  i have a lot of stories like this from the last few years and while i try to find humor in these stories , i really really do n't find it funny ; most of the seemingly positive angle that comes out in my retelling is a coping strategy . 
    when traveling from toronto to seattle , i was detained for a long time . 
  i handed over my passport , the little yellow light went on over the customs agent booth , the agent escorted me to the secondary holding/screening area . 
  there was a long wait , a search and then a transfer to the third area . 
  i think in the third holding area waiting room , i missed my flight . 
  then i was taken into the holding cell , questioned and searched again . 
  eventually i was let into the bag check area past us customs and technically in the area they consider to basically be us soil . 
  however , i had missed my flight and i could n't get a direct flight to seattle for the rest of the day . 
  as a result , the customs agent who knew i missed my flight let me know that i was now required to reenter canada . 
  the air canada agent rebooked me to seattle through vancouver . 
    i re-entered canada and the canadian custom agent was slightly confused . 
  they accepted my story of `` missed my flight , no more flights , mumble muble cbp argh '' without too much fanfare . 
  i flew across canada , rented a car ( at my own expense ) and drove to the border . 
  the border pulled me over as expected , took me inside , ripped my rental car apart , questioned me and so on . 
  they were `` nice '' as they let me use a restroom within the first half hour of my detainment . 
  it was probably less than an hour or so in total ; i have better times in my notes but they 're not with me . 
    the next time i was flying from canada to seattle , i showed up five hour early to my flight because i knew the us cbp agents were going to give me an extra hard time . 
  at this point , i knew some of them by name and all of them knew me on sight . 
  i decided to try to answer your question out of sheer exhaustion and hoping that it would provide a more expedient process . 
  i had often wondered if total silence after a certain point would be faster or slower for re-entry . 
    i approached the cbp counter , handed over my passport with a friendly greeting and was detained as usual . 
  the little yellow light went on over the customs agent booth , the agent escorted me to the secondary holding/screening area . 
  there was a long wait , a search and then a transfer to the third area . 
  then i was taken into the holding cell , questioned and searched . 
  after the point of the yellow light turning on and being escorted into secondary screening , i stayed silent . 
  i did n't say a single word for the next hour or so . 
  agents came out to taunt me into talking - `` was the last re-entry hard for you ? '', 
  and so on . 
  i never said a single word but i followed every instruction - handing my bags over when required , handing over documents and so on . 
  eventually the supervisor was called over and i just slid an aclu lawyer 's card across the table with a nod and a smile . 
  the sheer frustration of refusing to acknowledge their existence was hard for them . 
  they were basically begging me to care about them in the slightest bit . 
  i did n't play along . 
    i made my flight and the time of detainment was effectively the same . 
  their dickheaded behavior was effectively constant with elevated points . 
  my morale was absolutely improved on the second time detainment . 
    after that point i decided to try to use humor explicitly - so i packed some canned snakes into my checked luggage , stuffed glitter into clothing , wore party hats and other things . 
  i use them in defense of liberty at check points and only after the automatic-database surveillance state decided to hold me . 
  it is important to be polite but it is also important to resist and to refuse to let one 's spirit be crushed . 
  makes it easier to understand why he is n't planning on returning to the us in the near future, 
   very close relationship germany and france want to develop . 
  want to ? 
  it already is pretty close . 
  with a shared tv channel and being each others biggest trading partners it 's pretty useful for both sides to know each others language . 
  yes ... they are not ** that ** friendly, 
   a bacon delivery truck accidentaly spilled half a ton of bacon over a man . 
  he was hospitalized , but survived . 
  somewhere in that story is a shitton of karma from a default subreddit, 
  that 's an easy one . 
  dam the strait of gibraltar !, 
  no water = no drowning, 
   ( minus uk ) and sweden, 
  k\u00f6lsch is awesome !, 
  and the cute glasses it 's served in are just as fabulous as k\u00f6ln, 
  the peace price was full of shit way before it was handed to obama . 
  sorry norway but you 've only got one nobel price to take care off and you constantly fuck it up . 
  let sweden handle that one as well it can only get better . 
  flair up russian european, 
  there are more sorts of bread than just pumpernickel . 
  but pumpernickel is pretty awesome on his own as well, 
  sauerkraut is no shit . 
  it 's delicious . 
  it 's the second thing i miss when i 'm abroad ( after bread ), 
  lets just say it 's limited to the police in north rhine westphalia . 
  people there are a bit ... different . 
  and a volleyball named wilson ii . 
   what do you like about ... austria ? 
  ...  fritzl & kampusch i do n't like them . 
  yes kampusch suffered a lot in her life . 
  i still ca n't stand her as a person from all i gathered about her . 
  i know that the asian black market in prague is a weird place . 
  i was constantly worried that i 'd be pushed behind the counter by some 1.40 m asian women who drugs me and steals my kidney . 
  even though most stuff is n't that good in terms of quality i still have a fake armani belt from there which is doing its job . 
  also prague is one of the best cities europe has to offer no matter what you like to do in a big city . 
  and their kfc made 3 of 4 of us sick for a day . 
  i thaught the english queue attitude forbids that ? 
  how is that racist ? 
  considering the feedback on / r/europe during the last eurovision it 's safe to assume that about 50 % -70 % of the regular posters watch it with a passion like the swedes . 
  i for one love it .
