  that 's really a different caliber to vietnamese . 
  that 's integration on ultra difficulty hardcore mode . 
  good luck though, 
  taking in some iraqian refugees would be a good start . 
  if there was enough money to be part in that disaster there is enough to help more than a couple of dozens of real refugees instead of excusing yourself by taking in some ukrainians . 
  and i 'm not saying that because i demand that other countries take in more , this is specifically because poland is responsible for some refugees in this world . 
  it should n't be any of her business on how many refugees other countries take . 
  she could ask nicely for other countries to help refugees in need and that 's it, 
  poland joined the us into iraq . 
  therefore you do have some responsibility towards that fuckup . 
  even if no pole here would accept that . 
  classic merkel ... 2 weeks ago our government finally found their scapegoat for the refugee crisis . 
  just blame the other european countries for us not being able to handle the refugee crisis !, 
  so predictable and retarded, 
  i wish they 'd livestream the opening and inspectation of the train . 
   send back there soon after . 
  haha as if, 
  however it 'll turn out it 'll be interesting to witness . 
  for the better or worse germany will drastically change within the next decade . 
  duldung is basically citizenship . 
  it makes the incompetence of the immigration office/procedures less obvious, 
  you let your cats outside ? 
   most ( or even all ?! ), 
  of these attacks in germany happen in areas that shit happens all over germany . 
  l\u00fcbeck , hamburg , ba-w\u00fc , bavaria just about everywhere, 
  he never even said that they were . 
  but everytime someone has to mention that americans werent that relevant even without anyone claiming they were . 
  it becomes equally annoying, 
  as long as schengen is open towards countries east of germany , austria and italy they 'll come back, 
  even if that ever happens it 'd get bought up by the big companies before they even really take off . 
  do n't be such a stereotypical pole . 
  our former colonies are n't in such a bad shape that they have tons of refugees . 
  and as fluchtpunkt already mentioned it was poland that joined team america to fight in iraq . 
  i doubt they were asking for war either, 
  how is he being racist ? 
  depends on who you ask . 
  i live right next to the former border between schleswig-holstein and mecklenburg-vorpommern and the people are just the same . 
  ok more reckless drivers in meck-pomm . 
  i 'd really like to know which of the mods went on a rampage there . 
  kind of entertaining how badly this has been handled, 
  same in germany . 
  east of us begins eastern europe and i doubt that 'll change within the next 2 decades, 
  i 'm so disappointed in you op, 
  i 'd buy it with that title . 
  so many questions that need to be answered, 
   bertelsmann is the biggest media company in europe and that makes them a legit news source ? 
  and deleted ... fascists mods strike again, 
  if they hit the airport ber it might be rebuild in time, 
  when the people of luebeck were building the [ st. mary 's church ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st._mary%27s_church,_l%c3%bcbeck ) the devil came along and asked what they were building there . 
  they said `` a giant tavern '' so he would n't get mad . 
  the devil was pleased about another place full of pleasures and drinking so he helped them build it to speed it all up . 
  when the church was almost finished he realised that they tricked him and he took a giant stone and was about to destroy the church when the people appeased him by building a tavern right next to the church called `` ratskeller von l\u00fcbeck '' which is still there . 
   but i think polish politicians would have the best chance of being heard on that matter . 
  why ? 
  nobody really cares about polands opinion on that matter, 
  you are a special kind of dumb . 
  all of our western , southern and northern neighbours depending on who is close by to where you live in germany . 
  i do n't think there is any special connection towards our eastern neighbours though . 
  it 's not like anything is at stake at all ... 
  hamburg is shit but not as bad as berlin . 
  frankfurt is a shithole and munich is alright, 
  as if they ever were part of the society . 
  they should have all died down there instead of having second thaughts and crouching back, 
  who would want these people back . 
  just another waste of money trying to reintegrate complete failures back into society which doesnt work anyway . 
  fair enough i forgot two of those and it 's been about a decade since i 've been to any of them . 
  it was more aimed toward all these scammuseums like the sex and the torture museums which are basically just one room with 4 items and a few pictures . 
  if you 're not a stoner it 's a city with shitty attractions , no really cool buildings or architecture ( lots of good looking buildings just nothing that takes your breath ) , full of annoying stoners and tourists who wants to get completely wasted , the museums are shit and every other store is selling shit for tourists . 
  and the suburbs are sooooo boring and `` spie\u00dfig '', 
  is n't it the other way around . 
  the cdu has become to left wing so nobody bothers voting for the spd since their politicians are all spineless morons ( even more so than in the cdu ), 
  he is not the only one, 
  what 's your favourite cleganebowl montage ? 
  dany - yay or nay ? 
  what 's your opinion on the last season ? 
  how shitty was it for you on a scale from 1 ( not so good ) to 10 ( absolutely shit ), 
  it 's denbts !, 
  and it was funnier with the john travolta with gun picture, 
  after a certain time of toleration you ca n't deport them anymore, 
   btw : not all of the refugees are uneducated . 
  there are quite some engineers and doctors among them . 
  give me numbers on that . 
  of course there will be a few engineer and doctors amongst thousands and thousands of refugees . 
  quite some means you must have some insight on the number, 
   because if you do n't know where you 're from , you do n't know where you are . 
  and if you do n't know where you are , you do n't know where you 're going . 
  do n't take it personally but this is the dumbest quote i 've read in a while . 
  it 's supposed to sound so eloquent , deep and full of wisdom but it 's just hollow nonsense, 
  immigrants have been a fundamental part of them since the early 90s . 
  bavaria ... of course ^ ^ * cough *, 
  you have the wrong flair, 
  mr. fox was good and why the fuck was that guy making a photo of the guys back ? 
  ah yes . 
  i confused them . 
  been way to long since i read life and times of scrooge mcduck . 
  one of my favourites, 
  offtopic but that cartoon looks like it 's been drawn by ~ ~ carl barks ~ ~ don rosa, 
  partly because the border area is n't as safe as it used to be . 
  just a few years ago everyone was leaving their doors open at almost all times but recently there has been lots of thievery even in the middle of nowhere . 
  good for danmark , sadly my family is a few kilometres south of the border,
