  we 're not really that different to sweden in that regard . 
  i do n't even understand why we are still in the nato . 
  seems like a waste of money and we 're not even commiting what our partners expect us to commit, 
  that cunt was flying over afghanistan where german forces were intercepting everything as part of their stupid mission . 
  dude which article is it . 
  i could n't find that quote anywhere with ctrl-f . edit : i read about half of these and there is nothing that indicates mass surveillance on foreign citizens done by the bnd . 
  that pdf mentions allegations but that 's all . 
  could n't find your quote anywhere either . 
  that 's a nice list and all but how are germans foreign citizens for the bnd ? 
  something interesting about them is that they still support almost all of their products . 
  some russian trawler even got spare parts for their machine build in the 50 's, 
  worked for them couple of years ago . 
  great company with really close ties to norway ( chef is also german consul to norway or something ) which is not surprising when norwegians are their best customers by a margin . 
  really good work climate . 
  hope you 're happy with their products . 
  do you work with machinery from baader ( for cutting the salmon and stuff ) ? 
  since when is germany friends with turkey ? 
  i mean not like we were ever friends with the us ( partners at best ), 
  why ? 
  spying on citizens on a massive scale is the problem . 
  germany has n't done so on turkish citizens unlike what the us does on german citizens . 
  annies kiosk to expensive, 
  the relationship ( at least on the internet ) . 
  it 's european flaming americans and americans flaming europeans, 
  so you really believe that norwegian women are hotter than other places ? 
  you 'd be branded hipster and ridiculed for it, 
  i think pretty women is a kinda universal attribute towards a country these days ... truth is that like everywhere else there are hot , ugly and average ones . 
  pay denbts or else ... [ insert john travolta with gun ], 
  everything they think to know about germany is at least 30 % wrong . 
  depending on the subject it often is way more . 
  and in the last 2 years the gap between american and european redditors has been increasing , especially in 2014 ( or more the tone is harsher ), 
  i 'd say iranians and tunesians are the least troublesome muslim immigrants in germany, 
  it 's sad that the best argument always seems to be the food . 
  as if d\u00f6ner is worth the trouble we have with turkish-german, 
  winter is coming !!!, 
  and yet they still have n't figured out biathlon . . 
  i 'm still considering smuggling butter and booze to norway as a career option, 
  please with some new and interesting questions, 
  favourites : danmark by a huge margin . 
  is best country ( especially the south ) . 
  worst : switzerland because they 're often being dicks towards us germans ( their government , the police and lots of swiss folks ), 
   did you have a muslim gf ? 
  as if that happens . 
  at first it was annoying but at some point it grew on me . 
  and i think he had more pictures that just the one with the scene with john travolta . 
  and it was hilarious when he faced that greek guy ( apparently neutrolgreek or whoever ) who pulled out his story with the fantastillions of $ $ $ in the greek sea and how rich greece is going to be and how evil germany is . 
  good times were had !, 
  neutrolgreek is a completely fine redditor by now . 
  ramblinrambo is an idiot though . 
  kinda related but does anyone here have the old pics from the rather funny trolls from about 1-2 years ago ? 
  `` pay denbts or else '' for example . 
  or a link to when the 2 famous trolls back then faced each other ? 
  one was a finnish guy and the other was greek ( and i think there was a crazy portuguese guy too ), 
  mozart was bavarian !, 
  kinda sad that you had so many better options and decided for god save the queen . 
  / r/germany, 
   the country subreddits manage this balance just fine reallly ? 
  i think the german subreddit is basically students askings shit about living/working/studying in germany . 
  if you 're german it 's really boring . 
  edit : and questions regarding citizenship, 
  polandball comments are n't that entertaining anymore . 
  it 's full of serious shit you expect to see in / r/worldnews, 
  maybe / r/european is n't that useless afterall . 
  sounds exhausting ... us schleswig-holsteiner becoming danish seems much easier . 
  and we are the true nordics anyway, 
  that 's the austrian speaking . 
  as if she 's to blame for what happened, 
  northern germany would be poor . 
  i only take that deal when denmarks takes us but not hamburg . 
  no that was more tongue in cheek, 
  i just thaught they would be interested in it . 
  though if anyone but us can get it i 'd hope poland takes it . 
  you had some practice with danzig afterall, 
  yes i know that but let me dream man !, 
  if there ever comes the chance i hope germany takes it back and it does n't fall to poland . 
  modern german architecture is n't great to look at either :(, 
  that women who invented currywurst was born there, 
   netherlands and have always got along with dutch people i have spoken to . 
  impossible . 
  they are even more direct than germans even when they 're wrong about something . 
  sometimes that makes me furious, 
  disappointed that the us was ahead of us in 2013, 
   still annoys me that the strongest party are the christian democrats ... thanks bavaria wat ? 
  what has bavaria to do with cdu voters and why do you think that the christian in the cdu is a problem ? 
  it 's not like they focus or even care about christian values anyway . 
  would have been a better party if they did in some aspects for a change, 
  so you 're not mad at podolski and klose but rather at the polish fan indentifying with them as their countrymen despite the fact that they would have never gotten that good with the polish football academies ? 
  if netherlands advances to the final in 2018 and loses i 'm actually worried about their mental stability . 
  they 're the sisyphus of football . 
  why exactly ? 
  both emigrated to germany when they were little kids and it 's not like they would have a shot at any important titles playing for poland when the german team had all their mates from the bundesliga and an opportunity for every title . 
  i doubt norway builds these . 
  i have no problem with that since i have the same chance to study within the eu . 
  but the same does n't apply for someone with dual citizenship from a country within the eu and some other country . 
  he can emigrate if he is qualified as a dual citizen he can emigrate regardless . 
  and is n't there a contingent for foreigners at the university/fh ? 
  i think there was one 5 years ago . 
  i do n't see why i should support someone from a non-eu country studying for free in germany hoping he might stay here and pay taxes afterwards . 
  depends on the 2 countries . 
  let 's say you 're american-german you could study here for free only to leave asap when you 're done .
