  thanks but no thanks . 
  id rather stick with russia than that . 
  what a depressing read, 
  and why is the us part of that ? 
  i hate that . 
  being a citizen comes with rights and duties and should not be the easiest way to reap the best benefits from two countries . 
  i do n't want some half americans / half germans who just come here to study for free and then leave . 
  just like this dude http://www.reddit.com/r/germany/comments/1rmajt/does_anyone_know_anything_about_studying_with_a/ i do n't mind dual citizenships for people from within the eu but not any further . 
  i do n't envy you that you get companies such as amazon who do n't pay substantial amounts in taxes nor do they give a fuck about their workers . 
  south dakota on the other hand ... has anyone ever been there to begin with ? 
  hawaii , alaska and maine are easy ones too . 
  that 's middle america ( easy way out ), 
  i read that salmons from salmon farms are almost completely vegetarian thanks to a protein from a plant that can be processed by them . 
  wouldnt be that bad then, 
  have some sympathy . 
  must have been tough for this guy when he had to face that his career at football is over before it began . 
  for all we know he was just looking for purpose . 
  a shame that he went this path though . . 
  we have the three wise men !, 
  you cant be holier than us !, 
  i think it 's the same in most countries . 
  i 'm trying to vote for the lesser evil and hate to think about that these people think that i like what they do when i despise them just a little less than the rest of the gang . 
  i can relate with every nonvoter . 
   properly masculine he 's rather short though . 
  not that intimidating imo . 
  i do n't think they care if it gets mentioned in / r/europe . 
  for one reason / r/europe subscribers are mostly subscribed to polandball as well and another reason is that the influence of the anglosphere is polandballs big problem . 
  it needs to have diverse members so more europeans on that subreddit are good for them . 
  they do n't need more americans or canadians . 
  sch\u00e4chtelchen is a verniedlichung and that 's only used by our softies in the south !, 
  if you 're not at your own place i think it 's rude not to sit down, 
   they like vacations in schweden . 
  every second car has an elk on their car . 
  and in said car is a jack wolfskin jacket not ready for being used outdoors . 
  all of their games except for far cry disappointed me . 
  i think they just have n't found their brand yet and are sticking to crysis for now even though it sucks storywise ( and gameplaywise it 's not that good either ), 
   in general , when i think of a german video game , i think of a buggy and nearly-unplayable mess that needs a thousand patches . 
  the only ones who are n't full of bugs are anno and crytek ( or crysis ) games . 
  though some were pretty good anyway like gothic 2 and wiggles . 
  in general they do suck though . 
  to ambitious and when the realise it it 's too late and they just release some beta shit . 
   bigger and less fun version of austria it 's true . 
  you can do tons of outdoor sports in austria and in germany most of us are quite limited in this regard . 
  at least we have beaches . 
  do n't sound so nethercant !, 
  i like how there are lots of segways to emphasise on how advanced they are, 
  some new ads we do n't want to miss out . 
  seriously as soon as there is a decent alternative with good support for tablets and mobiles and the like i switch along with my hole family and friends . 
  shit needs so many resources . 
  they 'll kidnap some dutch dike engineer and gain land in notime !, 
  just wait until they have their 200miles seaborder !, 
  some old once important guy from the danish minority in schleswig-holstein ( northern germany ) just said that he thinks that with the higher fertility rate from the danish minority they could get enough votes for a democratic annexation of some parts of northern germany ( including schleswig ( !! ) ), 
  at some point in the future . 
  apparently the danes laughed about it even more than us germans . 
  and the ssw was disregarding him on that matter . 
  oh you danes and schleswig ... who cares about schleswig when there is husum !, 
  now 's the chance . 
  skype has become such a bad program . 
  with every update it gets worse and worse . 
  we 're stucked with the us because the alternatives are n't any better . 
  what a depressing read, 
  just for the sake of it show me a source about german espionage and i 'll try to disprove it . 
  most of them are just so silly and stupid . 
  somewhere so far off that wolves are their new neighbours . 
  i think the nyt has been using a krugman generator for the last year . 
  it generates the same article with different words and in different order once a week . 
   standing extradition treaty i do n't understand why that would be such a big deal . 
  it 's less important that our privacy that 's for sure . 
  i 'd love it if my country at least gives the us a big fuck you in some way . 
  but that 's not going to happen : /, 
  if this ends with even more debts for berlin we ca n't blame bavaria when they try to stop the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich once more . 
  it 's alright . 
  everyone still calls them negerkuss anyway . 
  he weights at least 450 k\u00f6ttbullas . 
  good catch . 
  today they took our maymays tomorrow . . 
  i had a good time . 
  it 's still not perfect in every way . 
  i blame the jafas , 
  for me it 's the heat . 
  no real seasons across the year and just too hot . 
  i 'd feel trapped by air conditioners, 
  not that great imo . 
  lived there for about a year . 
  the north island sucks . 
  people are obsessed with money and the food is n't all that good ( except for the seafood ) . 
  nature there is n't that good either . 
  the southern island on the other hand is awesome in almost every way, 
  i do n't care what you americans say but milk with less than 3,5 % fat is n't milk and should n't be produced anyway, 
  then whats the fucking point of your question when you apparently know that the only acceptable answer is english anyway ? 
  even though their design is awesome they arent that good . 
  its not like they have such an advantage when it comes to the power source . 
  its basically just a big notebook akku . 
  i hope that danmark gety an roi at sone point . 
  greenland seems to be a lovely country but they dont appear to be grateful to denmark even though they helped them massively . 
  really ? 
  we took 17 k for 80 mio . 
  and uk took 7k for 60 mio.or am i missing something, 
  how so ? 
  both wars were stupid to begin with .
