  it was just 2 decades ahead of its time, 
  is this also going to be the official trashtalk thread ? 
  ( i 'm just asking before i drunkenly write in all caps insulting scandiavians left and right ), 
  i would totally understand it if they enforce the 2 % rule . 
  i do n't like that we do n't do our part of the agreement but not because i want to spend more on military but rather because we should vouch for an agreement we took part in . 
  but if they enforce it i 'd at least want a referendum on that . 
  scandinavian countries are as exotic as sauerkraut for germans . 
  i would n't be surprised if the average middle class left voting german with 2 kids has travelled sweden more extensively than the common swede . 
  some of their designs were the best . 
   not a classic disputable, 
  i never got that . 
  they are just as boring as our german krimis but unlike them the setting is some fisher village in the middle of nowhere, 
  blocked in germany ( yes i know about the addons and they always stop working with the next update ), 
  ahh come on ... credit where credit is due . 
  russian anthems are awesome to listen to . 
  more anglosphere only means more trouble . 
   the german speakers give each other points what ? 
  never more than 5 if any at all . 
  he 's like : i 'm getting killed ... lol !, 
  i thaught it 's finlands turn . 
  i 'm still butthurt about scaninavian countries giving points to each other !, 
  you ruin it for everyone else !, 
  but i 'm interested in the amount of pity points ukraine gets from countries like poland . 
  anyone knows the specifics of the other global positioning systems to make the infos from the video comparable ? 
  no offence but demanding a source for that seems kinda pointless . 
  do you expect him to post some official russian government accounting file with an interactive map how far they can push west before they run out of money and resources ? 
  it 's kind of obvious that bobdole posts his opinion on that matter because people with a clear answer to that that are few and would n't post here anyway . 
  honestly i do n't like how so many catowners have no idea what harm their cat is doing to their proximity . 
  no agenda to see here ... noooooooo, 
  not really many viewers which is a shame considering the high quality content they provide, 
  german standards in this regard have been lowered during the last decade . 
  i do n't expect anything else from our politicians than lobbying as soon as they leave their office . 
  i do n't hold it against russia that they use it as a political tool , every country would do the same in their position , especially when there is not much left for them to get an advantage . 
  in this case it was highly beneficial for both germany as well as russia . 
  it was really bad for ukraine and not that great for poland and czechia but nordstream profited germany immensely . 
  ukraine was unstable and unreliable while russia always satisfied their contracts with german partners . 
  and our energy companies would have pressured building that pipeline no matter who the current cancellor was and furthermore that project was supported by the eu in the beginning too . 
  personally i have a problem that he took that job so quickly after he left office . 
  i would n't have a problem with his job if he 'd waited for a bit longer . 
  now this has a `` geschm\u00e4ckle '' . 
  when i think of swedes i think of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgqvjsaxbj4 ), 
  i 'd do anything to let them have it back . 
  i want their wages and happiness !!, 
  i know where you live if your ancestors where french for a while, 
  i do n't think it 's a touchy subject . 
  if i ask them where they or their parents are from and they feel offended it 's their problem that they 're so easily offended . 
  i mean it does n't imply that i think that they 're not german and neither does it mean that i feel superior to them . 
  japanese tourists are the best asian tourists though ( along with koreans ) . 
  they are always so interested in everything and want to experience it all . 
  unlike chinese tourists who are living on the edge if they use the toilet on the autobahn . 
  they often only eat at local chinese restaurants and experience europe on a 2 week bus trip and the vacation is rated by the amount of pictures they can upload to renren . 
  i mean they are nice people too but i do n't think they know what vacations are really all about yet . 
  ok now i want that bird, 
  tbh i was just guessing . 
  i do n't know much about birds, 
  if you ever get across a job for the summer months or something give me a hint . 
  fishing must be great fun there all year long . 
  and all that outdoorstuff you can do, 
  beneath the lane, 
  clearly german tourists . 
  nobody else rocks sandals with socks as much as we do . 
  are you that tromso guy ? 
  you lucky lucky bastard ... 
  looks like a swamp, 
  how so ? 
  that bird does n't live here . 
  jeez ... !, 
  than take the potato out of your mouth, 
  french . 
  and the best possible combination is a french speaking german . 
  it 's my siren call . 
  that 's where i want my intelligence agency to be active . 
  gather information about these kind of guys and as soon as they come back ( hopefully never ) charge them for what they did . 
  the ones from the political parties have never been worse . 
  they 're not even trying . 
  cdu as well as spd just put some young kids in a blanket with a shitty text about the future . 
  it makes you realise that nobody has a clue about the eu . 
  is poland not able to do anything by themselves ? 
  more alps ... ; _ ;, 
  was n't it the other way around ? 
  we use thumb plus 2 fingers and us people use 3 finger without thumb, 
  danish hotdogs . 
  for me they 're the official hotdogs and not these inferior sausages on a stick . 
   doner kebab we still claim it ( at least the modern version ), 
  but it 's a middle class environment which votes center-left so it 's the most common environment you can find in germany . 
  i 'd have thaught its higher . 
  most people i know views them unfavourably . 
  blaming the old people for all problems ... classic reddit, 
   presidents are being sworn on on the bible , pretty much have to declare their religion , it 's one nation under god that 's like complaining about the cdu having the word christian in its name . 
  it 's a relict from older times and does n't hold much value by this point . 
  and usually it aims for christian values where i do n't have a problem with anyway . 
  what am i looking here at ? 
  i still do n't get it : /, 
  i do n't understand why refugees have a say in this . 
  they should be assigned to a eu country that has places left and is n't to hostile towards refugees . 
  and refugees that come without a passport should be denied asylum anyway . 
  that sounds as if you 're saying germans have a secret need for a f\u00fchrer . 
  regardless i disagree with that sentiment . 
  i rather think a big part of the germans stopped agreeing with the west or the east in any way ever since iraq war and therefore no matter the situation germans will always be critical towards both sides . 
  at least it seemed to me as if we 're just fine having no strong opnion one way or the other .
