  i feel the urge to point out that i understood it as well . 
  with or without christiania ? 
  i do n't understand why gay men refer to germany as dungeon . 
  i like that northern germany is part of northern europe . 
  ah berlin undermines his reputation of poor and sexy on the costs of the rest of germany ( especially the south ) . 
  i hate my capital . 
  because hes different and therefore better than the others ? 
  i can sympathise with their ideals . 
  i do n't agree with them mostly but i do think we should have a liberal party between 5-10 % . 
  though i do n't understand anyone who votes for the fdp in their current situatione and with their current politicians . 
  effi briest was by far the worst book we had to read in school . 
  i also quite enjoyed les miserables ( the book by victor hugo ), 
  well yes , but at least he did n't inherited his fortune, 
  is n't he a pretty down to earth guy who does n't values money as high as other superrich people ? 
  and he build it up by himself . 
  with a decent led light you should n't have that problems . 
  they are like stadion floodlights, 
  thank ~ ~ god ~ ~ sagan . 
  i thought i was the only one !, 
  even though some of these companies that sold stuff are connected to the government and are partly to blame if corruption actually happened , how was it germanys plan all along to get greeces natural gas when our companies sold you stuff . 
  does siemens or hdw get your gas ? 
  i doubt there is a big masterplan behind that . 
  how did germany pushed greece towards buying subs ? 
  honestly the older he gets the more he fits into the bad stereotypical russian man . 
  you ca n't resist our charm !, 
  the smug clouds would kill all neighbouring countries . 
  we forgot to mention that sweden is obsessed with and the only country that takes the euro song contest seriously . 
  do n't forget that `` pass '' means that you do n't keep on driving in the middle lane & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  is n't it argentina at the moment that is even more protectionist ? 
  perfect mountains for kaykaing and hiking . 
  not as many tourists as in other parts of the alps . 
  cities are beautiful and i like the rural atmosphere . 
  though their streets are quite dangerous to drive at . 
  so canada does n't feel left out : reddit convinced me that canadians are the most smug people in the northern hemisphere and you ca n't take any criticism at all , 
   germans have somehow convinced themselves that they are great drivers but i have yet to see the evidence . 
  i 'm so guilty of that ... anyway this is my order # 1 denmark : terrible drivers in terms of driving skills . 
  danger to everyone around them ( lived in flensbourg for a while so i know what i 'm talking about ) # 2 poland : really horrible drivers who have solid driving skills but they do dangerous maneuvers all the time threatening everyone around them ( a bit like eastern germans under the age of 30 ) # 3 netherlands : similar to danish drivers , they overestimate their driving skills when they have their trailer with them and they never realise when they fuck up the order of the autobahn . 
  # 4 czechia : a bit better than polish drivers . 
  you still have to be careful around them i 'm biased though . 
  like every other german i strongly believe i 'm the only one who knows how to drive :p, 
  do you pay for your university ? 
  just as a number , the average german medicine student costs 500.000 $ to the taxpayer ( only the university ) . 
  i do think you are morally obliged to repay that . 
  if that is not possible in your country due to the economy than it 's different . 
  i just quote you with winland . 
  copied from the post written by / u/toasterhuman :  [ 1 ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1bytvjldvq#t=7m9s  translation of 07:09 to 07:33 :  `` i will also send my warm greetings to the danish minority in southern schleswig . 
  the danish spirit still lives here . 
  it is anchored in old traditions , but it also lives visibly in the present . 
  i see the fact that the danish culture blossoms south of the border as a sign of friendship , respect and good neighbourship between the danes and the germans . '', 
   - queen margrethe ii of denmark  happy new years from denmark !, 
  a sk\u00f8l on that . 
  bring the \u00f8l, 
  he 's a good fit for `` die welt '' though ... 
  only if we change puerto rico to `` reicher hafen '' or reichshafen, 
  i think you can send the flag you desire to the mods and they will add it as long as it is in the correct format . 
  look up any statistic in that regard . 
  they all point out that immigrants from middle eastern people cause more trouble than any other immigration group . 
  overall they 're a burden on society and not a gain . 
  why would we want that ? 
  i can confirm this . 
  in general i dont like them . 
  there are exceptions but they are rare . 
  to be fair i 'm from a city and a city district where everyone had several negative encounters with turks so maybe it 's different in other regions of germany, 
  they really lack good politicians at the moment . 
  the only good one is hubertus heil but you do n't hear much from him anymore and kraft is the only policticians i could imagine to vote for if i had the choice . 
  i 'll vote for merkel for the same reason most people vote for her . 
  you know she is far from the best politician out there but at least she is predictable . 
  and i do n't trust steinbr\u00fcck anymore . 
  ah the old reddit circlejerk on why the number of german homicides is 5x as high as in france . 
  must be the beer-related . 
   source ? 
  and please add your sources as well . 
  it all comes down to that the us has a market that is large enough to produce big budget movies and is therefore sucking up all skilled movie composers , directors and actors so that they make american movies . 
  european movies have a much smaller market that ends at the next country that does n't speak it 's language . 
  sometimes there are exceptions from the rule and recently these are french movies . 
  then why are doing remakes from perfectly good foreign movies like the girl with the dragon tattoo ? 
  the scandinavian version was really good and yet the us made their own movie . 
  i doubt that the us has enough people who ` d watch european movies . 
  we annex africa again ? 
  i call dibs on madagascar and want an option for tansania, 
  is that near the durance ? 
  was n't he the troll with the john travolta with a gun picture with the lines : pay your debts ... or else ... joseantoniosaraiva was more crazy . 
  usually entertaining but i never was quite sure if he 's just insane or not . 
  i miss that picture though . 
  with john travolta . 
  much better than all the other ones . 
  i had a laugh when he referred to finnland as winland and norway as norgay . 
  though i do n't want to encourage him to increase his trolling in any way . 
  1 . become greenland citizen 2 . start referendum and become part of china 3 . profit, 
  i 'd rather have a bigger russia than an even bigger china . 
  and ever since we 're jealous of your sunny days . 
  is any of the poorer federal states trying to improve ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  berlin is still poor as ever , schleswig-holstein as well , they are even about to increase their spending for the next year ( does n't matter anymore , it 's to poor to be fixed ) and same goes for all the other federal states , except for hamburg , baw\u00fc , bayern , hessen and nordrhein-westfalen . 
   by having people from different cultural backgrounds you can see problems from different direction , and thus tackle them easier . 
  can you expand on that ? 
  is n't that only valid for social studies ? 
  hands down brits are the only english-speaking people i know who know how to party , their former colonies on the other hand suck on a big scale in that regard, 
  you really do n't like mountains do you ? 
  now i 'm butthurt .
