  as someone from the border to denmark i do n't know the answer but i do know that i have 18kgs of a young cow in the freezer and get half a pig in december . 
  another fourth of a cow comes to me in march . 
  it 's the countryside !, 
  at least in germany i think everyone secretly knows it . 
  i ca n't believe that anyone is actually denying it . 
  it 's just we 're not allowed to discuss it due to our past . 
  none of the big parties is dealing with it either . 
  a bit childish are n't we ? 
  too many smart people emigrating to other countries . 
  and if there is one thing germans can do better than any other country it 's leaving everything behind and adapt to another society and never look back . 
  stupid people get most of the children and the younger generation ( me included ) has no guts . 
  and / r/germany and the common german redditor seems to welcome that germany changes to a more american lifestyle and they 're too much on the far left side of the political spectrum . 
  there are more reasons why i think this way but i 'm a bit paranoid in this regard and too lazy to mention them all . 
  + the ww2 guilt will keep us from dealing with problems . 
  there are topics that you 're not allowed to discuss . 
  and i also think that our political system is more controlled by corportations than by people . 
  you watched `` hostel '' did n't you ? 
  that a place like this probably exists somewhere scares me . 
  i take off my sunglasses when i speak to other people . 
  nobody does that and i judge people for that . 
  disagree on that . 
  in 30 years france will be on par with germany or better . 
  germany itself will mostly disappear within the next 100-200 years ( maybe not the country , but all what is and was good about it ) but this is just me ... a german with german angst . 
  brits are just the offspring of some german tribes . 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  i secretly prefer russia over usa . 
  i think we have much more in common with them than with us citizens . 
  another confession : i 'd love going on an outdoor trip across russia with putin . 
  i always imagined that we 'd rather stay below radar level . 
  except for bavaria . 
  ok i take that one about the promises back . 
  it always happened with the same guy who was my roommate so it was more that he was sort of a cunt . 
  i 'm from northern germany and we do the same , it was more of a rude behaviour to the people in their environment . 
  they seem to be that sort of people that come into your room while you 're asleep and turn on the light just because they do n't care and do what they want . 
  and they never hold onto a promise or just directly say no if you ever need their help . 
  but maybe i just had a ton of bad luck with dutch people . 
  i think dutch people have no manners . 
  whenever i got to know one better they reinforced my opinion in this regard . 
  to be fair i only met young ones . 
  i think architecturally it had something to do that islamic countries knew how to build buildings in a way that they stay cool when the sun is shining and warm at night . 
  watched a documentary about it so i could be wrong . 
  hmm the price for pork meat would decrease or increase . 
  not so sure about that . 
  who with the help from springer and others once was the most popular german politician amongst germans , despite him being an obvious `` blender '' . 
  that he could fool so many was such a tragedy ( even before he lost the dr. in the name ) . 
  he does really look a bit bloated and exhausted . 
  his face looks like from someone who had a drink too much the night before . 
  that was my good news of the month that this idiot wo n't return to germany . 
  please us , feel free to keep this dick and his money , i do n't care . 
  i 'd like to know the data from other european countries so we could compare them . 
  maybe this is more relevant for / r/germany than for / r/europe . 
  they are blaming her for stuff she never said or is responsible for . 
  i 've seen better open letters . 
  why should russia be interested in greeces natural gas ? 
  they have plenty of that themselves . 
  oh , my bad . 
  sorry for my mistake . 
  on that topic most mulims think that homosexuality should be illegal . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/12v1d4/five_muslim_extremists_attacked_a_gay_club_in/c6ydh1p that does n't mean they support those actions but i doubt that there will be an outrage comdemning those actions by muslim groups . 
  your new attitude with links to every post is a bit annoying . 
  and often it does n't even make sense ( or i just do n't get it ) . 
   in every religion there is room for improvement . 
  give them time . 
  wow what a good solution !, 
  you came up with it yourself ? 
  oh you again ... we get it : you 're the know-it-all atheist while we are dumb retardgnostics according to you . 
  alcohol taxes/prices might have something to do with it as well and its safe to assume that muslimic countries cant drink that much . 
  kiel is one the ugliest cities in germany . 
  almost as ugly as neumuenster . 
  prewar i 'd have to agree though . 
  in every other subreddit your comment would start a discussion/praise about how good us microbreweries are . 
  norway got rich rather recently . 
  it was a pretty poor country until the end of the 70 's . 
  it 'll take some time i suppose . 
  10 of those 12 are just breaking bad fans . 
  i need two !, 
  the age of consent in vatican is the same as in italy ( 14 years ) ... 
  is n't the uk losing hundreds of billions per year in taxes due to scumbag `` countries '' like the isle of man ? 
  canada is also to cheap to train enough doctors themselves which is why they headhunt them directly from the universities in germany and safe a large part of the 500.000 $ each students costs until they become doctors . 
  aaaah come on , almost every news submitter has an agenda just because you do n't like the subject should n't stop a discussion about it . . 
  actually no , i 'd rather guess they agreed with koblenz that the trainroute is often used by illegal immigrants . 
   it 's a train to frankfurt . 
  it 's often used by pretty much everybody who travels long distances , and he was coming from kassel which is about as far from the closest border as you could possibly get . 
  the judges in koblenz had a different opinion about that . 
  he was using a train connection that is often used by illegal immigrants . 
  it 's like that in every country i 've been . 
  same with the volume , nobody cares about their visitors health . 
  germany is also against it . 
  protectionism will come back on a bigger scale as of now, 
  though farmers are still exploiting the system on a massive scale, 
  so the word `` mate '' it is !, 
  and dominate autralia and new zealand and all those tiny little island !, 
  first order of business , death penalty for everyone who says the word `` cunt '' . 
  that 'll teach 'em . 
  what 's wrong with south korea ? 
  what i do n't understand is why some people tell us to accept the cultural differences on that moral matter while i 'm the opinion there is no alternative to our moral values . 
  i 'm not saying we living up to them but in theory they 're a perfect foundation . 
  i honestly do n't know what went wrong so far . 
  chemical pleasure was the one who first started the circlejerk by saying  say the english , no wonder really .
