  that 's the point . 
  unless lighthaze is a cop or has something more than stories about bad police he ca n't just say that there are systematic problems within the police . 
  that 's just fucking lazy ( on the other hand this is reddit so what 's the point ), 
   how would you prove a systematic problem ? 
  maybe there is a comparison between incidents in germany and in other countries or states that would indicate if there are issues . 
  the amount of isolated cases maybe compared to other decades but just some isolated cases do n't even indicate a systematic problem when you ca n't match them with the overall number of operations . 
  you ca n't use isolated as proof and complain about a `` big problem with responsiblity and an unhealthy amount of cohesion '' without having any real proof for your claims, 
  these are all incidents and are no proof for anything that you wrote . 
  it 's a big country of course there are going to be bad apples within the police but for as long as you ca n't provide a source for systematic abuse of power within the police or of any of the other problems and only post tons of stories about isolated cases you do n't have an argument ( and taz as a source ... really ? 
  these tards post every story without checking if there is any merit to it ), 
   the public does n't think it 's there , but it is but you have the insights and are enlightened about the truth !, 
  oh please ... i doub there is a big problem with responsibility and an `` unhealthy amount of cohesion '' . 
  idiotic post without any sources, 
  i should n't have to deal with that outside of the default subs where retarded behaviour is the norm and not the exception, 
  fuck this circlejerk . 
  who cares ? 
  back to germany and back to the old name . 
  fuck southern germanys opinion on it i want it back even if it 's ugly by now . 
  if we can pay for a shithole like berlin we can easily afford to rebuild our bestest town to its former glory . 
  you 're right . 
  it was bad wording on my part and had way to much edge . 
  it was pretty late and i was to lazy to find the right words for it . 
  do n't get me wrong i actually like john oliver but what i meant is that due to his limited time and lack of entertainment value of long reports about problems he usually can just scratch them and be negative about it when there are also other aspects . 
  for example when he talked about the right to be forgotten he made a big deal that it does n't work because the guy who started all of that got famous for it and because of that wo n't ever be forgotten . 
  true in that case but for the average guy who now wants to have his stuff deleted from google this does n't apply at all . 
  i think it 's because the holocaust is n't that relevant for us-german relations . 
  if reddit had a tv show he would be the host . 
  all he does is use some funny clips/memes and adds some halftruths to his stories so you end up entertained and mildly shocked/angered, 
  first this dumb couple that bought 3l of hydrogen peroxide along with ethyl alcohol for their garden pond and a week later these dumb fucks . 
  i guess we are blessed that only the most incompetent idiots try to terrorise us, 
  i can agree with that . 
  me and my canoe club try to avoid switzerland when kayaking in the alps . 
  i 'd rather drive a bit more if that means that i do n't have to deal with police officers who see a german license plate and frame us for whatever reason . 
  maybe we just had some bad luck but we do n't risk it anymore, 
  hey that crash helped the polish-german relations immensely . 
  thank god it was over after 30minutes . 
  it happened so quick . 
  i could see it coming but i had stretched my luck and got caught by the storm when it was to late to go back to my sportsclub for shelter . 
  sems to be a bit naive and unprofessional to write that all refugees from where ever they maybe behave in the same way or patterns . 
  what worked for europe or the us with one type of refugees doesnt mean it works for every other group . 
  not normal . 
  i live pretty close and was on mybike when the worst happened and it was insane . 
  i had troubles catching my breath due to the insane amount of rain and strong winds . 
  could only see for 2 metres in the distance . 
  trees were falling and i was almost blown into oncoming traffic, 
  also often they enter the club with a group of dudes and no nightclub owner wants a sausagefest ( unless you 're operating a gayclub ), 
  probably 4/5 nightclubs in germany operate that way . 
  just like / r/europe, 
  do you even 100tabbrowsing in 4 windows ? 
  that argentinian one really said that ? 
  except that frankfurt is known as a shit city throughout germany . 
  `` central '', 
  is n't that a repost from last week ? 
  seems like this gets posted every week ... 
   very capable man pretty uncharacteristic for a pirate, 
  if they would n't make a fucking big deal out of it this would n't even be in the news . 
  i think all of my cousins from the north still speak platt . 
  problem is most of them leave to live in other parts of germany . . 
  personally i think its shit but it might be not that bad from your perspective . 
  and i mean that in a non condescending or assholish way, 
  they are not distributed equally . 
  and if that doesnt work you 're fucked . 
  why risk it, 
  yeah its as easy as that . 
  its even easier to take in educated people in the first place, 
  so dont read / r/europe and go to / r/de . 
  this continous bitching about it is boring, 
  berliners are mostly dumb fucks so that 's no surprise, 
  whats your solution ? 
  let more people drown ? 
  as if that many people are studying german . 
  mostly cheap fucks who want to study for free, 
  that raises the question on who knows more about the world ? 
  no more airport problems !, 
  i do n't think we should n't start a precedence over this now that it has already been a wide success . 
  these are some nice features . 
  they only have a nissan i think and they got it cheap because nobody would buy them so they became really cheap . 
  my aunt and uncle have one and as much as they like it they complained about the battery in winter . 
  how must that be in a country like norway ? 
   model x will cost about 35k dollars . 
  which is almost as the leaf . 
  is that the price they become profitable for once or just another price paid mostly by tesla shareholders ? 
  i guess it 's mostly a guerilla marketing scheme, 
  no streetview of my city . 
  dont even know if they came by, 
  that 's pretty dumb, 
  scandinavian christmas market concentration train, 
  switzerlands direct democracy . 
  wasnt it a 4:0 in 2010 ? 
   g + is home to uber geeks so the new nerds now that nerds are keeeewl ? 
  i must admit it was a half assed effort, 
  jimmies rustled !, 
  this is obviously wrong . 
  everyone knows that dutchies and danes ca n't drives skillwise , poles lack the ordnung to drive in a coordinated way and everyone else ca n't drive for a mix of both of these reasons . 
  also we would n't have to shout and insult if dem bloody foreigners would n't clock up our roads !, 
  also we do n't exceed the speed limit it 's either that there is full freedom on natural german roads or that we exceed the speed limit within the variation of the speed trap so we do n't really break the speed limit . 
  personally as a totally unbiased german i know for a fact that i 'm the best driver because i 'm considerate and have complete control of my vehicle in any sitation . 
  same ca n't be said for foreigners who won their `` license '' by driving their horse carriage around the marketplace . 
  also the source does n't credit german superior self awareness on the road which makes us the best driver because we realise every tiny mistake we make or how we could drive even better in the future . 
  instead they point it against us best drivers .
