   is it any wonder that cabs are such a universally shitty experience ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  taxis in germany are fine both in terms of price and service, 
  i think its mostly because the current situation isnt bad enough to spark an outrange that would result in a change . 
  parties wont gain voters by supporting it and most people dont care enough to demonstrate for it . 
  [ stereotypical ~ ~ swede ~ ~ redditor in the bus ] ( http://i.imgur.com/brltdgi.png ), 
  when an israeli mate came to visit me in northern germany he was quite shocked to see that i had a pump in my garden and could get out as much water as i want, 
  thats berlin, 
  kohl und pinkel and some kieler sprotten . 
  or birnen , bohnen , speck for the real northern german experience . 
  fucking vice ... stop clickbaiting me into shitty vice `` news '', 
  as long as they do n't ask the german government to pay for it i do n't mind, 
  i hate it when people link a complete book as source, 
  at best this 'll start some controversy with germany . 
  the second one is pretty offensive edit : how did i trigger poles with my comment ? 
  not really, 
  is n't it more like all of turkey except for istanbul and a few citites on the coast who set you back ? 
  keep on dreaming pal !, 
   russians in the 1990 's with some success , so i believe our ability to integrate foreigners is not so bad . 
  were n't those mostly russian germans ? 
  not really that far from us culturwise . 
  dude was 93 . ca n't feel bad about someone who got that old, 
  also we 're not really invested in our country . 
  if shit hits the fan i 'd just gtfo to greener pastures, 
  americans starting some rounds of beerpong would ruin that experience for me, 
  defend germany until the last eesti !, 
  i always gave halfway through the tutorial :(, 
  ahh i misread it . 
  they fucked up other countries and neglected several treaties along the way . 
  1000 people is enough . 
  how representative they were is more important, 
  my master strategical knowledge coming from playing many tutorials of paradox games teached me that this might backfire, 
  i agree but when enough people would be in favour of it it should be worthy of a discussion . 
  it could also help to convince people that nato is n't that useless for us . 
  there is also the option to leave nato so there is a choice, 
  the difference between france and germany on this matter is 5 % . 
  their opinion on this is pretty similar to ours, 
  since we 're almost surrounded by nato members we 'd still get defended by nato members . 
  someone here ca n't handle banter . 
  are you even a brit ? 
  we also have 4 worldcups . 
  that comes along with a huge ego boost you one worldcup pleb, 
  i doubt turkey has any idea about that either . 
  it ca n't be easy to have reliable figures if you border isis territory, 
  that phrase does n't make any sense in that context . 
  we do n't force anything upon anyone else in this case we 're just more comfortable with the status quo, 
  that seems to me like completely wrong . 
  nobody here dislikes the local greeks . 
  romanians to some extent but most disliked are probably the turks . 
  i dont know anyone who 'd say that they generally like turkish immigrants outside of reddit . 
  though this is coming mostly from my experience growing up in a city with a huge crime rate for german standards and a multicultural city district . 
  nobody in amsterdam cares about safety on their bike . 
  not even children wear a helmet even when they get drove around by their parents . 
  also these prostitutes in the windows were rather ugly . 
  but germany cant hold them here and its wishful thinking that this gratitude of our system will ever get payed back . 
  germany cant even hold its own students as they are leaving the sinking ship . 
  according to your flair that also applies to you so i dont see why i should pay to educate foreigners with nothing i can be assured of getting back . 
  also if berlin calculates anything you can be assured that its completely wrong, 
  every students costs the taxpayer severql thousands until his studies are finished and they can never make up for that within these few years they are living here and not even half of them decide to stay here ( i 'm on mobile but there was an article at faz.net or zeit.de recently that covers that ) . 
  why russia ? 
  nice, 
  honestly some of us like myself dont really care, 
  i really dislike her for all the shit she does that has nothing to do with politics . 
  and what little they offer them . 
  especially in germany . 
  i think 2/3 are denied and only 1/3 of those have to actually return and these are almost all people from the balkans . 
  taiwan ? 
   byzantium that 's even better than constantinople, 
   requires some adjustments ( that are quite possible ) . 
  it 's not like anything they tried has worked yet . 
  i do n't see it changing dramatically at any point in the future . 
  dutchies only use the seitenstreifen anyways, 
  definitely . 
  and more than one . 
  i have great parents and siblings to fall back on so it would n't really be all that hard if the situation arises . 
  my parents were able to raise three kids with basically one workers income . 
  that is n't possible anymore and when you have a risk averse society people settle for one kid or none at all . 
  also narcissism seems to be rampant in germany so that does n't help either, 
  / r/atheism is leaking another low effort post by aschebescher . 
  we have so much in common, 
  that was all a long time ago . 
  these days he 's not that far off . 
  why would anyone admit coming from bremen ? 
  finally i can say it ... 
  thank you for your service, 
  i assume as a prince he can just get a diplomatic position whereever he goes but i do n't know much about immunity and if it is that easy, 
  yeah and they 're so trustworhty ... oh please . 
  / r/germany is basically / r/helpastudent . 
  hi i 'm average joe i 'm to lazy to learn your language but i want to study 4 free . 
  where can i study in english and how to apply for free housing and how am i getting paid for going to university again ? 
  or / r/de or just about any country subreddit i think they 're all utter shit, 
  kaiserschmarrn is just proof that austrians ca n't even make proper `` pfannkuchen '', 
   endless ads on public radio and tv . 
  endless ads are only on the private channels . 
  and compared to some other countries it 's pretty good here . 
  try watching tv in new zealand or the us without a cable package . 
  not that i like the price-performance ratio we get out of our 18 $ but the ads are not the problem . 
  german left are scared of it because they assume it would lead to a move to the right . 
  well i certainly would n't say that and use stories about police incidents to substantiate an allegation . 
  i 'd at least spend the time and compare number of shots fired in the us and in other western countries and even then it 's a bit easy to just say that the american cops are trigger-happy when i really do n't have any insight in the day to day life of american cops working in some dangerous area .
