  that 's also why nobody is stupid enough to rely on us ( especially militarily ) which brings us also in the comfortable position to be on good terms with almost everyone . 
  http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/22mlso/us_troops_may_be_sent_to_eastern_europe/cgopp2v and it was heavily upvoted in the beginning and got downvoted by europeans by now . 
  not that europeans are any better it 's the same bullshit . 
  to be fair it 's limited to shitty subreddits like worldnews , circlebroke , etc so not really representative but still this is rather new on reddit and has n't been like that half a year ago ( imo ), 
  i 'm surprised about berlin . 
  not only that but now there is so much anger and hate between europeans and americans on reddit . 
  must be quite disheartening if you 're for a stronger bond between the us and europe, 
  mentioning this in one of the default subreddits results in the biggest anti-spanish circlejerk on reddit . 
  it 's a bit scary, 
  glad to hear that their approval rating is plummeting . 
  but disappointed that he isnt working towards limiting access to the markrt for some companies like cisco , microsoft , etc. 
  banning microsoft from any pc of the government and important key industries would be a good start . 
  we should be able to pressure lybia and tunisia into cooperation . 
  just pay them for the troubles . 
  we do . 
  there was an article about it on sone weekly magazine couple of weeks ago, 
  i would n't be so sure about it . 
  according to this article it 's not just a myth/lie . 
  for some reason many foreigners and germans as well love berlin . 
  maybe that 's something for you . 
  myself i dont like that city but its big , cheap and full of people from everywhere . 
  as if they know we 're about to pirate season 4 on monday . 
  as brilliant as sherlock is 3 episodes a year are n't that schedule filling . 
  quality over quantity i guess . 
  the bbc at least produces something watchable . 
  we do n't have any of that in germany ( arguably tatort is the best we can do ... ), 
  you ca n't compare growth rate from developing countries to fully developed countries . 
  1 % growth for sweden is much harder to achieve than 1 % in romania . 
  no we are brigading this sub in the name of comrade putin and it 's a conspiracy from the kreml . 
  or something similar idiotic i had to read a couple of days ago on / r/europe ... 
  with these import and export figures i would n't say that, 
  i want him ~ ~ deported ~ ~ banned !!, 
  yes, 
  the university in stockholm is n't so sure about the safety aspects . 
  and neither should anyone when the ones building it ( skb ) belongs to e.on , vattenfall and fortrum who are all pushing for more nuclear energy and most likely only have monetary interests in mind . 
  is n't it rather that just istanbul is progressive while the rest of the country has a completely different mindset ? 
  i 'd rather see us going full switzerland ( except for staying in the eu ) . 
  i do n't see why we ca n't be neutral just because we are a bigger country than sweden or switzerland . 
  guys we can just give up . 
  history repeat itself is literally a law of nature and we ca n't do anything about it ... 
  is that one guy just singing along without being part of the ensemble ? 
  his voice does n't seem to fit in, 
  we do . 
  not that much though which is probably due to ecological issues . 
  for us it did . 
  it was one of the best things schr\u00f6der did when he was in office . 
  cheaper gas with a reliable partner for 30 years and no transit fees . 
  we are relying to much on the us already , i 'd rather see less of that from germany . 
  i doubt we can afford that . 
  man look at his username . 
  why argue with him ? 
  no thomas anders on stage singing their old hits . 
  disappointing show, 
  a lot of russians ? 
  who exactly ? 
  your statement just sounds like fearmongering to me, 
  * do you mean to tell me , katie scarlett o'hara , that tara , that land does n't mean anything to you ? 
  why , land is the only thing in the world worth workin ' for , worth fightin ' for , worth dyin ' for , because it 's the only thing that lasts . 
  i do n't get / u/t _ dumbsford . 
  he 's a good moderator of / r/morbidreality , / r/circlejerk and / r/magicskyfairy and now he fucks with / r/netherlands . 
  i expected something else from him . 
  to be fair the crimean tatars collaborated in large numbers with the nazis in the beginning . 
  it was n't surprising or without a reason that stalin reacted the way he did . 
  that does n't make it right but it 's not like tartars got deported for no reason . 
  i want s\u00f8nderhav and okse\u00f8erne !, 
  secretly we do n't even want it . 
  we keep it just to spite you, 
  difference is we only kill ourselves :p, 
  terrorising the autobahn as usual !, 
  edited it so you do n't feel violated . 
  sorry for that, 
  these other options would make us dependent on other unstable regions and we 'd have to pay transit fees for everyone of them . 
  they 'd all have leverage over europe as well ( to an extent at least ) . 
  i would n't mind having that pipeline as well but for us nordstream was the way better option . 
  no transit fees and russia fulfilled every supply contract for the last 30 years so no reason to complain in this regard . 
  how is it betrayal ? 
  germany did n't want to pay transift fee for countries the pipeline had to pass . 
  germany had the option for nordstream and went with it . 
  do you expect germany to subsidise polish and ukrainian gas just because they 're between them and russia ? 
  downvote me all you want but imo the german standpoint is completely understandable and that this one of the better accomplishments of schr\u00f6der . 
  and btw . 
  poland gets his gas from nordstream as well so it 's not like germany cut their gas supply . 
  against german interests at least . 
   offering to finance a significant portion of its construction . 
  nordstream was almost completely paid by russia and the us even tried to sabotage it via sweden . 
  is n't germany currently even importing more from eu countries than exporting into eu countries ? 
  there are over 170 minorities in russia and only a few are being discriminated against . 
  its not bad for all of them being a muslim minority isnt good for them though . 
  according to the international republican institute . 
  not really the best source . 
  you accuse them of an agenda but you have one yourself . 
  russia questions the legitimacy of the ukrainian government and therefore the police as well . 
  it was n't the best way to handle a revolution and therefore they have a point . 
  that 's our excuse not to spend much on our army . 
  not like we really care much about our neighbours in the east anyway ( at least less than the us ), 
   there is no conspiracy here conspiracy confirmed !, 
  but is n't it due to polands own faults ? 
  should have liberalised their gas markets years ago and their contracts links the gas price to the oil price therefore they have to pay more at the moment and when germany gets a better price due to better relations and a liberalised gas market you ca n't expect to get the same price as us . 
  it 's one fifth of germanys yearly consumption and combined with our enormous oil reservoirs it 's enough to get through a winter . 
  why ?
