  i agree with him . 
  eu should be harsher with these small countries that hide behind and abuse their status as a country . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you on the matter . 
  how the crisis is currently being handled is terrible in many aspects . 
  i just wanted to add the the inflation rate has to be considered when you look at the numbers . 
  as long as the new debts gets eaten up by inflation it 's not really growing . 
  for an australian you 've come a long way . 
  i met australians who had never seen snow . 
  quality of life is also higher . 
  and mountains . 
  proper mountains . 
  oversimplified but estonian women are the best ( charakterwise and appearance ) . 
  should be reason enough . 
  to chip in a different opinion in that regard i have to admit that i do n't like them . 
  there are exceptions but in general they speak bad german , have bad manners and they cause a lot of trouble ( though i can only speak for my city which has high crime rates ) . 
  and none of my friends likes them particularly and most of us had several negative encounters with a pack of turkish people when we were young . 
  i prefer people from iraq and iran . 
  `` all ** men ** must die '' does n't apply here though, 
  treat people like you want to be treated comes to mind and she may have close ones who grief her death, 
  ok british redditors tell us what you feel in detail, 
  amsterdam because it 's the only city where i get my moneys worth in return . 
  what a pity . 
  if you 'd just ask nicely enough you could have it . 
  including all their debts of course . 
  look at the bright site . . wheatbix gets more expensive, 
  [ sad day for all of us ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8255pu6vy1ry0is1o1_400.gif ), 
  fortune favors the bold i suppose ^ ^ ^ ^ jk, 
  is n't that a british oversea territory ? 
  have you been robbed by wild monkeys and is that a thing in gibraltar ? 
  [ the british influence of this subreddit is affecting me ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ufmvo5lu58#t=0m29s ), 
  at least the h\u00fcrriyet has several offices in germany and should know how it works . 
  they should have known that german medias want to cover it just as much as they do and be prepared . 
  and furthermore they should n't be blaming anyone but themselves but instead they pulled the victim card on such matter ... 
  turkish newspapers are embarassing themselves ... they did fuck up to apply for a seat in time and now want to make it look like as if the german courts does n't want them in their courtroom . 
  now i 'm euphoric 11/10 would die for, 
  not enough stripes . 
  3/10 would n't salute to, 
  it 's being mentioned in the german wikipedia and there were some articles about it a while ago . 
  apparently it is hard for educated turkish students to find jobs in germany because many germans do n't treat them fair . 
  it is a long story about failed immigration policies by the german government and due to that there is an increase in hostility towards turkish people as they can be found overrepresentated in crime statistics and you can read about some shit young german-turkish brats have done every other day in every newspaper . 
  [ easy `` cheese '' ] ( http://gutegabeln.de/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/easy-cheese1.jpg ) . 
  do n't condemn me netherlands and france, 
  if gunter sachs is the most prominent german within these datas i 'm confused, 
   no longer willing to transfer its qualified labor to the european powerhouse it 's not what is happening anyway . 
  the educated ones are already leaving germany and return to turkey . 
  and they never sent their qualified labor to germany to begin with . 
  and i want to start running around the field with a metal detector as a hobby :( no hidden treasures for me, 
  you ruined some nice kayaking spots along the way :(, 
  so no one feels offended l\u00fcbeck becomes the capital . 
  it 's the most beautiful city anyway !, 
  but voting csu is even worse than voting spd . 
  they 're not only crazy but batshit crazy . 
  especially with seehofer , the most retarded person in german politics . 
  as a l\u00fcbecker i 'd be ok with that . 
  but we keep our booze prices, 
  as an avid fan of / r/circlejerk and the like and as someone who despises most of the redditors from the default subreddits i choose a username that is fitting for that . 
  i 'm not a creative type of person ... 
  and even when it 's just the weather ... 
  well it 's not like the middle-age setup of game of thrones could be found anywhere outside of europe . 
  germany is house baratheon because they are either drunk ( like king robert ) or serious as stannis . 
  uk is house lannister . 
  house stark are the scandinavian countries for whatever reasons and switzerland is house frey . 
  austria is house tully and turkey is targaryen . 
  that is definitely better than when germany is house lannister . 
  we have been the bad guy often enough !, 
  / r/atheism really believes that / r/magicskyfairy and / r/bravetheism are mostly religious people who want to mock / r/atheism, 
  paid vacation as you have to celebrate helios is not something you enjoy, 
  it does n't matter because the mathematical olympiad is between a couple of people and is no indicator on how good the educational system teaches mathematic . 
  if you instead had written among the 100 people in the hall of fame in the mathematical olmypics 12 were from romania that would have been an indicator that their educational system teaches mathematic better than many other countries . 
  but even then it could also have been due to one guy who is working his ass off so romania wins some medal like radu gologan . 
  i do n't know what the answer is to this but you do n't know either . 
  i have no doubts that romanians speak better english than the average german ( i would n't even be surprised if you 're better in mathematic ) . 
  but it 's also no indicator that romanians are smarter with languages than german when german medias are all in german and romanians are watching subbed movies , etc. 
  and i do n't want to sound aggressive and jealous towards romania i just do n't think that the mathematical olympic is a good indicator on how state-of-the-art a country is . 
  the hotel is ruining itself along the way . 
  the berliner will do some rampage when it opens . 
  i do n't want to work there and deal with it . 
  the mathematical olympiad doesnt say anything at all about a countries educational system . 
  and the german government wants foreign people in germany to keep the wages low and to reduce the effects of our declining birth rates . 
  but nice to know that romania is better than most people know, 
   those in the north do n't contribute much of value you just do n't get invited when we get the good stuff out . 
  and our kartoffelsalat is the way to go . 
  i feel so offended right now !, 
  without pictures these are just some polish words i do n't understand : /, 
  it looks quite tasty . 
  finally our favourite neighbour gets some german attitudes . 
  hedonism is for lunatics !, 
  we should use eu power to keep winter sports between eu countries . 
  you 'd join within a week !, 
   you mean the greeks who have seen there economy shrink almost 30 % it was a blown up economy based on no real foundation . 
  it was never supposed to be as high as it was on their peak . 
  greece was never able to use their suddenly good interest rates for their advantage in a sustainable way and therefore is back with their former terrible rates which they deserve from an investors point of view . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  you forgot to mention that icesave was part of the depositors ' and investors ' guarantee fund so they were allowed to open branches in the netherlands and gb . 
  thus they were obliged to cover 20.000 $ per customer . 
  a day before the bank defaulted icelands government passed a law that only secured domestic customers ( which btw . 
  is discriminating against everyone else ) . 
  iceland was not a victim it was the offender . 
  and i think it got off way to easy for the shit it has done . 
  i agree that there was no way out of this without lots of people losing money and yet iceland is to blame for being to stupid to control their banks even by the lowest standard ( and everyone who was a customer at a bank with up to 6 % in interest rates should have been wise enough that it was to good to be true ... ),
