   also the police tends to be more right leaning , especially the `` bereitschaftspolizei '' and the `` einsatzhundertschaften '' . 
  because of the military-style circumstances . 
  those are the ones that are called most to such events . 
  and so they tend to be `` friendlier '' towards right crowds then towards left ones that 's just wishful thinking from your perspective . 
  you ca n't proof that this is actually the case . 
  northern germany . 
  not freak rains so far , just shit weather for the last 2 weeks and now it has been raining continously for so long and it 'll stay the same tomorrow - . -, 
  it 's been raining for more than the last 24 hours . 
  2-3 weeks ago this was looking to be a promising summer and now it 's looks the be the same shit as every year ... 
  voting party line out of conscience ... that 's too much `` i was just following orders '' to my liking, 
   and she allowed every member of the bundestag to vote `` their concience '' . 
  which shows just what a cunt merkel is because that is literally what they are supposed to do anyway . 
  of course the same applies for most other parties but that she has to declade to vote `` their concience '' just shows the sad state our democracy is in . 
  still stupid that they have an option to stay here in the long term . 
  it should n't matter when syria is safe and we should send people back there even 20 years from now if they cause problems here . 
  it 's way too easy for them to stay here indefinitely . 
   trying out solutions right now when it is n't that bad will help when global warming really hits africa and we get a lot more refugees . 
  if that is the answer for that event from the eu i hope we dismantle it asap, 
  is n't that one of any green parties core points ? 
   do you know how hard is it for third country citizens to obtain german citizenship ? 
   that includes among other things learning the language , having a self-sustaining job and giving up any other citizenship there are some loopholes . 
  you can just bear child after child ( like people from the middle east usually do ) and get a permanent residence permit after 6 years without having to show any progress in terms of integration, 
  we should try to do it better than australia does . 
  throw billions at this problem and in the long run develop at least the northern african states, 
  we had a disastrous relationship ? 
  i 'm still cool with you . 
  some people have retarded opinions , does n't mean they 're overall shit . 
  we had that in germany a few years ago and they were even worse . 
  most of them tricked their way into their position and sold out to highest bidder . 
  that lead to the downfall of the fdp and some other figures ( our minister of defence von guttenberg for example ) . 
  kurz is still probably one of the few politician left that i 'd trust in terms of having the guts to actually do something to make europes borders safe again . 
  because one thing is certain , there will be no solution for this coming from germany . 
  [ reminds me of this scene from one of the finest american comedies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meg-x_ubnua ), 
  i 'm against these kind of actions . 
  same with most trade embargoes . 
  if a product is made in the usa and has the best quality for a price i 'm willing to pay than i buy it . 
  there are also some products i would n't want to miss in my life that are made in the us, 
  runs in the family, 
  you 're right . 
  i thought you were talking about petrys statement towards this . 
  i missed the controversy about storchs comment . 
  well , the left wants to achieve that mostly by stopping what causes refugees . 
  of course we should work on that but that is something that wo n't have an impact within the next few decades . 
  but we need solutions that work now . 
  and these extreme positions are a bit overly dramatic . 
  they said that using weapons at the border is the ultima ratio . 
  so in extreme cases like when a group of refugees threaten the border guards with weapons themselves or having a kid as a lever with a gun to its head . 
  unlikely to happen but you never know . 
  oh lucky us , we get to spend money on other people even within the country ... 
  i 'd rather not exactly know how bad the clerks responsible for that actually work . 
  all that shit that gets out makes it look like i could have gotten the syrian refugee status if i had shown up with blonde hair , blue eyes and told them in perfect german that i 'm actually a syrian refugee . 
  refugees having more than twenty different personalities , pupils in my sisters class that look ten year older than their peers , that refugee that almost killed a women in greece as a 17year old in 2013 and killed a german women still as a 17 year old in 2016 , refugees that ca n't get sent back because after admitting they killed someone back home they ca n't be sent back so they get a pass and move on to rape a women with their machete in their hand while the boyfriend is watching . 
  just completey incompetency that even the dumbest guy from the most backwards middle eastern incest town could fool them . 
  and with sentences that must seem to these people that there is one free rape or murder for everyone . 
  it 's just disheartening to witness, 
  you forget about our demographic and that arabs settle in the cities and not the countryside where a huge part of the germans live . 
  when you cut out the old people and look at my age group around 30 suddenly their percentage of the population becomes bigger and bigger . 
  for ~ ~ good ~ ~ or worse ( worse , let 's be realistic here ) they 're the future of germany and that will come back to hunt us here in europe and especially in germany . 
  it wo n't be long until the bigger cities look like any touristy arab city because that 's where they settle . 
  look at germany . 
  that black guy that raped a women in front of her boyfriend with a machete in his hand admitted that he killed someone ( i think his brother in law or something ) and ca n't be sent back because of this and they just let him roam around freely . 
  refugees here admit murder so they do n't get denied asylum and afterwards they get back out on the streets no questions asked . 
  another problem that gets ignored in germany . 
  as long as there is an age there is no problem , do n't ask questions !, 
  why the age group of 14 to 25 consists has an insane amount of 17 year old must be by pure coincidence . 
  my sister is a teacher and when i saw her pupils i was schocked . 
  that one guy looked 24 even considering that arabs often look older and his classmates were some boys at the start of puberty . 
  of course that class one , hard to beat several `` 17 '' year old and do n't even get me started when they hook up with some 14 year old or even impregnate them ( even that happened once so far , although that girl was 16 ) . 
  and the principal turns a blind eye to so much shit . 
  no child left behind and if that means that a boy can follow a girl into the girls locker room and grope her and not get excluded from school even after this was his third big fuckup that 's totally fine for the principal . 
  and that 's just one school in a bad district where there are several from in every german city . 
  welp ... time for me to sleep  . <, 
  ~ ~ it showed up in norway last december ~ ~ ~ ~ https://www.welt.de/regionales/bayern/article159928124/gestohlenes-kz-tor-aus-dachau-in-norwegen-gefunden.html~~, 
  sometimes i really enjoy turkeys bantergame, 
  yes me wasting 5 seconds of my time to shit on some cities in germany must definitely be proof enough for a sigmund freud like yourself . 
  it 's not like i 'm wrong , both cologne and berlin are n't beautiful to the eye and both cities are up there on every statistic where you do n't want your city to succeed . 
  now fuck off and cry along the 1 fc k\u00f6ln song after you so bravely defended your cities reputation on the internet, 
  i 'll never vote for merkels party again do n't you worry , 
  did they change it ? 
  i was there in 2010 and 2011 or 2012 . 
  both times i was appalled about how fugly that area is, 
  without the rest of germany funding their useless asses it 'd be like detroit, 
  also the worst in many non-hipster aspects, 
  ugly as fuck . 
  fits right into berlin but it also looks like a good working environment and that 's what matters, 
  at this point i 'd rather bet on her helping vienna getting sacked by turks, 
  it 's a shame really . 
  i do n't think the people of cologne deserve their cathedral anymore . 
  it 's looks like some bad ghetto in istanbul surrounding the cathedral . 
  shitton of scummy people there too . 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ actually ^ ^ like ^ ^ it but the people are kinda shitty too but that might be more because i 'm not used to them , they 're too different from us folks further up north . 
  that 's what turned me against our welfare model . 
  we 're supposed to behave as a community of solidarity but when basically anyone can become a part of this no matter how fucked up , uneducated and poor they are then i 'm just not willing to be taken hostage by everyone supporting this . 
  it really made me behave antisocial in my behaviour towards the country, 
   beautiful city ahh come on . 
  that city is not beautiful . 
  the cologne cathedral is but that 's it . 
  i 'd even go as far and call it ugly, 
  vietnamese and many other asian immigrants as well . 
  one generation and they often surpass the locals in many aspects .
