  but getting an advantage is ok ? 
  hypocrite ... 
  dual citizen within the eu is ok imo but a no-go for someone outside of the eu imo . 
  being a citizen comes with rights and duties and in the worst case are contrary towards both countries . 
  and it gives and unfair advantage for citizen who just happened to have parents with 2 nationalities for example an american leeching of free university in germany and moving back to the us afterwards or turks killing someone and fleeing to turkey to escape german prosecution ( would n't be the first time ), 
   it did n't help that germany had to call itself after our shared ethnicity h\u00f6h\u00f6h\u00f6 germany is of genius, 
  but we have 2 seas . 
  it is indeed . 
  berlin really is a shitty capital . 
  can we add `` reich '' to it ? 
  but with a german stamp on it which suddenly was n't there anymore or why else would they have to reprint the stamp ? 
  it does n't matter what the us used it for now that the trust is destroyed it has to get back to germany or stored somewhere more trustworthy . 
  i never said that it ever touched german ground except for the bit that just got back to us with a fresh stamp on it . 
  it must have had an old stamp on it proving that it belongs to germany . 
  if it was remelted someone messed with germanys property . 
  the us was never allowed to use it in any other way than to store it yet they apparently did do something else with it . 
  i answered your question already . 
  i want someone from the opposition and a credible external person to audit all of it . 
   at the end of the day why does it matter where the gold is stored if you are n't going to sell it ( unless you believe the conspiracy theory that its gone ) . 
  what got back to germany was remelted . 
  why did it had to be remelted when the us was never allowed to melt it in the first place ? 
  means nothing coming from him . 
  an extern auditor and someone from the opposition and not some twat from the bundesbank, 
   they love to forget that there is this space between germany and russia that is called poland ( cause belarus and ukraine are not even independent countries according to some ) . 
  nordstream was a reaction to the countries in between germany and russia . 
  so in some ways you were not forgotten . 
  do n't forget chopped onions . 
  i think a tor is more of a simple minded person much like an idiot . 
  it 's just not being used that often anymore, 
  the worldcup is getting the better of me :( i just have the urge to be a dick to all our neighbours until we win it, 
  poland once again confirmed eastern european . 
  in german that phrase makes sense ( it means the idiot is 90 % of the internet ), 
  merkel applauds like a 4 year old kid . 
  you 'll always have table tennis, 
  i changed my view when they turned it into a carnage . 
  what a stupid article . 
  as if turkey would have been able to develope these players and as if these countries have no other options on the same level . 
  i 'd try to fool them with sealand . 
  if that does n't work byebye monaco . 
  such a shame that this is on the agenda ... 
  i for one like his posts . 
  that 's what made it even more hilarious, 
  i do n't think that this could have been avoided in any way . 
  it 's the same in any other country that 's not based on immigrants or had been influenced by its colonies in the past . 
  it will take another few generations to change that and now that the educated german-turks are leaving germany and move to turkey or more welcoming countries this will take longer . 
  after over 50 years i 'd call it being mentally challenged . 
  at least she did n't make any selfies with all these important people . 
  living here as well i would n't like that . 
  i second this . 
  margrete is love margrete is live . 
  united we get back dat skane !, 
  house lannister takes the north once and for all !, 
  depends on the demographic i think . 
  maybe the common piratenvoter decided not to vote and used the good weather for something else . 
  i think it 's more of a reaction of the lack of a center-right party ( cdu is n't center-right anymore imo ) . 
  i feel sorry for the piratenpartei . 
  i voted for freie w\u00e4hler and expected them to be somewhere behind the piraten . 
  when your minister of home affairs says that snowden is a lawbreaker when there is an investigation commitee working on the basis of snowdens exposure it seems pretty submissive to me . 
  and we did n't really flip a shit about the nsa revelations . 
  only words but no actions . 
  even a jellyfish has r\u00fcckgrat compared to merkel, 
  did you meet the other , pro-erdogan protest ? 
  at the moment i 'd say yes . 
  i think you 're overestimating germany . 
  what is it ? 
  baltic europe ? 
  is your second choice freie w\u00e4hler according to the wahl-o-mat ? 
  are you the anti-u/mightierthanthou ? 
  i assume you 've never driven a car on the autobahn, 
  it 's a container format used for movies in hd ( 720p or 1080p ) . 
  you lost in mallorca you lost in ibiza ... want me to continue ? 
  germanies army is n't ... that 's why i added the j\u00e4germeister part because even though we might not have the best army , our soldiers can outdrink you lot any day !, 
  you 'll be the playground . 
  so at least 2 will lose . 
  we 'll recite the j\u00e4germeister poem on the battlefield until you forfeit !, 
  they do n't count as ally . 
  italy as ally is war in nightmare difficulty mode ( before italians feel insulted i do n't mean it that way ) in fact itacker was an expression for the comradery between the germans and italians before it became an insult ( if i remember correctly ), 
  how is 3 vs 1 better than 2 vs 1 ? 
  next time it 's 1vs1 mid only, 
  always 2 against us ... that 's the cowards spirit !, 
   relatively good news : after visit of swiss `` banker '' [ 1 ] to moscow putin has suddenly changed his course 180 degrees . 
  he asked people in eastern ukraine to postpone referendum about independence ( in the end referendum was n't postponed - it is happening right now ) and has declared russia will move troops away from ukrainian border . 
  stock exchange has grown up by 5 % immediately [ 2 ] . 
  it seems the `` banker '' hit our president right into his most vulnerable spot - where even judo could n't help him : his legendary 200b off-shore `` wallet '' ; sometimes i think switzerland is the real worlds braavos . 
  it 's usually not salted in germany . 
   italy did not convinct a group of geologists because they failed to predict an earthquake . 
  while i still think that the menslaughter charge is unwarranted , the conviction was because they released recommendations that failed to take into account the solidity of buildings in the affected areas and other factors that , according to the judge , they had a duty to consider . 
  nowhere in the sentence are they accused of failing to predict the quake . 
  / r/worldnews is so retarded ( even by their standards ) when it comes to this story . 
  just like football :d, 
  european hypocrisy at its best ... shameful, 
  was armenia the guys with the depressing song by an amernian who basically has nothing to do with armenia anyway ? 
  without balsamico it would n't taste good at all, 
  to morally preaching imo . 
  poland only good neighbour left !, 
  we gave neighbours points and they never repay us . 
  more proof that no country has worse neighbours than germany ( except for poland and switzerland ) !!, 
  her dress is awesome though, 
  that 's because they always vote for each other !!, 
  and the best song was without a doubt [ dschingis khan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaeurp2v4ss ) .
