  tatort is pretty good sometimes and there are some great shows and documentaries on arte . 
  you could count the number of german tourists on one hand next winter . 
  i was referring to cultural knowledge of a region and not the people within that country . 
  back then muslimic countries were more advanced in many field and more civilised as well ( monks in southern france reported that people were giving money to beggars `` in the name of mohammed , as he is more powerful than jesus '' ) . 
  it 's just that nowadays that gap is already closed and europe is ahead of them . 
  time will tell if that 'll change . 
  i suppose europe already learned and used the important stuff from arabic countries back in the days of the last crusade ( and before that ) . 
  in todays world i do n't think there is much left ( besides food ) . 
  we would n't starve . 
  we just would n't eat as much meat . 
  that sounds like nonsense . 
  he was more reasonable a while ago and i agreed with his opinion on occasions , but lately he is the biggest piece of shit on this subreddit . 
  and 86mitso makes a good post on this topic , a former troll . 
  times are changing, 
  quite a lot actually . 
  about a third of germany is forest . 
  the only bundesland that is allowed to moan about the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich is baden w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  but they are the ones who do n't complain even though they paid into it from the start until today . 
  reason enough for me to love them for that . 
  you must feel so superior with your bavarian roots ... 
  nevertheless a risky attempt in this subreddit, 
  maybe it is written in capslock so everybody knows its sarcasm, 
  harassing them ? 
  try open a bar in hells angels cities like flensburg and within 3 months you 're employed by the hells angels in a bar that was former yours . 
  they 're all pieces of shit and i hope the police wo n't stop . 
  are they still connected to the us ? 
  or are they only related by name but have nothing in common ? 
  you left the field for them , what do you expect ? 
  we try it on switzerland first, 
  what about the other nuclear waste that occurs when you abolish the old reactors . 
  but finland has a solid plan and know what they 'll do with the nuclear waste . 
  is this a `` hitchhikers guide to the galaxy '' reference ? 
  the part with the babelfish ? 
  you have my ~ ~ sword ~ ~ upvote . 
  nahh just kidding i really do n't care . 
  do n't get me wrong , i prefer that too , i just do n't like small-talk with strangers or when people talk rubbish . 
  that 's what i love about scandinavian countries and why i can only visit the american continent for vacation . 
  i do n't like being talked to when nothing of importance is being said . 
   the church is contributing only a relative small amount . 
  can you back that up with any evidence ? 
  i know the churches in my area are usually using the money for good causes and not only good for their religious purpose . 
  and at least in northern germany the churches do n't discriminate against other people . 
  i 'm looking forward when we do n't have to see her or her husbands face anymore ... 
  i knew it !, 
  you must feel like kings when visiting flensburg, 
  oh come on , that 's how / r/europe works . 
  unpopular opinions get more downvotes than the pope in / r/atheism, 
  is that a lambpenis at 4:45 ? 
   sausages i 'm quite a fan of some british meals like meat pies , fish & chips , some desserts , etc etc. 
  but british sausages are as bad as in any commonwealth nation . 
  though i only tried it twice , once in nz and a year ago in brighton . 
  i still have my doubt that there was any meat in it . 
  and our coal burning plants are not comparable with china or many other countries . 
   and he bloody well knows it . 
  she , her name is charlotte . 
  if it happened recently i 'd assume you 're super rich ... 
  is n't it basically : norway - danmark - iceland ? 
  i could n't find any data supporting that . 
  i mean if it 'd work i would n't have a problem with it . 
  but for 1 % of them staying here it 's not worth the effort . 
  but i have to pay for it . 
  their only reason for studying abroad is because it 's free ( = paid by other countries taxes ) . 
  and that is why i think if they want to study here they should pay a fair price for it or let the same amount of foreigners study for free in england as well . 
  why should i pay for students from a country where i do n't have the same possibility to study myself ? 
  it was supposed to be a response to lurks on 1sstdates . 
  newsflash : doctor gets sued for cutting the umbilical cord, 
  protectionism against china . 
  as long as our governements are n't too deep in chinas butt then . 
  in that business , i do n't know how much of a problem that is . 
  airlines ca n't afford not to have the safest and best airplanes on the market ( unless you 're somewhere in africa ) , china could use them for their own market and maybe africa but no one else would buy them . 
  that said i agree with you . 
  i think it 's common knowledge that this happens nowadays . 
  it was more of a deal . 
  they bought those airplanes as long as airbus builds a factory in tianjin where those planes get assembled . 
  and since the big chinese airlines belong to the chinese government and the planes are paid by a chinese government bank ( icbc ) it is a deal between the government and airbus . 
  and you complained about me bitching about / r/germany : s, 
  / r/polandball is such a nice subreddit for that . 
  i love it . 
  we 're not even half-way there . 
  and i think some posts deserve more response so i think we could use more subscribers ( not to many though ) . 
  / r/worldnews is not sufficient in that regard :(, 
  i just like to read about other countries perspective on some european topics . 
  * i found this subreddit . 
  you have a point . 
  just because people from the uk often disagree with the rest of the people of / r/europe should n't mean that they need to be downvoted . 
  do n't invite / r/germany over here . 
  from experience i can tell that they are mostly douchebags . 
  i think we need more people from outside of europe so they can add their point of view to a discussion . 
  maybe i 'm wrong but all the milk at aldi , lidl , penny , is n't that esl milk ? 
  the debt was there before 2000 . it was just private debts that now got turned to public debts.same as in spain . 
  it was like that in germany not so lang ago . 
  maybe 10-15 years , but since then it 's hard to find fresh milk anymore . 
  sucks . 
  not that vibrant but the complete inner city is world cultural heritage . 
  the city is poor as greece though ... 
  as long as danmark does n't switch to [ panic mode ] ( http://satwcomic.com/border-control ) , 
  i was just responding to a question . 
  even in relation to berlins population it is by far the biggest receiver of the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich with more than 3 bil . 
  $ each year . 
  why does it need so much money ?
