  no one else is going to sell you gas below the market price and as long as you pay them they deliver . 
  we are their biggest customer and so far no reason to complain . 
  and yet we do n't rely on their gas . 
  we have gas reservoirs for several weeks in case we do n't get our gas . 
  russia is just cancelling the discounts on ukrainians gas and i ca n't really blame them . 
  ukraine should n't feel entitled for free gas, 
  you just have n't tried all these microcheeseries popping up all over the us . 
  but that 's the way germany does its diplomacy . 
  that 's the way it makes most sense for a country that relies on many trading partners be them in the west or the east . 
  that 's why we 're always the mediator . 
  are these russian troops or pro-russian troops ? 
  they video says pro-russian troops and the article says russian troops . 
  poland is just acting all tough knowing the us is backing them up . 
  it 's just a show for the voters . 
  counterproductive for diplomatic ways to solve it though . 
  on the other side there is a majority of russians in crimea . 
  and when the new government wanted to remove russian as official language and with the extreme right svoboda as part of the new cabinet it 's understandable when the crimean people do n't feel safe and move closer towards russia . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg just becomes german capital and everyone has to be happy with it . 
  and now that you mention breslau ... i 'd like that back too !, 
  you get berlin . 
  as long as poland does n't get k\u00f6nigsberg we 're fine . 
  they will become poorer anyway . 
  i think the new government is overestimating the support the eu and us will give them now that they 're in power . 
  they wo n't be better off economically . 
  they 'll lose most of their trade with russia , belarus and kazakhstan so either way ukraine is going to suffer . 
  they should be coordinated by someone neutral . 
  according to wiki more than 55 % of the people living on the krim are russians and only a fourth are ukrainians . 
  and they almost completely rely on russia economically . 
  it 's hardly surprising if they want to be a part of russia and ukraine should let them go if they want to ( at best in a democratic way ) . 
  that 's why we should leave the nato . 
  our military is only allowed to be used for defence therefore we should n't have been in afghanistan . 
  yeah and then comes a war along where some countries want to join and others do n't . 
  and then what ? 
  it 's not something where i 'd want the majority to decide . 
  i agree with the way we are dealing with it . 
  at least we can mediate and deescalate the situation . 
  boycotting g8 wo n't help the situation and that is a given fact and by doing so just to appeal to russian hating voters ( in the us , canada , poland ) is n't the way i 'd like to see my government work . 
  even if ukraine can keep crimea what 's the point when crimea loses all of their economic connections to russia . 
  it 's a one sided relation and without russia the people there will suffer and neither the eu or the us will foster them enough to make up for it . 
  i do n't understand why russia let it escalate when they could get crimea in a democratic process without pissing everyone off . 
  in that case you have more in common with russia than you might think, 
  if you make them better biathletes than the germans i 'll never forgive you, 
   edit : it is always funny for me how other westerners are firmly anti-usa , have an utter contempt for us foreign policy while literally living under their military umbrella ( and owe them security and peace for the last ~ 70 years ) coming from a country which allowed secret prisons on their territory . 
  i want them to get out . 
  same for the brits . 
  including ramstein . 
  all and everyone out . 
  i 'd rather have a swiss attitude towards this situation, 
  as if he had experienced that himself . 
  is n't it great how she can say so little with so many words ? 
  i did the same on my german essays, 
  why are they weirdos if they want to secede ? 
  is n't it understandable ? 
  i mean according to reddit and when you look at the last few years it really does n't matter at all who you vote for . 
  if you disagree with your government on so many topics would n't it be better to secede from the us ? 
  it 's your best option for a change in government . 
   customs officers used the term `` raus '' ( `` out '' ) which prompted him to `` remind them of the nazis terror reign in poland '' that 's either really retarded or polish humour i do n't understand . 
  let me just say it 's easier being a german in israel than in switzerland, 
   there is no state except bavaria that has a party only existing in one state . 
  what about the ssw ( danish minority ) in schleswig-holstein ? 
  it 's part of the coalition afterall, 
  i 'd prefer salzburg and innsbruch over vienna any day . 
  not that vienna is n't awesome it 's just not as charming, 
  it 's my guilty pleasure, 
  i do n't think that 'd be the best idea . 
  if you take them any options of surrendering or escaping you make them act even more relentlessly . 
  i 'd rather see him living peacefully in russia with millions on the bank than sacrificing the country along with him . 
  and / r/worldnews is already saying shit like that it 's not enough to impose sanctions and that we should deploy armies . 
  i do n't know what to think of this . 
  it reads as if this is a comparison for wealthy people and does n't apply for everyone else . 
  but i never had serious health issues so my knowledge in limited . 
  he was way better than steinmeier in that position . 
  i think people disliked him for his party even though he was rather silent about anything outside of his job as foreign minister . 
  i miss our close relations to russia . 
  merkel destroyed our good relations with them in notime . 
  and if you want to change russia for the better imo schr\u00f6ders way was smarter than merkels . 
  do n't alienate them and rather befriend them if you want to change them . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's from douglas adams, 
  scandinavia is much worse than ex-ussr in this regard . 
  they could have someone deaf on stage and would give him full points for it . 
  western europe is the least biased area . 
  you speak for yourself . 
  i love eurovision . 
  it 's so fun to watch and the best part comes at the end when i can get complain about those cunts of scandinavians giving points to each other while being butthur that austria and switzerland betray us once again . 
  honestly you sound so arrogant . 
  let people have different opinions than yours . 
  since klaipeda is l\u00fcbeck partner city i can honestly say that lithuanian men have on average no sense of fashion , no style and are just so far behind lithuanian women in almost every regard . 
  not before merkel retires . 
  and that 'll take a while . 
  so slovenia is germany with a different language . 
  got it, 
  and when you climb up to some hidden fortress on top of a mountain you might find some [ leftovers ] ( http://imgur.com/avhgucp ) . 
  really great country especially if you love outdoor activities . 
  edit : [ some more pictures ] ( http://imgur.com/a/0mauf ), 
  lahmacun is swedish ? 
  putin would be my +1 for an outdoor tour across russia . 
  since the end of the udssr who was worse in terms of military engagements and human rights abuse ? 
  russia or the usa . 
  i 'd say the usa, 
  they really think university only costs about 100-500 $ per semester without realising that its paid by taxes .
