  at least it 's mostly according to my own views . 
  there are some flaws in it , especially when it comes to superhero movies ( for example avengers has a 8.4 when it belongs in the range of 6 . x ) and you can easily see that mostly males rate the movies . 
  but the shawshank redemption is still # 1 and i 'm fine with that . 
  but depending on your genre of choice we do n't have that variety . 
  our countries are mostly to small to make a big budget movie . 
  i 'm jealous that your cinema offers that for a reasonable price . 
  nice to know that despite your wealth , you 're still dressed in bad quality ... 
  would n't a minimum wage increase the amount of black labor , especially from polish workers ? 
  i rather see it as an indicator of agreement for my comment ignoring reddiquette as i have n't backed it up with references . 
  but in this case i just do n't like or agree with sinns opinion on most matters . 
  this is widely know in germany as well . 
  do n't think we take his word for granted . 
  most of the answers for these questions vary from country to country and ca n't be easily answered . 
  there are cheap hostels at almost every city but during the tourist season you should make a reservation . 
  hitchhiking is safe though not always easy , especially in a group . 
  maybe you should check out http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interrail . 
  do n't really know where to begin the places i recommend . 
  every country has lots to offer from all i know . 
  switzerland and scandinavian countries are pretty expensive though . 
  nice that it 's being built in romania and czech republic . 
  good for their science reputation . 
  that is such a typical thing to say for a canadian . 
  it was a bad idea introduced with good intentions . 
  german food is awesome , everyone who disagrees just does n't know a lot about it . 
  i do n't know about you but i learned british english in school . 
  anways , have to go to the loo . 
  that also explains all those rich people around flensburg . 
   please sing [ 1 ] waka waka , this time for africa , it 's actually good !, 
  :d not enough vuvuzelas if you ask me . 
   i 'm not asking for malaria or dysentery nor am i asking for the saharan desert or for the congolese jungle , but with regards to geography and the climate , africa is much more appealing than europe . 
  not when you like wintersport . 
  i 'm a bit disappointed . 
  i thaught this could be the next couple the tabloids are all crazy about . 
  i want to come for a visit for your 100 independence day hoping it 'll be huge . 
  at times i like having distinguishable seasons but sometimes i wish it 'd be dryer in germany . 
  it must be hard to get used to our weather when you 're from somewhere with more sun hours . 
  neukauf has them . 
  rewe should have them too . 
   i think the numbers in germany wouldn \u00b4 t be much lower . 
  # of times i 've been swimming in the baltic sea in the last 2 years while i live within 30 minutes to the closest beach : 1 and napoleon said something along the lines : `` the germans have 6 months winter and 6 months without summer . 
  and they call that their fatherland/mother country . '', 
  if it was n't wrapped in newspaper it was n't authentic . 
  that needs confirmation of a brit though !, 
  more stairs :p, 
  british desserts are the best . 
  they 're to blame !, 
  i do n't think germany is far behind gb in this regard . 
  austria and switzerland are thinner but i think that has something to do with the mountains . 
  it 's not per se bad , it 's just not compatible to us . 
  is this true for the bigger cities in california as well ? 
  or just the bigger cities and the countryside is fine ? 
  in the last years we paid about +8 % - 15 % more each year ... this year it 's 17 % ... 
  germany has by far the highest number of doctor visits per person . 
  partly thanks to our elderly who need someone to talk to and do n't know what that costs to the society . 
  finally some good news . 
  now let 's try it again with more pressure . 
  i agree with the privatzation issues . 
  that 's also one of the reasons i have trust issues with the eu . 
  as a swiss you 're better off than the rest of us though ( except norwegians ) . 
  now enlighten us with your inside knowledge and your references in this regard . 
  this is as depressing as it can get because no political party admits that our society is about to collapse . 
  in 10 years i 'll probably be living in a secured neighborhood to feel safe ... 
  i 'm glad i do n't live in your world, 
  i think germany already crossed that line . 
  what a great idea adding eastern european countries to the schengen area before they could catch up to us ... 
  with 2 trillions in debt i 'd say we 're already bankrupt . 
  but sooo much space and soo many resources . 
  that country will prosper for forever . 
  i suddenly feel threatened by canada ... 
  nope , but was close to the border . 
  their pricing system is still as worst as it can get . 
  if i want to drive from hamburg to flensburg by train it costs about 28 $ . 
  when i drive alone or i buy a schleswig-holstein ticket ( sort of a regional ticket that allows me to drive as much as i want on that day ) for 26 $ and i could take up to 4 other people for a 2 $ extra for each person . 
  2 $ price gap ... 
  i 'd love to know the datas from the last 12 years . 
  or at least from 2012 to compare them with 2009 . 
  the downturn would be interesting . 
  understandably , i would n't care about a crowd that portrays me as hitler either . 
  and this would happen ( according to die zeit ; article in german ) http://www.zeit.de/wirtschaft/2012-11/deutschland-euro-austritt, 
  coming from a brit , i feel honored . 
  when it happens remember that i 'll understand . 
  no hard feelings ... it 's not your fault . 
  but him being an american economists makes it hard for many people to trust him on european matters . 
  where did you get that from ?!? 
  if you can leave a totalitarian dictatorship and another country is nice enough to let you in be at least thankful for that . 
  please do n't put words in my mouth . 
  how are you supposed to be happy or have a better life in a country with a culture you do n't like ? 
  on a related matter : dear danes , i 'm sorry that cars are incredible expensive in your country . 
  that said , you ca n't drive cars . 
  driving a car in flensburg is threatening my life every other day . 
  whats the point in moving to a country you do n't like in the first place ? 
  and if you come to a country as a refugee and had no other option you should at least be grateful that they let you in . 
   germans dig holes in the sand , really big deep holes . 
  sometimes , they need to be rescued from the hole because they can not get out !, 
  that 's actually a ww1 reenactment, 
  i doubt that they are that polular . 
  never got to knew one . 
  i have 3 big freezers ( not all of them running throughout the year ), 
  it 's organic meat and i pay about 5 $ / kilo ( without bones and unnecessary stuff ) . 
  i buy that from a farmer with a few other people from the family so we split up the cow/pig among us ( farmer is a friend of the family ),
