  funny that youre on their side when they fucked up mostly brits when they defaulted . 
  you cant just set up unregulated banks to get some cheap money and then say fuck off and default . 
  it was a dick move by iceland and i hope it backfires for them at one point . 
  but why is the euro to blame for this ? 
  so i finally outed myself as one of those who barely check the full sources ... in my defence , the movie was pretty boring from start . 
  is n't that just an air force machine ? 
  and is n't cyprus being used as a hub for the us military ? 
  air force one should be in israel atm for all i know . 
  i 'd rather compare it with half the way what the us was like during mid-bush era . 
  no cyprete ( cyprote ? ), 
  will trust another bank in the slightest for the foreseeable future . 
  i 've never been there but the only one left for me that i want to visit is tomorrowland in belgium . 
  if only tickets would n't be so hard to get . 
  but it 's not your kind of music i guess . 
  you lack `` resteessen '' cooking skills . 
  you better do n't check `` die welt '' comments, 
  we smoke more than the chinese ? 
  that is hard to believe, 
  do n't ask me . 
  i 'm against mass immigration from that area . 
   however , \u015een said some 55,000 or 65,000 people per year are expected to return to turkey in the future if equal employment requirements are not met . 
  that 'll be a problem when so many young turks do n't even finish their school or graduate on the lowest level . 
  i mean i agree it 's probably harder finding a job as a turk but unlike other immigration groups they just do n't value education on the same level . 
  not really fair to ask a german the question if it is a good or bad thing to respect authority . 
  last time we did that we overextended it for quite a bit therefore we learned our lesson and are less humble towards someone to be respected . 
  tea  coffee darjeeling on the other hand ... not my cup of tea, 
  i was baffled when i realised that there are people who can eat that day after day after day . 
  it 's soo boring and bland . 
  whats wrong with daria domracheva this season ? 
  surprise anschluss is my favourite denglish phrase . 
  deal with it . 
   few generations down the line you have them more integrated germany failed at integrating turkish people before . 
  if only heinz erhardt movies had been dubbed . 
  and it 's delicious . 
  / r/germany called it the german sushi . 
  with some cold butter and chopped onions and salt and pepper . 
  delicious . 
  we eat raw pork on a daily basis , what harm could some dough do . 
  stop it !, 
  i 'm still mad that you had 24 \u00b0 c on christmas !, 
  you 're probably still sunburned you bloodysoutheners . 
  this weather makes me to melodramatic to downvote you anyway . 
  what 's the point !, 
  * sigh *, 
  bavarians always get confused when you greet them with `` moinmoin '' or `` moin '' . 
  they honestly believe it means `` guten morning / good morning '' . 
  mfw they reply with `` guten morgen '' at 16.00, 
  with our fertility rate we should be excluded from battle !, 
  i think its funny when one troll meets his counterpart, 
  svalbardians pities you southeners !, 
  except that the rest of the country pays for berlin while london pays for the rest of the country ( exaggerated ), 
  i know berlin is n't the most beautiful city but it 's not that ugly . 
  and i 'm one of the germans who really dont like their capital . 
  seconded . 
  i also wanted to suggest / u/aschebescher but your comment is the perfect example why that would be difficult, 
  2 pictures with carriages in one article . 
  now people think they do n't have cars in romania ... 
  it 's overrated, 
  in terms of american / r/europe subscribers / u/davidreiss666 would also be fitting, 
  why should i. if anyone is bitching and moaning about german movies it 's me . 
  german movies are most often so incredible boring . 
  our directors think that when 2 people stare at each other in silence it makes it deep while i fall asleep . 
  just say congrats to uk and austria . 
  i nominate / u/krattr as he does n't really have an agenda , contributes good posts and threads and seems to be neutral . 
  it 's easier to change a system in a small country like iceland . 
  i mean everyone knows basically someone who knows the president . 
  he 's a prussian in disguise, 
  with a prospering poland i may can keep my bike for more than 1-2 years . 
  sugar of course !, 
  with all their debts ? 
  i doubt you can afford it . 
  at least we ca n't ... but that does n't matter for berlin . 
  poor but sexy is their slogan and they life by it with a passion similar to what carneval is for rio . 
  you put butter on popcorn !, 
  i 'm still not sure if i should salute you for your compassion about that or turn away in disgust . 
  same with salty popcorn . 
  wtf people ... sheeps do lick on stones to get salt and that is more civil than salty popcorn . 
  same in australia and new zealand . 
  they either eat that sort of oatmeal ( what 's the brand again ? ), 
  that looks like horsefood or bread where you nead a whole loaf of to be full . 
  and nutella for 5 $ per glass . 
  i felt homesick from start . 
  not a healthy breakfast though . 
  but a good white bread with poppy seeds and some 5 \u00b0 c cold butter with a slice of salmon ... * mmmh *, 
  but what if you like your butter cold ? 
  i always made a carnage out of my bread because the butter was to hard and the bread was as soft as a babys cheek making it almost impossible to use butter, 
  replace it with labskaus and it 's stays correct . 
  it never occured to me that there are societies where this is n't mandatory . 
  world is batshit crazy, 
  but ours is bigger !!!, 
  you could at least try to be less dominating in biathlon . 
  this year it 's boring with berger never making any mistake ... she is a robot on the track, 
  being called smug by a ** canadian ** ... on reddit ?!? 
  every restaurant did that . 
  i need subtitles for that shaun/shawn guy . 
  so i did it all wrong all these years . . 
  but they have to work in accounting . 
  there are chinese mine workers who have more fun at work . 
  moaning about everything you say ... you ca n't be more german than that . 
  french girl speaking german .
