  that 's seems like some ubermutti complex . 
  feels like summer is here . 
  my garden is doing great , already worried what i 'll do with all these zucchinis even when i 'll give most of them away to neighbours , family and friends . 
   they have a higher rate of entrepreneurship . 
  they are young and need less education cost , they are `` ready to work '' ( not always true ) . 
  they are not entitled to a lot of benefit , pay taxes and if they are entitled are less likely to ask them ( lack of knowledge ) . 
  lel , ca n't believe there are still people this much in denial . 
  i hope you 're a muslim yourself so your point makes some sense . 
  their entrepreneurial spirit is desperation because with their education they 'll never get any decent job so they fall back on making arab food , barbershops or sisha lounges so they can at least earn some money by washing it or by dodging taxes ( and tbh same applies for any of these sort of businesses even when they 're not run by those kind of people ) . 
  refugees still receive a lot of the benefits any national gets maybe 10 % less and paying taxes ... oh please you ca n't be that retarded ...  finally if the migrant is highly educated new strength for the workforce . 
  maybe you dreamers are europes biggest problem, 
  basically no one is going back . 
  there are a number of ways for them to stay here legally and if these do n't work they just stay here illegal . 
  it 'll be worse here . 
  same in germany . 
  recently a multicultural kindergarten opened ( 2 years ago ) . 
  by now it 's basically a middle eastern/african kindergarten with 2 german kids, 
  all of the above never let in poor uneducated muslims in insane numbers or are succesfull because of doing so ( sweden and switzerland are n't successful because they let muslims come in ) . 
  and it 's mainly muslims that are causing problem when it comes to multicultural societies . 
  there is not a country in europe where they 're not amongst the bottom of statistics about successful integration, 
  are n't expats usually wealthy and often pensioners who just want to enjoy their life somewhere else and are no burden on their new home even though they often make no effort integrating ? 
  here in schleswig-holstein schulz and his retarded party got fucked . 
  liberals which i voted for won big along with merkels party and now it 'll probably result in a coalition with cdu ( merkel ) + fdp ( liberals ) + gr\u00fcne ( greens ) . 
  i do n't see how that is supposed to work since the greens are against a lot of the stuff the other 2 want . 
  dangerous for the greens when they let the other 2 get away with a lot . 
  hopefully more rejected refugees and asylum seekers will get deported now ( afghans amongst others ), 
  so happy with the results . 
  finally some common sense is coming back to s-h . 
  into the abyss maybe . 
  why would the fdp commit suicide by joining such a coalition ? 
  also thankfully kubicki already said that ampel is not an option . 
   i have the feeling that our green-party is relatively pragmatic center-left how are they center ? 
  she 'll probably make a comeback in a year or two with her own party . 
  there is still a gab to close between the cdu and the afd and no party has an answer on how to deal with muslim immigration . 
  not really . 
  for example 2 weeks ago when that picture of the dead kid was in every newspaper . 
  that kid most likely did n't die due to israeli fire and was rather killed by a kassaam rocket ( which are n't really precise to begin with ) from the hamas . 
  when the palestinian centre for human rights examinated the scene all rocket part have already been removed and they said that nothing indicated an israeli airstrike attack . 
  yet israel got blamed for that one . 
  though this only seems to be possible if you 're a student at a university . 
  if we do n't spend it on our own , they take care for that just as good , 
  germans have quite some money . 
  it 's just that our saving ratio is pretty strong . 
  i have no strong feelings one way or the other and that is why i do n't understand why we are so moderate emotional . 
  that 'll damage the danish-german relationship :p, 
  is there any other redditor living further in the north than you ? 
  do you get tanned by aurora borealis ? 
  i want to go fishing where you live, 
  just in time for weihnachtsmarkt . 
  heyheyhey , i doubt only german redditors are downvoting everyone who speaks against pirates . 
  just because i 'm german and browse reddit regularly and am in a certain age pattern does n't mean i sympathise with the pirates . 
  i do n't . 
  it 's easy to spot mistakes . 
  it 's harder to do something about it . 
  the other parties are at least trying . 
  you ca n't say the same about the pirates . 
  typical pirate party answer : `` bew\u00e4hret den anf\u00e4ngen '' ... paranoid idiots . 
  even after this weekend the pirate party still has no position rearding the euro crisis . 
  so it 's not important ? 
  yeah cold war and stuff . 
  simpler times ... 
  i was more suprised that there is a lot of collaboration between europe and japan . 
  i hope it ends like the polish highway that got `` build '' by the chinese and greenland learns its lesson . 
  in germany we just say tschechien . 
  but we are a bit idiotic in that regard as we are also a country with a name only used by 2 other countries who speak the same language . 
  yep , even though i think that it 's a good thing for us germans , do n't rely on us at any point in the foreseeable future on delicate foreign matters . 
  we 'll only support israel when shtf but besides that nothing outside of europe is our business . 
  we rebuild and give aid at best . 
  i got that joke . 
  i feel special . 
  i still do n't like it that you insulted the german language . 
  but ok , even mark twain was n't able to get a grasp on it . 
  i know that song from ultima ix ... 
  secret ? 
  in germany they could enter the bundestag without a security check until last year . 
  berlin is shithole of corruption that there is a lobby tour for tourists . 
  exchange them with placebos !, 
  is that an offer ? 
  we use a crisis so more people come to germany for work !, 
  wow . 
  i 'm paying 10 $ to brussel for administration . 
  seems a bit much . 
  and why is poland getting such a huge chunk of the money ? 
  do n't . 
  joke . 
  around . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ apparently, 
  this has been posted 2 weeks ago and btw . 
  why is every german dressed in a bavarian dress . 
  they 're beatiful and all but nobody wears them in most parts of germany . 
  that is not part of our anthem . 
  it 's part of the deutschlandlied and even in that song it 's only meant that germany should be above all in a situation of defense and resistance and not that germans are better than everyone else . 
  anyways i know you 're not being serious , 
  it is , but it 's also pretty obvious . 
  so many flaws , a boring bland villain , plotholes at every 2nd scene and bad acting by some of the crew ( scarlett amongst others ) . 
  and predictable jokes . 
  i liked the movie it was a good popcorn movie but i think those movies should n't be on a best movie of all time list . 
  i guess i misunderstood the posting . 
  for clarification that was sarcasm was n't it ? 
  i agree .
