you 're overestimating polish influence on danzig pre ww2 . 
  for most of the time poles were a minority in danzig . 
  and nordic mannerism originated in the netherlands but they were n't the only ones who built it all around the baltic sea . 
  it was never only german either though . 
  4 billions and even though it 's not their business they produce better videos than our national broadcasting ... 
  and instantly i was worried about the girl . 
  honestly all esa videos have way to little views . 
  they put in so much effort in their youtube channel and it does n't pay off . 
  maybe europeans are n't that interested in space or americans do n't care about anything in space if it does n't relate to nasa . 
  i just feel sorry for the guys behind the channel . 
  they 're doing such a great job and it does n't get rewarded accordingly . 
  best marcipane in the world , biggest red brick building in the world , queen of the motherfucking hanse ! , best herring of the baltic sea . 
  yep we are basically and by a large margin the best city at the baltic sea . 
  no offense but your taste is completely different to 99.5 % of the population . 
  who in their right mind would prefer the first ugly as fuck building to the the second . 
  you 're like the antichrist of everything that pleasures the eyes . 
  they ca n't even remember how to draw schleswig anymore, 
  it 's ugly and for a railway station it certainly lacks a welcoming vibe . 
  instead it 's cold and super functional while still cheap . 
  like everything in todays architecture . 
  does n't has to last long as long as it 's ugly as fuck , `` modern '' , cheap and energy efficient ( the only upside ) . 
  what happened to our once beautiful hanseatic cities all around the baltic sea ... one abomination after another we ruin them ... 
  add some bad graffitis so you can imagine how ugly it will really look like . 
  then they should n't have signed treaties saying otherwise . 
  and they ruined lots of normal folks out of all their savings . 
  for all i care the eu could have gone full cuba on them in the early years after the crisis . 
  about kiel ... we 'd have to put it down for good . 
  that abomination of a once beautiful city needs to be dealt with in drastic ways . 
  l\u00fcbeck and flensburg will get all the attention . 
  it 's either hamburg or schleswig-holstein . 
  you ca n't have both . 
  we dont want to have anything to do with these southern yuppies who can not into baltic pride . 
  and reestablish the hanse !, 
  ca n't you start with your last point ? 
  but no hamburg please, 
  easy when you do n't oblige to your treaties after shit happens . 
  iceland got away way to easy for the shit they 've done . 
  that 's only 300mio off . 
  if it 's not at least a billion it 's basically on target here in germany . 
  oh please if it 's a competition who wastes the most money on these kind of things we 're miles ahead of you lot . 
  we have the elbphilharmonie , the new berliner airport and hundreds of other projects which will costs at least 5x of the intended amount . 
  and it 's uglier . 
  looks as charming as ausschwitz in autumn, 
  $ 350 million for that seems kind of a good price . 
  berlin could manage to waste 5 billion on just the parking lot after 15years of construction, 
  terrible roi though, 
  that tech sector only exists because of their tax policies, 
  more questions about how europeans view other countries like russia , china , usa , etc. 
  and a question about how tough the eu should be on illegal immigrants ( maybe even with a comment box ), 
  i think it 's the cheap alcohol, 
  these palettes look good . 
  they 're about 10 $ each or even more when they 're in decent quality ( which they seem to have otherwise you could n't stack them so good ) . 
  free ride ? 
  i thaught we 're paying good money for electricity we need at peak hours, 
   `` nuclear power bad '' , `` no , nuclear power good '' argument that 's been played out to death a hundred times in this subreddit . 
  try to be against nuclear in the main subs ... isis terrorist are loved compared to nuclear critics ( not so slightly exaggerated ) :d, 
  i think the converts are just the really extreme idiots that 's why they go crazy more often but overall they 're not anywhere close to a majority of the radical islamists . 
  citation needed . 
  i 've seen one convert personally and that they put converts like sven lau into the spotlight makes sense if you want to attract other idiots . 
   however most of the is supporters are german citizens that 's also being said every single time but i do n't think it 's true . 
  only 45 % of all muslims living in germany have citizenship . 
  http://www.deutsche-islam-konferenz.de/dik/de/magazin/lebenswelten/zahlmld/daten-und-fakten1-hidden-node.html it 's most likely that a sizeable portion of these criminals do not have a german passport and i really doubt that anyone has to leave this country for what they did there ... 
  what happened to the other thread ? 
  it was n't just me who liked it . 
  i expected it to be in the top 10 . 
  i think he did better than you 'd expect from his past . 
  when you 're catholic is n't it a communion and protestants have a confirmation ? 
  at best they 're average citizens like the rest of us only `` saving '' us from overaging ( a limited problem that lasts for 2-3 generations ) . 
  at worst they 're draining resources for all their life and their childrens childrens life while harming our society . 
  we could just attract more asian immigrants from thailand , vietnam , china , etc. 
  and would n't have to deal with any of the problems african/arabic immigrants bring along with them . 
  i prefer to eat liver with apple sauce, 
  normal people would n't be anle to afford going to norway for the olympics anyway . 
  so it 's good they didnt get it, 
  still not the worst by quite a margin, 
  all before her that i 've witnessed were just as bad if not much worse . 
  that job kills you as politician in germany, 
  good for nothing hipsters . 
  whatever they try they always fail . 
  it 's true, 
  i can only approve if that means they focus less hard on biathlon for a while . 
  2014/15 worldcup champion miri g\u00f6ssner dream alive & real in germany ^ ^ srslynotsrsly, 
  i watched it for the most parts and i was wrong . 
  it is balanced and for the most parts worth the watch . 
  how is it balanced when everyone has a big interest in ttip to happen ? 
  a debate and they disable comments for it ... 
  i 'm not thinking in big terms like the us does where they send air craft carrier in desaster areas . 
  but i think we could do more when it comes to catastrophes . 
  but how is that new ? 
  we 're in both for quite a while already . 
  i agree we ca n't act like switzerland yet but if we 'd drop out of nato ( as we should anyway due to our constitution and not fulfilling the 2 % requirement ) we could reduce the army a bit more . 
   and you plan to project power to defend the baltics/scandinavia not our job if we 'd leave nato . 
  securing safe trade routes is something most countries participate in so it is n't as if we have to do it all by ourselves and humanitarian interventions only after a natural desaster and not 24/7 for every conflict zone in the world . 
  it 's still one government less spying on you . 
  i would appreciate if my government would do the same, 
  of course they 're to blame for it as well but i agree with the criticism of our army . 
  i mean what 's the point in spending 2 % if you do n't use it , are only allowed to use the army defensively anyway and only really need it to secure safe trade routes . 
  we have no former colonies to protect or profit of an increase in american influence on the world so for all i care we can leave nato and focus more on fast humanitarian aid worldwide and securing trade routes, 
   as right now i see germany being on the wrong side of the history again you ca n't be on the wrong side of history when you do nothing . 
  took us a while to learn that valuable lesson from the swiss,
