  if you blame him for what stalin fucked up i suggest you take a better look at what marx wrote . 
  not that i think he belongs on a bill , we have others for that but at that time everyone was an antisemite . 
  like your list , i 'd change feuerbach with goethe though . 
  marx was pretty much a good guy ( not so much as a husband ) . 
  he was n't evil or bad though . 
  it 's not his fault that it did n't work . 
  comparing hitler with marx is just idiotic . 
  is ... is it a sartire party ? 
  i 'm never quite sure if you really do n't mean it . 
  i mean we 're referred to as piefkes in austria . 
  schleswig holstein is basically denmark , just poor but with better drivers . 
  so what 's your plan ? 
  and btw.german politician are n't smart enough to pull that off anyways , they ca n't even properly fake their own dissertations ... and a bit to much conspiracy theory . 
  the baltics are really weird in that regard . 
  stunning women on every corner but the guys ca n't keep up with it and do n't seem to care ( that was my impression of klaipeda ) . 
  i suppose most articles about iceland are in german . 
  seems weird though . 
  namibia makes sense and south america maybe due to many germans still living there . 
  but for some countries a heavy contributor to wiki can make a difference . 
  if i have to see berlusconis face one more time in the news besides on his day of death i 'll give up on italy completely . 
  i was n't serious . 
  and it was a reference to brent crude oil price which is usually above the other oil grades ( quality and price ), 
  russians are way more european than turks . 
  in every regard . 
  history , society , culture, 
  maybe partly because polands shares a border with germany, 
  we are buying your overpriced oil afterall . 
  i only doubt that you learned it today . 
  thaught that was common knowledge , especially within / r/europe . 
  siemens is known for corruption throughout it 's history . 
  ok , i have to ask . 
  what is moonshine ? 
  you did n't learn that today . 
  measuring corruption will always be vague . 
  for 2012 they changed their measure methods making this one not comparable to the past . 
  and it 's probably the best corrupion index out there . 
  i 've never been to frankfurt , is it really that boring ? 
  i lived in auckland for quite a while and it should n't deserve to be within the top 100 cities with the best quality of life . 
  no fucking way . 
  the city is ugly , way to widespread and with a bad infrastructure . 
  also , there is a reason why the rest of new zealand calls aucklanders jafa ( just another fucking aucklander ) ... and you ca n't get good internet there . 
  cologne & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; you guys are weird . 
  and not only during carneval, 
  she definitely deserved the raise . 
  what a commitment to the company . 
  you should add : * do n't wear a cap or take it off while speaking to people ( only exception is a hot summer day ) * close your mouth while chewing . 
  i know a lot of americans do n't do it and it shows that you have no manners . 
  and good luck learning german !, 
  only if you marry into a jewish family ( do n't know if it only works if you marry a jewish women or if you can marry a jewish men and become jewish ) or if your mother is jewish . 
  except judaism . 
  maybe because they understand the bible in a historical context . 
  you know , like most religious people . 
  it does n't imply all what you mean when you talk about heimat . 
  it 's the same in english . 
  they lacked the word for heimat and took the german . 
  america has completely different type of illegals . 
   do n't mistake it for real hate if only ... it 's not as bad as switzerland but it 's not just banter and often it is pretty real, 
  fitting that a stolen worldcup is your proudest moment ^ ^ no ^ ^ butthurt ^ ^ ^ ^ yes ^ ^ ^ ^ little ^ ^ ^ ^ butthurt, 
  girl of the day has been cancelled years ago, 
   for example marie le pen in france might get votes because of the refugee/migrant crisis , but she wants france to leave the euro . 
  after the last few months leaving the eu and the euro does n't sound stupid to me . 
  they forgot the to . 
  its allah anbeten and not beten allah . 
  i begin to understan why austrians dont like us, 
  maybe its different in southern german but in northern germany i 'd agree with him, 
  hmm ... depends on how you look at it . 
  they have their areas of expertise on which a large amount of them rely on to have an income . 
  mainly barbershops and d\u00f6nerplaces . 
  culturally it probably depends on the region/city . 
  i 'd say worse than any other group where i live and from my experience growing up . 
  there was a turkish football youth club that always ended up starting trouble after losing and nightclubs would n't let many turkish looking people in or otherwise risking to lose customers . 
  but its getting better . 
  it was worse a decade ago though, 
  you go denmark !, 
  you should also suspend schengen . 
  ca n't trust your southern neighbour anymore . 
   we 're not very good at it it works great with basically any other group, 
  so naive to even think that this is still a european issue . 
  germany and sweden put it on themselves , now let them deal with it, 
  you 're argument lacks some aspects you 'd have to take into consideration . 
  how are they distributed within the country when they all live in the big cities that would increase their regional representation by quite a bit and the number might increase by quite a bit due to family reunification . 
  i 'm not saying that even then that would cause problem but your view on it is to simple . 
  i do n't expect the situation to get better . 
  but for now i can somewhat support my government with their decision . 
  when they do n't come up with a longterm solution i either emigrate or vote for a party that has a plan . 
  well to be honest they have a reputation . 
  i would n't go into a nightclub that gets frequented by lots of turks and i do n't know anyone who would . 
  teenager me learned that the hard way . 
  and the clubs know it and act on it to not lose their profitable customers . 
  what 's up with moroccans ? 
  why are there so many lunatics amongst them ? 
  i thaught it was one of the better shitholes of africa, 
  i 'm ok with it . 
  as long as this is only temporary and not for the next couple of years . 
  this year must be an exception and not becoming the norm . 
  i just hope they integrate as easily as the iranians, 
  that 's a tough ramadan, 
  it 's none of germanys business on how other countries deal with the refugee crisis and german politicians do n't know enough about these countries to tell them what their society can handle . 
  thanks to people like you this wont stop . 
  i do n't think you 'll have the same results with people from eritrea .
