  i ca n't believe they allowed him to speak there ... 
  we call it alster . 
  but there is a border in germany where you have to say radler as soon as you cross it http://www.zumsel.de/alster_radler/alster-radler_ergebnis.pdf, 
  i do n't blame lanz for it . 
  it was shit when gottschalk hosted it as well . 
  - no beaches - no fat people in most parts ( which surprises me when they have germkn\u00f6del ) - were good at wintersport in the past . 
  currently they fall short of expectations ( at least in the important classic disciplines ) - cordoba 1978 ... - not very friendly toward germans - nice mountains - nice rivers ( inn amonst others ) - they really like basements ... 
  meanwhile it has n't been raining in northern germany for almost 2 weeks . 
  my garden is doing wonderful this year !, 
  ours are the original ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ better !, 
  you overestimate the common berliner . 
  they see it as their job to put germany to shame . 
  because apparently germans and especially berliners love to cheer for a charismatic f\u00fchrer ... 
  read a song of ice and fire . 
  and of course berliner will be cheering for him and call him saint ... who allowed him to speak in front of the brandenburg gate anyway ... 
  problem is that you ca n't have an easy way out with these . 
  you 're stucked with them . 
  foreigners are different if they abuse our system we should be able to throw them out . 
   seriously , how many terrorism attacks are they gon na stop by saying in their citizens ? 
  you do n't know that . 
  you do n't know how many terror attacks never happen due to the big us spyconglomerate . 
  if you 're one of those who cheer when the plane lands i 'd like to be seated somewhere far away . 
  it 's a southern problem . 
  nobody likes it here in northern germany and we avoid it like a vampire avoids garlic . 
  and they do n't even like licorice in the south !, 
  weird people there . . 
  depends on when you 've been here it has changed for the worse in the last 13 years . 
  still better than anywhere i 've ever been though . 
  my favourite bread for `` kaffeezeit '' . 
  with loads of butter it 's such a treat . 
  you southeners always ruin a fine bread with k\u00fcmmel ( caraway ) though . 
  you ca n't really run over anyone with that truck . 
  only in reverse gear . 
   ironically , the only people who want to restrict what kind of crops farmers can plant is anti-gmo activists . 
  you forgot everyone who is worried about the impact of monocultures on the environment . 
  as it is now we get milked by everyone . 
  first the retarded greens came up with all the green shit and fostered that industry with billions by the cost of us and now our industry ca n't be competitive with that green energy and needs to be supported by our money as well . 
  everybody wins except for 80 million people who paid probably hundreds of billions for a few minor accomplishments . 
  to support our local alcoholic culture we 'd get extra tax breaks for it . 
  we pull a uk on the nordic union . 
  is it too late to play our victim-card by reminding you of 1618-1648 ? 
  and germany has a danish minority in their parliament which receives special treatment . 
  schleswig-holstein wants that for the nordic union . 
  otherwise we steal your herring to ruin your economy . 
  i 'd be so offended if we would n't be part of it in any way . 
  they should n't forget that we 're in control of cheap booze and coffee . 
  but no hamburg please . 
  schleswig-holstein was part of kalmar union . 
  we demand to be part of this aswell . 
  so can you speak k\u00f6lsch ? 
  i blame sweden . 
  worst scandinavian country ever !, 
  i was raised with struwelpeter and max & moritz . 
  i knew the concept of breaking the rules results in painful death . 
  when my siblings and me were little my mother always hoped that those people get hit by car to set an example on why not to do it . 
  and she said that to the person jaywalking . 
  l\u00fcbeck was once bigger and more important than hamburg . 
  we were the queen of the hanse and the most important city for trading in northern europe !, 
  today we 're probably even poorer than berlin . 
  that 's my motivation to learn crusader kings 2 so i can rule europe from l\u00fcbeck . 
  it 's resteverwertung, 
  it 's not like germany had a summer the last 2 years ... it was always one hot weak and the rest was rather cold . 
  or because they have to life amongst immigrants, 
  for me iceland is a scandinavian country . 
   beautiful , touching and vibrant literature ( often inspired by point 2 ) . 
  it will survive to the rise of english language ? 
  scandinavian thrillers are boring . 
  there , said it !, 
  i do n't care that or why this fishermen in j\u00f6nk\u00fcpl\u00e4k\u00f6r got killed by his stepsons mistress . 
  and i certainly do n't need a 20 page introduction to the crime which describes nothing but a rainy and foggy coast at 5pm . 
  nice country for kayaking ( though limited to summer ) . 
  nice fishing and everyone is allowed to fish . 
  in minor cases you can bribe them with alcohol . 
  and they have more famous actors and singers than germany and that by a clear margin . 
  and their coolest person is [ g\u00fcnther ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eygltt4b3o ), 
  we just have to make a link from our awesome sausages to our awesome `` sausages '' . 
  techno viking we may need you once more . 
  and than you have this one chinese exchange student who just has to watch his porn in 1080p dl ... 
  what about sealand !, 
  and germany lost the champions league final . 
  a sad day for almost all of us . 
  and tomorrow we have to suffer from even more under our stucked up fellas in the south :(, 
  be a good brit and cheer for the underdog . 
  cheer for bvb . 
  i 'd consider russia to be european . 
  their important cities st. petersburg and moscow are in europe and their cultural orientation is european for most russians . 
  i 'd never speak english on home soil unless the other person does n't speak german or when the company language is english . 
  that they have shitty neighbours in the south and east and that they are pretty solid in the eurovision song contest . 
  you ca n't find good sausage outside of europe . 
  you just ca n't . 
  especially not in the anglosphere . 
   europe you will pay , [ ** fantastic 4 ** ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/static/managed/img/entertainment/2010/fantasticfour.jpg ) are on their way . 
  they 're not that important as voters because most of them do n't have a german passport . 
  and of those who have one most do n't vote for any party anyways . 
  those 2 probably doubled the number of fatal shots by policemen for 2013 . 
   as can be seen , evidence is available to support a variety of opinions about mozart 's nationality . 
  thus , he was austrian because the town in which he was born and raised is now located in austria . 
  [ 38 ] he was german because he felt himself to be german , and because the residual and moribund empire that included salzburg was labeled as and felt to be german . 
  [ 39 ] he was neither austrian nor german because salzburg was independent , neither part of the habsburg austrian possessions nor part of a ( yet to exist ) german nation-state . 
  [ 40 ] so all of us and no one can be happy .
