  truth is other drivers do n't even realise how bad they drive . 
  ask any dutch you pick up on the sidestrip on how they ended up there ... it 's always someone else at fault just because they ca n't read warning signs or keep control of their vehicle . 
  tl ; dr : obvious propaganda piece with an anti-german-driving agenda . 
  check formula 1 worldcup titles of the last 20 years ... that 's enough proof germans are genetically best drivers in all of yurop and world, 
  meh to much of an hashtag outcry . 
  do n't really see the problem but whatever keeps people busy i guess ... 
  i question turkeys data on turkish citizens fighting or supporting isis . 
  as a neighbouring country i think it 's just impossible for them to know the real amount of these people, 
  absolutely not . 
  i think back in the 60-80 's she was n't that hypocritical and insane, 
  my mum was so disappointed . 
  she liked her for her good work in the past but the last decade left its mark and now tax evasion ... that 's unexcusable for her . 
  well ... there 's still helene, 
  i like the lyrics of b but not the melody . 
  a had some nice and horrible parts . 
  c is shit and d is boring . 
  e until 1:10 is great but the rest is meh . 
  i 'd chose f. lyrics are good and the melody is ok . could have left out `` schweiz , mein land ich liebe dich '' and replaced it with something better though some more old fashioned phrase that means the same or something, 
  but what if you become good at sports at some point in the future ? 
  i agree . 
  `` wer hat uns verraten sozialdemokraten '' is a phrase of wording that exist for a reason, 
  ttip is bad . 
  that 's depressing especially compared to almost any other city or place in norway, 
  but ie and icq ? 
  should be firefox, 
  that victim complex is hilarious . 
  its all like buhuhuh brits and italians hate americans . 
  lel italy law system remember when they jailed le scientist ?!? 
  ( which made completely sense but these retards only repeat shit from reddit circlejerks about it ) . 
  cant wait for the / r/shitamericanssay thread about it . 
  problem is that you hardly get the number of members a network site needs to grow from its own . 
  that price is highly misleading . 
  it 's the basic version without any extras . 
  just adding the reinforced bristles and price is already doubled, 
  but let 's be real . 
  the steward or stewardess wo n't see it coming . 
  it 's not like they go into the cockpit and expect the worst to happen when they know the captain and done that processure hundred of times . 
  that 's just my opinion but i think germans are pretty narcissistic and also extremely pessimistic about the future so that they rather have few or no children for one of these reasons . 
  and i 'm do n't think that this will change so soon . 
  as long as the politicians do n't see it as a reason to open the border for another wave of unskilled immigrants i do n't think it 's that bad for the future generations but for me it 'll be problematic, 
  winner gets poland, 
  interesting . 
  these days it 's hard to believe that this number was at some point at 50 % . 
  it was n't that different before 9/11 . 
  now on dmax . 
  the seriously truly honestly most dangerous job of the world . 
  watch these 10 idiots on a boat complain about their chef , boast about their badass job and behave like 13year olds . 
  it 's like some hillbilly love show . 
  it disgusts you but has that special entertaining appeal to it, 
   a few foreign ministers would also no longer want to be seen with reynders and refuse to meet him any more . 
  haha i really doubt that . 
  maybe swedens foreign minister, 
  you ca n't drive . 
  which makes you even more similar to the dutch, 
  pro or anti dany ? 
  you 're done with all the fantheories of / r/asoiaf ? 
  is n't it awesome ? 
  my favourite work of french literature . 
  [ link to trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqutapwjxno ) looks interesting but that fedora ... ugh, 
  ca n't blame me for all of them . 
  i often do n't bother with up or downvoting . 
  in this case it was just annoying that the source links to `` recent data '' and when you click it it 's just another article without any data, 
  overall it 's good but i do n't like bayerns dominance and their hypocrisy towards the league . 
  and that italy has as many worldcups as us . 
  that is unacceptable to our self-conception, 
  i downvoted it because the source is shit . 
  instead of linking to the actual data it links to another article repeating most of it . 
  impossible to check the methodology, 
  russia , france , germany in that order . 
  the anthem of the gdr would be second after russias if it were still in use . 
  brits have the candidates for great anthems but their current anthem kind of sucks, 
  maybe he feels more british by being anti-europe . 
   sports  the private channels can do that better are you fucking kidding me ? 
  fuck that . 
  sport on private channels is the horror . 
  and satire is good because you like it and says it 's educational ( satire as part of grundversorgung ?!? 
  are you kidding me ?!, 
  ) but of course that does n't apply to all the stuff you do n't like . 
  i agree that there is lot of waste but you would ruin it if you had your way . 
  he would n't have to live in russia if the people of several countries had a say in this matter, 
  i 'd really get some insight on how this persons life went on with that aftermath . 
  if that person ever felt remorse, 
  but not everyone enjoys the same shows, 
  it 's perfect . 
  not that hot and not that cold and not even that rainy . 
  if you are german i 'd rather have you emigrate, 
  black is the worst colour , brunette is standard and most of them colour their hair blond which usually doesnt look all that good and blonde is the best colour ( only true if it 's really blonde and not some dark blonde mix ( stra\u00dfenk\u00f6terblond as we call it in germany ) . 
  red is great but only on women, 
   education is the way to stop this . 
  even if you closed the border , you ca n't kick these dutch citizens out of the country , so you 're still stuck with the problem . 
  the problem is that this has been said for the last 40 years and by now we should have realised that it 's not that easy . 
  this is a problem that would n't be a problem if we had strict immigration in the past and now that the harm is done left policits want another go at it promising that it 'll work out this time when they waste even more money on integrating and supporting troubled teenagers of foreign background . 
  it 's a rival for the us and their asian politics . 
  europe is n't that invested in that regard so we do n't follow the same strategy . 
  understandable that the us is n't happy about this but this is not unexpected and perfectly understandable from a european point of view, 
  it 's more of a way for public authorities to obscure the numbers so they do n't appear as incompetent as they actually are, 
   in germany it 's i think 2 years for syrians right now . 
  after that comes a so called `` aufenthaltsrecht '' so they do n't become illegal immigrants and after 18 months they get `` aufenthaltsgenehmigung '' and then it 's permanent . 
  you live in southern poland . 
  only us baltic people enjoy the taste for some reason,
