  r\u00f6slers bambi eyes made me sad though for some unknown reason . 
  there are some exception for smaller parties like the danish minority in northern germany which is fair imo . 
  long term it would n't be that bad i suppose . 
  they 'd probably both lose in popularity in a big coalition and that makes space for smaller parties who i prefer . 
  but it 's really bad that we have no liberal party left . 
  die linke has the best characters from all parties . 
  unlike most other politicians i have some sort of trust in them . 
  and they do a good job as opposition . 
  where are the czechs when you need them ... 
  a gem from germany is felidae . 
  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dqzwcxk_vk ) it 's a german animatic movie for a mature audience and is a thriller about a cat and some genetic stuff . 
  awesome plot with some surprises . 
  i either vote for `` die linke '' or i become an active nonvoter . 
  not so sure yet . 
  it 's just hard for me to understand how a person like him who does n't appear to be clever becomes so rich . 
  germany is russias second biggest trading partner by volume ( well technically third after china and the netherlands but the netherlands are only second due to russian oil arriving at rotterdam ), 
  it should work . 
  unless imgur has some traffic issues at the moment . 
  i checked it on my mobile and it worked . 
  nobody outside of norway can afford to go there for vacation . 
  maybe some swiss guys had the pleasure . 
  i certainly could n't enjoy a beer for which i had to pay 15-20 $ . 
  circlejerking is one of the best parts of reddit . 
  i could n't deal with reddit if it were n't for / r/circlejerk ( at least when i was subscribed to some of the bigger subreddits ), 
   americans are generally much more sensitive to criticism i kind of disagree with that . 
  from my perception most americans can handle criticism pretty good . 
  it 's just that reddit is mostly us americans and therefore there are always a few who just do n't like the bashing of the us . 
  canadians on the other hand . 
  you ca n't criticise them at all no matter how minor the topic . 
  and europeans are participating in circlejerking in almost every case which is pretty annoying . 
  i think by now we all know that there are more than just one country with free healthcare and that eastern europeans have a better internet than almost every other country . 
  never gon na happen . 
  they love their influence on germany and their only shot at winning the world cup is with the rest of germany anyway . 
  we love bavaria but this is true . 
  they always tend to vote for the person who most likely is the next senator palpatine . 
  it 's either that bavarians have no `` menschenkenntnis '' or they just love to vote for idiots . 
  4 years forward ... a separatist movement called the `` berliner br\u00fcda '' succesfully and democratly adds berlin to turkey . 
  hertha bsc gets banned from the `` zweite bundesliga '' but wins the championship against galatasaray istanbul with a crushing 14:0 in 2018 . 
  what are the aldi aufbackbr\u00f6tchen doing there ? 
  russia formed europe and europe russia . 
  that 's not the case with turkey ( not as much at least ) . 
  iran is probably more european than turkey . 
  if everyone is as unhappy as we are it makes us happy . 
  there is a reason schadensfreude is a german word . 
  every depressed person gets dragged down even further with all these happy people around, 
  winter is coming though . 
  that 'll show you !, 
  that means cheap sushi ... i would n't resist, 
  well you should n't even discuss a 120km/h limit on german autobahn or a mandatory vegetable day for staff dining room . 
  that puts people off and is not that important anyways . 
  offtopic but is it true that pippa is n't `` trendy '' anymore ? 
  i read that today and need some closure in that regard . 
  somehow her books has flopped and her job as a recipe women for some newspaper is basically working 2hours a month . 
  i doubt / r/europe is meta enough for this rule to apply . 
  and polandball needs more europeans anyway or otherwise the anglosphere has too much of an impact on it . 
  in germany we do n't wear anything the resembles our flag . 
  only exception is when it comes to football ( or soccer in case you 're confused ), 
  and as expected / r/polandball is pretty far up the list, 
  even though i could n't have imagined it a year ago i 'm quite sympathetic towards `` die linke '' at the moment . 
  that 's my nightmare . 
  even more influence by the anglosphere . 
  please no, 
  i ca n't agree with that . 
  even though i did my civilian service it is news to me that it was considered stupid to do the military service . 
  among my friends it just happened that half wanted to do military service and the other half preferred to eat homecooked dinner ( myself included ) and thus we stayed at hotel mama for the civilian service . 
  who is n't ? 
  but alliance is currently the better team and deserved to win this . 
  does n't change the fact that it 's cringeworthy to watch them outside of the game . 
   a swedish team won that dota thinge . 
  and someone should teach them some proper manners . 
  all but one ( akke ) do n't know anything about decent behaviour . 
  and tora berger will retire afterwards !, 
  which means germany could have a shot at winning again, 
  one europallet with clear pressed plastic bottles is worth ~ 450 $ . 
  a europallet with coloured pressed plastic bottles is only worth about half of it . 
  the margin on error for coloured plastic bottles in a clear plastic bottle europallet is at 3 % . 
  if it has more than 3 % coloured plastic bottles you only get paid the price for coloured bottles . 
  for unicef ? 
  i would n't . 
  at least in germany they ca n't be trusted with money . 
   making friends  norway  3months doubt it, 
  finally some good use for spitsbergen !, 
  maybe i 'd pull the plug when it 's sure that the braindamage is too severe to recover . 
  would n't want to prolong someone suffering as a vegetable for too long . 
  understandable when driving a car is a luxury in danmark . 
  we have that in l\u00fcbeck ? 
  give me some infos when it 's up again . 
  my fellow l\u00fcbecker . 
  you forgot to mention ( these ) http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:safe_road_construction.jpg] so we bascially saved thousands of people . 
  and every proper filleted fish has been made by a machine from baader . 
  ask the norwegians they love them . 
  i know from the smaller towns around l\u00fcbeck that they make a party for the helpers from the party before , starting an endless circle of partying . 
  ^ ^ and ^ ^ you ^ ^ party ^ ^ hard ^ ^ and ^ ^ drink ^ ^ plenty, 
  nice house but your garden and fence could need some maintenance . 
  which potato salad ? 
  the good one or the southern one ? 
  what a softie !, 
  harden up !, 
  life 's tough and so is our bread . 
  king of the hanse represent .
