  i dont know anyone who overall likes the turks in germany . 
  there are a few nice ones but the majority sticks to themselves which i dont like at all . 
  and there are also tons of troublemakes . 
  just atm i have to write a witnees report because a friend of mine got his nose broken on new years when he tried to calm the situation . 
  and everyone within my circle of friends had several similar stories about groups of turks that engage in unfair fights against a single person . 
  though tbf luebeck is particularly bad in this regard . 
  i agree . 
  it would be sneaky and clever to boosts the allies ' egos and it misleads opponents about fake vulnerabilities . 
  most silent sub even when you include nuclear subs . 
  though there might be even more silent ones nobody knows about . 
  they 're just not on the market . 
  what ? 
  sell it to everyone !, 
  we have no friends . 
  only interests . 
  and there is money to be made !, 
  they wo n't use them against us ... they need us for maintenance in the future . 
  and if everyone has them they can stealth around until they crash into each other and have to order another one again . 
  but in all seriousness i doubt that deal will happen in the near future . 
  apparently pakistan prefers the cheaper chinese nuclear subs . 
  the biggest advantage is that they are the most silent subs available on the market ( thanks to the fuel cells ) . 
  on a training simulation they were able to attack the `` enterprise '' ( an american carrier ) . 
  apparently the us general was outraged about that . 
  israel has them and there were/are negotions with pakistan as well . 
  yes enemies at least economical . 
  partners only on papers . 
  i see the us at russias level but full of hybris, 
  ahh these cars are nice . 
  they bring you from a to b and with a decent radio you can even enjoy the ride . 
  if you end up in tirol ( that 's in the italian alps ) you have really good desserts and bread . 
  italian desserts ( profiterole is amazing ) and german bread . 
  though in all fairness i guess france is awesome in this regard as well but i just do n't know much about french desserts and confectioneries . 
  i only know their bread is good it 's just lacking some variety ( though i 'm usually camping in the french alps so maybe this is just lacking regionally ) . 
  spotify ? 
  no offence but you 're not in the right position to judge them on this . 
  what do you know about that problem ? 
  a bit to modern for my taste, 
  are germans better accepted than others or worse ? 
  spoiler : http://url.geoguessr.com/5mwp without looking to closely did it in about 2min and gained 11671 points, 
   not that this would matter to me , personally well for me that matters, 
  i think we 're heading towards both at the same time . 
  at least i 've become more and more anglophobic within the last decade . 
   australians before americans , americans before germans , germans before turks or chinese or egyptian or . 
  this has nothing to do with race and everything to do with culture . 
  i 'd argue that on average germans are culturally closer to brits than americans . 
  well they would have a fresh start here . 
  and we need more sushi . 
  it would be devastating for the baltic sea though . 
  would n't it be awesome if japan could switch places with the uk ( except for scotland ) . 
  we already have mallorca so we wouldnt even start from scratch . 
  what worries me is all these british ww2 veterans shouting krauts while throwing their old grenades in my sand trench ... lazy slots should dig their own wind protection, 
  only with schleswig-holstein . 
  we have the cheap booze and the christmas markets . 
  aaaaaand my heart is broken . 
  i think that he is under the impression that sweden is closer to the us than to central and western europe . 
  and recently i had a similar impression on that . 
  but recently i have the impression as if foreign minister has lost in value . 
  not only in austria but in germany as well . 
  it 's just a position that gains you easy popularity . 
  when was the hummer cool ? 
  like srsly the only person who is allowed to drive it is a zuh\u00e4lter . 
  this is sooooo guido westerwelle . 
  hear my words : in 2 years he has his coming out . 
  yes . 
  as a former voter of them i ca n't wait for their demise . 
  and they got all the irrelevant positions . 
  no better outcome to expect for the cdu . 
  and the cdu is competent ? 
  who are we kidding . . they both suck, 
   canadian territory . 
  you think it 's canadian ? 
  understandable as a candian but that 's total nonsense, 
  but that doesnt matter at all for the present . 
  german speaking countries freundlichst !, 
  he was from the nobility afterall . 
  and he had money . 
  the farmer on his land had to starve for it though ... 
  so you could also blame marx for that . 
  truth is that neither of the two would have agreed to what happened after their passing . 
  monster ? 
  i would n't call lenin a monster . 
  it 's / r/europe . 
  that 's kind of like the only exception from that rule . 
  most of the mods and artists found out about it here . 
  just yesterday or so someone linked to it from / r/til ... and immeditaly 500 new subscribers . 
  problem is when there are to many people from on area they can vote for some rules that are kind of against the spirit of / r/polandball . 
  like using us states . 
  polandball is therefore in danger of becoming full of insider jokes . 
  that 's what i 'm worried about . 
  at the moment it 's still really diverse and with lots of people from europe but it 's trending towards a much bigger influence from the anglosphere thanks to reddits audience . 
  and that would suck for polandballs . 
  i really do n't want my future children to have to get through these asian school systems . 
  life gets rough soon enough no need to take the best time of their life away from them . 
  this is the one we have in l\u00fcbeck . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyglbzwt8fe#t=32 thanks kotka , finland for your great christmas trees !, 
  we get them from you every year . 
  prague is breathtaking beautiful . 
  i keep my hopes up that we become members of the calmar union 2.0 . 
  i mean we do eat licorice so that should be worth something, 
  part of the anglosphere ?
