i had a laugh , that 's too cliche for sweden, 
  to be fair , putinphobia is definitely a thing . 
  but well . . that 's rather pointless in this context . 
  it 's age dependant . 
  basically nobody younger than 20 uses messenger in germany anymore , then there 's 20-24 , using both , and 24 + is more used to messenger . 
  i 'm assuming dishonesty because why would you comment on this topic if you do n't understand politics . 
  as far as i know the afd is not throwing out demeaning attributes to other parties at all . 
  that 's what has happened towards afd the last six months though . 
  with no basis whatsoever . 
  i 'm not voting for the spd either , topkek . 
  edit : there is no political party in germany that i could see myself voting for since each seems just to be the lesser evil of the other . 
  according to several several tests i 'm a social democrat or democratic socialist . 
  i 'm using neutral rhetoric , the only one that is supposed to be allowed in a political debate . 
  since when do people actually believe the stuff parties say during wahlkampf . 
  sorry to disappoint . 
  you can hope all you want but if you truly believe pre election stuff youll have a bad time . 
  i have n't seen a single news article about trump being moderate on healthcare . 
  i 'm only familiar with him trying to abolish it . 
  his political tactic is actually close to flawless . 
  too cocky , but that 's his personal thing . 
  get all the extremist votes and the media attention that he needs so desperately at first , then do a 90 \u00b0 and collect the center . 
  and guess what . 
  it 's working and everyones falling for his pre election stuff whilst just as many of you know that this stuff wo n't matter at all post-election . 
  he just wants the power . 
  and you give him the attention to gain the power . 
  -- they do not demand a ban on mentioning homosexuality . 
  this is something every leftist is misunderstanding intentionally . 
  promoting traditional marriage and education values is not banning the opposite . 
  the world is n't black and white . 
  abolishing minimum wage is indeed something i am against , and sure , it 's reactionary . 
  so what ? 
  being reactionary is n't automatically being bad . 
  it became combat rhethorics for leftists , sure , but subjective rhetorics hold zero value in a political debate . 
  to tighten abortion laws seems fine with me , i do n't see a problem with that ; to be honest that 's something i do n't really care about . 
  what i do know though is that in my bundesland ( bavaria ) , we 'll have a rise of 28,3 % of immigrants within the next 18 years . 
  and as a matter of fact , crime went up a considerable amount since 2011 ( aka arab spring ) . 
  newsflash : what politicians say pre-election does n't hold truth necessarily post-election . 
  npd wo n't reach parliament in any of the bundesl\u00e4nder in which was voted today . 
  us terms do n't work here , especially not since you 're using them with a different meaning than they actually are ( media representation vs actual political campaign are two almost entirely seperate things , sadly ) . 
  i 'm not a afd voter , there is no political party that i can fully identify with and i sure as hell wo n't for some half-assed compatibility . 
  but what i can not stand are the blatant propaganda and lies that recently surround oppositional opinions especially within germany , but also intentional malinformation concerning trump or cruz in both international and national media . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  in case you speak some german , it 's really close to this mockup : http://i.imgur.com/hjrphir.jpg, 
  if youd be honest , you wouldve said the truth but sadly you arent . 
  to answer the question : unlikely . 
  the eurovision song contest is pure lobbyism and has nothing to do with actual art . 
  kurden * whilst t\u00fcrken is correct, 
  if it would 've been a joke in the heute show or similar , nobody would 've cared . 
  but in this case it 's obviously a racist outburst of hate . 
  edit : i 'm joking , jesus . 
  whilst czech has the worst roads i 've traveled on a highway , it also has the most beautiful city i ever visited within europe : prague . 
  there are plenty of valid reasons for someone to disagree with the eu , no need to jump at every new possibly wrong reason when you got a couple of valid ones . 
  ye , i could n't believe it to be honest . 
  especially since she 's living in sort of a rural area , she 's < 1.7 m and attractive , so technically unsafe as hell . 
  kind of lucky , ultimately . 
  i have n't heard of anything the police/school is doing . 
  doubt that the school can do anything anyways since it 's not on school area . 
  if this is what it takes to stop this insanity . 
  15 + years older coworkers are salty but basically hopeless . 
  they , and so do most others too , do n't think that their votes have meaning anyways . 
  my generation , 17-25 , most are fearful , especially the young women in my work education school . 
  four were harassed within the last 2 months , from only verbally up to following around when on the way home with the tram and leaving when she had to leave . 
  i personally ca n't wait until things escalate . 
  since it was ongoing for hours , i 'd say a possibly escalating situation is predictable when within a certain time more than a dozen people call the police . 
  no , since that 's ad absurdum . 
  if i was in the police , i could however meet you at the augsburger k\u00f6nigsplatz with 299 others most likely within one hour . 
  edit : they actually just said on the radio that they had backup that simply was n't called ( in cologne ) . 
  just say you 're from syria and brought your belongings right with you and you 're good to go :\\ ^ ), 
  yes , absolutely unpredictable when dozens of people called the police , 
  merkel can not possibly believe in getting reelected though . 
   contrary to popular belief , you are not getting doctors , engineers , it professionals etc. , you are getting street-smart young men , hardened by their life on the streets . 
  even if these were highly qualified workers , their degrees would be worthless here . 
  turkish mother of a friend of mine was teaching physics at istanbul university ( not as a prof , though ) but is n't allowed to do so here in germany , even after living here for ca . 
  13 years . 
  literally every right-wing party that actually has a large follower basis in europe is called ` populist ' ( afd ) and ` salon-fascist ' ( fn , sd ) in germanys tv , so he maybe just copied from his respective official media representation . 
  it 's unbelievable . 
  i have no words how i would react to someone who said this in my face . 
  i would laugh in disbelief , asking if this person is joking . 
  and i really have a long patience but if this guy is actually and honestly thinking this is a legit answer , i 'd explode in a fit of rage , i would n't recognize myself again . 
  this is beyond ridiculous . 
  if you can not stand up for your own ideals , you should ' t get a position in which you have anything to say in the first place . 
   because we 're afraid that it plays into the hands of the swedish democrats ( populist right-wing ) . 
  still waiting for him to have a point . 
  whilst i speak swabian , i 'd rather identify as bavarian if i have to . 
  besides , no swabian flag here indeed . 
  then again , there 's no schlesian flag either , so ... 
  there are afaik less than a thousand refugees in augsburg and they are not all at the same location . 
  wo in bayern ? 
  not in the short term , but in the long . 
  nobody can expect a 180 \u00b0 turn obviously . 
  i do n't have the bavarian tag for no reason . 
  obviously all of us strive the best we can be , or at least we should . 
  that does not mean letting in way more people than we can handle , as this is obviously the case : http://ueber.einprozent.de/, 
  this issue is something new for augsburg apparently . 
  obviously she kind of enjoyed the work there before but within the last 8 months everything worsened . 
  whilst its obviously horrible im ultimately ok with it because if this is what it takes to finally realize this has been predigten years ago and something changes now , so be it . 
  ex gf of a friend of mine , 22 , recently quit her 3year long job at the refugee center of augsburg . 
  verbal abuse , sexual harassment were on a daily basis and theres nobody who does something about it . 
  being greeted with `` du su\u00dfe bruste '' ( you cute breasts ) is intolerable . 
  there are plenty of other countries that are well off and dont do shit .
