  at the current rate they wo n't have reached full employment by then . 
  plus greece has all sorts of advantages over argentina by mere geography . 
  if they are in jordan or lebanon or to a lesser extent turkey they are still in their own garbage culture so there is less concern of them destroying any society of value . 
  not so when they reach europe . 
  hope that clears it up for you , 
  i do n't know why germans are still splitting hairs . 
  the fact that they are ` correcting ' people for the zillionth time should give them a hint . 
  the only thing that matters is what everybody heard ( inc all the international media ) not what she said or meant . 
  our cities are hidden behind those letters though . 
  on the belgian map i can see antwerp and brussels , but i ca n't see how amsterdam , utrecht , rotterdam or the hague are colored . 
  yeah the title is not accurate and should be labelled . 
  clearly this also means that way too few people are tested if they have a positive rate of 75 % !!, 
  just test all those that have at least hit puberty . 
  maybe , but plenty of black-dutch are seen as * dutch * in a way that moroccans are not seen as * dutch * . 
  afaic this is completely the responsibility of the moroccan community itself . 
  boycot and embargo and they will do anything we please . 
  including taking all the sub-saharan ` syrians ' as their own citizens . 
   ca n't we get someone willing to severely restrict immigration that is n't a nutjob ? 
  no , because it is precisely this opinion that will get you branded a ` nutjob ' by the powers that be . 
  so just vote for the nutjob and get it over with fritz . 
   pretty sure the right ( or any political party for that matter ) ca n't do much about human rights laws oh sweet summer child . 
  ( that was the joke ), 
  you 're canadian . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you get to select the worlds most liberal and wealthiest muslims to immigrate while we get some really shitty magherbis . 
  honestly let me repeat : you do not know of what you speak . 
  we were once known as the world 's most tolerant and liberal society ( yes even more progressive than you cannucks ! ) . 
  this was very recent , sadly reality has overtaken us . 
  if you think you can judge us from your ivory tower you 're in for a rude awakening , 
   that 's not a democratic decision anybody can make because in a democracy we do n't use the popular vote to legitimise some version of eugenics . 
  who 's talking about eugenics hans . 
  methinks you 're suffering from dr. strangelove syndrome  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jatr46iu1do, 
   the moroccans in question are as much dutch citizens as someone whose ancestors lived in holland for hundreds of years . 
  yeah . . 
  when i see these ` dutch ' protesting in the streets in favor of isis ( 15 min from where i live ) and joining their ranks in figures comparable to our armed forces then i will never consider them dutch . 
  when they terrorize the streets in a frenzy by the thousands for every israeli fart to avenge their ` brothers and sisters ' but not a peep for nice or bataclan or all the other millions muslims killed by other muslims ( and where are we protesting for our ` cypriot brothers and sisters ' ?? ), 
  then i will never consider them dutch . 
  clearly we are not their ` brothers and sisters ' . 
  i do n't care what their passport says . 
  the problems in the moroccan and turkish community and their parallel ` non-dutch ' nature has little to do with how other people see them and almost everything to do with how they see themselves and how they behave . 
  t. ` allochtoon ', 
  i have a sneaking suspicion that a ( large ) majority of the dutch electorate would prefer fewer moroccans over more . 
  how healthy for our democracy that this is now wrongspeak . 
   in this case a historical or objective method should be the one to determine whom self-determination is allowed to and whom is n't . 
  in most cases if people who want determination are natives/representatives of native culture vs non-natives . 
  ok , so now we do agree that apparently ` self-determination ' is not some holy concept above all else . 
  we 're making progress !, 
  you say that now , until some lucky farmer runs into an oil-field and demands independence ... 
  in that case ( and i agree ) the euro experiment should have ended . 
  at this point greece and spain would probably have been far better of . 
   why not ? 
  because we would balkanize into ever tinier slices . 
  land is really gained and maintained by conquest . . 
  which makes for easy picking . 
   an independent catalonia would ironically be more of a nation-state than spain is . 
  maybe catalonia ought to be a nation state ... 
  but self-determination ought not to be the exclusive criteria . 
  well , yes and no . 
  that is the reality we live in , and i guess the world is sometimes violent . 
  and other times it is n't . 
   the most legitimate way to draw borders actually seems to be the consent of the governed and where does this end ? 
  what if the expat community in stiges subsequently decides it wants to join with the netherlands rather than these weird catalans they have little in common with ? 
  this is the problem with these salami tactics . 
  the nation-state becomes and inherently unstable entity once ` self-determination ' becomes the highest ideal . 
   i do n't know much about the situation in catalonia , but surely if the majority of the people in the claimed areas wish to form a country and go about this in a democratic manner ( such as a referendum ) the country/countries that the new state would secede from should have to at least enter negotiations with the goal of forming said country or risk nullifying the will of their own people whether they like it or not . 
  this is so incredibly naive ... 
  so every-time there is regional discontent they ought to be able to split from the mother nation ? 
  why not just abolish the whole concept of the nation state then ? 
  the ` will of ( some subset of ) the people ' is not the end-all or be-all of matters of regional sovereignty . 
  what about past and future generations to they get a vote ? 
  what about all the toil and sweat of the rest of the nation that has gone in the region ? 
  ultimately the current electorate of some region lives on inherited land too . 
  if only this is the criteria we can dissolve nations after every election . 
  no , ultimately a little more would be required than simply and exclusively what the will of 51 % of a particular geographic area in a particular moment in time happens to be . 
   i have no words . 
  you seem intent on creating a powder keg , and have no desire to see the long-term dangers . 
  i do n't like powder kegs but ultimately powder kegs within our borders trump all else . 
  if these people were sympathetic and showed us even the tiniest bit of respect in exchange for all that they demand of us ( respect , special rights/blasphemy laws and money ) then my views would be different . 
  but they come from the most backwards society on earth , nobody hates us and our way of life more than them . 
  integration is a total failure and has been for half a century . 
  their grandchildren are more radical and conservative than their grandparents here . 
  more of them have joined the proto-nazi jihadists than our armed forces ( in the uk at least ) . 
  those that tell us to open our hearts and homes to them offer no plan or hopeful perspective at all . 
  just false hope . 
  not even that to be honest . 
  demonstrate a successful example of integration first before you make such demands . 
  i 'd be happy to oblige . 
  until then do n't be upset that i 'm not willing to continue such dangerous social experiments for the sake of the least sympathetic people in the world . 
   the jails for the irish republicans . 
  a bunch of people stuck together with little to do , slowly becoming ideological school , eventually turning into centers of unrest . 
  these jails would be voluntary . 
  supposedly they are fleeing for their life right ? 
  we just need a place to put all the people coming into europe so that they stop coming . 
  this place would only be a jail on the inside they could leave anytime they want . 
  and more importantly : they would be in their own lands in their own culture . 
  rather than powder kegs in europe . 
  in the end i do n't like their culture anymore than the masses of people fleeing that garbage culture . 
  but unlike them i have the good sense to reject it rather than bring it along . 
   it physically hurts me that viewpoints like this have become common , despite history providing ample examples of what we should do . 
  even if we 're being fooled by nazis , frankly i prefer our nazis to theirs .
