  1 ) who mentioned america ? 
  2 ) my point was that it was n't the economy , you seem to agree ? 
  but the american context quite different to ours . 
  ours is worse . 
  we have the migrant crisis . 
  ... give the bikes back hans , no excuses, 
  yes sure . 
  but stop acting like it 's an argument that the terrorists and criminals were born in europe . 
  their parents were n't so the problem is obvious and stop escalating the problem is the first step . 
  let 's see how they feel when the rest of europe closes up and keeps on waving millions of refugees to wonderful deutschland or sweden . 
  if we are going to do white-man 's guilt then at least do it full-on fascist style colonialism so we force our values down their throats . 
  so we do n't have to deal with/pay for their dysfunctional shit or awful religion again in a century . 
  bad idea ? 
  then let 's not to it . 
  fortress europe is the only option . 
  but they are lemmings you see . 
  they will keep on coming like brainless zombies even if we deport say the first 10,000 . 
  surely number 10,001 is too dumb to get the memo !, 
  they are dumb savages after all ! / s we have no choice but to import a few hundred million and submit to the will of allah pbuh . 
  put the veil on our women and kill all the kufar alllah akbhar !, 
  it will enrich our culture do n't be concerned !, 
   so what 's your plan , literal fortress europe with automated batteries firing on anyone on the border ? 
  and how do you think this would fare for european interests abroad , especially in those countries ? 
  what is your plan ? 
  i bet that your sarcastic remark at the end is more feasible than anything you come up with . 
  soon the electorate will have no choice but take such a view . 
  because people like you keep refusing to deal with reality . 
   dumping people on other countries territory is against international law . 
  and you establishment types told us a year ago that closing borders within schengen was also impossible . 
  and that hungary was very naughty . 
  if you want the extreme-right to win everywhere , then keep sabotaging yourself and our continent like this . 
  i wonder how much they will respect * international law * . 
  people do not blame muslims for taking their jobs . 
  in fact what jobs ? 
  if anything they blame them for being unemployed !, 
  what they are blamed for is their crime , their hatred and their social dysfunction . 
  rightly so . 
  people do not want to be harassed walking in their own country by muslim youths . 
  they feel little sympathy for people with very unsympathetic viewpoints and who in any case have no sympathy or love for them . 
  it has very little to do with economy . 
  people might blame poles for jobs , but not muslims . 
   when you are born in france from french parents you are native frenchman . 
  even lepen dont deny that . 
  it doesnt matter where your parents or great parents were born or if they have another nationality . 
  lepen 's fight is against immigration and refugees , she is not about to evict everyone who cant prove his family is french since x generations . 
  no but she would make sure that we do n't have three times as many potential muslim criminals and terrorists in the coming years . 
  this argument you 're pushing is intellectually dishonest . 
  you ca n't even fool the dumb peasants with this crap anymore i 'm very sorry . 
   have scientists explain how policy x is beneficial to the country , scientist do n't explain this at all . 
  when the left lies that refugees will add to the economy they are using the oldest trick in the book : lies , damn lies and statistics . 
  immigrants add to the economy because it counts eu and well-educated expats . 
  if we isolate that to mena and south asian muslims they are a drain to the economy and social-safety net . 
   funny how right wingers ca n't realize that the solution to the refugees crisis would be a proper social orientated economy and not neoliberalism + racism . 
  if the countries would actually invest new money into helping refugees ( which to large degree would be investments into the general infrastructure ) , instead of just relocation money away from other things , it would n't nearly be such an issue . 
  what 's funny is that there are still delusional people who can sell this crap with a straight face after half a century of failure . 
  muslim immigrants are a drain to the state and it 's finances and so are 2nd and 3rd generations ( exceptions would be iranians ) . 
  austerity is also completely thanks to your ( and mine ) government in the eu . 
  but a welfare sate with open borders is fiscal suicide as well as cultural and political suicide . 
  poster is replying from a canadian context . 
  he has n't had to deal with decades of criminal , socially dysfunctional and thankless muslim immigrants who hate the poor saps that were so stupid to welcome them . 
  and he/she never will ( because of selection and selection-bias among those muslims that do make it across the pond ) . 
  because remainers assured everyone that economic meltdown would happen the next-day . 
  the same thing was said for trump ( to be fair , even he predicted a big drop ) . 
  he knew exactly what everyone did n't . 
  white angry rustbelters would come out to vote for a populist nationalist agenda . 
  he knew better than all the polls . 
  that 's what it looks like from the outside anyway . 
  i support le pen as a counterbalance to the lunacy to merkel anyway so she does n't scare me ( any more than the status quo at least ) . 
  if france can unilaterally destroy mass migration and austerity in the eu than this would be a very good thing . 
  perhaps it would allow merkel to make an about face domestically while saving face ( * compromise * ), 
   how is it positive that the voices of bigots and racists is heard ? 
  also you are completely ignoring that a lot of those far right winger create the racism . 
  we know that people with the least contact to foreigners are the most xenophobic . 
  they just hate muslims because the populists told them to do so . 
  people like you are why trump and brexit happened and why the far-right might very well take europe . 
   it 's totally irrational . 
  cars are far more dangers than islamists , it 's very unlikely that you will ever die in a terror attack . 
  dying in a car accident is quite likely . 
  still , none of these far right wingers is concerned about cars . 
  it 's far more likely you die in a bath tub than in nuclear warfare . 
  so let 's go nuclear arms-race !, 
  muslims in europe are vastly over-represented in crime statistics . 
  they are a net-burden to the state . 
  and their politics are most horrifying of all . 
  your untruths do n't convince anyone anymore , so why try ? 
   that ; s always a good quote i found in these situations . 
  they have the platform , they are free to speak , but if we are not allowed to criticize them , we are not in a democracy . 
  you are allowed to criticize , but shouting people down is not winning an arguments . 
  you have to engage . 
  the left is probably already doomed , but it 's never too late to try . 
   i know you dutch prefered to party in the kongo but come on ... that would be the belgians , as far as i recalled our foreign parties were always well behaved and charming https://youtu.be/d1oa6p7d2nq?t=23s and you might think this nazi eurotrip was all fun and games but that is purely ignorance speaking !, 
  sure you remember all the good that hitler did , but there was terrible stuff too !, 
  he stole our bikes !, 
  our bikes !!!, 
  oh the humanity, 
  so what 's your point ? 
  that indonesians agree ? 
  thank you euro , thank you austerity and thank you identity politics, 
   as far as i remember , germany wants to declare afghanistan safe country of origin . 
  well , i do n't buy that .
