  everybody now knows about cologne . 
  but we only heard about it 2 days after the fact . 
  cologne is not some little wasteland in the middle of antarctica . 
  you can fool yourself as long as you 'd like but just do n't expect the rest of us to go along for the ride anymore . 
   countries like sweden and germany are trying to ram through mandatory migrant quotas not just that , they are unilaterally inviting in millions of future-eu citizens ( who would be able to freely work and live where they please ) who have no prospect of social integration and absolutely reject our liberal values ( and their children will too , to a greater extent if we go by precedent ) . 
   110-120 billion with the current exchange rate that 's only like 140 billion euros . 
  not as bad now is it ? 
  that was tongue in cheek  spain is my fave country in the world . 
  it was just funny to reverse the usual dynamics of cultural imperialism between the anglophone world and the rest . 
  simple : no citizenship ever , not for them or their children . 
  if that is clear they are free to come here as refugees for shelter as long as they like . 
  of course we know that this is not why they come , we do not border syria after all . 
  you remove the incentive . 
  i 'm no beer snob . 
  i survived most of my erasmus in madrid on a strict liquid diet of lukewarm mahou . 
  in the street , from the bottle , the liter bottle . 
  made me feel like cj from san andreas . 
  the terrible taste of spanish beer is easily redeemed by its & my cheapness . 
  si botellon !, 
  `` we ca n't '' `` no leverage '' `` we created this situation '' no offense , but this reads like the masochists garbage that was spouted about `` not being able to close the borders because the law !! '', 
  before cologne , and then suddenly all the borders started closing overnight . 
  we do n't have leverage because we do n't actually try . 
  and we do n't try because people like you do n't want to try . 
  the idea that the european continent , the wealthiest entity on the planet , ca n't impose its will on some non-states is laughable . 
  particularly because the reason we give for this is ` human rights ' while these same nations use ` human rights ' as some sort of sick joke . 
   sorry for not letting people drown at sea . 
  people are drowning in the sea because of the pot of gold people like renzi and merkel and their supporters have left on the other side of the mediterranean . 
  encouraging them to come because of the great * humanitarians * that they are . 
  of course they are n't * humanitarian * enough to ensure a safe passage . 
  a little sacrifice is required after all ... thousands of people are n't drowning off the coasts of australia . 
  libya and syria are not even real countries anymore . 
  the others are so weak that the only reason that they are able to sabotage us is because we allow them to . 
  seems like it 's a solution for them then ? 
  that 's a good reason for us up north to leave the eu as well i suppose . 
  or the eu can grow a backbone and stop pretending like anyone cares about these ` human rights ' except for the self-flagellating masochists who are the only ones that follow them . 
  simpy lock the illegal immigrants up into camps and initiate the expulsion process . 
  if they do n't want to leave on their own accord they can stay ( safe from war ) in these camps for as long as they please . 
  you 'd quickly see the stream of islamists and their fellow travelers reduce to a trickle . 
  the eu simply has to enforce its external borders . 
  that is the major anti-eu sentiment right now . 
  the people do not like germany unilaterally changing the society of their individual nation-states without their consent . 
  that is the biggest issue . 
  without it brexit would n't have happened tonight . 
  i 'm happy with brexit because of statements like renzi is now making . 
  hopefully the eurocrats will stop sleepwalking . 
   referendum will only happen if we would definitely win . 
  i love that scotland lost their own referendum last time !, 
  that outcome would have probably been inevitable with a different result tonight . 
  because what incentives would the eu have had to change without brexit ? 
  and why would anti-eu sentiments not just continue to increase ? 
  i hope that this is a turning point . 
  but the direction we were going in was n't really worth saving . 
  maybe i ought to visit this quant enclave before the indigenous and rich native culture of fish & chips + pubs and sainsbury 's gets washed away by boring spanish homogeneity  it shall be the english cuba !, 
  well i supported the brexit ( though i was conflicted about it and never really meddled that much in the debate ) because i hope it can be a catalysts for europe to start rebuilding . 
  to hopefully save europe and leave us with an eu worth saving . 
  i feel our elites have been isolated from the consequences of their ineptitude too long . 
  that ended tonight . 
  exactly . 
  even though i 'm happy with the result tonight this is the proper analysis when it comes to cameron . 
  seems like you guys do n't know cameron . 
  i 'm actually happy with brexit as i see it as the last best chance to save the eu . 
  however cameron 's decision to allow for a referendum has nothing to do with principle and everything to do with opportunism . 
  he 'll fondly be remembered as the loser he is . 
  i guess he 's lucky to be in such piss-poor company of fellow european peers . 
  i think when the history will be written merkel will be judged even more harshly than him . 
   imo he should 've called for a referendum earlier , it just might 've brought in the 5 % needed for britain to remain the referendum would not have passed if it was n't for angela merkel and her idiotic actions over the past year . 
  but cameron deserves full culpability . 
  he will * rightly * be remembered for this legacy and eventually breaking up the uk too most likely . 
   brexit happened because cameron is a coward . 
  as opposed to mark rutte i assume :') in any case the actual viability of #nexit or not wo n't matter so much as it will be an effective club for wilders to beat the other parties over the head with who will ` stand in the way of democracy and allowing the dutch people a say in their future ' to gain electorally . 
  the end-goal would be to make the pvv so large as to render alternative coalitions simply ungovernable . 
  as the entire european consensus has been moving pretty rapidly towards the direction of mr wilders over the past year , actually governing would become much less unlikely . 
  personally though , i hope that the mainstream parties respond on substance and stop ignoring the concerns of many people . 
  the pvv is a pretty poor choice that many people are given because there is no alternative . 
  i hope we can push this off until the eu is given time to truly and honestly reflect and respond to the events of tonight . 
  it 's clear that the eu elite can no longer just ignore and shame its own citizens who have legitimate concerns . 
  i hope the eu takes a different direction because i truly love europe . 
  however if in a year or two it 's still the same old angela merkel at the wheel and nothing has changed i might pull the lever for nexit myself given the chance . 
  it 's sad really . 
  if the alternative is isolation ? 
  i feel like perhaps the spanish can be petty about it . 
  co-sovereignty might not seem such a terrible idea at that point . 
  they 'll be given at least two years to think it over . 
   why do you even continue commenting ? 
  things have been explained to you . 
   i 'm part of the socioeconomic `` elite '' . 
  i am rich . 
  i own land . 
  i own property . 
  you are just an idiot who does n't understand the reality he lives in . 
  you really need to get over this idea that you are even in a position to debate or that i 'm looking for a debate with you . 
  i just wanted to help you understand that and why you are wrong . 
  for me personally this means nothing . 
  i can live and work wherever i please on the planet except maybe a few nations that are closed off to all foreigners . 
  look i only skimmed your post and it was pretty funny . 
  oh great ubermensch that is too good for the common folk !, 
  spare me your infinite wisdom for i am not worthy !, 
  look , you do n't need my help to continue to bury yourself . 
  it would be morally questionable on my part . 
  continue on your own .
