  ultimately in my view wikileaks only serves them . 
  i guess i 'm still hopelessly retrogade in being more concerned about the horrors of foreign regimes and their motivations and actions than i am about big brother at home . 
  i do n't think that is an official channel . 
  let me see if i can find a full version . 
  edit : i 'm sure it 's not an official channel and not related to mr. murray , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ive4vi9svve, 
  you can see why he 's so scared to face the courts . 
  he 's not used to being directly challenged . 
  douglas murray is a hero . 
  this guy is a snake , his is what happens when he faces a critic with integrity : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udnt_cydiue, 
   no , or about brazil , france , australia , indonesia , either . 
  damn indonesian lapdogs . 
  did that sound convincing to yourself ? 
  somehow i doubt it . 
  wikileaks : russian lapdogs . 
  either willingly or unwillingly . 
  end of story . 
  some strange coincidence that they never leak anything on russia or china . 
  i guess they have nothing to hide . 
  his sexual abuses are for the courts to decide . 
  which he wo n't face ... 
   still do n't see how the actions of literally just a few dozen idiots deem millions of people inadmissible . 
  well my issue is n't that in our muslim communities it 's more socially acceptable to cheer for people that execute children or run over dozens of families for the crime of celebrating a national holiday than it is to say something positive about the jews for example . 
  my issues is n't with these wacky isis fringes that are almost as rare as muslims joining in our armed forces for example ( in the uk at least ) . 
  no , my issue is with the large share of them that do n't wear their fascism on their sleeve : pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
   i 'm paying for it and i do n't have an issue paying for our international and european obligations which germany signed . 
  you know , it 's part of not being a shitty third-world country . 
  hey at least you 're doing your best to remedy that latter issue !, 
   funny it 's allways her name , considering that france and sweden did so as well . 
  and they did n't ignore it but suspended it for good reason ... kinda tired saying it over and over again . 
  so semantics is the difference between being a good rule-following germany and some of these * other states * . 
  hope you can see why your good and decent example has failed to sway others to better themselves . 
   aww poor , poor v-4 !, 
  spouting bullshit all day and throwing bitch-fits about the eu every 5 minutes while cashing in the eu money and now they are supposed to pull along with the rest of the eu ? 
  yeah they are poor , i do n't admire them for it either but ca n't really hang it over their head too much . 
  however i ca n't fault them for being one of the sole sources of * reason * last summer when it comes to the refugee crisis . 
  which is increasingly being recognized by their western european peers after having tarred them for it . 
  so while you may be right that last summer there was maybe a slim majority for ` pulling along with the rest of the eu ' in pursuing the particular insanity du jour i suspect that the majority opinion is now closer to the v-4 view than germany 's . 
   the pvv is actually quite left wing as well when it comes to economic policies , and so were the national socialists back in the day . 
  they are protectionists . 
  i 'm actually somewhat of an internationalist . 
  i just want a strong safety net and institutions to make-up for the shortcomings of globalization and progress . 
  none of this so far fits very well with the pvv . 
  but , next election ( and hopefully not all the ones after that ) just one issue matters so here we are . 
   in any case , i 'm all for demanding people integrate within our societies , and subscribe to all the freedoms we have here . 
  if they do n't want to , sure , send them back . 
  i 'm also for schools being completely secular , that goes for islamic schools , catholic schools , scientology schools or whatever . 
  education should be free from religion . 
  that 's all well and nice but those strings do n't come attached with current policy or decisions on refugees . 
  so it 's just meaningless words . 
  we 've had nearly half a century of failed muslim immigration in europe . 
  so please excuse me if me and many others are no longer swayed by rhetoric like this . 
  i 'd like to see an example of successful integration . 
  afterward we can talk about new refugees . 
  not before . 
  so that is at least a decade of no islamic immigration as far as i 'm concerned . 
   just not letting any muslim refugees in beforehand because of some rotten apples on the other hand is indeed blatant discrimination . 
  well personally i consider those that support death-penalty for converts ( even if they are otherwise perfectly law-abiding non-violent and productive citizens ) as ` rotten apples ' . 
  in that case we are talking about roughly 30-70 % of them depending on which mena country if pew is to be believed ( maybe you have more credible polls ? ) . 
  that 's not ' a few rotten apples ' to me . 
  and we have no means of filtering these out and even if we did ( which i stress we do n't and ca n't have . . no thought-police ) we have no intention of doing so . 
  it 's not even on the political agenda . 
  most europeans do n't even know how dismal the views of these people are . 
  but if you are going to have a strong stance on this issue you 'd do well to familiarize yourself with this ugly little detail if you want to be intellectually honest with yourself . 
   one who actually adheres to the rules ( unlike others ) ah so when angela merkel decided to ignore the dublin convention and unilaterally decide for the eu to accept millions of migrants this was following the rules ? 
  and when she tried to blackmail and bully the v-4 and others into fixing her mistake i guess this was the rules as well ? 
  maybe it was , but it would be a meaningless distinction . 
   holy crap , your blatant racism and generalisation of all refugees as religious fascists makes me seriously ashamed to share the same heritage as you . 
  what meaningless drivel . 
  no i do n't ` generalize ' any more than you likely do . 
  unless of course you have no opinions on anything , like nazis or the pvv , out of fear of generalization ? 
  i never said ` all refugees ' , 30-40 % + is more than enough thank you . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ if we would have a way of filtering this % of fascists maybe things would be different ( of course this guarantees exactly nothing about their descendants ) but here in reality we do n't and do n't even have the intention . 
  so 0 muslim refugees sounds about right . 
   the pvv is probably even too moderate for you . 
  on islam they are just about right for me . 
  but aside from this single-issue i 'm actually quite left-wing ( and socially liberal just like everybody else . . well except our surprise guests ) . 
  of course here in europe just one issue matters in 2016 . 
  so my next vote will probably be the first time i do n't vote left of centre . 
  the difference between me and you is that i do n't compromise on my liberal values , and therefore detest identity politics . 
  i hate the brownshirts even if they have weird names and beards instead of blue eyes . 
  * shocking * i know . 
   an invasion would cost trillions of eu money and thousands of eu lives , and then on top of that you 're still paying for the migrants ' support , only in libya rather than europe ... '' that 's only if you wish to occupy the country . 
  this is n't that . 
  you set up a camp and shoot anything that comes within 5km . 
  and yes even a full-blown invasion would be preferabele to millions more muslims and their descendants in our societies . 
  they detest us and our values , they bleed money and crime . 
  there is no upside . 
  but all that is besides the point . 
  europe could very easily bully and bribe anyone of these countries into accepting them . 
  no , you take a piece of land and set up a camp . 
  but that 's the last resort . 
  there is so much leverage we have that we could use before that . 
  this would never have to happen . 
  it 's just that our pathetic leaders only seem to understand the carrot when it comes to diplomacy as seen with turkey . 
  hence why the extreme-right is becoming so popular . 
  so why has n't the international police arrested vlad and gwb yet then ? 
  sorry that simple reality is so shocking to you . 
  a year ago your govt hands were tied when it came to you and sweden 's borders because of ` international law ' . 
  so ... what happened ? 
  that is just because you are uninformed and retarded , do n't worry .
