  surely they are blameless ... 
  yeah , they are just doing their jobs . 
  they traffic in tragedy . 
  hmm . . that makes it sound worse . . 
  they deal in tragedy every day at least . 
  not so strange that their skin is a little thicker ( but that 's happening to all of us i feel . ), 
  in principle journalism is still a noble profession . 
   there is no easy war vs terrorism . 
  this would just be a illusion i think but for some magical reason japan seems to be immune to these attacks, 
   clearly an act intended to sabotage tourism right after erdogan apologized to putin in order to revive it . 
  i think it 's a bit too early after that , no ? 
   i am not denying that islam plays a role in this , but i 'd argue that religion alone is not enough to make people support suicide bombers . 
  why not ? 
  why is that impossible to believe but you add drones to it and it 's suddenly plausible ? 
   israel has managed to limited it to knife attacks besides the missiles they destroyed . 
  they generally invest a lot into security . 
  israel also has no problem with profiling . 
  which we in europe are not ready to do yet and in turkey is a non-starter . 
  it would probably be a piece of cake to get scottish citizenship . 
  they 'd probably simply have to move there and wait for it become an independent state . 
  yup . 
  and it seems to me that it would be a lot easier ( and less drastic ) for a brit to acquire eu or scottish citizenship in the next two years than it would be for an american to get canadian . 
  calfreddit is right , holland wo n't do anything stupid . . for now ... 
  if the eu keeps up at it 's disastrous course then all bets are off . 
   his very presence is an insult , and that was before he opened his gob . 
  why ? 
  because he 's been vindicated ? 
  the uk 's departure is not solely on farage 's resume . 
  it 's on the resume of the eurocrats in that chamber too . 
  it 's time we take stock of what a disaster europe has become . 
  and who exactly is responsible . 
  it was n't nigel farage who was in the eu 's drivers seat the last decade ... insults aside he was 100 % right about the euro and the mediterranean in his speech . 
  same with the refugee crisis . 
  spain is in the euro . 
  the popping of the housing market crashed their economy more than others and the bubble itself had artificially inflated wages prior to the gfc . 
  because spain is in the euro adjustment is not possible , hence massive unemployment due to noncompetitive wages . 
  which leads to a massive fall in revenues while expenditures can not drop as fast in a recession because of automatic stabilizers ( social safety net ) . 
  spain is not anymore responsible for the gfc and it 's housing bubble than german investors were , or any other oecd country . 
  when people ask `` where did the spanish money go '' it usually implies that they mean something of the sort that `` spain should have lived within its means '' . 
  which it by all intents and purposes did , before the world came crashing down . 
  they were running surpluses before the crisis ( unlike germany ) , so the claim is bogus . 
  most economists agree with this . 
  in any case , what should spain have done differently ? 
  i can say one thing , they should have told merkel to stuff it and left the euro in 2010 . 
  they would have been better off now , we would have been worse off ( but over the long term better as well ) . 
  an even better thing would have been to never create the euro in the first place . 
  but again spain is n't any more guilty of this than the ` responsible ' northern european countries . 
  in any case , merkelism was at the wheel during the handling of the euro-crisis . 
  and almost nobody predicted failure as deep as we 've seen . 
  if merkel had proposed in 2010 a plan that would have left europe worse off than the great depression ( relatively ) , it would n't have been very popular . 
  no there is n't ? 
  you 're implying that being concerned about immigration ( or closing borders ) is inherently racist . 
  it 's a pathetic line of argument . 
  maybe you missed the gfc and the eurocrisis ? 
  there 's no need to go trough the entire history again . 
  the simple fact is that spain was running surplussed before 2008 and it has a comparatively small government . 
  this morality play that germany and us played for political expedience has been a complete and total disaster . 
  austerity has been a total disaster . 
  and most economists predicted this ex-ante . 
  even the imf has agreed with this for years . 
  the simple fact is that your angela merkel ( with the complete support of my pm and other neoliberal northerners ) have been in the drivers seat since 2008 and the european economy has performed worse than it did during the great depression comparatively . 
  there is no window dressing that . 
   racist leave voters will be disappointed when the uk ca n't just close its borders . 
  stupid comments like this is why i 'm glad that brexit won . 
  the impotence of this sort of discourse is now bare for all to see . 
  sure there will be tons of stupid people who continue singing this refrain . 
  but the elites understand that they can no longer just ignore and demonize . 
   i think there is a difference between debt accumulated due to a brutal continent-wide armed conflict and debt made through cheerful welfare spending bonanza . 
  yes . 
  the former is obviously far more morally bankrupt . 
  besides your characterization of the current situation really does n't reflect what actually happened . 
  maybe with respect to greece , yes . 
  but not spain , and spain is far larger . 
   there is no way the eu can let that happen , that level of uncertainty would crush the eu market . 
  why do some people have the inclination to make these sorts of sweeping statements based on nothing ? 
  this is obviously not true . 
  there is less uncertainty now than in the 2 year period leading up to this referendum . 
  unlike german, 
  bellen won by a hair . 
   no , they just left . 
  nobody misses them and theyre free to crash their economy ok sure , after schengen has fallen apart and member states are bullying and blackmailing other member states to take unwanted illegals you can pretend that the brexit is just some isolated incident that does n't reveal any underlying issues but solely reflects on the uk . 
  i 'm sure with people like you leading the eu , the union will be strengthened into a core of stability in a few years consisting of luxembourg . 
   sorry , i do n't discuss with fallacies you do though . 
  i just explained why an export economy would lose more if trade were to be stopped than an import economy and you responded with `` no they depend more on us ! '', 
  it 's a pretty simple concept too so i suspect that at this point you realize your mistake but are just too proud to admit it . 
   also lost one of the biggest voices against further integration who just unequivocally demonstrated that the eu is under existential threat unless it radically changes course . 
  look it 's abundantly clear that you have never opened a book on the subject of economics . 
  yes it does mean your economy is healthier and more export driven than spain in general . 
  which is precisely why you have more to lose . 
  i mean we here in holland have massive trade ( and surplus ) with the eu . 
  who would be hurt more if we were to stop trade overnight with the eu , us and our healthy economy or the eu ? 
  sometimes you just have to listen rather than stubbornly holding to mistaken understanding my friend  i mean , i do n't belive this will ever happen but as is the case with any country bordering schengen the borders are mandatory . 
  so yeah , it 's not even up for us to decide . 
  even if we 're outside of the eu we 'll probably be part of the common market so it 's not like it even matters that much . 
  you wo n't be part of the common market unless spain consents to your independence . 
   my gov has been soft for a long time , but if you think they 'll steer away from blackmailing & shouting to keep the union , you are wrong . 
  oh i know , i 've already seen your gov shouting and attempting to blackmail eastern europe to fix your mistakes . 
  this sort of ` soft governing ' has been spectacularly successful in just a year and a half . 
  look how much has been achieved !, 
  we 've traded the uk and schengen to appease the sultan in anatolia .
