  it 's only for so long that you can tell the populance to trust their humble servants ( or some of them ) rather than their lying eyes . 
  but i will reserve judgement . 
  i assume that denmark does track ethnicity in these crime statistics ? 
  unlike sweden does for sex-crimes for example . 
  the danish and german ( in ) decision in the article fill me with disgust and contempt . 
  at least we got this one right . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35261988 http://www.cnbc.com/2015/09/27/angela-merkel-caught-on-hot-mic-pressing-facebook-ceo-over-anti-immigrant-posts.html nah fam , it 's your media and politicians that are talking bullshit . 
  cologne and it 's attempted cover-up as well as the b\u00f6hmermann farce will not be forgotten . 
  the damage is already done and ca n't be undone no matter how much you deny . 
  well , leftist has become an insult afaic , so thank you ? 
  it 's just when it became clear to me that the leftist were way too terribly morally confused to be ever considered ` the moral side ' as i had considered them . 
  but it 's true , i was never a moral relativist so never a true leftist i suppose . 
  the german state has already revealed that it can not be trusted to not abuse it 's powers over the media , police and protect truth or freedom of speech . 
  they do not deserve the benefit of the doubt . 
  i felt embarrassed to be dutch when we had moronic left-wingers making such idiotic statements as `` sure the charlie hebdo murders were wrong , but ... '' that 's when i stopped being a left winger i suppose . 
  never felt so disgusted . 
  sylvana is embarrassing too . 
  the online trolls do n't concern me as they are n't legitimized by our media or institutions ( unlike her ) . 
  yes . 
  because it is a loser country hellhole . 
  what i 'm saying is if we could have turned russia into germany they would n't have needed to placate their broken ego with pathetic foreign boogeymen . 
  and lebensraum for our new african-europeans !, 
  i think that is one view . 
  another view is in a sense more depressing : it was a missed opportunity . 
  washington had the same sort of foolish , theological conviction in capitalism ( that had just defeated perhaps history 's greatest monster ) as the soviet 's had before in communism . 
  and therefore no effort or funds were invested in russia because ` durr invisible hand ! ' . 
  they could have been brought into the fold of the free world if we had assisted them in building strong institutions and managed their crash . 
  but the mobsters took control of the economy and then the kremlin . 
  it 's a syrian refugee in germany ... 
  if anyone owes anyone else any beers it would be germany to you . 
  their beers are cheaper too so it works out better that way . 
  they should all face charges and be kicked back into the shithole they came from . 
  hey !, 
  i wo n't be responsible for tarring my countrymen like that !, 
  i said dutch * cuisine * is shit . 
  not that dutch are necessarily shit cooks !, 
  plenty of good food in our cities , just very little of it is dutch . 
  so a syrian kid dies on a turkish beach , fleeing the horrid war-zone that is turkey . 
  somehow we are told that this is first europe 's responsibility and second that these people will be paying for german pensioners ... . . we are also bombarded with images of women and children while 70 % of the migrants are men ... now if that is not untruths based on emotions i do n't know what is . 
  never mind the farce that was cologne . 
  of course not . 
  but what happens after we have another nye filled with misunderstood maghrebis looking for spontaneous love ? 
  what if there is a bataclan in germany ? 
  and what happens after austria and then later france have decided that the far-right is no longer taboo ? 
  crazier things have happened in our modern world recently . 
  these polls are not set in stone and can be overtaken by current events . 
   because their whole election battles are based on emotions and false information ( afd ) . 
  yes , because that does n't describe their wise and humble opposition at all < | :-), 
  without people like merkel there would n't be a relevant far-right . 
  your path is the fastest most sure path to a more radical fascism . 
  because it gives voters no other option . 
  fact is that your people have been in charge and what exactly has been achieved since 2008 ? 
  crippling austerity and mass unemployment , a lost generation in the south . 
  this was all done against the advice of the experts ( who were for the most part against austerity ) because it was seen as either a good opportunity for neoliberal experiments and savage cuts to the plebs or otherwise governing by polls ( which does n't deserve any praise ) . 
  and now this same worthless cabal has decided the rights of a group of religious - [ fascist ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ ) non-citizens is more important than the safety and future of its own citizens . 
  what has been achieved ? 
  economic malaise , lost generations , and brexit happened on your watch . 
  it did not have to happen . 
  maybe take stock instead of digging in . 
  it 's better to do that now than after you lose power . 
  the biggest threat to europe is the refugee crisis . 
  vdb is not going to be dragging merkel to face reality or otherwise put pressure on the eu to face reality . 
  vdb will just allow the status-quo the fester on in typical eu fashion , from crisis to crisis . 
  and we will just be in more dire-straits n a few years when the next round of elections come round and it might be too late to save any of the eu 's credibility in the voters eyes . 
  right now it 's a project that can still be saved . 
  not by people so invested in the decisions that have damaged it so much like angela merkel though . 
  ingredients of kroketten should be printed in nano-font on the back not advertised on the front !, 
  hope hofer wins . 
  angela merkel needs all the pressure she could receive if the eu is to survive in any capacity . 
  would be even better if the wretched woman would n't run for re-election so germany could have a leader less handicapped by her own mistakes and commitments and more leeway to act and compromise . 
  yep , in that sense you could even defend him as a ` savvy negotiator ' . 
  maybe he gets nato to finally spend 2 % and take care of its own defense . 
  truly a case of penny-wise and pound-foolish though . 
  as his blabbering has probably damages nato more than any 2 % of spending could ever repair . 
  but in any case the eu needs to become more assertive ans less pacifist . 
  always relying on america to play world police while moralizing on the sidelines . 
  so that is a positive development . 
  they do abroad . 
  but the netherlands reaching unprecedented heights !, 
  i put siracha on everything now . 
  seriously though . 
  just salt & pepper right ? 
  i guess you can add appelmoes . 
  anyway i do n't care , so much good food to east instead . 
  you 're not welcome in our terrible food club belgium !, 
  you do n't meet our strict criteria !, 
  england and scandi are welcome !, 
  though we shall remain the undisputed leaders !, 
  no that is definitely not it !, 
  guys will give you side-eye if you put sugar in your coffee !, 
  `` what . . 
  sugar ??? 
  what sort of girl are you !, 
  i drink mine black or with motor-oil on special occasions ! '', 
  unlike italians we also drink it black ... why ? 
  i 'm not a coffeesnob so i actually prefer my coffeeshakes . 
  still i can recognize that the coffee is better in italy . 
  yeah , bitterballen are one of the few good things !, 
  our peanut butter is the best too . 
  never heard of a fristi vodka but it 's funny you mentioned it .
