  but maybe you know more about this than me , you have a bigger stake in it after all . 
   this wo n't persuade tayyip 's supporters not to vote for him since they vote for islamic motivation . 
  his opponents do n't care the tourism at all . 
  pretty fucked up situation imo ; they adore his cult so whatever he does , they still support him . 
  i 've heard other turks say that akp voters vote for him precisely because the economy did so well under him ? 
  in the end it does n't matter , if what you say is true then i want turkey to fail even more . 
  ah so that 's where the confusion stems from . 
  you ca n't read . 
  guess this could all have been avoided . 
  ( hint : punctuation ), 
  i 've never visited r/europe before a month or two ago . 
  they did n't teach me this . 
  putin did . 
  then why did you mock the other user for basically stating the same thing ? 
  russia went to war with one of its neighbors and finland no likey . 
  simple as that . 
  true , but i 'm one extra european that has learned in the last 2 years never to trust russia . 
  just like you , i 'm just one person . 
  i know that apparently you think the idea that russia is involved in conflict in ukraine is laughable . 
  that 's a view that is also very popular among those concerned about the moon landing , reptilians and termites eating away at the wtc . 
  so it fits in nicely . 
  thx . 
  what law btw , the eternal state of emergency ? 
  seems like oliver stone is in good company . 
  some british wanker shares all his opinions inc. on russia . 
   and like i said , everyone and his neighbour knows where these sanctions come from . 
  it 's no secret . 
  there 's no conspiracy here . 
  please do n't claim r/europe as a more common opinion . 
  it has it 's leanings . 
  oh and it 's not british humour . 
  it 's my humour . 
  the context of your retarded diatribe was finland . 
  in finland apparently it * is * the common opinion . 
  that is also the case in most of the countries that neighbor your beloved russia . 
  who cares what anti-americans on the fringes of uk politics think ? 
  you 're hardly relevant in your own country , never mind anywhere else . 
   you do realize a whole 1/5 of trade loss is economically devestating right ? 
  or are we just being nice to the yanks because they increased a bit of trade to offset the sanctions . 
  it 's 1/5 of trade with russia . 
  not 1/5 of all trade . 
  and like the article said . 
  a quarter of all the finnish pre-crisis growth was just nokia . 
  if things would have remained the same that is 1 % yearly growth in gdp . 
  also fuck russia and it 's apologists . 
  thanks finland !, 
  exactly . 
  i 'd like a strong european army too , but there 's nobody to blame but us that it is n't there . 
  then again , if it 's gon na be mutti merkel at the helm . . never mind ... 
   you really do n't know about camden ? 
  haha !, 
  how does that saying go ? 
  ignorance is bliss for you  doubt many americans would shed a tear if commiefornia was manifest destiny 'd by the poor sap of a country willing to buy/conquer it from us . 
  sounds like pretty dumb propaganda to me . 
  it 's easily the strongest economy in the states right now . 
  too much so even , housing prices are nuts . 
  how old ? 
  shot in italy and spain . 
  all rather vague . 
  can any frenchie provide context ? 
   so all in all , the negative aspects were too small to discourage to move , there was still more strategic gain then loss , the only change is that tensions became more public than before then what are you russians complaining about ? 
  more sanctions i say !, 
   if that is indeed the plan , then it has ( so far ) spectacularly failed . 
  russia has more than enough power to support a peninsula the size of crimea indefinitely . 
  people there are n't rich , but they live fairly comfortable lives and being in russia , better than their ukranian neighbors as well . 
  i like how you keep contradicting yourself . 
  first they were poor crimeans being victimized by evil europe into destitution . 
  while the actors responsible for this crime ( putin and russia ) are n't hurt by these sanctions . 
  and now you say they are absolutely fine and putin and russia can just cut into their own fat to keep it that way . 
  which is it ? 
  in any case if your question is * genuine * it has been answered . 
  it 's about maintaining stability and doing the best we can to keep pandora 's box closed . 
  if that is to the detriment of 2 million crimeans , we can live with that . 
  we 've been trough two wold wars and soviet oppression of half the continent . 
  there are bigger things to consider . 
  there are plenty of pakistani 's and other cuddly characters of the crescent moon streaming into schengen . 
  tbh i want britain to leave not because i do n't want a strong and just europe that includes britain . 
  i want britain to leave because i feel the eu has to be broken at this point to ever get fixed . 
   i think the others would have done ( and planned for ) a lot worse than just suggest they stay in turkish higher standard camps but oh well pffft i guess we 're the villains now who cares what these idiots say . 
  people probably respected them a year or two ago . 
  i doubt many people take them seriously now and i can bet that after a few half dozen more parisian parties get popped and more communal cologne consummations during carnival by our friendly bearded guests , these people and their ` humanitarianism ' will be totally irrelevant . 
  what a bright future !, 
  have an upvote . 
  what a decadent continent, 
   yet you have the us who is mostly responsible like `` oh we might take a few hundred '' , fuck them and msf right now . 
  ca n't hate on the usa for not being as idiotic as our leaders tbh . 
   i know people who worked for msf in the occupied territories . 
  they say they ca n't count the number of times israeli settlers set fire to palestinian olive orchards , just because they 're palestinian . 
  while israeli 's are decent people overall , a large amount of the settlers are immoral people who randomly punish local families that have nothing to do with hamas or hesbollah . 
  these settlers are about equally hateful and terrible people as palestinians are in general . 
  and for much the same reason ( religion , hate breeds hate etc. ) . 
  but while the settlers are only a small part of israeli society ( who shamefully , are supported by israel ) similar and greater levels of hatred and violence permeate the entire palestinian society . 
  there is the difference . 
  and that people in msf ca n't make this destinciton ( and the decision here to boycott eu ) just goes to prove what sort of ideologues they are . 
  just keeps arms-lengths and wear modest winter-clothing !, 
  no bikinis this time please . 
  yes , italy is the first non-conflict zone that syria and somalia border ... ... ... 
   neither do you , you only represent yourself . 
  i never said i did . 
  on german nukes : i simply recognize that germany 's and western europe 's interest are very similar .
