what was weird about it ? 
  curious  actually i was guiding my old brazilian roomie around a few dutch cities last weekend , terrible weather . 
  rotterdam and the hague really need summertime weather much moreso than charming old dutch cities where you can just go bar hopping in cozy streets . 
  on a nice summer-day ( in the weekend ) these cities ( leiden and utrecht at least ) are wonderfully active . 
  not the madhouse of amsterdam , but perfect . 
  how is it totally overlooked ? 
  it was in tons of ridiculous lists in 2014-2015 and the difference in activity/tourist on the streets in the summer is immense . 
  i wonder how we do in value . 
  europe still a lot richer and the tonnage difference is not insurmountable . 
  we might still be 1 in $ ? 
  ( make the europoort great again !! ), 
  german humor , it 's no laughing matter !, 
  hope to all go to germany . 
  it 's not what we are doing . 
  step 1 is stop , step 2 is resume when we are sure that we can integrate them . 
  so my vote ( despite being left ) is clear next elections . 
  well being proud of your history is fundamentally a bit silly in any case . 
  as you had nothing to do with it . 
  as far as colonialism is concerned , i just think westerners ( and the rest of the world too ) are incredibly myopic and self-obsessed ( western obsessed ) . 
  colonialism does n't make them any more morally corrupt than any other nation at the time . 
  merely stronger . 
  there were no paragon 's of ethics at the time as far as i can see . 
  people tend to have this romantic view of the * noble savage * and so on which is mostly fed by pure disinterest and myopia . 
  therefore i think it 's rather silly to even be so judgmental of the colonial actors at the time . 
  yes they were assholes , so was everybody else , yes they were very strong ... not something so be so embarrassed about . 
   if you really believe that broad assumption , i think this discussion is over . 
  absolutely i do . 
  it 's not even a discussion http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
  well then i propose we send them all to germany and build a wall around it . 
  it will be less than killing them and everyone can be happy . 
  and you will have the wonderful european values of syria or perhaps the new de-facto state next to syria . 
  mass-immigration has nothing to do with democratic values . 
  and mass-immigration of anti-democratic fascists has even less to do with democratic values . 
  there is no paradox here . 
  we already are . 
  but i guess we 'll make a lot of money selling our expertise to coastal areas all over the world ( as we already do ) . 
  and also our agriculture expertise . 
  not sure if swedenstan can be saved , as i understand dykes are absolutely haram , 
  your average european does n't say shit about their former empire . 
  anyway when they do in nl it 's usually something apologetic . 
  but i still would say they are proud of it . 
  and i do n't blame them either , at all . 
  that has n't stopped it though , only massively decreased it from the insane figures of last year down to mere mass-migration . 
  the fact remains : our 2nd and 3rd generation are more radical and less integrated than their grandparents . 
  we should be adding 0 until there is a demonstrable plan to integrate those already here . 
  it was a foolish endeavor . 
  but we do n't need to entertain your idea because even if it was a racket-conspiracy that is besides the point . 
  at the end of the day it was the inherent religious-sectarianism and garbage culture that lead to the carnage . 
  even if puppet masters were pulling the strings towards some unclear goal these sectarian strings and garbage savage culture is inherent . 
  so the conclusion is the same : we ca n't help them , they hate us for who we are . 
  sure , we ca n't make policy tailored for individuals though . 
  we ca n't test people for liberal democracy acceptance and even if we could that does n't guarantee their descendants would be . 
  so no mena muslims . 
  the middle-east falling apart does n't interest me ( or the world ) as much as europe falling apart . 
  instead of saddam killing a few million it was a bunch of his baathist followers killing a few million big whoop . 
  the me is always a mess and the world can ignore it for the most part except for nukes and oil . 
  now , which region is the theater of the vast majority of the world 's conflicts and both of the global total-war conflicts ? 
  besides , i specified : western europe . 
  well there is at least 1 pre-condition about which there can be no discussion : ( completely ) stop muslim immigration . 
  we have already conceded that integration has been a failed project for 50 years . 
  it 's insane to add fuel to the fire . 
  if we can fix it , great . 
  demonstrate it first and then after we can start importing new muslims if we please . 
  well mostly thank you angela merkel . 
  mark my words she will go down in history as the most destructive western-european leader since 1945 ( and i already had that view before the refugee crisis ) . 
  of course it 's very possible that trump will steal her thunder but i think it 's enough cynicism for 2016 . 
   well , bush did n't do nation building at all . 
  more nation destroying and grab everything you can . 
  not only in afghanistan , iraq but the usa as well . 
  but the yanks voted him two times so they must have some kind of self destruct mentality . 
  it was nation destroying because the sunni muslims decided that the idea of dirty western boots on the ground was so hatefully disgusting that they 'd rather massacre a million of their own for it than make it work . 
  yes it was idiotic , but also lay the responsibility where it really lies . 
  do n't be fooled into thinking that we can help these people . 
   i will not willingly give up my european values without a fight , so no that solution is unacceptable allowing millions of mena muslims to play the mediterranean lottery for the citizenship prize is the fastest way of destroying our european values . 
  so what is your solution ? 
  it can be a mix of solution 2 and 3 . 
  what should be noted is that solution 2 does not require so many casualties . 
  in the grand scheme of things , not that many people died crossing from eastern germany , of course you can say that these people were way less desperate but it was also an astronomically easier crossing . 
  and if we 're going with white man 's burden solution nr . 
  3 there has to be the political will to do what has to be done . 
  and it will take many casualties as well . 
  regions will have to be pacified and it ca n't be done half-assed as in iraq . 
  it will require complete , colonial style domination and wiping out the indigenous culture and religion ( sources of sectarian violence and resistance ) . 
  all of this sounds rather impossible , but it is less impossible than hosting these people . 
  what is more politically viable : fiscal union or dumping the euro . 
  we have to choose one and there is no excuse why we did n't choose one 6 years ago and avoided so much suffering . 
  curse merkel . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , anyone who welcomes liberal democracy and civil rights is welcome . 
  that means everyone could come , except muslims . 
  well these * problems * associated with mass migration are exactly the same problems that wilders ( and fortuyn etc. ), 
  has been addressing all these years . 
  so it 's true that the establishment can no longer ignore them due to the acute issues of the migration crisis . 
  but fortuyn and wilders were right . 
  but meanwhile , little by little the establishment parties will appropriate many of his goals and views . 
  of course you could argue that it has little to do with wilders and more to do with reality catching up with these clowns , but that is hardly an indictment of wilders . 
  no i ca n't speak for the american context . 
  low unemployment means little in the flyover states that trump won where the median is poorer than 40 years ago . 
  i think america 's deranged swj 's might have also tipped the election . 
  whites being tired to hear they are the source of all the world 's problems and refusing to take real racism seriously anymore due to the boy who cried wolf . 
  anyway your retort makes no sense .
