   yup , if eu let 's countries to leave just like that other will follow , it is about survival now . 
  yeah but like everything eu this is the eu trying to fix something with band-aids when catastrophe has already happened and ignoring the structural issues . 
  the underlying causes of brexit are not addressed at all . 
  the eu in it 's current form will certainly not survive continued mass-migration no matter how big an example they mike the uk . 
  ultimately the eu will have to give it 's members the type of deal the uk is now asking for or come up with some sort of other magical solution . 
  ... . that makes no sense ... 
  the clock would be ticking for them so they would n't stay regardless when article 50 is played . 
  anyway everyone here is hyped about making britain an example and clearly there is no appetite from the eu to do them any speciaal favours either but if the eu thinks that making an example out of them will somehow solve their internal issues they are gravely mistaken . 
  there are downsides to both options . 
  i think it was theorized as a counterweight to the northern landmasses . 
  antartica ended up being much smaller than the theorized landmass . 
  yeah that is my problem with leftist in general ... 
  i tend to appreciate their economic viewpoints but in terms of international relations i view them as amoral at best ... 
  they have 9000 + pages on the usa . 
  they have less than 5 % of that for china and russia combined ... 
  i think my assessment is more than fair . 
   the netherlands was also a province of spain back in the day . 
  imagine you guys did n't achieve your independence yet . 
  how would you feel if dutch was left as a second-tier ` regional ' language ? 
  the netherlands would also be probably more economically successful than andalusia and their tax money would also go that way . 
  well if your relationship ever got that dysfunctional as to end in open-warfare i would definitely support independence . 
  long before that even , but you have your work cut-out . 
  if say in 15 years 70 % still ask for independence i think i would support it . 
   how would you feel though if i told you ` i 'm not naturally inclined to be very sympathetic to nationalist regional tendencies ' when you spoke of being able to hold a referendum on dutch independence ? 
  everyone gets treated as a regional nationalist until they have their own country , the same happend in the baltics , the balkans or the former austro-hungarian countries . 
  it 's a matter of history and perspective . 
  i 'm not sure if balkanization is such a great advertisement of nationalism . 
  we live in a globalized world of superpowers and geopolitics . 
  our western interests , which i believe to be congruent with freedom , democracy and human decency , are more effectively advocated for if we stand strong together . 
  i do n't really believe further balkanization serves that goal . 
  ultimately for me our collective interests trump our differences . 
  in any case i do n't think either of us see self-determination as some sort of absolute value . 
  what if stiges decided it wanted a referendum after all ? 
  to protect it 's dutch-english culture  i know that is a hyperbole but it illustrates the point : who gets to vote ? 
  how far does this go and why ? 
  in the end , on catalan independence , i 'm not saying no ( it 's not my place to say no in any case ) but these are some of my concerns and reasons for skepticism . 
  i do n't really know enough about spanish internal politics and context to really make any strong judgement on that . 
  i guess by nature i 'm actually more of an internationalist globalist who has only recently been shaken up by the insanities of the eu and the realities of geopolitics to see the value in nationalism and the nation state as they currently are . 
  so i 'm not naturally inclined to be very sympathetic to nationalist regional tendencies . 
  my main opposition to catalan independence in it 's current context is that if i understand correctly it has really gained steam as a result of the crisis . 
  from an outsider perspective it can be read as catalans being unhappy their tax money is going to andalusia . 
  not my idea of solidarity , i guess it is the timing of the whole thing . 
  would we be here today without the crisis ? 
  of course it 's easy to judge , catalunya is comfortable compared to andalusia but not exactly compared to nl . 
  a big issue i have with referendums like these is the asymmetry in the options . 
  for example , if the scots would have chosen independence by 51 % there probably would n't be another vote for a few decades or centuries if ever . 
  but it having gone the other way there might be another vote fairly soon . 
  should 51 % make such a decision ? 
  i think it requires a larger consensus . 
  and lastly i quite like spain ( inc catalunya ) . 
  but it 's not my country and it wo n't affect me so much so i do n't care so much . 
  those are some of my thoughts as an outsider however . 
  who should one support in spain if you oppose refugees and russia ? 
  i would add opposing catalan independence and left economics to the mix but i do n't want to make it a wholly impossible rubik 's cube . 
  and to think 4 years ago when i did erasmus in madrid that i considered rajoy about the worst option . . lol, 
   are you referring to the latest news about russia making negative and threatening press about finland ? 
  because that actually turned out to be news only in the united states and the great britain . 
  most likely manufactured by their agencies to generate anti-russia sentiment . 
  no , i 'm referring to your long friendly history with your easterly neighbor . 
  also you being outside of nato ( and why ) . 
   that 's a great amount of mind reading , which i happen to completely disagree with . 
  perhaps you are just misreading their motivations ? 
  people are different and do n't always think alike . 
  there 's always plenty of room for misinterpretation . 
  perhaps , i 've seen it up close though and i used to be pretty leftist on foreign affairs ( grew up during the bush years what can you do ) . 
  i know it 's fairly easy to become so obsessed with the west 's faults , so self-obsessed and myopic that you fail to properly contextualize . 
  in the end there are many westerners whose politics i would n't describe as anything more sophisticated or elaborate than ` anti-western ' . 
  in the end if you ask them what they stand for or what their values are they sum-up a bunch of western values but they spend all their time and mental energy opposing the west and making excuses for its enemies . 
  they simply do n't realize this . 
  maybe that does n't properly describe assange . 
  but in my view it 's a fairly accurate assessment of many of his fans at least . 
   would n't your home be better able to stand up to horrible foreign regimes if it was less corrupt ? 
  perhaps , it depend on how corrupt we currently are . 
  have our leaders gotten so corrupt as to be selling countries between them ? 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  however , what would certainly help us at home stand up to horrible foreign regimes is airing their dirty laundry . 
  wikileaks has not done so , why ? 
   still , i 'm of the opinion that the leaks work in supportive function of real western values , not in opposition of it . 
  i 'm yet to be convinced that wikileaks is a threat to real core values of what it means to be european or what it means to be an american . 
  they are not a threat to these values directly , this works on the scale of geopolitics . 
  if the west ca n't think clearly on issues like russia treating it 's neighbors ( like finland ) like soviet-era satellites as happens in ukraine then it is a direct threat to citizens of the free world . 
  it 's classic divide and conquer . 
  maybe it 's a coincidence that wikileaks is supporting the us presidential candidate that wants to dissolve nato and happens to love putin . 
  and maybe it 's a coincidence they do n't leak anything on russia and china . 
  i call assange , and leftist with similar worldviews , anti-western nihilists because that is their sole motivator . 
  they are not marxists , because the enemies of the west are no longer marxists , yet they still oppose the west when their former ideology has already lost . 
  they are like zombies in battle , still fighting on but having forgotten their motivation . 
  their only consistent ideology is anti-westernism . 
  but there 's nothing they are actually for , hence nihilist . 
  some of them are off course anarchists , nihilists of slower intelligence as far as i 'm concerned . 
   well , it could be that he agrees with you that the west is the best but he just thinks it could be even better if certain corruption was brought to light . 
  you can recognize your system is the best currently available in the world and be critical of it at the same time maybe he does think that . 
  but he does n't release info on the russians or chinese which does not contradict that worldview . 
  in the end all it does , whatever the intention , is weaken the west , weaken democracies and strengthen its enemies . 
  this is already the most popular and potent argument used by enemies of the west `` do n't criticize me , you 're a hypocrite '' . 
  please do n't criticize mao , do n't criticize stalin , the west are hypocrites . 
  and they happily go on to kill 70 million . 
  the great tragedy of 60s leftists idealists is that for all the truth to power they thought they were expressing they were merely apologizing for some of history 's greatest monsters . 
  how different could the 20th century have been if the world stood firm with one voice against these tyrants ? 
  and did not get confused into false-equivalence delusions between the west and them ?
