  used to try to order fristi for my designated driver or otherwise non-drinking collegemates . 
  used to have a ranking for female attractiveness bases on liquor-strength too , with fristi 's being the label for the hottest girls . 
  childish college days , good times , 
  in amsterdam you actually have a lot of budget sit-down options due to the volume of tourists . 
  it 's pretty hard to get a non fast-food meal below 10 or even 15 in nl usually but in amsterdam there are a lot of options . 
  still none of that would be dutch food and most of it caters to stoned tourists so it 's not haute-cuisine . 
  more comfort food . 
  amsterdam and other big cities do have a very good food scene due to the england-syndrome ( our native food being so shit that we are full of foreign restaurants instead ) but it is expensive . 
  our supermarkets are the best and among the cheapest though ( habit is a big factor here , but it 's bliss not having to be in line for ages like everywhere else !, 
  i 'm lucky having grown up with an argentinian mother ( who still likes dutch fare more than me ) . 
  it 's particularly funny walking around in amsterdam which is full of argentinian steakhouses for no reason ( there are no argentinians in nl , it 's merely a generic brand for steak ) . 
  they literally have a higher density of them than in buenos aires i 'm sure . 
  if stamppot/hutspot was n't shit then how come a restaurant serving it is almost impossible to find in it 's own country of origin ? 
  checkmate !, 
  it 's easier to find an ethiopian restaurant here than a dutch one . 
  dutch cheese is good . 
  it 's more the fact that we eat poverty on some bread for lunch . 
  then again i 'm very guilty of this myself . 
  as this takes 5 seconds to prepare of course . 
  it 's boiled carrots , onions and mashed potatoes pretty much . 
  it tastes about as bland as that sounds ( and boiled carrots are a pet-peeve of mine ) . 
  tbh i prefer the breakfast and lunch shown there  great dutch dishes ( our sweets ) : http://www.lekkercuracao.com/wp-content/uploads/poffertjes_2.jpg and ( our indonesian imports ) : http://www.smaaklokaal.nl/uploads/fotos/334/combideal_sate_450_250.jpg, 
  nah , but it 's better than what we 've got . 
  as evidenced by the fact that it is n't difficult to get british fare in the uk while dutch restaurants are harder to find in holland than unicorns . 
  our sweets are good though . 
  well then you would love dutch food . 
  enjoy our fries !, 
  but we do get high on our own supply : s, 
  i 'm not a coffeesnob . 
  to me i still like italian coffee culture the most . 
  but northerners drink a lot more coffee than italians . 
  coffee being the omnipresent staple that it is ( and has been for centuries ) it 's really not a stretch that other countries have started putting some effort into it . 
  i just recently combined the two . 
  it was godlike . 
  feta cheese on pizza is really really good ( and i 'm a relative pizza-snob for a northerner , ca n't abide pizza hawaii or pizza kebab ) . 
  britfood gets a bad rep ( though it is n't good ) but spanish food is god-tier . 
  you are wrong, 
  get rich or die fryin ', 
  lmao, 
   with the lights off . 
  to be fair this does have the potential to increase the sex appeal of these scenes if they involve british actresses . 
  from now on , new puritan laws require missionary , unlit scenes exclusively for this dirty sinful act . 
  all pornographic videos shall be required to end in footage of live-childbirth which shall hereafter be referred too as the ` moneyshot ' . 
  and the hilarious thing is that we grew up as the wealthiest , global trading power due to the spice trade yet our food is so bad that warzone refugees rather go back and die in syria : http://www.omroepwest.nl/nieuws/2985457/vluchtelingen-overnachten-uit-protest-op-straat-in-den-haag-het-eten-in-de-opvang-is-niet-lekker, 
  typical dutch breakfast : http://www.healthylives.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/sandwiches-1325616-280x220.jpg typical dutch lunch : http://www.healthylives.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/sandwiches-1325616-280x220.jpg typical dutch dinner ( tastes worse than it looks ) : http://www.budgetgerecht.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/hutspot.jpg, 
  so dutch food is better than andalusian or portugese ... suuuuuure ( our indigenous food is the worst that i have so far come across ) . 
  true , but most of that wealth is locked up in housing . 
  germany has very cheap housing ( and cheap costs of living ) while having high wages . 
  does that make them losers ? 
  rather have germany 's housing situation than the uk 's . 
  i 'm not sure what that means ? 
  nobody is forcing our leaders to govern by polls . 
  and no politician has ever been praised for doing so . 
  what other * limitations * do they have except for these self imposed ones ? 
  it 's not the us who put the golden pot and an open invitation on our shores . 
  people like merkel did . 
  we do n't have to accept these people if we do n't want to . 
  our own agency . 
  they should have defaulted i agree . 
  back in 2010 . 
  but the eu probably blackmailed them by promising ( extra ) pain if they left the euro . 
  for the sake of the euro . 
  these were people saving their own project and reputation rather than what was best for europe . 
  they have cut expenditures by 30 % !, 
  something totally unheard of in modern european history . 
  it has led to exactly the carnage that the critics predicted . 
  back when our idiot establishment in northenr eruope was cutting our own expenditures promising economic growth due to * confidence * ( totally discredited now and discredited at the time ) . 
  sorry but the critics were 100 % right and the eurocrats 100 % wrong . 
  people have short memories and it 's not in the interest of our eu leaders to remind us how their performance stack up to their promises . 
  but if you go back and check the record it is pretty damning ( except i guess for germany domestically ) . 
  why on earth are we providing shelter for an islamist anyway ? 
  let them eat eachother . 
  if greece would have done so in 2010 . . can anybody confidently claim that they would have been worse of by now ? 
   there 's no real other choice for the eu either . 
  otherwise , there 'd be no benefits in staying and no drawbacks in leaving . 
  everyone would leave and there 'd be no eu anymore . 
  they could also attempt to fix the underlying issues that members have with the eus : mass-migration and freedom of movement for labor . 
  getting rid of merkel would be a great start , stubborn germans ... 
   staying ahead of the curve is apparently not an option . 
  the eu in a nutshell . 
  and people wonder why it 's so unpopular . 
  i 've seen it used on / turkey . 
  anyway it 's a more useful term than * islamophobe *, 
  sorry , i 'm not your average german antifa nutcase , so your labels do n't sway me so much . 
  you make some `` but the autobahn ! '', 
  argument but the fact is that you made the comparison to stalin and mao . 
  who were purely detrimental to human development , and slaughtered their own citizens rather than adversary armies . 
  i did n't say that napoleon was good i merely said that he was much better than mao and stalin . 
  that was the comparison you made . 
  and it is wrong . 
  unlike hitler , napoleon also abolished feudalism . 
  releasing masses of people from slavery . 
  no such things can be said of hitler . 
  it is a distinction , is it not ? 
  mao and stalin did not only kill a lot of people , they also destroyed civilizations and enslaved hundreds of millions of people . 
  napoleon did the opposite . 
  it 's not a detail . 
  nah , napoleon dragged europe into modernity . 
  stalin and mao did the opposite . 
  there is a clear distinction besides the body-counts .
