   can we all just take a moment to laugh at jean-fran\u00e7ois cop\u00e9 ? 
  i meant seeing snow on the mountain peaks  mexico has some tall volcanoes !, 
  ca n't you just visit seasons on your mexican volcanoes ? 
  some gusts but it 's actually pretty nice outside ( delft , i 'm sure it 's miserable in rotterdam ), 
  with the news that merkel is running for re-election i have no choice but to hope for le pen 's election . 
  the eu will end up with a membership of 1 and germans will still be defending her . 
  whatever , hopefully by 2017 the political context in europe will be clear enough even for her thick skull . 
   i completely agree . 
  this will also most likely do the opposite to what they wish to achieve . 
  it 's just a senseless and horrible act by a bunch of messed up peopl how so ? 
  what do you think they want to achieve ? 
  i think they want to deter refugees and make them feel unwelcome . 
  might work . 
  pathetic article . 
  not just that , they should be sanctioned too . 
   i 'm all for deporting denied asylum seekers back to safe places , but is afghanistan really a safe place ? 
  afghanistan is pretty unsafe because it 's full of afghans . 
  they could have just left the netherlands as is in this map : / would have been a more interesting map if they had attempted to keep nationalities/political borders intact . 
  merge provinces until you reach some set size ( 18 million in this case ), 
  it 's absolute madness that anyone is still considering expanding the eurozone . 
  a testament to the insanity of our wise and humble establishment . 
  we trained you very badly i see :( * omelette du fromage ! , kiki et sur la table * how did i do ? 
  can i compensate with spanish ? 
  such a silly country !, 
  500k people and still manage to have 3 languages !, 
  how similar is luxembourgish to french ? 
  watch the video ( they speak in english after a while ) . 
  i wanted to punch that b * tch through my tv when i saw that . 
  that is pretty disgusting . 
  sauce ? 
  good way . 
  lots of activity , lots of expats/tourists . 
  what 's up with luxembourg ? 
  already so rich and growing so fast . 
  maybe i should look for a job there :p any luxbro 's have any tips ? 
  does the spanish economy actually feel good at the moment ? 
  unemployment is still so high . 
  i spend a lot of time in madrid as an erasmus student in 2012 and after ( i was last there in early 2015 ) . 
  my old brazilian roomie visited me last week and just came from madrid and he said the activity int he streets was unrecognizable . 
  the kurdi tearjerking boy died on a turkish beach in 2015 . 
  was turkey a war-zone hellhole ? 
  nigeria is one of the most flourishing countries in africa and huge swathes of it are safe . 
  all these countries have safe-havens closer to them than fucking germany or italy . 
  they wo n't adapt so they are n't welcome . 
  it is not certain death at all . 
  it 's 1 % . 
  and these people are easy to lie to and easy to fool . 
  that 's why their countries are such fucking messes in the first place . 
  we had a dramatic fucking idiotic refugee drama-queen crying to the tv `` our rooms are sparse , no tv !, 
  why do n't you just kill us ! '', 
  these people are promised the world because that 's how these smugglers make money . 
  we should be having an operation targeting these smugglers , shoot to kill . 
   you do know that the number of rapes per capita has not changed whatsoever in germany ? 
  despite the influx ? 
  maybe that 's true but the german state has lost credibility in their handling of the subject we are discussing regarding this issue . 
  and merkel 's official policy of censorship . 
  you might not think that this is fair but that 's what you get for playing such stupid games ( as merkel has done in trying to suppress this story and censorship in general ) . 
  there are differences too . 
  jews were not an abusive ( and in very rare cases savagely violent and sadistic ) minority . 
  unlike muslims . 
  five rapes at least according to wiki . 
  2000 ` men ' sexually assaulting 1200 women . 
  you know if a few years down the line we end up goose-stepping in the streets and people who tried to deny and minimize this are wondering how we ever got there they can look themselves in the mirror . 
  yes and that 5 % corresponds nicely to 90 % of muslims ( since we 're pulling stats out of our ass anyway . . probably a good guesstimate though ) . 
  we have far more muslims in europe than jews . 
  as a recognizable muslim you can walk about unmolested pretty much everywhere all the time in nl and western europe . 
  incidents are the rare exception . 
  this is not the case at all for jews . 
  i dare you to walk around schilderwijk with a yamaka and see how long it takes . 
  fact is muslims ( muslim youth ) abuse society far more than the other way around and everybody knows this so do n't try to deny this . 
  you can make excuses for this like social exclusion and so on ( yet other minorities do n't engage in such social abuse ) but the fact remains . 
  do you have an argument or no ? 
  last i checked we were still in schengen . 
  the attack on brussels was actually meant for us and so was the train-attack foiled by that heroic american marine a while ago in the train from brussels to amsterdam . 
  regarding antisemitism in nl : https://www.eo.nl/magazines/visie/artikel-detail/antisemitisme-is-nog-nooit-zo-hard-geweest/ in any case i 'm sorry that you 're so embarrassed and in such denial about your shitty muslim peers ` mo. 
  but it 's not our fault , bitch at your fellow muslims . 
   cologne was the most exaggerate event ever . 
  seriously , more women are getting groped by german men in night clubs ever weekend and nobody ever gave a shit . 
  it 's just that the far right wanted to make a big deal out of it , but obviously they do n't care about women , it just legitimizes their hatred . 
  ladies and gentlemen . 
  i give you the victim-blaming far left . 
  apparently it 's just normal european culture to mass-rape and assault young girls in front of their families for the crime of daring to go celebrate nye outside . 
  the whores really deserved it you see !, 
  nothing to see here !, 
  this is just a distraction by women-haters . 
  mass-rape and sexual assault should be ignored lest we hurt the feelings of the rapists or even worse , give the right-wing some credibility !, 
  instead lets focus on real issues facing women such as manspreading and mansplaining !, 
  the nauseating moral maze of modern regressives ladies and gentlemen . 
  you really disgust me . 
  really ? 
  when is the last time 140 kids were killed because they were in a venue where the owners are muslim ? 
  bataclan was also targeted because the owners were jewish . 
  whatever you say https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_museum_of_belgium_shooting btw i was in porte de vincennes in paris when the attack on the jewish supermarket took place there . 
  i tried to see how close i could get ( thousands of swat like military police ) . 
  there was some old ugly hijab wearing whore shouting allahu akbhar and celebrating her neighbors getting slaughtered ( at least i 'm 99 % sure that is what she was doing , if i was a 100 % sure i would have spat in her face ) . 
  a jewish man almost got into a fight with her . 
  so i 'm sorry if your dismissive bs does n't sway me . 
   no , but modern anti-semitism largely exists because of hate towards israel . 
  times of israel is therefore trying to justify israel , with an issue that would not exist without israel , which is n't logical , constructive or useful in any way . 
  this is the kind of brain-rot you can expect from modern regressives .
