  and i do n't want these migrants setting of firecrackers and misunderstood group-hugs around new years so tough shit for them . 
  i do n't see how that disputes my point ? 
  regarding their empires i mostly hear westerners say bad things ? 
  even the dutch , who in general i think are pretty proud of their colonial history ( small nation , big empire ... napoleon complex ! ) . 
  if you ask them about the colonial empire and how it was for locals they wo n't say anything positive . 
   as a german i can say he is right . 
  no one saw us invaders during ww2 we have been the friendly visitors who just did n't like a few of the people ... you really should educate yourself ... 
  the more and more i read about this hitler character , well i do n't want to speak ill of the dead , but the more i do n't care for him !, 
  i have only heard westerners say bad things about their empires . 
  and mostly bad things too . 
  so what you say does n't ring true at all to me . 
   the other solution is to keep the countries wealthy and prosperous through global trade and technological advancement , allowing countries to maintain a large welfare state and a good safety net ( if there is a democratic will to do so ) . 
  the populist parties in europe seek to undermine free trade and investment in new technologies , effectively making their countries poorer in a very direct way . 
  this approach only makes everybody more equal by the virtue of making everybody poorer , - except the resulting rise in prices and reduced purchasing power will still hurt the poor the most . 
  the elites have neglected this option for so long trough sheer greed that it may soon no longer be viable . 
  not to mention the insane people who keep mocking and ignoring the concerns of the electorate ... 
  thanks for your application . 
  but we have our own issues , trump might be the joke du-jour but watch our establishment fools out-democrat the democrats !, 
  i 've done some research into this . 
  can confirm , it czechs out, 
  be sad ? 
  mutti merkel is not angry , just very disappointed ... 
   if you want to anger , scare and agitate people in order to vote against the refugees , you should be responsible enough to mention your alternative . 
  but then again that would n't make good politics . 
  just as refusing to agree on a number . 
  and by the same token , if you have admitted that integration has failed for 50 years ( as merkel has done ) when immigration was relatively lower . 
  you should offer a plan for the unprecedented levels of immigration that you are currently implementing . 
  anything else would be irresponsible ... 
  the solution is : no to illegal refugees from mena . 
  very easy . 
  the australian model . 
  we can allow some legitimate refugees directly from syria who go trough official channels . 
   you can integrate them , no question about it , but are you willing to do what it takes to integrate them ? 
  they have turks that after 50 years are more backwards than those in ankara . 
  and arabs are even worse . 
  this is an unfounded statement , no nation has been able to * integrate * muslim arabs so far . 
  perhaps the usa but they get a tiny amount of the most western-oriented , elite of the arab population . 
  i 'm bremain and even i am german, 
  we can also continue this insanity and kick the can down the road and vote for golden dawn in a few years . 
  we 're already past consequences , everybody 's hands are already soiled . 
  the more we procrastinate , the deeper shit we 'll be in and the uglier things will get . 
  that must be why jews are leaving europe and all synagogues ( inc one 5 min from where i am right now ) have 24/7 police protection . 
  the far-right , correct ? 
  muslims have no political power ( though they have already effectively wielded vigilante violence to oppress others and censor free-expression all over europe ) and i 'd like to keep it that way . 
  that 's why i 'm looking forward to my first right-wing vote next year . 
   against secular nationalists alongside with the islamist after victory , secular nationalist fighting alongside islamists quickly cease to exist . 
   russian forces massacred a significant part of the chechen nation , and bombed nearly the whole country to the ground . 
  yeah that 's why i said i could n't judge the whole conflict . 
  just the example that was given . 
  these are abstractions and sophistry . 
  of course history is written by the victors , but that is not relevant here . 
  geneva conventions do not apply to insurgents , and for good reason . 
  so abstracting to the level of * history is written by the victors * is neither relevant nor necessary here . 
  as this is not an issue of revisionist history . 
  and the example of ww2 you gave here is also not a very sophisticated one . 
  i 'm sorry but the conclusion * history is written by the victors * in relation to ww2 reeks of pseudo-intellectualism . 
  if there ever was a clear cut case of good guys vs bad guys it was that . 
  and good guys do n't have to be perfect or even anywhere near perfect to be the good guys . 
   the firebombing of axis cities can not be said to have been either useful or necessary in bringing the war to a close this is true but it misses the crucial point that this was not known at the time and could not have been known at the time . 
  this is still history 's most full application of ( at the time novel concept of ) total-warfare , cities were legitimate targets . 
  the assumption was that this would hinder the opponents war efforts and break morale . 
  a perfectly reasonable assumption especially given the fact that hiroshima and nagasaki achieved exactly this later-on ( many people are ignorant of the fact that those bombings saved millions of lives too ) . 
  despite all that obviously there are many war-crimes that you could lay at the feet of even the western allies . 
  but then concluding * history is written by the victors * in relation to that conflict distorts the facts rather than informing . 
  however true that statement may be on its own . 
  you might want to review my history then . 
  i 'd say that while the majority of my posts concern opposing islamism , most of the rest concerns opposing russia . 
  you are barking up the wrong tree here . 
  you can check my comments in the assange thread . 
  i 'm not sure if even that is true . 
  it could be , but i think it 's just as likely that 50 % + of them are in fact islamists . 
  but surely a large part of them are n't , that is true . 
  sad for them that they are victims of their neighbors and then . 
   that 's why the little green men in crimea were illegitimate combatants and would have been shot on sight by any other country than ukraine . 
  who mentioned them ? 
  i am happy for them to be destroyed . 
  i do not support russia . 
  quite the opposite . 
  i hate islamists even more though and they are far less civilized . 
  bs , geneva conventions apply to signatories and those that adhere to them . 
  insurgent , seperatist , islamist shitheads need not apply . 
  https://www.quora.com/do-the-laws-of-war-and-geneva-conventions-not-apply-to-insurgents-or-other-illegitimate-combatants this makes sense as the geneva conventions are designed to protect ones own soldiers and civilize warfare . 
  giving those that do not participate in this endeavor and engage in uncivilized savagery a the same benefits does not further this goal and actually undermines it . 
  keep torturing and killing islamists and jihadists please , thank you . 
  i ca n't judge the entire chechen conflict but i applaud the russians for text that loulan quoted ( and i hate russia so go figure ) . 
  but even if there would n't be too many for me it would n't matter . 
  angela merkel has decided that we need millions more . 
  of these new welcome guests about half of them would support death to apostates as a matter of law if pew is to be believed . 
  and our wonderful record of integration has so far achieved making second and third generation muslims more fascist , not less . 
  so you tell me why the native population is obliged to accept this ? 
  or take people like you seriously ? 
  and why should we fear our supposed fascists more than theirs ? 
  i can tell you one thing , you can only escape gravity for so long . 
  if you are concerned about the polls and sentiments of the far right in europe recently you have n't seen anything yet . 
  the longer this insanity continues the uglier and more difficult the backlash will be . 
  and if integration is possible it is certainly less possible tomorrow than it was yesterday . 
  there is no liberal muslim society on this planet , and your politicians have failed to invent them here for 50 years . 
  there has not been an islamic reformation in its history . 
  yet we are supposed to trust that you 're somehow going to invent them at this late hour in the 21th century ? 
  why should anyone believe you ?
