  so proud of europe . 
   trading deficit with someone means that you buy more than you sell to them . 
  spain is a trading deficit with us . 
  clear ? 
  i know exactly what it means . 
  and this means that if you two were to stop or decrease trade , spain would have to produce more of the lost imports themselves ( generally good for their economy ) and you would have to produce less due to export shortfall ( bad for your economy ) . 
  clear ? 
   also , how the hell is delusional ? 
  if they do n't want us in the eu we 're bound to create closed borders , it 'd be delusional if we did n't . 
  well your misunderstanding of economics already tipped me off . 
  if you were to seal your borders with the eu you 'd quickly fall into serbia style poverty . 
  while there is plenty of border left for spain with france , a port in valencia and the major airports still left . 
  utterly delusional . 
  you 're right you could hurt spain , but in the process you 'd commit economic suicide . 
  it 's no credible threat and in any case one that spain would be able to call . 
   as i said , they can but they wo n't . 
  it will hurt them more that it would hurt us . 
  not only beacause they are in a trading deficit in respect to us , but also beacause we 're their gateway into europe , and if they veto us you can be pretty damm sure that we 'd tariff the shit out of everything they 'd send trough . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation and neither wants that . 
  this appears to be the sort of rhetoric that is par of the course for separatists , no ? 
  i 'm sorry to say , but it 's laughable in its delusion . 
  also the fact that they are in deficit with you means that it is you who would lose far more . 
  not the other way around . 
  the canadians fought very valiantly in the two world wars among other things . 
  and were involved from very early on . 
  guess that 's what he 's referring to . 
  hope he 's more proud than embarrassed by that history though . 
  canadians are still very much appreciated in holland because of it . 
   they need to be harsh , otherwise it 's a clarion call for eurosceptics . 
  this is going to be bloody . 
  how about instead of building a union out of pain , threats and insults to its own citizens they try to build a union that people actually * want * to be a part of for a change ? 
  crazy idea , i know . 
  exactly , just roll with the punches . 
  next time say `` we are , that 's why we 're using your money to pay for it see '', 
   we 'll see how it goes but i 'm really getting pesymistic about the future of eu . 
  we 'll i 'm a cynic too , but i think today was the best thing that could have happened if there is ever going to be an eu worth saving . 
   it was no less a big deal before referendum , if they ignored and ridiculed it then they 're even dumber than that . 
  anyway just look around , even on / r/europe you have the top links about how british are dumb , well 1 ) . 
  this is the day after , half the brits and most of europe woke up to bitter news . 
  this is a much more important event than any general election in europe . 
  so it 's really no surprise that many people feel a need to vent and the venting is at historic levels . 
  it is an historic election after all . 
  many young brits will have the rest of their lives affected by this . 
  the eu has muddled towards and away from the edge of the abyss so many times now that it must feel second nature to them . 
  it 's basically become the eurocrat modus-operandi . 
  wait for greece to almost fall apart and come with a deal at the last minute time and time again , it takes ridiculous events like cologne and paris to get things done . 
  eurocrats need disasters to act because they have become too insular and idiotic to do anything otherwise , today is a disaster . 
  well this is a pretty big deal . 
  if they are ever going to wake up this is it . 
  i mean what bigger wake up call do they need ? 
  are we going to end up with an eu that is just luxembourg making threatening noises to poland for not being enlightened enough ? 
  spare me your moralizing . 
  after all it 's your mediterranean-lottery asylum policies that are sinking these people by the thousands right now . 
  explain to me how you propose to integrate these people and educate them about our wonderful human rights considering the context that you have failed to do so for 50 years : http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ and then tell me about the merits and cultural richness of virulant antisemitism and stoning gays and apostates . 
  i 'm all ears . 
   first of all the migrant crisis did n't happen because of fucking merkel , it does n't matter how you personally interpreted it , because those refugees were already well on their way here . 
  i agree that it does n't matter how i personally interpreted it , like it does n't matter how you personaly interpreted it . 
  all that matters is how it went around the world in the headlines . 
  in any case it does n't much matter , the incentive for this massive stream of islamists are the asylum politics of angela merkel and politicians like angela merkel . 
  no word games will change that . 
   second of all , this is a big one , so pay attention , the british had a hard on against immigrants long before the refugee crisis even happened , their whole `` the romanians are coming '' shtick has been going on for way longer than any kind of crisis and the hate and vitriol has been real for years now . 
  farage famously announced last year how millions of romanians will flood the uk once work restrictions are lifted , it was a big deal because everyone sat waiting at the airport for the hordes of romanians to invade the uk and all they got were a few families that came there to work ... https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4pkt01/uk_votes_to_leave_eu/d4mkckn the fact that you wish to group yourself into the same group as the islamists on the base of some shallow reading of identity politics is your problem . 
  not mine . 
  for some reason we here in holland are spared the scourge that are roma gypsies so i wo n't comment on that . 
  but you know damn well that romanian = / roma . 
  in any case i wo n't deny that there is a lot of nativism going on , on the anti-eu and anti-immigration side of the equation . 
  but just because a lot of the wrong people are on one side does n't mean that they are actually wrong on each individual issue . 
  before cologne all the * right * people thought it would be great to have open borders . 
  now they changed their tune . 
  all the smart and bright people have steered our european economic ship over the past 8 years , and have performed worse than the ignorant leaders did at the time during the great depression . 
  i have very little confidence in elites anymore ( though i could be classed as one ) . 
   whatever , it 's not worth having a discussion with you , i 've seen your type of rhetoric on reddit countless times already , you have absolutely no mind of your own and you 're just repeating soundbytes about `` merkel is inviting muslims in to rape us because of soros ' agenda of destroying europe through multiculturalism '' i probably look more like a syrian than you , but that does n't mean i wo n't hate fascists any less if it 's brown people that are wearing the brown shirts . 
  you do n't know anything about me . 
  i am a lefty ( and the son of a refugee ) . 
  the one thing i am not is a cultural relativist lefty , because that is no different from being a nihilist skilled at the art of hypocrisy . 
  the * problem * with people like you is that you do n't have the courage to honestly reflect on figures as disgusting and awful as these : http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
   big media only picked it up days later but this regional paper published this story it on january first ? 
  thanks for helping me prove my point i guess ? 
  the police did cover it up . 
  which is why big media was so late . 
  of course that you can even keep the lid on this as much as they did in 2016 ( in a massive public event where every other person is filming in the middle of the city on the most crowded night in the year ) is pretty amazing in itself . 
   except migrants are drowning in the med since the early 90s when merkel was an almost unknown easth german politician and renzi idk a university student ( ? ) . 
  the fact that a certain part of the continent refused to recognise that a problem existed for more than 10 years does n't mean that it did n't existed for real . 
  yes , and by the same token people have been getting shot inside the borders of present day syria since the 17th century , nothing changed after 2011 !, 
  nothing to see here !, 
  i guess if we abstract things to this level of discourse we can safely obfuscate all reality around us . 
  the fact is the drownings before 2014 are an order of magnitude lower than after . 
  and besides , that incentive was also there for those 20 years you 're talking about . 
  the me was just less of a mess and it was n't advertised to the same extent by idiots like merkel . 
  yes she did . 
  does n't matter what technicalities you might want to use to weasel your way out of it . 
  this is how the world ( and the refugees ! ), 
  interpreted to mean what she said . 
  she 's not an idiot ( ok she is ) , she knows perfectly well how people would interpret her words . 
  and her regret does n't change a thing . 
  now go fuck off yourself . 
  i did n't vote in the brexit so it 's not my fault you 're out of a job there ( it 's merkel 's fault ) . 
  true , my anger is most focused on merkel and some of our other northern-european leaders . 
   how are these scandals so popular when they are being covered up ? 
  doesnt this prove the opposite ?
