  well . . 
  yes . 
  but a le pen election does not guarantee an frexit does it ? 
  say you wake up tomorrow and le pen is president , winning 51 % of the vote . 
  what is the chance of a frexit ? 
  what ? 
  politicians have denied that these immigrants are a problem for decades . 
  in fact they still do . 
  even the widely held admission that multiculturalism has failed is a form of political correctness . 
  because it is not multiculturalism that has failed , nobody is bothered by the asian or latin american immigrants or whatever . 
  it is a very specific group that causes almost all of the problems . 
  but only now that it has become absolutely impossible to deny and ignore any longer are mainstream politicians admitting it . 
   many of their parents fled war-torn countries in search of safety and found it in sweden . 
  they appear grateful for what the country has offered them . 
  their children , however , often feel they 've been discriminated against and left out of the system . 
  many young people i spoke to said they felt disconnected from the country where their parents came from - but did n't feel they were swedish either . 
  these children need it drilled in their heads from a young age in school that their culture is trash . 
  and that there is nothing higher/more worthy than swedish/western culture . 
  we used to snicker and get a bit nervous over the patriotic fanaticism displayed by americans . 
  or the creepy allegiance to the flag every morning . 
  but it worked !, 
  until recently at least ( usa suffers from mass-migration and some leftist self-hatred as well ) . 
  these kids need an identity to rally around . 
  if that ca n't be ethnic than it should be national . 
  either that or cease this reckless multiculti experiment . 
   meet a young woman in the basement of a building in gothenburg , sweden 's second city . 
  she seems like any other young western woman , wearing tight clothing and make-up . 
  but she has recently returned from raqqa in syria , where her husband died fighting for the so-called islamic state ( is ) . 
  the fact that this woman is allowed to return to receive generous welfare provided to her by native swedes instead of a well deserved summary execution is a total outrage . 
  sweden is literally funding isis . 
  pathetic . 
  sweden deserves to be endlessly mocked . 
  they are being reckless and their recklessness is corrosive to the entire schengen area . 
  so it is our business . 
  and swedes are free to volunteer their opinion on other nations ( and they have in the past , europeans have never been shy about shit-talking the us . . especially the progressive types ) . 
  tbh neither muslims nor gypsies are wholly innocent of their terrible reputation . 
  quite the opposite . 
  though my experience with gypsies is limited to the statistics and my experience with hustlers in my time in other european cities ( madrid , paris , berlin etc. ) . 
  in nl we do n't seem to have much of a problem . 
  well it 's the main reason why i would n't be so unhappy if she won . 
  if anyone can motivate the current eu leadership to correct course after brexit it would be a le pen election . 
  but the fact is that the french president does have the potential to have immense influence in the eu . 
  even with an economically lagging france . 
  simply make a forceful case against austerity and/or against mass migration and i bet that there would have been a more moderate course as a compromise rather than the disaster that we got . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  do you honestly deny that the refugee crisis is relevant to the french voter and a political issue ? 
  forget the snarky points i might have made . 
  we got on this tangent because you took issue with that . 
  it really seems like a rather obvious point to me and something few deny . 
  you are right actually . 
  but the issue and cause is the same : muslim immigration . 
  thus these refugees are relevant to the french voters . 
  nope . 
  but these frenchmen do get slaughtered by economic-migrants and their descendants coming from the same culture and regions . 
  this deliberate obtuseness convinces nobody except the already convinced . 
  `` french passport thus it might as well have been pierre !, 
  discussion over !, 
  i ca n't hear you lalalallaa '' anyway it 's besides the point . 
  i 'm not saying the le pen voters are correct in their analysis , i 'm merely alluding to the fact that they do see this connection . 
  even if you do n't and thus it is politically relevant . 
   we do n't have that problem . 
  yes you do have that problem politically . 
  why is le-pen resurgent ? 
  is it because every few months a few dozen frenchmen get slaughtered for having the nerve to go about their business ? 
  that 's part of it probably . 
  well . 
  if france were to leave the eu the project would be dead ... 
  carrot and stick , you have leverage . 
  `` austerity is not in our interest , neither are millions of socially/financially costly refugees . 
  we have to come to some compromise or otherwise i 'm forced to consult the french people on the course being proposed '', 
  a balanced look at the dutch tradition of black pete . 
  vox approaches this subject from a refreshing american perspective !, 
  the french president really has the potential to be a counterbalance to merkel . 
  and we desperately needed one the past years . 
  too bad hollande was pretty useless at that . 
  yeah i misread icapica 's comment . 
  i thought that he said that he thought the bilbao one was n't very successful . 
  the bilbao one has been incredibly successful . 
  put the city on the map . 
  any city would pay almost any amount of money to buy that sort of boost . 
  of course these things are unpredictable , guggenheim # 3 is probably not that ` sydney opera house ' silver bullet for helsinki . 
  helsinki could use an attraction though , right now the the public image of helsinki is fairly empty . 
  why would one visit helsinki ? 
   international community and australian citizens themselves . 
  so have we . 
  this does n't impress me . 
  criticized orban for closing borders as well before they started copying him . 
  in any case , unlike the australians we could run the camps ourselves ( in europe or africa ) and do it as humanely as we 'd like . 
  as long as it 's 100 % clear that citizenship is not happening it would be effective . 
  look , we probably have different ideologies . 
  i 'm actually somewhat leftist utopian in my views . 
  meaning that i 'm more interested in optimizing social welfare for all than in protecting sacred cows . 
  i recognize that our right to free-speech and freedom of expression is not absolute anyway ( although in general i would like to expand these rights from the current status quo in europe ) . 
  therefore i 'm uninterested in protecting self-destructive tendencies of free-speech . 
  islamism could be argued to be free-speech . 
  but i 'm perfectly willing to compromise my values to combat this cancer . 
  i feel the same about communism and ( actual ) fascism . 
  i realize that the burka ought to fall under the principle of freedom of expression ( though the ban discussed can perfectly be defended from a public safety standpoint ) . 
  however , i also realize that the correlation between the burka and a totalitarian ideology that is completely hostile to all civil rights is 100 % . 
  it is merely an expression of this totalitarian ideology that , among other things , seeks to turn women into chattel .
