  it 's visa-free travel . 
  and as i understand it 's not yet implemented because turkey so far has refused to comply with the security standards that were part of the deal ? 
  at least that was the story a few months ago . 
  but that 's besides the point , presumably you 're not calling us racist because the visa has been delayed correct ? 
  you 're calling us racist because we do n't like turkey or the turkish immigrants we have ( that are more pro akp than turks themselves ) . 
  i 'm just pointing out that you do n't seem to like them either , and probably for the same reason . 
  i understand your frustration in being a collateral victim to this circumstance . 
  but it 's not our fault . 
  i only ever eat at these places as a tiny lunchtime snack . 
  so from the euro-menu . 
  here in nl i can get a small cheeseburger + fries + drink for 2 euros ( shake add 20 cents ) . 
  solid deal !, 
  i think whopper and big mac are about the same price . 
  but i never buy them ( ca n't remember ever having had a big mac where i was n't disappointed at the end ) . 
  i just get a kebab or something instead . 
  visa-free travel . 
  they were promised that and a few billions for this refugee deal . 
  but they also had to comply with a lot of standards . 
  which as far as i know they are n't close to doing . 
   that doesnt clean you guys of your racism what racism ? 
  we do n't want to live with your shitty culture ( or worse . . syria 's shitty culture ) anymore than you do . 
  how does that make us racist but not you ? 
  this rhetoric does n't work anymore paolo . 
  and besides , you do n't have to live with the consequences of these migrants regardless . 
   i think that the issues and obstacles are just larger with a solution involving large scale camps in foreign countries . 
  you are wrong . 
  face it , the vast majority do n't go all the way to germany for safety , they are safe in turkey . 
  they come for a better life without the responsibility of citizenship ( we 've seen how this song ends with the failed experiment of multiculturalism ) . 
  so it 's really a choice between more than a million every year in perpetuity coming to europe , not just destroying the eu but destroying individual nation-states . . 
  possibly bringing civil war when european citizens no longer accept it ( sentiments people like you are toying with already ) . 
  or a few million in camps in the region . 
  who will exclusively be genuine refugees due to self-selection . 
  you see all the social unrest there is already , the balance in the eu already having been destroyed by one of it 's main members and german counterweights leaving . 
  the resurgent far-right that the mainstream still has no better answer for than try to isolate ( and thus embolden ) . 
  all this after just two summers of mass-migration . 
  you honestly think this solution is more sustainable than the alternative being presented ? 
  i 'm sure plenty of countries that you would describe as being ` uncooperative ' would be on-board with implementing an australian solution . 
  of course many countries that describe said countries as ` uncooperative ' would be ` uncooperative ' with such a solution . 
  both are cheap trash but bk has the benefit of actually being cheap . 
  why anyone would ever eat at mcd with all the superior streetfood/fastfood we have is beyond me . 
  because of spain 's position relative to the netherlands for example . 
  welfare tourists = those that lie about their identity because they are not from conflict zones and have no reasonable claim . 
  plenty of enlightened germans do n't believe in borders franz . 
  i 'm sure you can do it !, 
  heck one of your great leaders , a charlie chaplin looking character , had the courage to see beyond so-called * borders * all those years ago !, 
  it 's a deterrent for would be welfare tourists . 
  not the ones already here . 
  borders ? 
  do n't be racist hans . 
   to be fair , it 's hard to imagine a country where your living conditions are so bad that you go on a journey spanning over more than a thousand kilometers that might as well kill you and otherwise use up all the money you have . 
  not being at leat somewhat empathetic with that is not easy . 
  so i do get that people would lie out of desperation . 
  you are making a lot of assumptions here . 
  we 've had drama queen refugees on tv here whining about our food . 
  and gems such as `` our room does n't have tv !, 
  maybe we should just go back to syria and die ! '', 
  i do n't really buy that these people leaving turkey are desperate in the sense that we traditionally imagine refugees to be . 
  it is n't . 
  greece and italy fear it a lot while sweden and germany do n't . 
  all of them are badly affected by the crisis . 
  the distinction is that sweden and germany are mostly affected by choice . 
  so i think your causality holds there . 
  fixed *, 
  most of the violence has been coming from sunnis since 2003 ... ... ... 
  anyway , neither of them are welcome afaic . 
   that half still gets attacked too and that half ( south ) is mainly shia while north is sunni . 
  you 're saying that shia 's and sunni ca n't live together ? 
  and we are supposed to welcome such sectarian people in our societies ? 
  they deserve each-other . 
  haha your govt is so retarded . 
  all this self-destructive nonsense to look good and in the end you look like fools . 
  like germany , 
  why do we dutch hate roma and muslims equally ? 
  i never see/deal with roma . 
  on an unrelated note , i have this faint notion of knowing exactly what demographic makes up the 4 % that hates jews here ... 
  this is such a ridiculous argument . 
  polanski is an artistic genius , but he should face the consequences of his actions and face justice . 
  this ` ugly american ' whataboutism is petty and looks pathetic . 
  leftist media is indeed the mainstream media . 
  the kind that almost half the population has no trust in . 
  the kind that is utterly disconnected from surprises like brexit and trump or the 45 % who vote hofer or le pen . 
  these people do not have a voice in mainstream media ( well the brexiters do in tabloids ) . 
  you ca n't really deny this . 
   she 's trying to save everything while i feel like we should probably go into damage control mode . 
  you do n't understand , angela merkel can only govern from crisis to crisis . 
  she wo n't do anything even if a crisis is obviously coming . 
  nothing until the crisis is there and everything is falling apart . 
  then she reacts . 
  that 's how she dealt with the euro-crisis and that is how she 's dealing with her self-inflicted muslim-immigrant crisis . 
  what a ghastly woman . 
  and yet here the story is ... why do n't you admit that you made a judgement call and sometimes they are wrong ? 
  there is no shame in that . 
  to me it was fairly obvious that this was going to be a political issue , but i can see why others had a different view too . 
  islamists should be put in solitary in prison . 
  no contact with the outside world or other inmates . 
  let them go insane , who cares . 
  angela merkel truly is mr. burns, 
  thanks , first time in a long while where the results of a survey among muslims has n't filled me with horror . 
  some hopeful signs there . 
  still , some more in-depth probing on values would be welcome .
