  because in the end , to them we 're all jews . 
   look at the american situation with latin america . 
  we 're not offering any damn citizenship or welfare to these people , they do n't need it to come . 
  america provides much greater opportunities for illegitimate employment than western europe does . 
  american politicians serve their corporate interest in that regard , employment practices are much stricter here . 
  you get caught employing illegals and you have a big problem . 
   undocumented labour and begging were the main reason for romanians of every ethnicity to try their luck , these migrants are n't coming to beg , they come to live with their cousins in little-arabia where the infidels will provide them with free-housing , food and everything else . 
  and perhaps whatever other fantasies the smugglers have sold them . 
  they then throw a hissy-fit when they do n't like our food or do n't even get a tv in their temporary quarters because obviously these are ` legit refugees fleeing for their lives ' . 
  have you seen it provide anything in the middle east except more instability ? 
  yes , america 's intervention did n't work because ultimately you ca n't run a society with people that absolutely detest you and hate you more than they love life ( exactly the reason why we should n't accept them into our nations ) . 
  but we would n't be building a society . 
  it would be a big camp somewhere in these non-nations militarily defended . 
  a place for refugees who otherwise will have no rights or society . 
  just a safe place to stay . 
  a glorified prison basically . 
  there is no opportunity for ieds or terrorism there as it 's citizens would have no freedoms . 
  it 's not nation-building or anything and has been successfully done in the past in north kurdistan for example . 
   things get a little tough and you give up just like that ? 
  or you could address the concerns of your citizens rather than stubbornly digging in your heels and going full throttle trying to ram trough the iceberg . 
   eu has seen better time but `` disaster '' is pretty strong . 
  i 'm inclined to think things would be a lot worse without her leadership . 
  the things you listed are partly true but are not her fault and often exaggerated due to selective perception . 
  my perspective might be different because at the time i was vehemently against the austerity measures and was studying economics . 
  most economists at the time were against it too and in retrospect the imf ( not exactly a bastion of keynesianism or leftist economics ) has strongly concurred . 
  you have to remember at the time merkel & co. were not merely saying that austerity was the best option but that it would actually incur growth due to ` confidence ' and so on . 
  afterwards these neoliberals ( and i do think i 'm using the term correctly here ) adjusted their predictions downwards every six months and demanded further cuts every round due to their deteriorating performance ( not in germany but everywhere else . . not just southern europe ) . 
  a much quoted definition of insanity is ` doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results ' . 
  people made predictions on growth and employment at the time ( 2010 ) , and it 's the biggest most pessimistic critics have been completely correct and vindicated . 
  of course , people have short memories and the establishment has no interest in reminding them . 
  they can sell the worst economic recovery in modern history ( worse than the great depression ) as a success because there is recovery at the end of the day and we are living at the end of the day . 
  i think describing brexit and 50 % youth unemployment in the south ( a lost generation ) as a ` disaster ' is n't too strong at all . 
  and the buck stops with merkel & co. 
  this does n't even touch on her handling of the refugee crisis , which i consider to be even a greater disaster and even more damaging to europe . 
  take two stories : ` hundreds of women report mass-sexual assault on nye ' or ` hundreds of women report mass-sexual assault by north-african migrants on nye ' which one do you think will receive more scrutiny or double checking by the editors ? 
  be honest . 
   or it could be a massive , organized conspiracy with an unknown goal . 
  i 'll let ockham decide . 
  it 's not a massive organized conspiracy with an unknown goal . 
  it 's the same leftist instincts that were on full display after it became a big topic or after charlie hebdo or every other terrorist attack . 
  ` the real tragedy is that this feeds into the right-wing narrative ' , ` how will this affect islamophobia ? ', 
  ` the biggest victims here are muslims ' etc. 
  all seemed to be the main concern incredibly enough . 
  the problem is that people of this political persuasion see muslims or arabs as some sort of protected class above all else . 
  they are lowest on the totem-pole of victims thus reporting on them must be the most careful and considered . 
  on right wingers of course it 's the opposite . 
  these instincts are not malevolent in intent but they lead to big issues and de-facto cover-up in this case . 
  and in more radical cases they lead to rank stupidity due to this toxic cultural-relativism . 
  see for example the western feminist reaction to this mass-sexual assault . 
   the carrot is that we 're in one of the richest continents on earth . 
  how do you remove that exactly ? 
  people will want to come to europe . 
  that 's not a problem , that 's us doing well . 
  we should be worried if people stop wanting to come to europe . 
  the carrot is that + a reasonable path to profit from our wealth . 
  if we stop handing out potential citizenship and wheelbarrows of welfare to non-citizens then the carrot is removed . 
   we need local support to do that . 
  and in case you have n't noticed out communal foreign policy has been non-existant , and our individual foreign policy has been rather destructive . 
  we do n't need local support from non-states ( or even states if need be ) we can simply flex our military muscle there . 
  the only obstacle is our own political will . 
  but this solution is much cheaper socially , economically and ultimately politically than what we are doing now . 
   i.e. , german media in general . 
  that is false , as i pointed out . 
  then it became : ok , they didnt , but only because of social media . 
  not really , the scandal was that this was n't ( hardly ) reported on until jan 5 . 
  this is perhaps the biggest story in germany of all of 2016 . 
  so if you can provide big headlines and leading news segments from broadcasters and the premier news sources before that date then i 'd concede the point . 
  but there are n't . 
  how is that possible ? 
  the biggest story , literally thousands of witnesses . . 
  yet it takes so long for the heavy hitters to report on it ? 
  it 's a cover-up . 
  not sure . . their polls have been rather islamophobic in the past http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
   we 've still got the euro , eu is still standing , we 're no caliphate , we 've got one of the lowest unemploment rates , economy is still striving ... and the eu is falling apart and radical nationalist forces have been shot in the mainstream all across europe . 
  merkel 's responsibility lies beyond just germany 's borders as she de-facto calls the shots in the eu and has for a while . 
  and the eu is and has been a disaster for about a decade ( all her leadership ) . 
  economically , socially and in matters of security . 
  this is not an attack on you as a german btw , my useless pm has encouraged merkel and been on her page 100 % all this time . 
  i 'm positive that he was much more giddy and pro-austerity than merkel herself was for example ( which has led to a lost generation on the mediterranean ) . 
  what shifting of the goal post ? 
  he intimated that the german media deliberately covered up said event ( which it did ) and you have failed to prove otherwise . 
  look this has pretty much been admitted and is widely accepted at this point . 
  your revisionism will not change anything . 
   because paying 20 $ to actually get to the bk kind of defeats the price advantage . 
  this might be a frisian problem ? 
  they are generally located in train stations here ( the only reason i ever eat there basically . . quick snack while waiting on the train ) . 
  easily accessible for most . 
  how about libya ? 
  or syria ? 
  or massive camps in the eu ( cueta , malta etc. ) . 
  the point is to remove the carrot . 
  and people may complain about turkey but that does n't mean it is unpopular ( in the same vein that people complain that we have borders at all ) . 
  there are no simple answers , there is the clusterfuck we have now and there are worse alternatives ( completely open borders , let everyone come . . let racist europe die yes ! ), 
  and better alternatives ( set up camps in the region ) . 
   all the people who think that greece is still a better choice than turkey . 
  that 's orders of magnitudes less than what came . 
   why the american right wing is against the eu is n't clear , as a block of mostly nato members they have quite a bit of strategic influence over the eu , so it seems like strategic vandalism . 
  it 's ideological rather than strategic . 
  they do n't want to see europe turning into an arab shithole and they see the eu ( schengen ) as being instrumental in that . 
  they 're not entirely wrong either .
