  the sad part is that northern europe has n't even benefited from any of it . 
  i 'm sure we would have been better off too if southern europe were n't still in a depression . 
  and it has n't made the prospects of ` getting our money back ' any better either . 
  and it was all predicted by the economists . 
  the people you are supposed to consult . 
  i detested angela merkel before what she did with the refugees . 
  now i simply have a ` right-wing ' reason to hate her in addition to my left-wing reason . 
  that 's not healthy . 
  and by then it would have taken 14 years ( !!!! ), 
  to even reach that unhealthy level !, 
  which is still twice full employment !, 
  i mean i 'm very happy that spain is finally recovering . 
  but where we are now we should have been in 2011 . 
  that is the case in any ` normal ' depression-type event in cases where the leaders are n't actively undermining the economy as has happened now . 
  research has shown that people that enter the job market below their level feel the effects their entire lifetime . 
  angela merkel , mark rutte , trichet etc. 
  have destroyed the livelihoods of tens of millions of people . 
  yes many economists did say that , precisely the economists ( in fact the majority , who were against austerity to boot ) that were promptly ignored by our neoliberal consensus . 
  the merkels that preferred ` common sense belt-tightening ' . 
  which has lead to exactly the disaster that the aforementioned economists predicted . 
  spain would have been better off if they left in 2009 . 
  i think now might actually be a good opportunity to demand exiting the eurozone by some of these countries ( while remaining in the eu ) . 
  coming back from your vacation without useless coins is nice , but it does n't weigh up to 50 % youth unemployment . 
   stop wasting my time with your worthless and self-righteous comments then . 
  you responded to my comment demanding that i explain myself . 
  you really are the self-righteous delusional prick are n't you ? 
  i 'm not right wing either , my criticism of merkel on economics should have tipped you off . . but you are truly ignorant and do n't know the subjects you 're debating . 
  so far you 've done nothing but personal attacks and ` blind dismissal ' of my arguments without engaging in the substance . 
  sorry but saying `` no that 's false '' without follow up on substance is no debate . 
  if you represent the status-quo then you will have a fun few years screaming at the world as europe falls further apart , berating them for not doing what you know is best . 
  instead of actually openly engaging with people and dealing with the world as it is rather than the fantasy you 'd like it to be . 
   short term short term ? 
  they 've been in a depression for nearly a decade now !, 
  i know that the bleakness of the situation and it being the new-normal have skewed perspectives but take a step back . 
  if you would have told spaniards in 2008 that they would probably still have 20 + % unemployment in about a decade they would have revolted !, 
  like i said , you are n't worth debating . 
  you do n't need to prove me right with every statement you make . 
  saying `` no you '' is not a debate . 
   and people like you sticking their head in the ground denying reality . 
   yes . 
  the highly intelligent and educated totally stick their head in the ground and deny reality . 
  your intelligence and excellent argumentative skills are only exceeded by your immense humbleness . 
  sorry cynic , but you 're not even worth debating . 
  it 's funny how you 're railing against capitalism while defending someone who took every conceivable action out of the neoliberal playbook in dealing with the crisis , austerity forever . 
  and like i said , europe has done worse than the great depression thanks to her . . you can 's spin that , sorry . 
  anyway the calculus is simple , everybody knows that angela merkel is the de-facto leader of the eu and has been since 2008 . 
  it is her opinion that at the end of the day carried final weight in all major decisions that have been made ( maybe you 're somehow taking this personally . . 
  but my prime minister and yours have been just as bad as her and are equally complicit ) . 
  she 's the captain of this ship . 
  and look at europe today , literally falling apart . 
  people are voting for the ` right wing extremists ' because her ilk have given them no choice , so that 's on her too . 
  if le pen and other reactionaries come to power you can blame merkel and her ilk as well . 
  and people like you sticking their head in the ground denying reality in the hope that you can somehow keep your conscience clear . 
  this will lead nowhere . 
  it 's time for the eu to take a different course and listen to the concerns of its people . 
  i know , i 'm looking at it from their perspective . 
  what should have happened is eurobonds or something like that . 
  as that was n't on the table southern europe should have taken the least painful path for them . 
  after all it was them that were hurting and us that demanded pounds of flesh at the altar of austerity ( for no benefit , to us or them ) . 
  * and to clarify they should have left the eurozone , not the eu . 
  if we would n't give them that option then then yes , leave the eu, 
  she has overseen a european recovery that lags the great depression . 
  not merely unlearning the lessons of then but actually doing the opposite of learning . 
  this has destroyed generations of southern europeans ( who of course share the blame and in any case should have left the eu in 2010 . . 
  it would have been painful but they would have had a future ) . 
  she has unilaterally invited millions of anti-liberal , anti-democratic , anti-women populations into our societies . 
  and then tried to bully other countries into fixing her mistake that her recklessness has caused . 
  as a bonus this has caused her to bow to a dictator and make a mockery out of free-speech in her country . 
  her actions have destroyed schengen and now europe is literally falling apart ( #brexit would have lost without the events of 2015 ) . 
  you asked me for one thing . 
  well merkel has destroyed europe both economically and socially . 
  i think that is well enough . 
  hopefully the results tonight will have burried ` merkelism ' too in short order . 
  and there might actually be a future for the eu . 
   i think it gives a big boost to trump . 
  people are willing to vote anti-establishment stupidity . 
  i love the smugness in statements like this . 
  do n't you think the establishment holds some responsibility for the current state of affairs ? 
  specifically looking at europe especially . 
  look what a disaster this continent has become . 
  look how quickly it has unraveled under the stewardship of lumieres like angela merkel . 
  ca n't argue that trump is n't insane ( who 's going to be wiped out in the election or so it appears ) . 
  but your comment is n't exactly sophisticated either . 
  with corbyn they are finished anyway . 
  the problem of the euro is n't its strength in any nominal fashion . 
  spain has 50 % youth unemployment precisely because the euro is ` too strong ' for them . 
  the euro is just a terrible thing and this mistake should n't be exacerbated . 
  you ca n't have a monetary union without a fiscal one . 
  certainly not with someone like angela merkel at the helm , who now has a very impressive record when it comes to the destruction of europe . 
  let 's see how the eu elite responds after tonight . 
  if they continue down the path they 've been on this wo n't be the last #xexit, 
  have your 100th upvote   people who were n't english voted to leave as well , just because more scottish wanted to stay does n't mean no scotsman voted to leave . 
  not to mention that the majority of wales voted to leave as well . 
  shhhh !, 
  i 'm not sure what scotland offers the us that other countries already do n't . 
  that said , another bridge to the eu , why not ? 
  just did the calculations , equalizing turnout would leave remain about 500k short still . 
  there are 1.6 billion muslims in the world . 
  name me one muslim nation or diaspora that has anything approaching the * values of the republique * . 
  the closest i can come up with is the american muslim diaspora .
