  certainly much more convergent than russia 's interests and so they will remain for the foreseeable future . 
  germany is further east than the uk and france so it 's politically more invested in protecting our interests against the russians . 
  western nukes keep the peace , as they have for half a century . 
  the more strong pillars underpin that , the better in these unstable times . 
  besides , if germany were to ever go rogue it 's pretty fanciful to assume that they could n't quickly arm themselves with a wide arsenal of nuclear weapons in any case . 
  but if you want some guarantees we could go for a a nuclear armed germany without slbms . 
  such a germany would have all the geopolitical weight of a full triad for all defensive purposes , as a decapitating strike would be guaranty a full response by france , the uk and likely the us . 
  `` brexit , le pen , hofer , afd , pegida , wilders etc '' no social turmoil !, 
  nothing to see here folks , mutti will take care of all !, 
  get out of here with that nonsense !, 
  north africans and other muslims have a near monopoly on crime in the netherlands . 
  i think 70 % or something of inmates here are foreigners . 
  yes i understand that head-in-sand is still the more socially accepted and persuasive viewpoint in germany for historical reasons . 
  but it does n't work that way outside your borders . 
  nothing ` murican ' about it . 
  cute how you cut out the second part and emphasis of that sentence . 
  in any case it 's you who brought economics into this , which is kind of the subject of the topic . 
  but yeah , my sympathy for brownshirts is limited . 
  even if they are brown . 
  well ` literally hitler \u2122 ' got 45 % of the votes . 
  that 's literally more than hitler !, 
  no need for anyone to get cocky methinks . 
   neighboring leipzig is doing much better . 
  so is jena , so is rostock , so is greifswald , so is potsdam and many other eastern cities . 
  but not in this map  gotcha !, 
  i 've never been to any of these places ( cept potsdam , was living in berlin for a few months recently ) so i will take your word for it . 
  but i 'm not going to pretend that accepting these refugees will be anything other than an economic drain and a far greater social drain if it inevitably does n't turn out to be temporary . 
  stuijfsande seems pretty crazy and does n't represent any sort of dutch perspective that i 've come across . 
  i think the vast majority of dutch ( and free europeans ) would welcome a rearming germany . 
  personally i would like a nuclear armed germany too ( but the loudest euro-hippies probably would n't like it ) . 
  i doubt that protesting against masses of stone-age refugees has anything to do with dresden 's economic status compared to frankfurt or munich but that it might have something to do with the iron curtain . 
  why was it so relevant in the past and not anymore though ? 
  does n't sound very logical . 
  here it seems like israel is only an ever increasing topic in leftist circles . 
  but i have a feeling all that will be/is being washed away by the refugee crisis ( ` these are the people israeli 's have to live with ? 
  nevermind ' ) . 
   then loads who are some degree of practicing to completely assimilated . 
  yeah my point was how would you recognize those ? 
  i do n't think i 'd spot them in my day-to-day . 
   do people not know what the different races look like ? 
  it took me a very long while of watching seinfeld to even realize that these people were supposed to be/look different from regular white/european americans . 
  and that 's my favorite show !, 
  i think the nasal voice thing might be a very specific thing tied to nationality ( in this case a north-american english ) . 
  there probably is n't ( anymore ) something like a jewish/accent/dialect here in nl . 
  though there are pre-war jewish-dutch slang words who have become part of the general vocabulary or the amsterdam vocab in particular ( though it 's kind of old-timey ) . 
  apparently us dutch do eye-contact much more intensely than some other cultures when we are speaking . 
  which is something foreigners sometimes have to get used to . 
  tl : dr i ca n't sniff out jews . 
  yet . . 
  most people would probably very much prefer fewer moroccans . 
  and it 's not because they are racist . 
  apostasy is a pretty big deal among asshole muslims ( perhaps a majority of them ) . 
   i really do n't care much about my religion personally , so i would convert to another too when i need asyl somehere and this gives me a better chance . 
  well if that is the process that would be a useful social marker . 
  it weeds out those who take islam seriously , who we 'd rather not have . 
  how do you know ? 
  i 've never consciously met a jew in holland , but there is a synagogue 10 min walk from here . 
  in vienna i lived in the 2nd district and there were tons of super othodox jews who are easy to recognize . 
  what 's so hard to understand about that logic ? 
  look how far merkel and even your country 's politicians have backtracked because of electoral threats from the hard-right . 
   on top of that , the parties most opposed to taking in refugees are n't exactly shining beacons of feminism and lgtb rights . 
  what has the afd said about lgtb or women 's rights then ? 
  i know that this statement is n't true for the netherlands at least . 
  in any case there is miles of distance between even the most conservative europeans and mainstream muslim middle-east attitudes . 
  so you 're saying that if dresden would accept more economically vibrant african refugees they could become the next silicon valley huh ? 
  ah sorry , my mistake . 
  yes that would work too !, 
  ha ha !, 
  scalp not literally of course ^ nervous ^ laugh, 
   i 'm not asking you to say that islam is n't the problem , but in that case muslims are clearly , violently discriminated against so it does n't come from one side all over the world . 
  bullies can be bullied . 
  this does n't change their inherent character . 
  you have to show me is a muslim majority society where minorities are treated as well as we treat our minorities ( or anywhere near ) . 
  and if you are able to ( you are n't ) how much of the world 's muslims this represents considering there are 1.5 billion . 
   and you act as if fewer muslims is a possibility , but i just ca n't comprehend how willfully ignorant or just stupid you have to be to think that it is possible to reduce the number of muslims in the netherlands in a lawful way . 
  that 's just not an option . 
  at the very least we can stop adding gasoline to the fire . 
  i see few political parties who are willing to do even that . 
  if countries like ours , france and others make choices like britain you will see how much will suddenly become possible , even for people like merkel . 
  do the debates we are having today here and in germany seem possible compared to what was on the table 1.5 years ago ? 
  exactly . 
   as a sidenote , you should check out what 's going on between buddhists and muslims in myanmar . 
  all i see that there is n't a place on earth where islam lives in harmony with any other group . 
  unless of course it gets to utterly dominate . 
  does n't matter if it 's russians , westerners , chinese , buddhists , hindus or worst of all : slightly different muslims . 
  yet somehow i 'm asked to pretend that islam is n't the issue . 
  it is , this is not a coincidence . 
   but yes , of course there is a problem in a part of the moroccan society and it needs to be addressed . 
  however , putting all moroccans in the same group calling for fewer fewer fewer of them does not help achieving that in any way , does it ? 
  you and i are not going to bring about the islamic reformation . 
  so yes fewer muslims would be the solution for us . 
  of course you can do both . 
  it 's fine to hate israel . 
  it is however incredibility suspicious that 100 % of dutch muslims hate israel and 10-20 % support isis ( might be lower now but it was that much in 2015 iirc ) . 
  that indicts the entire culture , not just the fringes . 
  the point is that it 's not a coincidence that it 's not christians or buddhist that are beheading their neighbors and slaughtering mothers , children and other civilians . 
  social-control is incredibly effective in correcting/controlling behavior within the group . 
  it 's an indictment of the culture at large that this jihadi cancer is able to fester within these communities . 
  that 's a rather one-dimensional view on things . 
  everybody who opposes the current course of the eu is branded a nationalist after all .
