  great argument , the only issue is that you and merkel have to deal with the world as it is and not how you 'd like it to be . 
  so i 'm afraid you just have to deal with all the down syndrome people in the world who took merkel 's words at face-value and skipped the footnotes . 
  reality happened as it did and merkel bears full responsibility for her part in it . 
   yeah you are one of them it seems . 
  where was that article again yesterday about refugees thinking our european mosques are too extreme and conservative for them ? 
  damn , such religious nutjobs . 
  such a relief , our mosques are too conservative for them !, 
  it 's not like our muslim communities are n't more conservative than their immigrant parents !, 
  everything is going as planned , do n't worry everyone !, 
  angela merkel is on the case !, 
  i 'm so happy that apparently for mena muslim immigrants , where 40-70 % of them think you should get the death penalty for leaving their particular flavor of fascism , our mosques are too much !, 
  what a relief ... http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
  sorry , but in reality muslim immigrant communities and their descentands are both more criminal than poles and are responsible for nearly all modern terrorism in europe ( not to mention internationally ) . 
  i guess facts , reality and logic only apply when they are congruent with your particular view on things ? 
  you 're no different from anybody else buddy . 
  how so ? 
  how is it that international law only appears to apply to the west ? 
  and then only at times when it is convenient ( like it no longer is ) ? 
  there is no international law , only diplomacy and war . 
   except that north africa either has no interest in doing that , or it is divided by civil war . 
  well duh , we make it their interest in doing that . 
  sanctions , blockades ... 
  however far you need to escalate . 
  there is nothing they can do . 
   o what should we do ? 
  nah , been there done that , it 's not a feasible solution . 
  that would be the last option . 
  but setting up a camp in a non-state like libya is preferabele to the current and ongoing situation with no end in sight . 
  you would n't need to occupy the entire country for that . 
   ah yeah , i always like to remember a collapsed greece and italy who can not cope with the flood of people . 
  well then i do n't see the problem then , or reason we are having this thread in the first place , sie schaffen es after all ? 
  good luck !, 
  personally i think we have enough religious fascists as it is in my country . 
  but germany , like the v-4 , is a sovereign and if you want millions more migrant muslims in your country , well i ca n't say i 'm happy about it but ultimately it 's your decision . 
  might have to rewrite schengen though . 
   not my problem if you 're reading breitbart and not proper news . 
  not sure if i got this correctly , but your assertion is that the world and the refugees interpreted merkel the way we did because of breitbart ? 
  interesting perspective . 
  `` libya has a recognised government , and yes they have said no . '', 
  so what ? 
  there is an alternative : strong-arm north-africa into accepting their own migrants . 
  but our leaders are weak , hence the ( rightful , sadly ) resurgence of the far-right . 
  `` hmm yeah ... that does n't work . 
  there are things like laws and all that ya know . '', 
  no there are n't . 
  that 's what merkel and other said about schengen before reality broke schengen as well . 
  `` so you would watch people drown and do nothing , even if you could help them ? '', 
  well i 'm not the best one to ask as i have little sympathy for religious fascists and zero intention of sharing a democracy with them . 
  but keeping this mediterranean lottery alive ( which the eu and italy are de-facto doing ) has probably killed far more than the counterfactual . 
   that 's funny , berlin and brussel are always supposed to deal with things eu wide when the others ca n't be bothered . 
  and is at fault for everything else , of course . 
  so fucking retarded , jesus . . 
  this is wonderfully ironic coming from ` wir schaffen es ' backtracking berlin . 
  and please spare me your corrections or explanations , the headlines were as they were and they would n't have been that way without merkel 's lunacy . 
   if you 're fine with not accepting refugees on the microscopic chance of some of them commiting acts of terror , i would imagine you 'd also be cool with any country other than poland barring poles from entry , since you can be sure at least 1 pole have committed a crime in the past in each and every one , right ? 
  without poles , those crimes would not have happened . 
  so people do n't want to risk what they can escape . 
  this sort of crap convinces exactly nobody anymore . 
  i doubt it even convinces yourself anymore but perhaps the convinced remain convinced . 
   does n't it sound great when everything is black and white , dumbed down so much that even lifetime unemployed alcoholics ( or with a more trendy term : disenfranchised voters ) can understand them ? 
  with the level of discourse today i 'm not even sure if this is purposely ironic . 
  what sort of double-speak is this ? 
  surely the countries blackmailing the v-4 into changing their demographics are the ones bullying ? 
  what are the v-4 demanding of germany to change about itself ? 
  what are they fleeing from ??? 
  the horrors of sweden ? 
  `` and you know what ? 
  it 's ok , but stop making up excuses , like it 's just about money and fairness etc. , and like there is no real war in syria ... '' who 's making excuses ? 
  they have plainly said they do n't want muslims . 
  because for some weird reason the polish seem to respect their citizens ( on this respect at least ) . 
  must be weird to a german but whatever . 
  and no they are not refugees . 
  in turkey they have refugees . 
  it 's exactly as unpopular as to make that referendum go the way that it did . 
  i did n't say that most dutch people oppose the eu or anything like that . 
  `` do n't actually care about the ukrainian sub-humans , we just hate the eu ! '', 
  what is this conjecture ? 
  you believe the majority of the nl population have that view ? 
  like you said this was simply a referendum on the eu . 
  most pertinently the insanity of your chancellor . 
  it 's true that the majority of voters do n't care about the ukranians anymore than their own existential future that a mad woman in germany seems hell-bent on destroying . 
  but that does n't distinguish them from the mainstream , the left or anyone else . 
  and it does n't mean that they consider ukranians ` sub-humans ' . 
  people simply looked for a release on the insanity of the eu and this was the best opportunity they had at the time . 
  ( i voted for the association agreement btw ) . 
   this i kinda dont get . 
  one would think that dutch of all people would care about situation in ukraine after that plane went down . 
  it 's really not that hard to get . 
  remember back when this was going on the immigration crisis was at its peak and the eu is really unpopular in nl anyway . 
  it was simply used as a referendum over everything wrong with the eu . 
  the immigration crisis in particular . 
  now if the referendum would have been `` nl should accept 0 refugees from the middle-east '' i would have happily voted for . 
  but it did n't , and like any sane dutch person ( or anyone else ) i detest russia ( and have sympathy for ukraine ) so it was all very perverse to me how this referendum was abused . 
  it concerns a conflict between armenia and turkey . 
  it 's really not such a stretch . 
  the armenian genocide ( * trigger warning ! ), 
  hangs as a sword of damocles above turkey . . because they put it there by being such a childish pathetic country in continuous denial . 
  luxembourg is n't even a real country, 
  how did things get so bad ( they are n't ) ? 
  how did this nightmare unfold on the watch of such wonderfully responsible eurocrats and eu leaders ?
