  we dominated the world a bit !, 
  for a bit !, 
  hi germany , 
  this is such a delusional post . 
  it 's hilariousxd, 
  freedom and democracy are very broad concepts . 
  what are their views on freedom of speech and apostasy for example ? 
  could you link it btw ? 
  anyway a people that respected us would have never behaved the way they did a year ago in cologne . 
  i can not in a million years imagine european refugees acting like that . 
  same with the riots in calais and in other camps . 
  it 's clear they do n't view us as full humans . 
  which is consistent with the tribalistic worldview muslims in general have ( hence ` our brothers and sisters in palestine ' for example ) . 
   half of iraq is still in a civil war . 
  so send the to the other half . 
   most of these people are actual refugees , not economic migrants , fleeing active warzones . 
  god help you if you were in their place . 
  so what , they are still hostile people who do n't show a shred of respect to our values . 
  or appreciation for our sacrifice . 
  not at all . 
  embarrassing for germany more like . 
   since israeli 's in general seem to love supporting pro refugee policies in europe where do you get this from ? 
  you need to spend less time in the sewers of the internet . 
  israeli 's are quite right wing . 
  holland = sunniest confirmed, 
  i 'm sure islamists are sweating over this ... / s, 
  when i was growing up our dutch guilders had hundreds of times the value of the italian currency , 
  rusky 's deserve the gloating . 
  still , there seems to be nobody worse to root for in syria so best of luck . 
  jihadi fighters ? 
  take their passport away ( if possible ) and if they still return shoot them . 
  otherwise life in prison . 
  society owes them nothing . 
  whatever the expected value is of their future victims , if it 's not absolute zero then they can be locked up forever . 
  because their life is worth zero . 
  sweden is seen as insane and perverse because of stuff like this : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/sweden-isis-fighters-city-lund-returning-jihadis-housing-job-education-benefits-reintegration-a7371266.html sad really , a few years ago sweden was widely admired among europeans and beyond . 
  it 's not really how i see it . 
  in 2009 frankly the majority economist opinion was against austerity . 
  there were a few keynesian whispers here and there by our left but ultimately they never earnestly even attempted to make the case against `` families are tightening their belt , why should n't the govt ? '', 
  protestant nonsense that was so easy to sell to the public . 
  so they capitulated fairly quickly . 
  if they had made the case they likely would have lost the election ( which they did anyway ) but won the next one and correct this disastrous course . 
  now these left parties have to defend their disastrous record because they implicated themselves . 
  they have nothing to offer for working class people . 
   if there would be a strong anti austerity alliance they just could outvote merkel and others - the problem there is none . 
  i mean we have social dems in two of the biggest euro countries with hollande and renzi , yet they didnt manage to speak with one voice yes , the european left was too cowardly too speak against austerity . 
  and implicated themselves in austerity 's failure . 
  thus there is absolutely no reason why their traditional voters owe any loyalty to them . 
  which is probably why these voters find it so easy to move to right-wing populists ( i 'm one of them ) . 
  it 's true btw , merkel has no plan and she never had . 
  it 's funny because if you define ` populists ' as ` the people 's will reigns supreme ' then merkel fits that bill perfectly with the exception of the catastrophic migrant issue . 
  i 'm no longer really interested in one-sided western self reflection . 
  the only real effect that it seems to have had is drawing up all sorts of contemporary false-equivalences by leftist ` intellectuals ' and other opponents of the west over the 20th century . 
  i 'm an enlightened leftist nihilist and to me beheading people and mcmuffins are the same !, 
  neither is superior or inferior , das raycis !, 
  right but our issue is not birthrates in the muslim world ( at least not directly ) , our issue is birthrates among muslim immigrants here in europe . 
  who do have access to world-class healthcare . 
  anyway i looked at the figures in the netherlands and there is a marked difference . 
  but it 's not catastrophic . 
  current mass-migration is however . 
  cute . . 
  rising sea-levels will be relatively good for us . 
  we already live below sea-level . 
  now hundreds of millions of people are going to want us to teach them how to do it too . 
  ( i 'm a big supporter of strong action on climate change ... 
  but also a big opponent of german humor ;-) ), 
   was probably never in favor of turkish eu membership . 
  and if you were , you undertook a fantastical ideological journey . 
  my views have changed . 
  i never liked islam but i used to not see it as such a big deal . 
  and besides , turkey is/was fairly unique in it 's liberalism in the islamic world . 
  my hope at the time was that perhaps turkey could be a model for the islamic world as a prosperous liberal democracy . 
  both my views and turkey have changed . 
   explain to me though , why did the critics have to be vindicated ? 
  your choice of words makes it seem like being in favour of turkish accession was the mainstream opinion . 
  the critics of turkish ascension have been completely vindicated . 
  it has nothing to do with being mainstream or not . 
  that article and your interpretation of it are all the more reason to firmly close the gate . 
  not the opposite . 
   exchange of ideas is necessary least we want to end up like china of old . 
  and which wonderful wisdom does the arabic world have to teach us today ? 
   far right refuse to do basic google search for this guardian opinion piece that i 've read . 
  xd you are taking a correlation that is based on comparing africa to sweden let 's say and are applying it to the differences observed within a nation !, 
  do your ethnic minorities not have access to decent healthcare in sweden or something ? 
  `` you want to destroy me and my laws , but my law protects you . 
  let 's not amend the law and do nothing '' western european approach which has delivered us this harmonious multicultural utopia we are in today were everybody is happy and loves their politicians !, 
  nobody was unreasonable . 
  the critics have been 100 % vindicated . 
  and i say that as someone who ones thought it might have been a good idea . 
  i think we should go for a joint market deal without freedom of labor or visa-free travel . 
  that would increase our leverage immensely , improve the lives of turks and increase our influence . 
  i 'm not cherry picking any facts . 
  i simply acknowledge two simple facts and extrapolate from there . 
  1 ) muslims have a propensity to savage fascism , especially those from the region we are receiving them from . 
  http://i.imgur.com/7xubtjx.jpg 2 ) integration has failed , young muslims are more anti-western and conservative than their immigrant grandparents . 
  leftist have not offered any solutions or hope for a solution to this problem . 
  just an implicit and reckless ` lets roll the dice on our society and culture and hope for the best , and betray all those on the muslims shitlist ( women/religous/sexual minorities etc. ) ', 
  i would be perfectly happy to accept them if a solution could be demonstrated . 
  but it has n't and it ca n't . 
  i elect to deal with reality rather than baseless hope and idealism .
