  the only consistent ideology that you could ascribe to geert wilders is ` anti-islamist ' or even just ` anti-islam ' . 
  his statements are n't really in conflict with that . 
  a more clear paradox is that he claims to be a fighter for freedom of speech but wants to ban the koran . 
  lol . 
  i think he 's speaking to europe so i 'm not sure how ` global ' that is . 
  but there 's a version in dutch too which was released before this . 
  and there 's national in international after all , 
  definitely . 
  we ca n't into freedom of speech ( yet ) . 
  but perhaps things will change . 
  lol !, 
  and what was al andaluz then ? 
  glass houses my friend , serves you barbary slavers right . 
  cueta has been rightful spanish possession for more than half a millennium . 
  gibraltar was also lost in war to the uk . 
  my view is that this rock is of more strategic value to the uk than it is to spain ( who own all the land around it anyway ) . 
  as uk and european interest are largely convergent in matters of foreign policy i support the uk 's claim ( until the eu and the uk really become frenemies perhaps ) . 
  yes very high . 
  but worse than that is the anti-social and abusive behavior of their youth which does n't necessarily have to be criminal ( though often is ) . 
  moroccan parents in nl are a disgrace . 
  i 'll probably be voting for him and you have nothing to worry about . 
  there 's a tiny chance he would be in any coalition and if so it would be a coalition . 
  even such a potential coalition would probably only severely restrict or stop immigration for muslim nations ( an idea that is very popular in the mainstream anyway ) , something which would n't affect you i assume or only for the better ( less crime and abuse ) . 
  if we play even more unlikely hypothetical games and consider the impossibility that he 'd be able to govern alone ( which i do n't think has ever happened in our parliamentary history and is certainly not happening this time ) i think the most radical thing he has proposed is stripping criminals with dual passports of their dutch citizenship . 
  i doubt you have dutch citizenship and a criminal record would get you in trouble regardless so this would n't affect you either . 
  hope it helps , 
  somehow it 's more socially acceptable in these communities to go on a jihadi adventure and behead some infidels than to say something nice about the middle east 's only democracy . 
  that is the inconvenient truth and it 's not just radicals or fringes who are responsible for that climate . 
  * geert is what you mean i suppose . 
  gert is our southern neighbor : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obqavj3ckom sadly samson is no longer leader of our labor party : http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2016/12/asscher-becomes-new-leader-of-labour-party/, 
   i want more help for refugees down there ( in turkey , lebanon etc ) because i believe people who found themselves in trouble ( due to war or other reasons ) deserve to be helped by other people . 
  result would probably be that they would stay there until war in their country is over . 
  while i support that course of action without reservation i do not buy the last line . 
  the masses streaming into europe are not looking for safety or subsistence , they are economic migrants who 've been promised a buffet by the smugglers courtesy of the kufar . 
  this is the only way i can explain their behavior , determination and violence they display in such hellholes as turkey , greece , bulgaria , romania , hungary until they leave all these war-torn shitholes behind and arrive in austria or germany ( or even sweden if those are n't peaceful enough ) . 
  beds , bread and water wo n't stem the flow . 
  rejecting asylum is the one thing that would guaranty they stop coming . 
   you want to send help down there , because you acknowledge that it is unnecesary evil in order to keep them down there , because you hate them and do not want them up here . 
  i 'm not a big opponent of international aid . 
  but i admit that the last few years having put these people into focus and being forced to look into their plight and character , that i might be inclined to spend it elsewhere if our own interest was n't tied up in it now that i think about it . 
  we could probably spend many hundreds of billions on hundreds of millions of people before we run out of people in need who are more sympathetic than arabs . 
  and hate us less . 
  so now that you made me think about it , i guess you are right . 
  http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get2/i0000rxlo.5m89m0/fit=1000x750/bdm-20110818-0287-fietser-cyclist.jpg a more common image , 
  [ orange boats !, 
  ] ( http://www.bestmag.nl/wp/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/koninginnedag-2011-gracht.jpg_300.jpg ), 
  what ? 
  you seemed to have correctly identified the incentive as the central issue there . 
  the reason why i did n't wholeheartedly endorse your vague assertion of ` improving their local conditions ' is because it is a total political-nonstarter and i 'm pretty sure you do n't have concrete proposals anyway . 
  the only thing that would help would be a military intervention , which is a political non-starter due to the sectarian , hateful nature of that garbage culture over there . 
  we ca n't help them because they hate us too much . 
  that 's on them , not us . 
  ( personally i would be open to military intervention but europe in general is not ) . 
  the other way to implement your vague assertion on a more limited basis would be to set up giant camps in the region where we would send all refugees ( which would quickly stem the flow to a trickle revealing they never were refugees in the first place ) and militarily defend those . 
  that would have my wholehearted support . 
  or is there another credible plan that you have to improve the situation over there ? 
   housing ? 
  do you wan na live in containers or youth hostel like conditions ? 
  wait a second . . you 're letting refugees live in youth hostels ?? 
  what monsters , might as well ship them back to assad !, 
  all the hilton rooms were rented out i suppose hmmm ? 
  french cheapskates ... 
  good point ... hmmm . . how about we show them those charlie hebdo cartoons ? 
  maybe these boats would spontaneously combust solving our problems ? 
  i 've never noticed that in paris either . 
  and i think i 've been 10 times or something . 
  sure you do n't go stand right next to a stranger if there is heaps of space but that 's not the same as what is happening in finland meme pictures . 
  whatever removes the incentive . 
  but removing the incentive the crucial part here . 
  no asylum . 
  never . 
  we should be paying them bounties for smuggler scalps . 
  on a serious note , i hope the german state is n't stupid enough to create a further incentive here . 
  you never know with these people . 
  yeah it 's a bit of a puzzle . 
  randstad is definitely orange because that 's visible on the map itself . 
  there might be some red hidden behind it . 
  definitely not dark red though . 
  i dunno maybe we 're not doing so well , on the other hand it does n't really jive with other sources : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
   so they have ** incentive ** to improve their position - hmmm ... 
  seems like the solution lies somewhere here . 
  lets ponder it quietly !, 
  maybe we can solve this puzzle !, 
  i agree america is to blame , cheney and bush , and the israeli 's too !, 
  perhaps even the allies and the british mandate for palestine , maybe even stalin with his pact with hitler !, 
  perhaps even that fellow that shot franz ferdinand !, 
  man this is rabbit hole goes deep , i ca n't even keep track anymore of all the blame !, 
  the only thing i 'm sure of however is that the arab muslims are never to blame and have no responsibility in their own fate and wars whatsoever !, 
  phew that was some mental gymnastics . 
   begin forcibly taking the prints of migrants we 're not doing that already ? 
  jesus christ ... what an utter joke we are . 
  flag-related knows what to do with international laws and treaties . 
  europeans are tired of being the only ones to play by the rules just so we can destroy our own civilization . 
  there are definitely things more dear to our hearts than self-imposed rules that are made to be broken in crisis anyway . 
  carrot and stick . 
  do these masses of refugees come because they prefer gyros so much over kebab ? 
  as long as the threat of getting stuck in greece is credible it ought to be a deterrent . 
   after 14 years yeah . 
  finally . 
  and where will greece be in 6 years ?
