  who are an absolute outlier ( due to selection bias ) and about as french in values as evangelical republicans . 
   right wing is on the rise but not as much as we tend to believe i think . 
  front national represent 30 % of voters , but only two third of french people are registered to vote and among them there is a 50 % abstention rate . 
  so they represent more or less 15 % of two third of the french population . 
  if you do the math , it 's about 6 millions people out of more than 60 millions french citizens . 
  i see you 're very good at fuzzy math . 
  and i suppose all those disenfranchised voters are bourgeois multiculturalists huh ? 
   stories like these crush that narrative . 
  it does n't crush that narrative at all . 
  the fact is that if israel farts , thousands of enraged muslims go rioting in the streets of europe . 
  yet the only protests i 've seen where i live in relation to isis have been pro isis ... 
  so no , this is nice but it changes very little . 
   i think 2500-5000 people marching in a single march is quite significant . 
  you talk about 4m muslims as though they live in the same city and should all go to the same march . 
  oh it definitely deserves to be on the frontpage . 
  but it also deserves the context of just how horrifying the views of this particular subset of people are . 
  that deserves constant reminding too . 
  i 'm glad that context is provided in the comments . 
  there are enough ignorant people still in the business of fooling themselves . 
  there 's a link to the guardian . 
  not exactly an islam bashing news org . 
  are you trying to make sense ? 
  who deported anybody ? 
   and if you think that the current eu policy helps maintain stability rather than do the opposite , then you 're delusional . 
  ok you convinced me/s yes you did contradict yourself . 
  this pathetic rhetorical device does n't change anything . 
  either you argue that europe is hurting crimeans or we are not . 
  we call em `` problem youth '' here in holland . 
  or more informally : moroccans, 
   good thing it 's not up to people like you then . 
  because when our rulers stop caring about us , well ... you got the shit we 're in currently . 
  uuuh ... 
  does n't it then logically follow that it is up to people like me ? 
  now that i would find truly offensive . 
  edit : and to be clear i do care for ` people like us ' . 
  i deeply care for people that want to live in peace with their fellow man . 
  i do n't care for people that do n't . 
  yeah you are right . 
  we are damn morons . 
  especially our eu leaders . 
  hmmm that 's all very interesting . 
  i know the usual neoliberal refrain is that france has to restructure it 's labor laws to make them more flexible . 
  but i do n't think it 's actually a very good idea to incentivize the work week to be longer if unemployment is the problem . 
  shorter work weeks would actually boost employment . 
  making easier to hire and fire though , would probably help . 
  as for police voting 50 % fn , well ... that 's what you get , with people like hollande and merkel running the eu . 
  after all , it 's them that actually have to police these people in the banlieues . 
  it 's easier for the bourgeoisie to moralize from the ivory towers . 
  i was in paris in 2015 during the port de vincennes attack . 
  i actually got a text about the attack before it hit the news ( friend of a friend were blocked by police to leave office ) . 
  my crappy parisian hostel had the rooms closed so i figured i might as well check it out . 
  lots of swat and military police , everything you expect . 
  but i remember an older veiled woman singing praises and i think getting into an argument with a jewish man . 
  people were trying to keep them apart . 
  i 'm 99 % sure that the bitch was celebrating her neighbors getting slaughtered . 
  i wanted to spit in her face but i could n't be 100 % sure what she was saying ( probably would have ended badly for me in that suburb ) . 
  things are a mess . 
   you know msf is basically one of the few organizations that dare send medical personnal in large numbers to some of the most horrible battlefields like syria/iraq right ? 
  they litterally saved tens of thousands of lives in places like aleppo to be brutally honest i find it hard to care for these lives nowadays , since i 've learned that about half of them would want me put to death if i were to utter a few specific theological lines . 
  but no they are not irrelevant idiots because of their laudable humanitarian work . 
  they are irrelevant idiots for the line that you quoted and the subject of this article . 
  yeah i 've heard of the protest but i did n't bother to figure out exactly what it was about hahaha . 
  it 's pretty obvious to me but i guess it does n't really matter then . 
  well i have to commend you anyway . 
  all of russian public life is pretty much a political circle-jerk so at least you 're taking a look at the other side . 
  not in the european alternatives ( spain , portugal or greece ) . 
  i think the foreign market being much bigger is why we get better package deals . 
  he 's probably not referring to the day-to-day . 
  i mean `` special price for my friend ! '', 
  is practically a mocking catchphrase here in europe when it comes to turkey . 
  and i can confirm about the `` scum of the earth '' bit . 
  when i backpacked turkey with a friend it was very nice but i was not impressed by the locals . 
  while the turks that i 've met traveling in europe have been really lovely people . 
  at least the priorities are straight . 
  bacon can easily be missed , only memes care , without beer there is definitively no reason to go , 
  we 're helping you by crashing your tourism economy  maybe the eu could help a bit too . 
  less carrot , more stick . 
  i think you missed the point . 
  they 're not defending al-qaeda , they are drawing a parallel to them and the pkk . 
  i think the point is valid but the pkk is not in the same galaxy of evil as al qaeda, 
   and west bomb al-qaeda that 's fighting isis . 
  stop being such a goddamn hypocrite . 
  you hate isis because they did a terrorist attack in your country and pkk has been doing it in our country for 30 fucking years . 
  yet we have no right to fight them because apparently they 're fighting the terrorists that harm you . 
  i think it 's a pretty dumb comparison . 
  yes you have every right to fight the pkk . 
  but they are more comparable to the ira than isis . 
  as far as i 'm aware the pkk does n't make it a point to torture and painfully slaughter civilians in its propaganda as a recruitment tool ? 
  the pkk seems to have a far more reasonable political goal than ` subjugate and slaughter everyone outside our group everywhere , rape all women ', 
  i 'm not sure it 's that simple . 
  yes i think it 's a big factor . 
  but say paris ( or anywhere else in the eu ) is n't immune from attack either . 
  have these destinations cratered like turkey ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   imagine that thare is a huge terror danger in your country and economy is still not bad . 
  do you vote for a anti-democratic strong leader who gives the country economic stability for 15 years or other shit opposition party leaders . 
  exactly , which is why i 'm so gleefully happy with this news that your tourism is cratering . 
  maybe your experience with r/ireland has tainted your view ? 
  i have n't spend any time on that sub . 
  but if i think `` anti-israel european '' , then ireland is one of the last that springs to mind tbh .
