   it is profound how much you ignore and choose to steer the discussion away from my central point , that the youtube clip is bad . 
  it 's certainly not his greatest speech . 
  i agree with your point there . 
   you lead with word games while illustrating my point , not everyone is welcome here . 
  it 's you who 's playing semantics . 
  the practical matter is that everyone can come here and is welcome to stay per current policy . 
  you simply refuse to show your papers and claim to be syrian . 
  and then when you get rejected you stay indefinitely . 
  * that * is current policy . 
   finally you fail to understand what i was trying to say about the unborn , i 'll forgive you that one it is a complex thought . 
  the nonexistent are an abstract matter . 
  no , it 's you who 's missing the point . 
  you are focusing on race and ethnicity while that is not the point at all . 
  the issue is not what your grandchildren look like , the issue is what sort of society you leave behind for them . 
  is it the sort of justice-infused liberal democracy you grew up in or is it an islamist shithole or somewhere in between . 
  perhaps a more sectarian and violent version of 2016 france ? 
  because unless after half a century of having demonstrated your failure in turning these people into liberal democrats you can prove that you can somehow do better against far greater odds , why should anyone believe you and the politicians of your persuasion ? 
  it 's even worse than that , you 're not even trying to convince us . 
  merkel has given * no plan * at all for integrating these people . 
  so where do you want your children to grow up ? 
  in the netherlands or something closer to mogadishu ? 
  and do you admit that this is not irrelevant ? 
   now you do have a point that the 500 million in the eu ca n't all leave europe , but most wo n't want to . 
  if you are convinced that europe has too many muslims for you to lead a happy life , then emigration is easy enough for you . 
  yes i do believe that we already have far too many [ fascists ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ ) in our society . 
  when somehow dissolving infidels alive in acid and executing children all out of sectarian hatred is more attractive to these people than joining our armed [ forcces ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/uk/defence/article4183684.ece ) , it does concern me . 
  when the only protests relating to isis these groups have undertaken have been in [ support ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3trf2fxprj8 ) ( 15 min from my damn house no less ) , yes it does concern me . 
  and you do n't need to point out that the group not joining isis or protesting on their behalf is larger than the group that does , the point is that the groups protesting them and fighting them is even smaller still . 
  that is not meaningless no matter how much more convenient it would be if it were . 
   dangerous myths like austerity and capitalist meritocracy . 
  and the eu is not a bastion of ( enforced ) austerity , how exactly ? 
   we would n't be having a refugee crisis though if everyone who asked nicely would be welcomed into europe anyway . 
  no . . we would be having a migrant crisis . 
  which is exactly what we are having coincidentally . 
   europeans have some of the most powerful passports there are . 
  if you have some money and some skills you can go abroad quite easily , certainly compared to a guy from the slums of mogadishu . 
  what 's he talking about ? 
  there is no other place for 500 million europeans to enjoy the liberties we do . 
  there is no other europe . 
  this freedom of conscience we offer the islamic world is completely one-sided . 
  so if we were to need a new home we would either be subjects or we would be colonists . 
   the dead have stopped caring about what we do to their country , that is one of the consequences of having died . 
  the yet-unborn do n't exist yet , what exactly to we owe to them ? 
  if we mix the societies of amsterdam and mogadishu that would lead to some yet-unborn people who are the fruit of that mixing . 
  why do n't we owe it to them to let people like that come into existence ? 
  or to put it another way , there is no obligation to preserve blood purity of our breed . 
  do you have a preference between you and your children growing up here or in mogadishu ? 
  if you do n't , why do n't * you * move there . 
  as there are many other people who do have a preference that could take your place . 
  if you do prefer the netherlands , then do you honestly believe it is the soil and the trees that make your society or is it its people ( culture ) and the institutions they have engraved ? 
  we have half a century of failed multiculturalism with specifically this religious group , and those desperate to continue down this folly have offered no solution at all . 
  inviting sudan into the netherlands would not create some great netherlands it would create a slightly greater sudan aka * islamic shithole 52 * . 
  that 's one poll , the wiki overview showed something else . 
  but it really does n't matter because it does n't negate the underlying point : clearly french voters are motivated by similar sentiments ( and who can blame them ) . 
  for the french presidential election 2017 ? 
  le-pen will probably not win but she is top of the first round polls . 
  and le-pen is a much less ambiguously ` muh immigrants ' vote than a pro-brexit vote imo . 
  maybe their actions are ` heroic ' but that does n't make them heroes . 
  heroism implies that their actions were n't just brave but also served the greater good . 
  i 'm very skeptical of that judgement for them . 
  which comment ? 
  i do n't think i removed any ? 
  do n't you mean that it 's collapsed because of downvotes ? 
  maybe i misremembered or something . 
   is n't it possible that no amount of government intervention and social condition can change this ? 
  it 's human psychology . 
  the group that does n't look like them wo n't be treated the same . 
  they look different and many follow a different religion than most germans . 
  that 's not it . 
  indonesian-dutch here are seen as perfectly dutch . 
  because they act no different and are functional members of society . 
  moroccans are not , because that group is socially dysfunctional and openly hostile . 
  it 's no different than the states really in that regard . 
  except that europe has significantly more minorities that are dysfunctional and live in parallel societies/cultures ( most muslim ) . 
  and relatively fewer that are assimilated . 
   he is politically at home - his words - , will soon become a fully fledged citizen with voting rights ; and says than france is perfectly able to bring in 1 % ( that 's 600k ) new immigrants from outside europe each year . 
  this makes someone , non-integrated ? 
  i 'm sorry but i find that example rather peculiar and funny . 
  sure , it 's an idiotic political viewpoint but frankly i 'm sure france has many native idiots . 
  certainly when it comes to politics , the majority even perhaps . 
  heck , germany 's government seems to hold that particular viewpoint . 
  sure they may be idiots , but there are many . 
   there are many studies which shows that . 
  for example the chances of getting a job is way lower if you have a foreign name . 
  ( example1 , example2 ) yeah that sucks for individuals but it 's human nature to recognize patterns . 
  anyway , if you can help it : do n't give your children names that signal negative traits . 
  or of course , you could prevent everyone from recognizing patterns trough sheer force of will . . whatever works best for you . 
   not really . 
  even if you are totally integrated , have the german citizenship , do speak the language , you still will never be a real german . 
  ( it has also something to do with that in europe nationality is mostly defined by ethnicity and for example in the usa it 's not , they are way more inclusive . ), 
  yet there are plenty of clearly non-ethnic germans who completely function in society ( at least here in holland but for me the 3 months i spend in berlin and 6 i spend in vienna i experienced the same ) without encountering any of these issues . 
  yet , half the euros will still blame themselves ... 
   at this point , is claims responsibility for everything , so be sure to take this with a big grain of salt . 
  the implications of this person merely being inspired by jihadists are not any better than him being directly connected ... 
  worse even i would say . . fuck islam in any case . 
   there is a grown up solution to this but uk is acting childish and complaining about muh immigrants when actually the big 4 : germany , france , italy and spain have the same level of immigrants . 
  uk is the inconsistent , untrustworthy country with politicians that are flipping and flopping about . 
  you call this grown-up discussion ??? 
  the anti-eu , far-right is topping the polls in your country for exactly the same reasons . 
  if anybody 's political context is unique here it would be germany . . not the uk or france ...
