  `` israel is the problem , anti-semitism is only the sympton do n't worry about that ! '' . 
  i used to be quite critical of israel too . 
  until i escaped my narcissistic myopia and actually took an interest in the attitudes of palestinians and arabs in general . 
  that 's when i learned to stop worrying and stop caring about palestine and their brown-shirt population . 
  in any case your apologism for anti-semimism is disgusting no matter where you stand . 
  if 2 % of swedes would emigrate i think it would be an issue . 
  8k out of 500k is nearly 2 % . 
  it 's not insignificant at all . 
  synagogues and jewish organisations have constant police protection now in my country because of these muslim shits . 
  is that zionist propaganda too ? 
  just like cologne . 
  nothing to see here folks the mansplaining hotline has it covered . 
  all synagogues and jewish organisations have police protection in my country now ( at least around where i live ) . 
  i give you two guesses why that is ( hint : it 's not zombie nazis ), 
  no they come with their baggage and worry about newspaper headlines . 
  you think merkel 2015 was a result of a think tank thinking ? 
  merkel is stalling for the same reason she has always done , she hates to admit she was wrong . 
  gunboats are the solution . 
  was it enoch powell ? 
  anyway you seem to be focused on the word anglo . 
  yes we already have multiculturalism and identity politics to some extent . 
  but there clearly is a very specific extreme sort of identity politics that is brewing in academic circles in the uk and the usa . 
  i 'm saying that we should reject is as much as possible . 
  that does not mean that we do n't have other issues with identity politics we should also deal with . 
  it seems like you are worried that i 'm blaming everything on the anglos or something , it 's not a very important discussion to have so i say we forfeit it . 
  in any case it does n't even seem like you disagree with me that we should reject this brand of identity politics . 
   case in point : this subreddit constantly being surprised when ridiculous stuff happens to accommodate `` new europeans ' no this is simply the latent-folly of multiculturalism that we still have not fully abandoned . 
  we should reject it and demand these * new europeans * to accommodate to us . 
  so what are you saying ? 
  identity politics is right ? 
  we should start treating everybody differently based on all sorts of innate personal traits ? 
  the little identity politics that has seeped into the continent has been purely negative so i fully reject it , sorry . 
  but you deserve to be mocked . 
  sure it 's the excesses that gain the attention and i 'm sure that sweden is not a hellhole . 
  but still the excesses deserve to be mocked . 
  we used to be much more pc . 
  we 're actually getting less and less so . 
  which is a good thing . 
   colleges were even offering safe spaces for adults students to go to and use coloring books and play with play-doh to make them feel better . 
  sauce ? 
  i wan na laugh a bit, 
  has * feminist issue * become an euphemism for non-issue ? 
  swedish men should troll this hotline . 
  mass-calling that they have issues with someone mansplaining something . 
  and when/if they ask you wether you are a woman just say that you are . 
  just use your natural voice . 
  if they continue questioning act offended and say that they are sexist !, 
  hahaha i love how you can hear in her voice that she knows that she fucked up * oh shit i forgot i 'm outside of my cringy feminist bubble !, 
  these t-shirts themselves are fine . 
  it 's the context of it being a young black american wearing them and it being printed in the new york times . 
  the right in the us is insane , it has always been . 
  what has changed is that in the last 5 years the left has also gone insane in the usa on social justice issues with all kinds of cultural marxist lunacy . 
  i 'm seeing this article and what it represents in that context . 
  and for all their * activism * and pc-policing the last few years i do n't think the usa has been as racially torn-apart as it is today since rodney king . 
  such a great job they 've done/s, 
  anglo identity politics is wrong . 
  you can already see it with these ridiculous blm protests in the uk of all places . 
  people protesting about police brutality there . 
  among gays pvv is polling the highest here and it 's not a huge mystery why that is . 
  leftist are betraying them in their naivete . 
  just like they are betraying everybody else . 
  have fun checking the data , i still do n't welcome brown-shirts , even if they are brown : http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
  yes , we need to import more of this american campus social justice nonsense into europe . 
  if there 's one thing we have too much of these days in europe it 's harmony !, 
  i 've been there many times ( family ) and i call bs on this list ( aside from dutch being nr .1 off course ), 
  still better than your dutch though !, 
  i was curious so i checked . 
  dutch spoken by : 25-30 million ( 35-40 million if you include afrikaans ) danish : 5.5 million . 
  i owe it to cartoon network . 
  good times !, 
   good . 
  we need at least one pillar of stability in uncertain times like this . 
  think of merkel whatever you want , but it is in the interest of the eu ( including all other states ) to have a strong german leader during the brexit negotiations and while dealing with trump . 
  for what it 's worth , i think this should be her last term . 
  nobody has done more damage to the eu than her . 
  nobody will embolden her enemies ( anti-eu ) more than her . 
  nobody has as much bagage ( and thus inflexibility ) as her . 
  she is the surest way to doom the eu . 
  because pretending that things can go on as they have is beyond foolish . 
   well , to be fair : she and her unwavering trust in humanity are the only things still keeping the eu together . 
  the fact that people can say stuff like this with a straight face makes me nauseous . 
  without merkel 's austerity and wholesale import of islamic fascism and terrorism brexit would not have occurred and i am convinced that a re-election of angela merkel is the quickest way going forward to undo the eu and embolden the far-right all across europe . 
  show me one place where muslims live in harmony with others , either as a minority or majority . 
  fucking * turkey * is supposed to be the model for what a modern muslim-majority state can be . 
  and it 's turning into another islamist pos . 
  berlin has a lot of green and open space . 
  even if they were to fulfill all the requirements , i hope at least one ( eastern ? ), 
  european country would have the good sense of vetoing freedom of movement with 70 + million additional muslims . 
  no thanks !, 
  a decade ago i thought it could maybe be a good idea to built a bridge between east and west . 
  now i know better . 
  well your fascist label was pretty far out there . 
  i just do n't understand why the left ca n't defend it 's own liberal values beyond 5 min into the future . 
  it 's a bit frustrating . 
  but it indeed does n't really take issue with what you said that 's true . 
  you 're being so dramatic and ridiculous . 
  let me try some of the stuff you 're on . 
  you live in portugal , this is our new global world where national borders and culture do n't matter anymore but yet you choose to stay in portugal . 
  a white country , are you racist or something ? 
  just go on and move to pakistan and enjoy the wonderful cultural riches they have there .
