  this ideology ought not to be tolerated , it should be emasculated . 
  which is what the proposed legislation is doing . 
  even the veil falls somewhere in this grey area . 
  but the burka is so destructive to social cohesion and a threat to public safety that its ban is much easier to defend . 
   which is arguably a lot worse than declaring a country of origin safe and having a deal with said country and just deporting people . 
  how can that be ? 
  are n't the camps safe ? 
  these are ` refugees ' after all . 
  correct ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned camps are the right approach . 
  these wo n't be prisons as the ` refugees ' will be free to leave ( to their country of origin ) anytime they want . 
  this will quickly bring down the drownings to zero , and ensure the safety of legitimate refugees ( who will magically disappear ) . 
  what is there to argue ? 
  we both know that this will go nowhere . 
  i will point to saudi and iran and the culture and bondage this burka practice actually comes from . 
  and you will give us fantasies that these women are being bagged out of their own free-will rather than social pressure and threats of violence and social isolation . 
  well maybe they ( some of them , most of them ? ), 
  are . 
  but i see where it leads to and have zero appetite to go down that road . 
  when did germany attempt an australian approach with the balkans ? 
  that concept does n't even seem workable . 
  it 's definitely workable with the ` refugees ' coming across the med . 
  yep , the eu and specifically angela merkel are to blame here . 
  she could save many more people by taking in zero that come to europe illegally and taking an australian approach . 
  more importantly , she would improve the lives for hundreds of millions of europeans ( who have no responsibility for the corrosive culture of arabs ) by this course of action too . 
  pretty disheartening . 
   we stand for liberal values , not ignorant bigots . 
  exactly . 
  less islam = better, 
  watch us . 
  we stand for liberal values , not backwards sexist garbage . 
  largely symbolic . 
  but sends the right message so i ca n't complain . 
  next bbc headline : `` brutal video of slaughter of kafir by isis goes viral '', 
  let 's get rid of the european convention of human rights then.it has clearly shown it 's inadequacy . 
  how did we trick the belgians into making this trade ? 
  convince them that their new southern territory has better climate ? 
   not really debatable by either side , people for open immigration want the refugees not to get a bad reputation , i love that the first priority of the ` refugees welcome ! ', 
  crowd is the reputation of the immigrant rather than potential victims . 
  corresponds pretty well to the reactions i 've seen over the past year after cologne and other incidents . 
  that 's what i had understood . 
  that she had committed to a referendum but had n't committed to leaving the eu . 
  but a vote for le pen is not the same as a vote outside the eu correct ? 
  she supports it but she has parlement to contend with and only wants a referendum which still seems unlikely to pass ? 
  perhaps a french voter could infer that a le pen vote would send a stronger signal to the eu and raise the stakes ? 
  and beyond that not merely a halt immigration but deport those who have already arrived . 
  the latter for which there is currently little serious political appetite , disingenuous promises made to that effect ( by sweden and germany ) left aside . 
  that depends , is the import of theological fascist the only principle you care about or do you have ideas on the economy , civil rights and foreign affairs besides that ? 
   he might even drag the eu right on immigration ( closing outer borders ) which could ease the rise of populism . 
  could n't le pen achieve this too or is that totally wishful thinking ? 
  that is the main reason why i would n't be unhappy to see her win . 
  i 'd appreciate the clear signal it would send to merkel who needs to be beat over the head with reality as much as possible . 
  my ideal scenario would be a continued eu with it 's external borders closed to islamic migrants . 
  the latter is even more important to me at this point than the eu ( which is failing in many ways anyway ) but i would much prefer a continued eu . 
  the left needs to stop pandering to islamic migrants . 
  it will not survive this nor will it govern as long as it keeps doing so . 
  and it constitutes a betrayal of the other groups it claims to represent ( women , sexual/religious minorities , laborers etc. ), 
  so there is no principle to salvage either . 
  face facts and protect the interest of your citizens . 
  and some of us out of our borders too , 
  i think sarkozay was hated because of his record non ? 
  not so much his current campaign and his proposals ( which nobody thought were sincere i get the impression ) . 
  why would anti-immigrants choose fillon over le pen though ? 
  they would choose the genuine article . 
  i 'm fairly convinced it wo n't be like that at all . 
  the context is entirely different . 
  still right now it 's most likely that fillon will win . 
  what does this tell us about the french national mood ? 
  more anti-refugee than anticipated ? 
  the results were fairly lopsided . 
  or is there more to it ? 
   actually , retaliation usually generates further retaliation . 
  the way to stop being victimized is stopping the perpetrators , incredibly enough . 
  and retaliation does n't do that . 
  if you lynch people you 'll only cause more lynching in response . 
  `` if you kill your enemies , they win '' - justin trudeau - wise words . 
  we already live below sea level . 
  we have the know-how . 
  with rising sea levels others will be in need of our services . 
  climate change is a huge issue but we wo n't be the losers ( we are experts in agriculture too which will become increasingly important as well ) . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  it 's an opinion piece in the guardian !, 
   again , there was no coverup , stop talking bullshit . 
  read the bbc article . 
  everybody already knows this anyway . 
  you 're convincing nobody with the possible exception of yourself ( doubtful ) . 
   that she wants some less nazi shit on facebook , that 's understandable . 
  after all , the only good nazi is a dead nazi the only good fascist is a dead fascist . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/  b\u00f6hmermann ? 
  well this is still a rechtsstaat , so if there 's a law on the books and someone sues , what to do ? 
  just ignore it ? 
  give me a break with your nauseating apologia . 
  if that were true germany 's prisons would be filled with millions of people who have insulted bush . 
  it 's pathetic how you and your pathetic leader are boot-licking an islamist despot . 
   even the justice minister ca n't explain the rise ? 
  that 's pretty serious . 
  i have my suspicions why they ca n't explain this . 
   ripe for invasion or some populist party which gives us straight and truthy answers i say !, 
  time for dexit !, 
  these ad-hominems have become so impotent as they have been overtaken by the facts .
