  she 's saying this to emphasize that she 's defending an issue facing women but that it 's a very mostly male assembly that will vote on it . 
  it 's a `` sorry not sorry '' thing : `` sorry you boys have to hear about vaginas and carrying a baby in your belly , but half of the population has to deal with that and it 's serious business '' . 
  they like her a lot now that they can [ put words in her mouth ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ddkiyqsw0aends-.jpg:large ) . 
  oh but some of those are in parliament . 
  we recently got rid of a lovely man named jacques myard , who was a mp for 25 years . 
  outside of being a good friend to bachar al-assad , this guy had very cute things to say about gay people , and i quote : `` homosexuals do n't bring anything to society '' , `` what about zoophiles ? 
  '' , or his wonderful apologies after ( once again ) equating homosexuality to `` other sexual perversions '' ( his words , not mine ) : `` i do n't care about homos , but i do hold it against them that they 've become a lobby , a sect , that they enact intellectual terrorism ... so i say : ` gentlement ( sic ) homos of both sexes , leave us the fuck alone ' '' . 
  what a wonderful man . 
  did i mention that he thought we should `` nationalize the internet '' , because `` china did it after all '' ? 
  or that he 's in favor of the death penalty ( `` for terrorists '' of course , that would never be abused ... ) . 
  so yeah we do have ours out there too . 
  i was going to offer a trade but ... sorry mate i think we 'll keep ours for the time being, 
  makes a lot of sense as well yeah . 
  i 'm not saying the us and the uk are entirely innocent and china is super guilty . 
  i 'm just saying that the us and the uk care more about appearances . 
  by not recognizing the icj 's jurisdiction , they 're giving themselves some kind of plausible deniability ( `` nah we just do n't accept the icj 's decisions in general '' ) . 
  it 's basically the same end result but to them it 's an important facade to keep . 
  china does n't really care about getting called out as disloyal in this matter because they do n't have a reputation for that to uphold . 
  i can see that . 
  i 'm more thinking on a long-term scale . 
  we needed to clean up the house one day or the other . 
  it was going to hurt people anyway . 
  i hate it when the brits are able to be even bigger asses than us, 
  think global , act local . 
  the us and uk , being occidental states and having some kind of image to uphold , probably prefer the first way so that they get shit on for not playing nice but nothing more . 
  china does n't give a fuck about being seen as the dirtiest assholes out there so they do n't mind about going back on their word . 
  do n't be . 
  it exposed the real assholes . 
  until then most of them were hiding . 
  now they 've shown their true face . 
  our anti gay marriage fucks are still froting at the mouth now and we voted on it in 2013 . 
  it 's not a big deal , unless you actually want to make it happen . 
  i 'm not saying it 's everywhere , just that it would n't be stupidly useless even in places where it 's not that hot . 
  i think people do that but it 's not a magic wand . 
  i mean what else are you gon na do living there ? 
  saved . 
  in a bus , with a lot of people travelling in it and their heat accumulating , it can get pretty hot . 
  it 's always impressive how so many things go into making you travel fast . 
  you get in the train 2 min before it leaves , spend 2h half asleep in your seat , arrive safely and get off in a minute . 
  and to achieve that , every little nook and cranny of the train , the railings etc has required so much r&d !, 
  bayrou has tried and failed to get to the top of french politics for decades . 
  sometimes it was close , sometimes not . 
  the fact is , macron came out and made that hope that bayrou had had for himself for so long a reality . 
  being both centrists it was reasonable to see an alliance , but both parties had a very negative approach imo . 
  bayrou acted like macron owed him everything ( which is certainly not true , although not entirely untrue either ) , and macron 's people kinda acted like bayrou and his party ( the modem ) were unnecessary ( turns out they 're right seeing how they got a landslide at the assembl\u00e9e nationale , but hey ) . 
  other than that , bayrou got muddled in some less than savory affairs , which is a very bad thing since this government was put in power to put an end to that `` tradition '' of affairs in the french republic . 
  what 's more , when it started and one of his close allies ( marielle de sarnez , who 's also leaving the government ) got targeted by an investigation , he called the journalists to try to silence it . 
  as the minister of justice . 
  when he got slammed for that his defence was `` i called them as a citizen , not as a minister '' . 
  you can imagine how well that excuse went . 
  ah , p\u00e9tain . 
  un grand souvenir, 
  yeah the record speed is n't done under normal circumstances but they 're still using real commercial-grade railroads ( some of the record lanes were then used commercially , do n't remember if the 2007 one is ) . 
  yeah weird stuff happens when you go fast . 
  like , outside of the usual `` oh god our railway is n't solid enough to go so fast on it ! '', 
  food would be the topic where we 're just as nuts as them ( on aesthetics or not ) , tbh . 
  they beat us in nutsiness in many other stuff though . 
  a lot of the tech to make those trains fast is n't about the speed , it 's about the safety ( stability of the train ) , and a very interesting challenge they had to overcome was the waves the tgv creates in the electrical lines . 
  those waves are projected forward , but at a certain speed the tgv * catches up * with them , so they had to make sure that the part that 's in contact with the electrical lines puts them under enough tension that they do n't lose contact ( and therefore , electrical alimentation ) . 
  the budgets are agreed upon it 's their specific use that is n't . 
  the commitment is made when the size of the budget is defined . 
  it would 've been way , way worse for les r\u00e9publicains . 
  the ps is n't in debt . 
  they 're going to get hit hard and have to fire like half of their permanent workers , but they can do that . 
  lr would be in the deepest of shits if they had results half as bad . 
  fun fact , in 2002 the ump had a bigger majority ( and had around 50 + `` compatible '' mps who would go on to vote all of what the ump would submit ) . 
  i do n't believe the eu patents office does , they 're focused on actual patents , not trademarks . 
  ve day is may 8th man . 
  more importantly , he does n't back out of it because it 's not going to work , he backs out because `` fuck you we 'll make profits if we want '' . 
  true . 
  `` pine '' is a slang term for `` dick '' in french btw, 
  and here in france we mispronounce `` owned '' as `` ounaid '' !, 
  it 's kartoffel ( n ) . 
  no idea about the etimology . 
  soul is '' \u00e2me '' in french so i suppose it 'd be latin roots yeah, 
  not just in the uk , most countries have few rules when it comes to politicians hiring staff . 
  in a way it makes sense : you 're entrusting your country 's future in the guy 's hands , so maybe if you 're afraid of him paying his son for no reason , just mayyybe he should n't get elected in the first place . 
  the problem is , we now have enough cold hard data to say that this shit does happen . 
  here in france it really blew up with fillon ( right-wing party candidate to the presidential election ) . 
  guy hired his wife for something like 20 years as his `` assistant '' , but no proof of actual work has been found . 
  lady does n't have a fucking email adress at the national assembly . 
  basically it 's been the tipping point where a lot of people have said `` you know what ? 
  i did n't mind giving you that freedom but now you 've done it guys , we need to put rules in place because you do n't seem to be able to control yourselves '' . 
  it 's a bit sad , because as always the more rules you add , the more you spend time thinking about the rules instead of doing actual work , but if those guys ca n't be reasonable with what they 're given , then fuck it . 
  edit : a word, 
  then again the real answer to that is n't `` let 's just let it slide '' , it 's `` let 's strengthen our judicial system to the point where we 're confident abuses would be too hard to actually pull off '' . 
  coincidentally , this political status bill is supposed to be brought about alongside a judicial system-strengthening bill . 
  you guys got highs ? 
   joke aside , i guess that 's what we get for being latins like you, 
  we do n't like seeing ourselves as winners because that generally happens just before we fuck something up . 
  so it 's better to just blame napol\u00e9on for our winning . 
  the wikipedia page for ipa ( you can access it by clicking ipa translitterations ) has helpful examples imo . 
  anyway the french j is definitely the romance j. 
  we do n't have a direct equivalent to the english j , for us it 'd always correspond to the `` dj '' group . 
  well it did n't last long enough to be called napoleonic . 
  although , really , france often did n't fuck around . 
  we just have a tendency to overdo it and feel ourselves unduly . 
  most of the times we follow a cycle of `` bad =  somehow pull our hands out of our asses =  somehow beat people =  success =  feel ourselves =  get back to our favorite activity ( being assholes to each other and stuff ) =  fall down =  bad '' . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's a real word but you know what , it sounds good enough . 
  it depends who you 're asking , really .
