  each one shall be put to death for his own sin . '', 
  ever heard of that ? 
  `` you do n't need to criminalize beating up people to enforce your social values . 
  that 's what the education system is for '' . 
  you can make that argument for anything . 
  in a perfect world , with perfect people living in it , sure , everyone would be a perfectly nice person to others and no one would do harmful things . 
  but the fact is , that 's not the world we 're living in . 
  and that 's why we need to have limits . 
  our laws are n't there just to punish , they 're put in place because they correspond to an issue we feel society suffers from . 
  as it turns out , in a lot of european countries , we found out the hard way that fascism was a pretty fucking terrible thing to suffer from during the xx ^ th century . 
  that seems to be working very well for you guys . 
  i think we 'll stick with the idea that some things should just be marked as `` fucking off limits '' . 
  1 ) do n't be an asshole 2 ) do n't disrespect locals just because they 're different 3 ) when in doubt , check back 1 ), 
   fuck free speech and protest except if it 's to express nazi ideas . 
  jaywalking in germany is that guilty pleasure i have , just look at their faces when you do it . 
  it 's like you fucking took a dump on their doorsteps !, 
   you guys were the fuckin nazis no , the nazis are dead . 
  current germans were n't ' nazis . 
  they 're very , very far from it . 
  fuck that what ? 
  that a nazi salute is a crime ? 
  well , ours were named after the us ones , so yeah . 
  that party is pretty shitty in and of its own . 
  it used to be the rpr , changed name into ump in 2002 ( when chirac used le pen 's first foray into the second turn of the presidential election to get a free majority in our national assembly ) , then changed again after sarkozy lost in 2012 in an attempt to distance themselves from all the shitty affairs that the ump had gotten themselves into ( illegal funding of sarkozy 's run for presidency in 2007 , running over the allowed budget in 2012 , being heavily in debt and many more ) . 
  you can paint it like that , but the experiment did n't really find that some would be way more strong-minded , or others would be way more weak-willed . 
  in general , people submitted to authority . 
  in a way this is the same reason why it 's so important to remember all the genocides , and all the horrors of all wars , because those are testimonies that the real `` monsters '' are n't hiding under our beds , they 're in our hearts and minds . 
  it shows that `` evil '' people are `` normal '' people who get just that little push . 
   messed up oligopoly in the phone/internet/tv market ca n't speak for other countries but that also happens in france . 
  being an isp is a very heavy investment . 
  we only had 4 isps and 3 mobile carriers for the longest time , before free ( semi-recently ) got into being a mobile carrier as well . 
  and both the isp and mobile carrier markets were pretty oligopolistic ( and still are , in a way ) . 
  we have 3 redeeming qualities that avoided the same problems the us got : * strong regulatory tradition from the state , which means the isps / mobile carriers could n't completely abuse their position ( still did in the pricing department ) , especially when the government made it so that all isps can use the existing infrastructures , making it impossible to get in the position comcast and others have in the us of being a local monopoly * smaller country , making it easier and less expensive to reach all the population * and we were lucky enough that a business man with the ressources decided to shake up the market in xavier niel ( free 's founder ) . 
  his entry in the isp `` game '' ( and later on , as a mobile carrier ) drove prices down , where nothing forced anyone to do so . 
  yeah . 
  although her being a piece of shit is n't necessary context here . 
  i did n't say anything about your upbringing , i 'm just seeing that you play the victim in this discussion because the moment you 're put on the grill you bust out the `` i am anti abortion = i must be wrong in every sentence that leave my head . '', 
  ( your words , not mine ) excuse . 
  but have a good day anyway , i 'm going to eat some sweet kid meat with my kids-eating buddies . 
  do n't let us distract you . 
  i would n't hold it against her personally . 
  as long as religions in general make it their mission to deny equal rights because `` our book does n't allow it '' it 's the religions ' problem first . 
  that some people hide behind that pretense makes it hard to say if it 's `` just '' their own conviction or their religious belief that drives them to do that . 
   no , you can have abortion without any reason and people do . 
  and you have proof of that of course . 
  i 'm sure people love to have an abortion for fun . 
  it 's such a fun and fulfilling process after all . 
   `` have great parents or die !!! '', 
  more like `` do n't have to have them '' , but yeah sure . 
   so people can say , have abortion if you are poor , but if i say , being poor is not an excuse then i am fucked . 
  no they ca n't . 
  i 'm not saying `` have an abortion if you 're poor '' , i never said that , you 're just misrepresenting `` poor environment '' as meaning in terms of wealth instead of poor parenting ( which once again has little to do with the parents ' wealth , but hey i already explained that in the very message you responded to ) . 
  as for the `` good people '' thing , my point is that whether a kid is `` good '' or not when born is irrelevant . 
  if you want kids to be given the best chances then maybe that option should be there for parents who feel they 're not up to the task . 
  no one 's ever talking about forcing some parents to abort because they do n't fit criteria . 
  abortion is a right given to parents to say `` i do n't think i 'd be a good parent '' . 
  and if someone says that then yeah i 'd rather they do n't have a kid . 
  because that `` good '' kid could very well turn out `` bad '' later on if their parents even admitted they would n't be good at it . 
  but hey keep playing the victim i 'm sure it makes you feel better about yourself bud . 
  to be fair it kinda does . 
  sure she omitted an `` elle '' before `` me d\u00e9non\u00e7a '' but the sense of it is easy to grasp ( if only with context , the context being boutin trying to put words in veil 's mouth ) . 
  i do n't think one needs to mock the form , because the meaning is pretty sad in and of itself . 
   let 's say you do know , not nice is n't it . 
  eh , it really depends . 
  some children would rather not have a sibling . 
  and even those who would , i 'm sure that if the parents do go for an abortion there 's a reason for it . 
  but i guess it does n't fit your mental image of it . 
   how rich do you have to be to have kids , come on . 
  i said poor not in terms of wealth but in terms of quality . 
  i 've seen plenty of pretty rich families be horrible places for a kid to grow up in , or rich people being horrible parents . 
  if you 're thinking of a kid in terms of costs then that kid is pretty fucked in life . 
   so are people born not good ? 
  i thought the narrative was that everyone is good , but then becomes evil because of a social structures . 
  i see it applies to babies only , but not criminals . 
  yeah that 's exactly what i said . 
  or not . 
  what i said was you ca n't predict if someone 's going to be good in their life before they 've lived it . 
  sure a baby is `` good '' in that he 's done nothing in his whole life . 
  nice fallacies . 
   imagine your mother aborts your sibling . 
  would be cool huh ? 
  you do n't have to know it . 
  the child was never born . 
  and i do n't think anyone 's arguing that abortion is `` cool '' , except the useful scapegoats you 're making up in your head . 
   just have a kid , it is not that hard and more you have the easier it gets . 
  16 years old is not a retard , women had children at that age since forever . 
  it is not a punishment for a women to have a child , are you mental ? 
  a family that is n't ready for a child will be a pretty poor environment to grow up in . 
  if you guys really care about the kids , like most anti-abortion people make themselves up to be , then you should consider that maybe , just maybe , it 's for the better . 
   why would you abort good people out of existence ? 
  you have no fucking clue how good a person will be until they show it themselves . 
  but if there 's one rule of thumb it 's that unwanted childs tend to go bad a lot more than those that the parents wanted . 
  frnace has had one of the highest birth rates in europe for a while while we had legal abortion . 
  if your argument is that africa has a lot of population growth , that does n't prove shit . 
  back then it was worse than now . 
  and even now ? 
  only 25 % of our senators are women , 38.8 % in the assembl\u00e9e nationale ( and it was unanimously seen as a huge sway ) , 16 % of our mayors . 
  and let 's not even get into the question of what executive functions those women actually get to because it 's way worse . 
  and that 's in 2017 . 
  anyway she did n't apologize seriously , it 's a figure of speech .
