  that 's interesting information , never thought that area of europe was so mixed.damn and i thought only the balkans are a mess . 
  oh yeah i remember that they settled near a river ( saw it on a map ) , but i think i confused the danube and the tisza.makes sense they would settle closer to germany . 
  you can take sunny beach.the rest we will fight you over grrrrrr, 
  heh guess i til something too today . 
  let me guess they are mostly in northern dobrodza ( which is rightful bulgarian clay reeee/s ), 
  are n't hungarians catholic ? 
  this is what i know at least , correct me if im wrong.as far as i know the closes protestants to transylvania were the czechs and north germans ( i know there was a sizable german settling in alfold , but not sure about transylvania ) . 
  wait , protestants in romania ? 
  stephen 's make for the worst saints lol . 
  boris was khan and became knyaz after becoming christian.simeon was knyaz and proclaimed himself tzar ( emperor ) of bulgarians and romans . 
  oh and he killed 52 aristocratic families ( 1/3 to a half of bulgarian aristocracy of the time ) including the woman and children , because they had refused to convert to christianity and tried to rebel against him because of that.still considered a saint , go figure . 
  well the movie is actually good.it tries to be unbiased and shows both man as good and reasonable rulers.and they really were ( boris made bulgaria christian , and was the person that gave shelter to the people that developed the cyrillic alphabet ) . fun fact the son that was captured , tried to bring back paganism after boris stepped down from the throne and went to a monastery.he came out of the monastery blinded him , and raised his third [ son ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simeon_i_of_bulgaria ) as knyaz ( during whose reign bulgaria became the strongest it had ever been ) such were times back then.at least they used her to avert war and save lives . 
  actually the peace lasted from 854 to 917 ( both mutimir and boris were dead when the new war broke out ) . that 's is a very long amount of time for medieval europe.for example bulgarian-byzantine peaces rarely lasted more than a couple of years . 
  well he was in position of power.had just won a major battle and had captured the heir and 12 of the biggest aristocrats of the khanate . 
  done mate , 
  the tent belongs to mutimir the serb knyaz . 
  so basically there was a war between khan boris and mutimir , and in battle the bulgarians lost and the heir of boris , vladimir rasate was captured.so they come to negotiate peace.vladimir tells his father to not worry about him and to fight and beat the serbs but boris does n't listen.he proposes a lasting piece . 
  mutimir has 3 conditions . 
  1 : for boris to give him his white horse.the advisor of the khan is shocked , no bulgarian khan has ever given his horse.yet boris agrees in the name of peace . 
  2 : he wants the concubine of boris for his own.the advisor is outraged again , that is quite the shame in medieval times.yet boris agrees in the name of peace . 
  3 : he wants a small bulgarian hill , rocky and useless to build a watchtower on.the advisor says '' boris give to him , its barren and useless , may he choke on it '' . yet boris refuses '' i gave you my horse , i gave you my concubine , but from bulgarian land i do n't give a single stone.that is what i said '' . 
  mutimir still agrees to the peace , seeing the determination of boris.they make oaths of peace , sentencing anyone who would break them to death . 
  he later asks if he is going his son back.mutimir says no for now ( he later does in history ) . and he proposes to send his 2 sons to escort boris to the border . 
  [ vasil levski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vasil_levski ) won in the bulgarian version . 
  i mean if this was macron and merkel it would already be on r/all but still . 
  [ the dutch made me do it !!!!, 
  aaaaa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gqi6rqdwwy ), 
  should i ask for some swiss chocolate as well while i am at it ? 
  i take the challenge !, 
  if i ever go to belgium i wo n't forget to order some french fries at a local food place !, 
  ( rip me ), 
  why are french fries on the picture ? 
  * ^ ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ ^ kill ^ ^ ^ ^ me *, 
  why drink milk when you can turn it into yogurt !, 
  negative view is not hate.personally while i am not very fond of their government , i have nothing against an individual turk , until proven otherwise . 
  prepare the tanks.we anschluss m&m first . 
  [ we payed them back in 200 years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaloyan_of_bulgaria ), 
  thanks!romania best \u043a\u043e\u043c\u0448\u0438\u044f ever.living near friendship bridge 2 and having romanian ancestry myself , i am really happy that our two countries are getting closer and closer . 
  [ unite for old times sake ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b5/structure_of_the_first_bulgarian_empire_during_the_ix-x_century.png/1024px-structure_of_the_first_bulgarian_empire_during_the_ix-x_century.png ), 
  islam was not banned.and they could still speak turkish at home.still im not justifying anything , it was a bad thing.everything was brought back to normal in 1990 after democracy however . 
  '' ( after numerous massacres and forced deportations in balkan wars and russo-turkish wars ) '' have any sources on that ? 
  there were war atrocities committed but nothing on a major scale . 
  on the other hand stara zagora was burned and the majority of the civilian population was put to the sword after the russians were forced to retreat . 
  14 500 people killed out of 25 500 . 
  the whole pope thing is a lie.the assassination was attempted by mehmet ali a\u011fca a turk from the organization '' the grey wolves '' . bulgaria as a communist state was blamed for the thing , largely because of the political situation at poland at the time.later sergei antonov , the guy that got blamed for the assassination was found innocent by the courts of italy , after 2 year trial . 
  '' pope john paul ii made his first and only official visit to bulgaria in 2002 . 
  the pope publicly rejected the allegations that bulgaria 's communist government had been behind his 1981 attack and never believed in the bulgarian connection '' the other thing i have to disagree is the whole revival process.it was forced name change , not ethnic cleansing.the turks left on their own rather than face the name change.it was still a horrible thing , but not as much as you describe it to be.and bulgarians lack of protest was because it was still the communist regime governing at the time.it was not safe to do so.in 1989 when the regime collapsed one of the first things people protested about , was the return of the turkish names . 
  and the only people who hate turks as a whole are either uneducated or neo-nazi skinheads . 
  otherwise everything seems accurate . 
  well we would n't use a tengri symbol iyi that is mainly associated with ultra nationalistic movements either.or a carlist symbol for spain , or a swastika for lithuania , or the amsterdam flag for the netherlands . 
  but they all look cool and pleasant to the eye.i think the '' cool '' factor is more important than '' usable for a flag nowadays '' . and the fleur de lys looks cool . 
  monarchy was an important part of your history , even if you fought against it in the end.and its a really thematic symbol could have been worse imo . 
  could have used [ this ] ( https://wolfsonianfiulibrary.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/xc1902-396_000.jpg ), 
  byzantines are pretty well known in europe though.most of eu history is really downplayed in the us as far as i know ... . 
  thank you.this battle is way too unknown for how important it was.tervel who practically relieved the siege , was called '' the savior of europe '' by the scribes of the time . 
  also i find it really close to minas tirith as well , albeit i do n't know if it was an actual inspiration to tolkien . 
  is this for newly bought cars?as dacia is not that popular as a whole , but if someone wants a cheap new car that is what they purchase . 
  otherwise the streets are filled with second hand volkswagen 's and renault 's . 
  dunno about your politicians but as far we 've heard your judicial system is miles better than ours . 
  also there is reason why bulgaria is one of the most supporting countries for a eu federation.we follow the philosophy of '' our politicians are shit , might as well have the germans governing us '', 
  rats ? 
  that would be an upgrade.our guys are cockroaches and mosquitoes.so sure send them over . 
  actually we have 4 more species of bats than you.so we are the actual vampires .32  28, 
  its just a joke.don ' t see any western europeans complaining that they are the lannisters.not everyone visits 9gag so this repost brings the comic to more people.don ' t see why is it a bad thing . 
  in the third part.look up at the comments.you get to kill hungary ... we are just a peasant throwing tomatoes at france :d, 
  look more like the generic dorne guards to me ... . portugal is one of the sand snakes . 
  [ second ] ( http://imgur.com/a/dsfqf ) and [ third ] ( http://imgur.com/a/dqk5n ) parts if anyone is interested . 
  this is obviously a little overblown.but even if they were really doing it that would be a good thing.we ca n't rely on the usa for defense anymore.strong eu combined defense forces is the way forward.the two countries that have to start the procedure are obviously france and germany . 
  why not ? 
  if you brought it to europe it makes sense.like how we named the yogurt bacteria after bulgaria . 
  so many country are calling orange after portugal , but the portuguese themselves do n't . 
  there were soldiers from all the major entente powers . 
  that was the major offensive.there were still skirmishes and small attacks until the end of this week , before everyone went back to their defensive lines and things died down until the third battle . 
  the end of the second battle of doiran https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_doiran_ ( 1917 ) . 
  the doiran battles are thought as one of the biggest military successes in our modern history . 
  fun fact general vladimir vasov visited the uk in 1936 and was greeted by his opponent from the battle george milne with the words '' take down the flags , here comes the victor of doiran '', 
  interesting how romania is higher than us even though they were never annexed by the ottomans . 
  damn you romanians always one step ahead of us . 
  til . 
  but why call iceland well ... iceland it makes no sense both settler and physical geography wise.could have called it volcanoland and it would have been more correct . 
  the mountain . 
  loved it when they beat england in 2016 . 
  lazy town which resulted in we are number one memes . 
  names swapped with greenland cause settler propaganda . 
  i think i watched a documentary about hot spring lake in reykjavik ( which is total bitch to spell and i had to check google ) where people go to bathe in even though its batshit cold outside . 
  women are already free to join the army as volunteers.there was no woman conscription in the past . 
  the guys that are suggesting this are hard conservatives so probably not . 
  that is why it is in quotations . 
  using '' liberation '' as a reason to invade . 
  the other responses you got perfectly explain my concerns.and they are not even from bulgarians.erdogan might not be stupid but his power is based on the stupidity of rural turks . 
  you are right everything is in shambles.no man , no infrastructure , no money , no will or desire to fix anything.and a shit ton of corruption honestly if erdogan wants to he can '' liberate '' bulgaria 's southern turkish minority with plovdiv as a bonus.nobody in the west is gon na do anything , they did n't for cyprus they wo n't for us.west europe will post facebook pictures and will issue economical sanctions nothing more , while trump will not even care what is happening on the balkans . 
  the only country that might actually step in to help is greece . 
  but honestly they and cyprus would be targeted first if erdogan is to do anything.but greece is in total shambles as well . 
  this is still highly unlikely but 2 years ago you would laugh at trump being president , brexit and a neo-ottoman empire as well . 
  it 's controversial , there are both negatives and positives . 
  taking months away from the lives of young man and forcing them into military service is of course not a good thing . 
  but with ottoman empire v. 2 raising , the usa with trump not being a reliable ally and a refugee crisis getting an actual able army would be a good thing , as volunteer rates are terrible and soon the last generations of conscripts would be too old for frontline service . 
  but this would also stimulate the brain drain which is a massive problem anyway.so i personally would like conscription for man that are not going to go study in a university . 
  and keeping it short : 6 months to a year would be the best .
