but prices are compared to those wages so it really does not matter for most things.i think the only thing that is not compared to our wages in bulgaria are video games which cost the same as they do to westerners.explains piracy rate . 
  gratz !, 
  there are dialects in some regions of bulgaria that are harder to understand than macedonian.germany and austria is a better example . 
  its like im reading bulgaria , vardarska situation . 
  all i see is gavrilo princip in this picture . 
  they are kind of responsible , if isis didnt exist most of this lone wolf attacks wouldnt have happened.they inspire and push people over the edge . 
  here we go again, 
  when you call a robber to help you find out who robbed you last night . 
  people educate their kid in a way that he becomes so fucked up to kill people over an imaginary men in the sky and you are telling me that they would change after that?deportation is unfair to brothers , sisters , uncles cousins e.t.c but fucking parents should go to jail or be deported . 
  do you become radical muslim without your parents?if my parents were devout christians i would be one too.but they were of the type go to church on easter and enjoy the holidays as family meetings and thats how i am as well . 
  its all part of the scottish master plan for assimilation of england . 
  google munich crisis 1938 , i was making hidden you know who comparison ( because erdogan is acting like him in 1934-6 ) . what i said is unlikely to impossible to happen . 
  whats next ? 
  demanding territory from bulgaria and greece because of some turkish minority which we give pressured by germany for peace in our time ? 
  and 6 months later annexing greece as protectorate and installing the turkish minority party in bulgaria ? 
  edit : im not serious i know it wont happen , i was making a you know who comparison . google munich crisis 1938 . 
  we banned it as well , but only for public places ( not sure how it is in france , belgium and switzerland ) . 
  so why does turkey want to keep the kurds in , if their region is underdeveloped shithole thats just creates internal problems.giving them autonomy while they still pay taxes is a win-win situation to both parties . 
  we have 10 t-34 ,20 old migs and 3 fishing boats , we realy need defence upgrade . 
  did he have a sexy moustache . 
  we bulgarians and the other balkan people had just recently started forgiving the past , from this people are barbaric murderers to eeeeh i guess they are pretty cool now , and now your state is going back to its roots . 
  so we actualy want them to win?i thought they are islamists . 
  pray , colour buildings , flag profile pictures and wait for the next terror attack or i dont know do something about it ? 
  they watched the new erb and decided to build a monument . 
  we dont realy know what happens when we die you cant make that statement , and the guy has been building this his whole life and it looks 80 % done , if the government of spain is smart is going to finish the building , saint the guy while making a shit ton more money off devout christian tourists.i bet it would cost less than a million to finish which for a goverment is nothing . 
  he is sashe velikiot the first man on the moon according to fyromanians.poor brainwashed brothers tito realy fucked them up . 
  pretty sure most of the coments bashing on each other are sarcastic as well . 
  most prices are cheaper though so it doesnt realy feel like poverty.you can live a very good life with 500 euro per month ( per person ) and if you have more than 200 you are still fine just cant afford some luxuries like holidays and expensive tvs . 
  wildlings ( romanians and bulgarians ) running from the real threat the white walkers ( gypsies and radical muslims even though they are the oposite of white ), 
  uk is going to become england it seems . 
  make the commonwealth ( \u2122 ) great again !, 
  space hussars will return !, 
  when did belgium and austria become third world countries?slovakia is doing pretty decent as well.you can make fun of bulgaria and romania i guess as we are sheep herders compared to the rest of the eu , we are so unproductive we dont even hump our sheep . 
  the balkans and the baltics are the complete opposite in almost everything . 
  did you expect romania and bulgaria to be soft ? 
  there was a '' problem '' with us the uk had a couple years ago and we have n't forgotten.actually the same kind of talk that was against romania and bulgaria made brexit happen . 
  actually is aleksandar makedonski veliki.sashe golemiq biceps for short, 
  99 % of bulgarian politicians were ex-communist even the ones that rioted against them in the end . 
  im sure you know who borisov was bodyguard to . 
  and corruption is hard to prove or discuss , pretty sure ive heard every single bulgarian politician called corrupt at least once.as a bulgaria first , eu second and fuck to russian influence ( even though i think that the sanctions hurt bulgaria a lot ) person i would support nfsb and vmro but siderov is preventing me from doing so . 
  the nationalists are divided into three parties in a coalition.vmro , nfsb and ataka.vmro 's leader is a pretty intelligent and moderate for a nationalist , i personally like him ( he ran for president and got 15 % of the vote , while in the parliamentary vote they only got 10 % so that speaks for itself ) . ataka 's leader is a crazy russo-licking psychopath that is like trump but worse.the coalition would have probably gotten more votes from neutrals without him in it . 
  pretty sure solun was never bulgarian , like not even once captured.but yea gib back thrace you gyro scum !!, 
  why should we help the un when are preparing to anschluss macedonia ? 
  pretty high quality too . 
  there are many examples but the storming of tutrakan in 1916 is my personal favourite . 
  the fortress in south dobrugea was built by belgian engineers and was branded impossible to storm . 
  so the romanians left a pretty large garrison and focused on fighting in the east with germany and austria-hungary . 
  the bulgarian army took it in 2 days while outnumbered with minimal casualties while forcing the majority of the romanian garrison to surrender . 
  also general von mackensen having the command there helped a lot.https : / / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_turtucaia, 
  i expected the netherlands to be first legal weed and all . 
  macedonia officially part of bulgaria confirmed ? 
  shipka and majority of the figthing had already been done when serbia joined.they saw who would win and used the oppurtunity for occupying pirot and vranq ( cities with bulgarian majority at the time ) and declaring independence.in no way they deserve thanks as they had fewer casualties than obscure battalions in the russian army like polish or finnish ones and did everything for their own profit . 
  wait wut 0:46 did he just say \u0427\u0435 \u0441\u044a\u043c \u0432\u043e\u0439\u043d\u0438\u043a-che sym voinik ( i am a soldier in bulgarian ), 
  cause our industry is dying since communism fell.there was a factory 10 factories in my city , now they are none.its actually a bad sign . 
  hitler considered turks , mongols , iranians and germans to be of the same indo-european origin , making them kinda aryan.i have no idea why he was retarded in a lot things . 
  hitler considered bulgarians were a mix of iranians , mongolians , turks and of aryan origin , maybe thats were the macedonians got the whole bugari tatari thing . 
  romania claims that they build and invented everything?holy shit they got conquered from inside by the macedonians its spreading aaaah.jokes aside one of my favourite ones.where is the gypsy joke though ? 
  pretty sure thats macedonia ... . . oh wait you are right . 
  why are scottish jokes so popular in hungary ? 
  1444 nevah forget . 
  no that is really bad actually.bulgaria and romania have a deficit in population growth and that is with gypsies who are in a huge + + + + + having and average of 5 kids.this means that for 10 people that die in bulgaria 9 are bulgarians and 1 gypsy , they are replaced by 6 gypsies and 2 bulgarians.if this continues in a hundred years bulgarians and romanians will be a minority in their own countries.and thats without the economic burden they cause on society because they live primary on welfare and on petty theft . 
  yea did n't want to generalize everyone.but still if you read about your history its way easier to become right winged.if you do n't the only way is to get manipulated by other nationalist and its far easier to manipulate a person who does not read.also its probably more common in countries like bulgaria , hungary and germany revanchism is one of the wheels of nationalism . 
  actually reading history makes you more nationalistic and pushes you to the right.you start taking pride in the good things that have happened to your country and start thinking what if the bad things have n't happened.i 'll give you an example with my country , someone who has a degree in history and has studied the second balkan and ww1 , will be prejudiced against serbs and some people will be outright hostile.while a lot of the dumb people that got pushed to finishing highschool and have n't read a book in 3 and the only thing they know about serbs is chalga ( pop-folk invented in serbia , the most popular music for dumb people in bulgaria ) will outright love them.hell a lot of the people claiming trump will start ww3 did n't have an idea what is a no fly zone and that it would 100 % force the usa in a war with russia if enforced . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  vardar macedonia has been a region populated by bulgarians since the ix century.it was briefly conquered by the serbian king stefan dusan in the xiv century but both bulgaria and serbia got conquered by the ottoman turks in the following 100 years.in 1878 northern bulgaria and sofia got liberated by the russians as an autonomous state the principality of bulgaria , while southern bulgaria was a semi-autonomous oblast of eastern rumelia , vardar macedonia was returned under the full jurisdiction of the sultan.in 1885 bulgarian backed coup in eastern rumelia proclaimed the unification of the two autonomous oblasts.bulgarians thought that the sultan would attack them so they positioned all their troops on the south border.serbia was cautious of bulgarian expansion as it viewed itself the sardinia-piedmont of the balkan slavs wishing to unite them in one serbian dominant nation.they attacked bulgaria in a short war in which they got their asses kicked by 18 year captains.in 1908 bulgaria declared full independence.in 1912 bulgaria , serbia , greece and montenegro declared war on the weakened by the italo-turkish war ottoman empire.the deal with serbia was that bulgaria would recieve eastern vardar macedonia and the owner of the western part would be chosen by the russian tzar.but even though the balkan league won albania got their independence enforced by austria-hungary ruining serbia and greece 's plans of annexing it.so serbia thinking they would get too little of the war refused to leave even the 100 % agreed as bulgarian eastern vardarska.bulgarian king was retarded declared war on serbia who got greece on their side.ottomans took back adrianople and romania kicked the dead horse from invading from the north.this defeat let to bulgaria joining the central powers which would result in another defeat loosing bosilegrad oblast and its white sea ports to greece.now the serbians had seemingly achieved their goal of being sardinia-piedmont of the balkans created yugoslavia.they tried to enforce serbian culture in vardarska by banning bulgarian , changing the church language to serbian and sending bulgarian kids to serbian schools.they failed because when bulgaria entered vardarska in 1941 they were hailed as liberators.we know how ww2 ended and bulgarians and serbian communist tito and georgi dimitrov found themselvs as allies.first they tried to add bulgaria to yugoslavia as an equal partner ( kind of like the austria-hungary ) but it failed.so seeing that trying to make serbs out of bulgarians did not work they decided to delve deeper and created the '' macedonia '' we know today.bulgarian and serbian communists brainwashed a nation to ignorance . 
  its not hypernationalist.its common sense.anyone even with a small amount of historical knowledge of the balkans knows that fyrom is a complete joke created by communist yugoslavia.hypernationalits from greece and bulgaria want to annex fyrom , regular people want them accept what they are primary bulgarians with some serbian blood and albanian minority and with stolen greek history.they can be their own state we kinda fucked in xx century up so we dont deserve them . 
  depends on which part of georgia is this.if its anywhere close to south ossetia or abkhazia no thanks dude . 
  how are we not in the balkans.the literal balkan mountain splits our country in two !, 
  time for strikes !, 
  watch this if you have the time https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eoigtgm32ty&amp;t=33s the damn guy that conquered the thing felt entitled to it.guess its just a bulgarian thing lol . 
  160 years is no small time.the usa was founded 241 years ago for example.ya think that in 1936 they did n't consider their land theirs ? 
  and nomad is quite a stretch as i said 160 years of settlement are quite a lot.not to count the years before that in old great bulgaria , in which they were not really nomadic . 
  alright this is going to be long . 
  so in 1443 heading a call for help from the byzantines who were besieged at the time in constantinople , and fearing an ottoman invasion into transylvania afterwards , wladyslaw 3 jagelo called a preemptive strike and a crusade.he had been king in poland for only a couple of years and when in 1437 when sigismund died and left no heir , he was invited into hungary to take the crown ( had some families ties , but mostly to unite the two kingdoms against the turks ) . 
  so the crusade gathered around 25 000 man ( the main army being around 15 000 thousands hungarians and poles , with 5-6 wallachians , and the rest being volunteers from the hre states , bohemia , moldavia and even around a 1000 bulgarians rebels led by the fruzhin the son of the last king of bulgaria , who had converted to a catholic and had accepted to become a vassal , for the liberation that was to happen ) so around the autumn in 1443 they reached bulgaria had some successful skirmishes but had to withdraw to wallachia because of the winter ( of course while in bulgaria the crusaders had huge informational and supply help by the local populace , when they withdrew the ottoman army took it out on the people pillaging , raping and killing ) so in 1444 they return again and after a couple of small victories they almost reach varna.they were supposed to take venetian ships from there and reach constantinople , break the siege and kick the ottomans out of the balkans once and for all.the ottoman of course send their best army to intercept around 50 000 strong , with a 10 000 janissary core . 
  the army was commanded by the old sultan murad 2 . he had stepped down in favor of his son , who knowing his father 's martial ability begged him to return and lead the army once the crusaders invaded.he refused.so mehmed pulled a trump card with one of the most famous sayings in turkish history '' if i am indeed the new sultan , then i command you to take up arms and lead the army , and if i am not , then what kind of sultan would you be to not lead your army in time of need '' . so murad accepted . 
  the battle started very well for the crusaders.they were winning on on the right flank , holding on the left , while the center saw very little action.the ottoman cavalry focused all on the left flank , starting to pressure the forces there.yet the right flank was winning incredibly hard , the ottomans being almost in full retreat , wallachian light cavalry chasing them and cutting them down.so hunyadi ( who was the de facto commander , and who the king mostly listened to ) decided to detach a couple of battalions from the center and send them to the flanks , hold the left one while crushing the right one completely.the ottomans would face full encirclement , something like what hannibal did at cannae ( encirclement with a smaller force ) . hunyadi told the king to stay put and wait for his return . 
  when seeing the forces on the right winning and the reinforced left starting to push too , wladyslaw decided to deliver the final blow , charging his personal bodyguard of 500 most elite cavalryman straight into the ottoman center ( the janissaries ) hopping to capture the sultan and win the battle once and for all.the charge was quite successful at first but the cavalry started loosing momentum and the king 's horse eventually was taken down , his head soon tumbling down as well . 
  the morale of the crusaders cracked , large amounts of the army especially the center that had n't seen any fighting started routing.the ottoman center advanced and it was all downhill from there.hunyadi tried to organize the forces back and while the right flank held until the end of the day , mostly using the czech wagon defense tactics in the end the crusader army was smashed into the ground , only a few thousand of them managing to escape across the danube . 
  the implications of this battle were huge , and the different result may have resulted in quite a different europe.europe with byzantium still there , europe with the spice trade not being cut off , europe with hungarian-polish commonwealth instead of polish-lithuanian one.and more and more.but i can speculate all day long . 
  and none of this would have been a problem if wladyslaw did n't decide to kill himself by charging into the janissaries.varna should have by all means been a crusader victory , but the polish army routing because of their king dying did n't help at all . 
  guess i can get him over the pc and just show him the written one . 
  a is like english a , \u042a is like u in '' umbrella '', 
  how do you pronounce the second one ? 
  guess its closer to romanian then aromanian then.bulgaria has some crazy dialects.some are harder to understand than '' macedonian '' lol . 
  well dad has romanian friends and they are able to understand each other quite well.i dunno exactly what they are speaking lol.most of the people he has talked with are just over the river though , so i reccon that the dialect there would be way closer to vlach than transylvanian romanian for example . 
  well 7 generations ago an ancestor was a big deal moldavian.still feel like a bulgarian though ( damn brainwashing assimilation ) . but i am proud to have an ancestor from the same country as epic sax guy . 
  damn that 's really kinda evil lol.but i guess with the ottoman empire creeping in , that is what was needed for wallachia to survive as a country . 
  i mean you can call it aromanian , but here people just call it vlach.and yeah its different but no more than '' macedonian '' and bulgarian for example . 
  also allegedly , one of mom 's , mom ancestors was the second son of [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexandru_ioan_cuza ) . allegedly after the coup against his father , not feeling safe about his life he ran away to bulgaria and married there , his grandson , being the grandfather of my grandmother ( a lot of grands here lol ) . 
  dad 's family is vlach yeah , from the town of bregovo which is on the timok and near serbia.mom 's mom family is also vlach , from a village near vidin on the danube.her dad is an '' actual '' bulgarian.dad can hold a conversation with a romanian pretty well , wo n't understand all words , and the person talking with him wo n't either , but the meaning will be easy to catch . 
  that is because as i told you , the language here has n't progressed much after the 19th century.for example dad can read an old historical text from back then but he would have trouble with modern romanian writing . 
  pretty sure they are related https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlachs_in_bulgaria and yeah people call them ( us ? ), 
  vlachs here as well . 
  but the assimilation levels are huge.from the thousands of speakers in grandfathers generation , they fell to hundreds in dad 's . in mine you can count them on your fingers . 
  and you can say the exact opposite thing for bulgaria too.especially around where i live around the danube in northwestern bulgaria.a lot of the old people here speak both bulgarian and 19th century romanian ( including 3 of my grandparents ) . dad speaks it too . 
  kinda funny when we were on holiday on the black sea and some romanian tourist asked for directions , with like a big old dictionary and stuff and he answers them in ( probably heavily accented ) romanian.the look on their faces was priceless . 
  oh wallachia proper ( oltenia and muntenia ) was full of bulgarian immigrants ( arrived way later than the chiprovtci ones though , mostly after the crimean war ) hell all our revolutionary 's operated from there.most of the people returned back after 1878 though . 
  no not the english aaaaa.everything is better than them , take it , take it !, 
  oh the story behind the banat bulgarians were really interesting.germans miners settled near the iron mining town of chiprovtsi and majority of the population converted.they later had an [ uprising ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chiprovtsi_uprising ) which was crushed in blood , and the majority of the survivors fled to banat wallachia .
