  to be fair , who does n't love a good beaver ? 
  we 'll take them !, 
  i 'd add that lithuania is n't too crowded as pro too and there 's plenty of nature all around . 
  even `` big '' cities are n't all that big . 
  of course to some that would seem like a con . 
  now on xenophobia , homophobia . 
  yes there 's too much of that , but on the other hand it 's nice not having over the top political correctness either . 
  as for what 's unavailable on the internet ? 
  next thing you people gon na tell me golubaya luna guy ai n't gay !, 
  [ greek moussaka ] ( https://i.imgur.com/e96uxaa.jpg ) is just wonderful !, 
  damn those abbreviations !, 
  well yeah , it 's tough to both work and study , but many people do that just fine . 
  if you change nothing then things wo n't get better . 
  you 're 23 it 's far from too late . 
  you have computer , internet access and know english decently enough . 
  there 's plethora of free content out there not to mention rutor etc. 
  there 's literally no excuse why one could n't educate himself on his own . 
  stop being lazy or stop complaining because life is shit anywhere for lazy folks . 
  got ta be [ vinted ] ( https://www.vinted.com/about ) with over 11mil members . 
  locally probably [ skelbiu ] ( http://www.skelbiu.lt/ ) although there 's many sites specified for specific niche that are generally better suited when searching for cars , real estate and such . 
  [ does n't seem right ] ( https://translate.google.com/#auto/en/eesti%20eest ), 
  and finns shout hurrah when they see light . 
  oooooooh , look who wants uk to leave !, 
  ida-viru not marked in estonia either so idk why author chose to indicate minorities in latvia \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  now that 's a nice ad . 
  nice mix of humour , cool factor and a sledgehammer of patriotism at the end . 
  oh my god , wtf are you smoking ? 
  dreaded belarusians ? 
  detested latvians ? 
  what the f * ck . 
  never change !, 
  i was having a conversation in english with this greek fellow once and upon hearing my full name he shouted `` what ? 
  are you greek ?! '' . 
  that was quite amusing . 
  this one is a bit old but pretty cool https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysjeqkmi4du, 
  eternal siesta - best siesta . 
  no siesta in baltics , only suicide . 
  dzukian dialect sounds most polish to me with all their cz , dz and whatnot . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5y28m9cbha and we all say kurva , so we 've got that uniting us !, 
  oh yeah , that one never ceases to be funny . 
  yanis varoufakis sounds lithuanized/latvianized to me . 
  language - yes . 
  culture , you probably have more in common with latvia in that regard . 
  and yes , you may be closest relative to finns genetically , but they are not to you , they simply do n't have as close relatives as you do . 
  either way , it 's not just geographical oversimplification that you 're a baltic country , but sure you can identify as whatever you feel like , it 's 2016 . 
  genetically estonians are closer to lithuanians , latvians , poles and even russians than finns . 
  yeah , all baltic states are in agreement that delfi comments section is literally rectal cancer . 
  no clue who those people are and how they still did n't suicide if they hate everything so much . 
  sweden hooks our children onto pewdiepie nonsense and makes little boys act all feminine . 
  eesti nordic meme pisses me off . 
  and i 'm jealous of poland for having stronger military , much bigger population etc. 
  having just one political party that i could say i support fully and can proudly vote for would be nice . 
  if not that , then fighter jets !, 
  cause fighter jets are cool . 
  magnificent !, 
  sorry you feel that way . 
  got ta keep it in mind it 's mostly emotional response that manifests in some angry internet comments and nothing more . 
  our media really loves beating the war drums , generates lots of clicks with all the impending doom hype . 
  maybe , but so far what we can observe in these demonstrations is that the number of participants is decreasing each year and even with the refugee scare it 's so far smallest demonstration they had . 
  eh , i say pretty much same thing to people who go ape shit about gay parade . 
  i do n't know man , even in recent years we can observe growth in fertility rates in lithuania and latvia . 
  last year we had the biggest jump so far and should be ~ 1.70 by now , not sure about latvia for last year , but in previous years latvia boasted biggest increases in that regard among baltic states ( 1.65 fr for 2014 ) . 
  ( would be interesting to see results for 2015 ) as for immigration , each year it increases in lithuania too . 
  most of immigrants are just lithuanians returning home , but foreign immigration also shows a growing trend , coming mostly from russia , belarus and ukraine . 
  ( not sure how it is in that regard for latvia but should be pretty similar i 'd assume ) now of course , we had big increase in emigration last year too , so that 's a problem . 
  but i suppose what i 'm trying to say is i do n't think everything is as hopeless as it might seem right now and these predictions seem way too pessimistic seeing that there 's clearly observable positive trends in our countries too . 
  but yeah , i would n't mind lithavian union . 
  eh , that was more or less anti-refugee demonstration lead by same bunch that gets ignored by general public as usual . 
  were there neo-nazi participants ? 
  sure . 
  not really a big deal , as long as they do n't break any laws got ta let them have their march . 
  here 's a vid : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4ojflqvhkc, 
  fair enough , as a good and friendly neighbour i 'll give you something to remember them by !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d19fpxgkt1g  ), 
  oh god , why ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  i do find that really odd , but that 's probably how it goes with the whole dictatorship thing . 
  ehem !, 
  i 'd say bulgaria . 
  they do n't really get any coverage in local media nor have i ever talked much with any bulgarians neither live nor via internet . 
  given that they are eu member i certainly should know more about them than i do . 
  honorary mention goes to belarus as it 's only fairly recently that i 've started looking more into their lives nowadays , but you kinda need to seek out content about them if you want to know much despite them being neighbours and one of the biggest tourist groups in lithuania apparently . 
  so . . will they call themselves russia from now on ? 
  sure . 
  what housing do they get ? 
  or do they just have to find a place to rent on their own ? 
  in 2014 it got to 1.63 in lithuania and in 2015 we got even bigger jump in births than in previous years , so should be closer to 1.70 by now . 
  goddamn samogitians are even above replacement rate . 
  it 's enough for a student to get by and pay rent for a dorm room . 
  been there done that , even saved some money . 
  sounds great if i understood it correctly . 
  no more zero points to rossya from lithuania . 
  that zeus dude was quite a bull !, 
  well , someone has to protect russian minorities without starting a ww3 . 
  might as well be us . 
   as far as i 'm aware , learning lithuanian is mission impossible and yeah , not very handy , except for being a sure fire way to become instant best friends with any grumpy lithuanian . 
  anyway , tranlation to the lyrics of that song : http://lyricstranslate.com/en/raudoni-vakarai-red-evenings.html#songtranslation, 
  not aware of such maps :( was at folk concert a while ago , was very pleasantly surprised by latgalian ( latvia ) band , super catchy music  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wswhpkxoytk yes , random lithuanian pop music is complete garbage although there are some gems making it to the top once in a while , for example : [ ieva - raudoni vakarai ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmjbseulgt8 ) though it 's considered sung poetry . 
  heh , never heard lithuanian being compared to german . 
  the band performing it is from area eastern south of lithuania , not far from poland and kaliningrad so i suppose there may be some german/prussian influence on their dialect .
