  heh , i 'd say that holding back for under three days is a bit more optimistic than what our military commanders would 've said . 
  either way , yeah , in case of direct invasion there 's nothing one could do . 
  nato members would be deeply concerned though . 
  although a direct invasion rather than hybrid attack seems way less likely . 
  yeah , it 's nice . 
  i like browsing around from time to time . 
  figures ai n't most precise , but enough to get a general idea . 
  i thought we agreed that we 'll keep all communications through [ natalia ] ( https://i.imgur.com/4wprc6r.jpg ) but you people just haaad to back-stab me and get ivan involved . 
  jesus , man , where this world is going , ca n't even trust a commie these days . 
  kiev does not belong to lithuania , yet . 
  min wage wo n't get you far , if you live in a city it 'll be enough to pay off rent in an old flat and utility bills with nothing left extra . 
  of course most people either earn more , or earn garbage salary on paper and get additional payment in `` envelope '' . 
  here russians are attacking on saturday , may 9th . 
  high-pressure is created so that the parade would go well . 
  holds back all chemical shit coming from atlantic and in lithuania we have a beautiful weather for today so we could also celebrate this very important day for us , may 9th . 
  a day when russian army defeated split-nailed army who were financed by world bankers so they could conquer whole world , all it 's knowledge and change it 's history . 
  yeeaaaah , i doubt that would change anything [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeywwnvkymy] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeywwnvkymy ), 
  it 's some light-hearted fun , [ here ] ( https://i.imgur.com/zrdai6w.png ) polan can get an upper hand too sometimes . 
  sure , but that requires having some money to begin with . 
  man , i 'd be looking into doing some freelancing stuff on the side if i were you . 
  they updated the article to include that . 
  probably racing to get the news out first and then adding the content . 
  almost sounds too good to be true . 
  i 'm absolutely jealous of hungary right now . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but as far as i 'm aware it is insisted that a woman would convert to islam if she 's to marry a muslim . 
  kinda a deal breaker for christians and atheists alike so 56 % does n't seem that high . 
  not too surprising , people who got their shit together do n't normally go around looking to get into trouble . 
  pretty impressive mate , congrats !, 
  america happens to all of us sometimes , but it 's okay , you 're european now . 
  oh come on , those were 2 best vids . 
  they forgot / s at the end . 
   what is it about the british that some other europeans note as being `` too american ? '', 
  obesity rate . 
  oh , thanks bro !, 
  nothing but < 3 back at your country . 
  now i do n't necessarily agree that randomly picking is morally wrong , conscription is done this way or green card lottery . 
  surely it 's not nicest method out there , but one that does not discriminate . 
  regarding 2 . 
  fair enough , i was not aware of that . 
  they get less , but enough to live safely . 
  i do n't think eu should feel morally obliged to maximize their wealth , what 's important is providing safety and not letting people starve . 
  i suppose . 
  but if country 's politicians agree to quotas against the will of their people that 's on them , not on eu . 
  i see your other points but why would it be morally wrong ? 
  [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yecpcorupym] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yecpcorupym ), 
  quite an exaggeration . 
  population of 1 million statistically will always have some murderers , rapists etc. 
  [ could be worse ] ( https://i.imgur.com/mhi34pu.jpg ), 
   also we are watching your porn with you . 
  happiness only real when shared . 
  4/45 , not too shabby . 
  hair fell out , ca n't eat , ca n't sleep , ca n't sex . 
  i look like moby and spend all day thinking of military aged arab men . 
  have n't seen one yet , but people say they 're coming . 
  russia is about to invade as well . 
  hope they wo n't confuse me with a skinhead . 
  that 's quite pessimistic indeed !, 
  but do n't really see a scenario where ce/ee gets divided by arabs , if anything it could only serve to unite us . 
  yes , i meant slavic immigration as a possible positive in otherwise negative prediction , just that we and slavs have roughly same fr so it does n't fix the underlying problem we all face . 
  to explain that while in that case there may be growth it would n't be due to increased fertility rate . 
  thanks nsa !, 
  pessimistic 1 ) , nothing changes . 
  we continue dying out and leaving , population declines by 1 million . 
  pessimistic 2 ) europe divided , we 're back under russian sphere of influence . 
  population increases though , mostly due to slavic immigration . 
  optimistic 1 ) my imagination does n't stretch that far . 
  [ ieva - raudoni vakarai ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmjbseulgt8 ) ieva - red evenings :  in my palms the bees buzz , water in your lungs ,  in my palms the morning fades , sad as a soldier 's dog . 
   my arms -- full of sand , grind the sky , full of clouds ,  millstones cry and weep ; i collapse onto your shoulders . 
   i will lie down ; you will come back ,  there 'll be red evenings ,  the enemy will fall , everything will change ,  my lithuania , without fate -- are you scared ? 
   blizzards rise for the third time , the bees fell from the palms ,  the city bell hummed and cried , brothers vanished in the forests ,  moaning birches complaining to the lindens all night ,  blood red flooded our half-empty houses . 
   when i lied down , you did not come back ,  where red evenings are ,  the empty cross of the empty road ,  my lithuania , without fate -- are you scared ? 
  the stats do n't take into account attempted suicides , only successful ones and hanging being high success rate method that is always accessible makes it the champion of suicide . 
  guns for example are n't as easily accessible as in usa so naturally , the method ca n't have much popularity in lithuania . 
  women do however commit far less suicides which is at least partly due to them choosing softer methods with lower success rates . 
  think i 've read that women are actually more likely than men to attempt suicide , not sure how true it is for lithuania though . 
  whether hanging or shooting is more brutal i 'm not sure . 
  properly executed drop hanging is relatively painless and less clean up . 
  most i 'd imagine fail to do it properly and die a gruesome death . 
  yeah , ma\u010diulis already got called out for it and sort of backtracked on his words . 
  our minister of foreign affairs somewhat accused him of pushing commercial bank 's agenda by making these claims . 
   the stallion looks a bit like a lizard though . 
  such is life . 
  i kinda think yours turned out a tad better , mine looks too finnish , but here it is anyway : [ https://i.imgur.com/bqahicn.jpg] ( https://i.imgur.com/bqahicn.jpg ), 
  yup . 
  or at the very least , ma\u010diulis . 
  yeah , ~ 90 % of suicides committed by hanging for both sexes . 
  other methods vary , men choose more brutal stuff like shooting oneself , women are more prone to poison themselves . 
  if you could then you should !, 
  i am offended by you being offended of me being offended . 
  yeah , theory exam then practical . 
  after passing theory ( ~ 50 % pass at first try ) you get up to one year to pass practical . 
  practical exam is pretty tough , in 2014 only 39,52 % passed it at first try . 
  ( similar numbers for other years , going down or up by few % ) yet we still have too many idiots on roads . 
  haha , polish trucker flipping them off , 
  would be nice , but current situation ai n't bad either from my experience . 
  polish folks same as those you mentioned go to other countries where they get grouped together in same dorms , bonding with neighbors ensues . 
  shhh . 
  soon brother , soon . 
  dunno , i like it . 
  does n't look very sturdy tho .
