  also , subliminal eesti = nordic messaging in the background spotted !, 
  man , did not expect it to be as entertaining as it turned out to be . 
  that 's odd , ca n't say i 've heard russian being spoken anywhere outside vilnius . 
  nice try , organ harvesters . 
  sounds about right !, 
  tried reading about my city in finnish , turns out we 're japan or something . 
  roughly at the level of \u0161e\u0161ios \u017e\u0105sys su \u0161e\u0161iais \u017e\u0105sy\u010diais . 
  belarus not important enough to get a proper english name . 
  yes , that 's exactly how it is , move along people , nothing to see [ here !, 
  long haired , church burning folks that like to run around in the woods with a ton of make-up on and they drive tesla !, 
  ( gas is for burning churches , not cars ), 
  puola means attacking in lithuanian . 
  as in rusai puola !, 
  russians are attacking !, 
  lithuanian names of pagan origin have been on the rise lately , one particular name that stands out to me is joris - god of spring . 
  when i hear of some boy named joris i ca n't help myself but think that little wanker is up to no good . 
  lithuanian girl names are quite beautiful , such as : vilt\u0117 , aust\u0117ja , liepa , smilt\u0117 . 
  i do also see that few boys were named perk\u016bnas last year . 
  finns may recognize him as perkele !, 
  i do know a guy that greets women that way , does n't seem to be getting punched in the face so i 'd say it 's fine even in front of a boyfriend . 
  also people would be more tolerant for foreigner doing this . 
  surprisingly enough most suicides happen in summer/late spring when there 's no lack of sun . 
  is of mistake , sorry eesti !, 
  good , if some bmw driver steers off a road , less people will be hit . 
  poor representative i am . 
  just a wrong time to move mostly . 
  more and more people are leaving each year tho . 
  yeah , ca n't really blame them , 
  my student friends also got jumped by patriotic danes for speaking lithuanian . 
  i do n't really blame danes or anyone else besides our uncultured/uneducated brutes that go to foreign countries and act like pigs . 
  certainly seems they are n't too fond of lithuanians coming in from what i see on our media and with some anecdotal evidence . 
  i do n't necessarily think that 's a bad thing , just means one has to take integrating more seriously and if i were to leave for any country , integration would be my top priority anyway ( learning the language etc ), 
  pretty good weather , relatively sensible politics , happy & healthy people , good wages and work environment . 
  britain is rightful polish-lithuanian commonclay !, 
  / s besides that britons have a good sense of humor , produce good music and likes to moan about bad weather so what 's not to like !, 
  well honestly . 
  who did n't overtrain first time they went for their independence lift ? 
  it 's heart and commitment that counts . 
  no pain no gain !, 
  we did learn from mistakes , perfected technique and [ are more prepared now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/px1cisn.jpg ), 
  you could pose as w/e you 'd like . 
  there was an article recently published on our media about a lithuanian drug addict who fleeing debt went to germany where he eventually got refugee status by claiming he 's from dagestan and that he 's prosecuted by putin 's regime . 
  free flat in berlin + 1.3 k euros to settle . 
  [ source in lithuanian ] ( http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/lithuania/apsimetes-pabegeliu-lietuvis-vokietijoje-gyveno-isskirtinemis-salygomis.d?id=69927576 ), 
  ca n't a country just hate someone for no apparent reason these days ? 
  somewhat , yeah . 
  i find myself more tempted to choose other ee countries for vacation instead . 
  great idea . 
  the lady who lives on first floor looks like one of those who know everything that 's going on in that building . 
  kinda my whole point re media hype , 
  eh , some people actually do think same of us due to all the shootings being reported on our news . 
  do n't let the media hype get you . 
  everyone should be more miserable than i am . 
  these guys took negging to a whole new level . 
  i wonder how much does trump hurt other candidates chances now by taking their spotlight in media or it 's all more or less irrelevant until nominations ? 
  there are a few posts itt that state it was taken out of context and all seem to be upvoted so i 'm not really seeing it . 
  oh i love presidential elections in us , it 's like an actually fun reality tv and trump is gods gift to your comedians , carson too . 
  however with trump 's media exposure he does seem to over-shadow other republican nominees , but is it really realistic that he gets nominated ? 
   watch me get down voted by people trying to hide the truth . 
  pretentiousness 101, 
  shh it 's ok it 's ok, 
  if i recall correctly out of ~ 40 people that shown interest in coming over only one family ( 4 people ) passed a security check so besides lack of interest , there 's also that in play . 
  i suppose could be an alternative for vasectomy , but besides that , no thanks . 
  i 'm sure you would so best to keep it off your eyes . 
  pretty similar situation here , 5 exams in upcoming two weeks . 
  good thing it 's last year of this pointless studying for me , 
  yet when i reported straight up nudes they found nothing inappropriate . 
  i do n't think it 's an issue of fb over-censoring but an issue of fb being horrendous at moderating content . 
  lightroom should be sufficient , this is n't kim kardashian 's buttocks we 're dealing with . 
  what i got from this video is that estonians not only speak but sing really slowly too . 
  first thing that pops to mind ? 
  a bald f ** king eagle and american flag in the background . 
  things i dislike the most : * over the top sugar consumption . 
  as far as i 'm aware , even your bread has a fair amount of sugar . 
  * christianity . 
  nothing wrong in being religious but it should not interfere with education ( evolution , sex ed ) and should n't be something impacting who you vote for . 
  * the pc crowd . 
  things i like the most : * freedom of speech * guns * cheap fuel * military might * tech industry * cultural output ( movies , tv shows etc ) . 
  if i were to ever emigrate , usa would likely be my choice as imo it 's the most friendly country for skilled immigrants where one could fit in fairly quickly and not feel like some sort of invader . 
  we should really cash in on this world wide recognition and build a theme park - suicideland [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekmklzoat38 ) for people from all over the world to come for their last ride . 
  for a stereotypical depressed lithuanian like me [ antis ft. leon somov & jazzu - nauji metai ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urbzhlhxp-o ) fits perfectly . 
  it 's a remake of original that was released in soviet times . 
  emigrant new year song basically , hence the video . 
  [ lo and behold !, 
  we ca n't into nordic and ca n't into ee . 
  forever alone , two braliukas and a bag of potatoes . 
  such is life . 
  indeed the number is still high , not arguing that . 
  they think immigration is the most important issue facing eu right now ( 79 % ) , not ee . 
  the number is down to 45 % when asked about ee specifically . 
  i thought poland was supposed to be highly religious ? 
  heh , threads like this always get derailed into some silly battle over historic details . 
  good thing is that none of it truly reflects what average lithuanian or pole thinks of their neighbor . 
  not alienating homosexual nationals should lead to less people leaving for more welcoming western countries and while these people are unlikely to procreate , they are still valuable contributors to society , workers , tax payers etc. 
  so i do n't think that it 's completely unrelated to the depopulation matter although i do agree that more time and resources be spent on improving birth rates . 
  fwiw , i always interpret the `` do n't take your shoes off '' as `` i 'd like you not to stay for too long and take your shoes off anyway '' . 
  first our people , now our birds . 
  nah , refugees are non-issue for lithuania . 
  we agreed to take in like 1.3 k over two years and got so far one family consisting of 4 people . 
  we can deal with such numbers but there 's always some people who like to shout that the sky is falling .
