see my flair . 
  everbody knows it . 
  everyone hates them . 
  the netherlands . 
  it should be considered normal that a migrant family becomes westernised thats why no one would care about such headlines . 
  allah bless the schengen area !, 
  why should europe ? 
  he was just checking out if you have enough freedom , if this was not the case he 'd probably shit all over your window . 
  `` the muslims in poland will cause no problems '' they said , `` take some more '' they say . 
  no thanks . 
  they secretly germanized me , i didnt even notice it until now !, 
  are there any reasons why you didnt like it ? 
  i cant wait till im in k\u00e9rkyra , is it nice there ? 
  i heard that the beaches aint as full as they are in croatia or italy , do you know if thats true ? 
  no thanks , fuck the warsaw pact . 
  til putin is the opposite of merkel edit : / s, 
  which is one of the greatest things ever . 
  or both . 
  yeah , why let russians die when you can let minorities fight your wars . 
  i never said it is similiar , but we have the same values dont we ? 
  dont deny that its easier for poles to integrate into british culture then it is for muslims . 
  if you dont want polish immigrants , kick them out i have no problem with it . 
  since you accepted them you have to deal with them . 
  and if i was a brit id rather have to deal with poles then with pakistanis or arabs . 
  but thats just my opinion . 
  if romania goes to war we would gladly accept them but why should we accept syrians or somalians ? 
  your argument is total bullshit . 
  do irish immigrants want to enforce sharia law in britain ? 
  i guess not . 
  what kind of fucking statement is this ? 
  so because people from poland emigrate to other countrys it means we have to accept other people that are not in the eu dont have a culture that is similiar to ours . 
  i dont want those people in here , since they behave like morons ( kicking christians out of the boat they used to come to europe ) , i gladly accept christian syrian families because they are the ones that really need our help , and they want to live in a safe place not like many muslims that come to hungary and want to gtfo as soon as possible , because if they really wanted a safe place they could just stay at hungary ( im not saying hungary should accept those people btw ) they are after money and thats why they want to come to france , england or germany . 
  like one men of the syrian christian families we accepted said `` we dont want your money , we want to have jobs '' . 
  and thats the kind of people id love to have in poland . 
  so fuck your statement i dont want poland to turn into sweden 2.0 or france 2.0 i know you want it to happen but it will not happen . 
  i see why people would dislike this idea but we saw what happend to ukraine . 
  i highly doubt that this conflict would happen if ukraine still had its nuclear weapons . 
  i thought that was quite fucking obvious lol, 
  how stupid do you have to be to not get that this was supposed to be a joke ? 
  ofc we will help our lithuanian friends , together we captured moscow and we shall do it again :p, 
  yes , if ww3 comes we are all dead . 
  whenever one side starts loosing they will use their nukes , so will be the winning side . 
  i hope it never comes to this point . 
  as a pole , what can we do ? 
  only thing we can do is to hope that america will defend poland since our small army cant do shit against the massive russian military . 
  you realize we are in nato so whatever happens , if russia invades europa ( what is very unlikely imo ) poland is one of the first country they would had to attack , baltics would be lost very fast and polish land would defently be a large battlefield . 
  i am very happy that our american brothers support us like they did in the polish-bolshevik war , their pilots kicked some serious bolshevik ass . 
  so american soldiers , you are welcome here . 
  and im pretty sure most of the polish people have the same opinion as i do . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  if they are lost kinds go ahead and go to is , lets see how they treat heroes like you . 
  just dont loose your head . 
  `` lost kids '' , how do you know that ? 
  sure , after they realize war aint so cool they shit their pants and come back to europe . 
  no reason to not give them a long sentence in jail . 
  visit a doctor as fast as you can . 
  why do you want to drag europe into a war ? 
  ukraine is not our problem , they are a problem for themselvs . 
  europe has its own problems right now . 
  why `` we '' ? 
  who is the `` we '' you are talking about ? 
   if we really want a united states of europe yeah but the people who want that are a minority . 
  thats actually really interesting . 
  i live in vienna and there are many turks here and i never heard a bad word about peshmerga , only about pkk . 
  nope this is not true at all , for example the peshmerga ( probably the biggest millitary group kurdistan has ) is against pkk . 
  peshmerga also is `` secular '' , they accept every fighter . 
  being serious many of them dont give two shits about religion . 
  just look at the vice documentaries on peshmerga 's `` road to mosul '' they constantly say stuff like `` fuck their mothers and their call to prayers '' . 
  and the pkk is a communist-terrorist group ofc they are fucked in the head . 
  the big difference is that germany does not glorify the ss while ukraine glorifies criminals like upa / oun , and they are just as worse as the nazis . 
  and thats the main reason why i dont want eu federalisation to happen . 
  yeah i agree but i dont think turkey is a threat to greece . 
  atleast not right now . 
  as long turkey is in nato they wont do anything . 
  what turkey needs to do is to get rid of erdogan . 
  getting rid of erdogan = profit . 
  can you explain what you mean by `` dangerous neighborhood '' ? 
  finally !, 
  good news . 
  i dont see why anyone would downvote this . 
  if you try to steal anything from auschwitz you most likely are a huge piece of shit . 
  sure lets honor the ss for defending berlin against the allies . 
  honor them for annexing all former `` german '' land too !, 
  people like you make me sick . . fuck upa . 
  last time i checked you liked to work together with his troops when they where in ukraine ... 
  so am i lol nothing to be ashamed of . 
  can confirm i am from zakopane . 
  hes probably one of the most useless presidents poland ever had . 
  i dont know if already own some glasses or not but if its not the case you should defently get some . 
  political party democratic left alliance its just under her picture . 
  til i have ties with moscow too . 
  exactly what upa did back in the days , ukrainians never change . 
  didnt know that , thank you . 
  `` later , in a statement , varoufakis confirmed the incident but claimed that the attack was not `` pre-planned '' . '', 
  such a bad liar lol , nobody questioned that it was planned or not . 
  now it makes think that it was planned so that he may get a better reputation or something like that, 
  lol that indian guy be like `` im so glad i migrated to norway '', 
  sorry to say that but you are full of bullshit . 
  saying `` upa central leadership didnt sanction the massarce '' is a lie and you know that . 
  the reason why me and many poles dont support ukraine is because you celebrate upa .
