  but perhaps there could be an opt out for each state when it comes to an eu army . 
  yeah fianna f\u00e1\u00edl has n't made a move in northern ireland since things started going wrong for them and it will take them a few elections to recover , if at all , before they can start looking at expansion again . 
  i have n't heard anything myself on a split in labour and i ca n't see that helping them in any way . 
  it 's probably the td 's who do n't want to see their party name on legislation that could n't be further from their views . 
  it 's incredibly frustrating looking at our politics at the moment . 
  we need to move away from the civil war and over to right-left politics and the best way i can imagine that is fine gael v. labour in the d\u00e1il but they way things are going labour might not be big enough to do that . 
  and i do n't want to see sinn f\u00e9in step up to be the main party of the left . 
  actually , fianna f\u00e1il is also a registered party in the north but it has n't yet contested any elections . 
  it has bigger problems to sort out first . 
  the irish green party has elected representatives at at least council level on both sides of the border . 
  then there are the small left wing parties such as the socialist party , people before profit alliance and the communist party of ireland which are all registered on both sides of the border . 
  the irish labour party stays out of northern ireland but that is so it does n't split the vote for the sdlp which it actively supports . 
  essentially on the nationalist side there is a lot of cross border organisation . 
  for obvious reasons the unionist parties do n't extend into the south . 
  but as you said there would be an issue in convincing people on the idea of reunification due to the stereotypes of sinn f\u00e9in . 
  in my opinion a new republican party is needed to promote a more protestant friendly version of republicanism and reunification . 
  i 've met several who would certainly listen to a less `` in your face '' message . 
  i see , i had a feeling something had been done to appease the basque if they 've gone quiet on independence . 
  what do you think are the chances of catalonian independence then ? 
  is it more likely to settle for greater autonomy ? 
  i hope it does n't turn ugly like things did with eta , would there be any chance or history of that or is the catalonian independence movement strictly constitutional ? 
  i suppose eta had it 's origins fighting against franco to preserve the basque identity and all that . 
  the situation now sounds similar to that of northern ireland where , although there was significant support for a united ireland during the troubles , the support has dwindled since then and the majority of nationalists are content with the current situation . 
  but there are other factors at play there such as the ability of the republic to afford unification right now , the hugely improved rights for catholics , something that can now actually be called democracy in place and an understanding that it will have to go to a vote and the unionist population is still bigger . 
  but it is still at the back of people 's minds . 
  many are happy with the status quo for now but if the opportunity presents itself in the future opinions may change again . 
  particularly with the continuing demographic trends favouring the catholic/nationalist community . 
  because of that i think there still may be larger support in basque that is n't showing up in polls but is at the back of peoples ' minds , dormant . 
  it 's difficult to tell though and i do n't know the basque situation quite as well to be sure . 
  do you mean historically or right now ? 
  basque seemed to make a bigger deal about it over the past century . 
  basque would be pretty pissed if catalonia got it first . 
  i got an expensive looking pamphlet from him telling me to vote no in ireland 's upcoming referendum . 
  tell him to stop sticking his nose into a country that neither he , nor his party , nor his european parliamentary group represent . 
  seeing his face on it just made me mad . 
  he also sneakily did n't mention ukip anywhere on it because the main no vote party is sinn f\u00e9in and their supporters would see red at !, 
  i think sarkozy and merkel are playing to he right wing with elections as neither are doing great in their polls as far as i know . 
  they might not actually do it but instead discussed it and let that fact be known to gain support from the right out of false hope for reintroducing national border controls . 
   i disagree with that too . 
  i hope we can eventually stop it . 
  who are you to stop it ? 
  i hope that they go away altogether naturally . 
   i went to the boy scouts ( cubs ) i do n't remember any indoctrination . 
  furthermore , political/religious instruction is not a major aim of the scouts . 
  where i live i did it a few years beyond cubs and we were reciting prayers every week , going to the occasional regional chapter mass , learning skills on the grounds of the nearby cathedral , meeting the local bishop and saluting him . 
  they might be open to everyone but the scouts are primarily promoting christian values and they explicitly talk about educating children in a set of values in line with their scout code or whatever . 
  you ca n't remember it possibly because you were about as young as the kids who 'll go to this creche . 
  but also people tend not to remember the indoctrination they still agree with . 
  they tend to call that education . 
   you 're the only person on here comparing momentum to the nazis it 's been called the corbyn-jugend and corbyn 's comsomols in this very thread . 
  at the end of the day it will not be much more than reading the kids [ click clack moo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mc3zlxfi98y ) . 
  yeah but what kind of political instruction can you possibly give at that age that is n't just teaching them the very same vague values their parents would . 
  the same parents who agreed to bring them knowing what it was . 
  some parents bring their kids to church run creche style things that instil religious values . 
  hell the scouts do the same thing . 
  the unfair comparison that everyone keeps making here though is the likes of the hitler youth or soviet komsomol even though this is really aimed at far younger kids than those two . 
  the actual issue people had with those two organisations were that they were run by the state with the intentions of creating a generation of young people who were on board with their project with the hitler youth making it compulsory unlike the komsomol . 
  bringing those up with regard to momentum is a false equivalence but it 's what 's really driving this moral panic . 
  the idea of a dedicated creche set up for those who want to get involved but have n't got the time due to minding their children is a good idea . 
  the mention of political education has everyone worried but if the parents are going to this in the first place there 's nothing the kids are going to pick up that they would n't have done from their parents anyway . 
  `` but shkreli was only raising prices for the insurance companies not the people !, 
  what do you mean that will be passed on to the customers ? '', 
  not every native german is related to ss officers though . 
  also the second leader of the party was also a former ss officer . 
  they have toned down since but they are still to the right of the austrian centre-right party . 
  they are n't nazis but they 're not christian democrats either . 
  i know a guy who is `` alt-right '' . 
  he was apolitical until gamergate and now he talks of the wonders of nationalism . 
  he 's never read a book on politics before or really leaves the house to talk to people in the real world but he was in an echochamber for too long when he started to care about shit all of a sudden . 
  the first leader of his party was a former ss officer . 
  get angry and emotional all you want it does n't change the reality that europe is waltzing towards more conflict because of people like you who then get offended if you point out what is blatantly happening . 
  ethnic tensions are a two way thing . 
  both sides need to chill the fuck out but if you take the attitude that you wo n't stop because they wo n't well then do n't say you were n't warned . 
  you do sound like an angry loyalist from northern ireland . 
  stalin has some vocal apologists but they 're still very very much a minority on the internet . 
  you might get some russian nationalists too i do n't know . 
  usually though when these threads turn into arguments it is because people start conflating stalin with things that he should n't be conflated with and instead of attacking stalinists you 're attacking a lot more people who naturally argue back . 
  that 's a false equivalence . 
  not blaming a traumatised rape victim for her plight is not the same as warning about basic common sense when it comes to ethnic tensions within a society . 
  more tensions will lead to more polarisation which will lead to more terrorism which will lead to more deaths . 
  if you can lower tensions you should . 
  this sub has been giving me an early troubles vibe for the past few months and people like you are doing everything wrong to try to avoid it . 
  religious texts are treated as guidelines that should be adhered to as best you can by most religious people . 
  it is n't code that the brain executes . 
  religious people are just human . 
   `` do n't piss them off , we 'll only get more bombs ! '', 
  because strongman attitudes are great for dealing with social tensions . 
  people need to chill the fuck out or you * will * get more bombs . 
  i think its probably for the best we just call it what they call themselves as juche as it 's pretty uniquely weird and a product of its own conditions . 
  trying to tie it into things that have come before possibly just dilute our understanding of it . 
  i would argue that the way russia has been subverting ukraine would have worked with or without nukes . 
  they 're playing war while denying war exists . 
   why would corbyn refuse to say that uk would defend ally invaded by putin ? 
  because corbyn wants to focus the debate on avoiding war through a different approach to international diplomacy . 
  these questions are just leading questions to try to bypass his point in a hypothetical . 
  i 'd say in the kind of hypothetical scenario everyone imagines of putin just rolling the tanks into poland for whatever reason corbyn in pm would probably go along with nato but he does n't want to talk about war he wants to talk about promoting peace . 
  his opponent the other day said the uk should negotiate with isis which corbyn disagreed with . 
  does that make owen smith some saudi mole ? 
   why would corbyn want to unilaterally abandon nukes ? 
  corbyn both wants the world to continue to get rid of its nukes and you ca n't tell others to get rid of them if you 're still pointing some at them .
