  i do n't think all the resistance movements in the second world war had unanimous support for the entirety of their struggle . 
  looking back of course there is unanimous support for them but at the time things were a bit different . 
  there were always those willing to accept and work with the new regime . 
  the word comes with an implicit reference to different treatment based on prejudices . 
  to go down a literal route of `` it just means making choices '' is to try to avoid the meaning it has in this context . 
  it 's arguing definitions rather than the ideas everyone rightly knows are being referred to . 
  only if you want to water down the meaning of the term to the point it 's utterly meaningless . 
  anyone who discriminated based on race or sex or religion has believed they had a rational justification to do so . 
  except that is n't going to be on the table at all when it comes to dealing with this problem . 
  this is n't stalin 's russia . 
  this is europe in the 21st century . 
  sacking al-raqqah and leaving heads on spikes and dumping bodies in the euphrates also is n't an option these days . 
  where the line gets drawn depends on how much people go after muslims in general rather than just the radicals . 
  the whole point of their terror is to polarise society along religious lines . 
  we might hope for muslims to not get radicalised by it but if they start fearing for their own lives or start feeling oppressed by their governments they will radicalise . 
  maybe not to isis . 
  maybe not even to islamism but they will radicalise . 
  you can be all macho about it `` oh it does n't matter because we 'll kill all in our path '' but that 's never quite how this works in real life . 
  their plan is by getting hit hard by the west they can further draw a line between muslims and everyone else so as to coerce people to take sides and encourage the radicalisation of more young muslim men which gives them more recruits . 
  if retaliation is what they want to achieve through terror attacks then surely retaliating hard just like they want proves it 's effectiveness and encourages them to do it more ? 
  besides , looking at the actual situation on the ground in syria it 's logistics , equipment and backroom politics in favour of the kurds that will make a difference . 
  not dropping bombs on raqqah for the hundredth time . 
  calling the german , austro-hungarian , ottoman and russian empires socialist is just completely off the wall . 
  i want to know what on earth you 've been reading that 's told you they were socialist . 
   the central powers ( germany , austria-hungary , ottoman empire ) plus russia were all socialist autocracies until 1918 . 
  what . 
  nationalism was the cornerstone of fascism and nazism . 
  nationalism was far more to do with the ideology of the khmer rouge than communism was . 
  nationalism drove people to enlist for ww1 . 
  do n't try to pretend that nationalism is clean and pure . 
  you 're missing the point that this comment thread begun with someone saying we are going to be wiped out by terrorism . 
   if you start to think that if you go to a concert and there is a risk involved that some dude will execute you and 100 + other people if you 've let yourself start thinking that you 've let the terrorists win . 
  i 've actually been within the killzone of an ied without realising it at the time . 
  it could have gone off and i would definitely have been killed . 
  i do n't let it affect me . 
  they definitely have . 
  how does that change the fact that terrorism is n't going to literally wipe all of us out ? 
  car crashes are killing more europeans and even it 's not going to wipe all of us out . 
  `` oh but tell that to the guy , whose chest was crushed by his dashboard , after a drunk driver ploughed straight into his car ! '', 
  people need to calm down a bit . 
  terrorism works best when people are afraid and not thinking clearly . 
  since the turn of the century 433 people have been killed in terrorist attacks in the eu . 
  at that rate it 'll take another 17,523,831 years to wipe us out . 
  let 's not lose the run of ourselves now . 
  yeah the impression i 'm getting from looking around is definitely smart guy but controversial and very much political . 
   niall ferguson , one of the greatest historians of our time . 
  debatable . 
  he was also an advisor to john mccain 's presidential campaign and a cursory glance at / r/askhistorians would suggest he 's not widely considered to be one of the greats . 
  seems to be quite the contrarian . 
  he sells a lot of books but that 's no measure of quality in a historian . 
  isis already talks of crusaders in their propaganda . 
  if france and other european countries were to send troops on the ground it would only make their propagandists ' jobs easier . 
  our army is already in syria technically . 
  they 've clashed with al-nusra at least once . 
  any messing around the the border is going to stoke up tensions here . 
  so what about the border between northern ireland and the republic ? 
  would this include closing the border in northern ireland ? 
  or is it just going to be cut off from the rest of the uk in this knee-jerk plan ? 
  isis is losing the ability to make any real gains . 
  they 're not defeated yet and it will take some effort still to defeat it but they are being hit hard in the last while . 
  they 're getting pushed back on too many fronts and have no air support . 
  raqqa will be hard to liberate but with the ypg now being part of the sdf they now have arab forces to move beyond kurdish areas . 
  it will take effort to dislodge them for good but they are n't going to come back from these offensives . 
  isis has literally been trying to goad western countries into doing that since the beginning now . 
  it 's playing exactly into their hands to do that . 
  besides there are already boots on the ground . 
  the syrian democratic forces , syrian army and iraqi army . 
  isis has been mostly losing ground for months now . 
  attacks like these are just desperate attempts at swinging things back in their favour . 
  their days are already numbered . 
  ah but you see the republic is still there !, 
  the cira army council is the only legitimate government on this island !, 
  i do n't think the republic ever was officially abolished rather than just forgotten . 
  the home rule bill was essentially just given more welly and implemented across the island and the north given their opt out . 
  in 1919 sinn f\u00e9in declared irish independence after winning 46 % of the vote in the general election . 
  it 's not really the same situation but people do forget and think these kinds of things happened with unilateral support from their populations in the past . 
  remove england then we 'll talk . 
   also france was fucked one way or another . 
  there was n't an alternative to revolution . 
  reminds me of this quote from james connolly :  `` revolution is never practical -- until the hour of the revolution strikes . 
  then it alone is practical , and all the efforts of the conservatives and compromisers become the most futile and visionary of human imaginings . '', 
  sure we can send them off to the frontiers of northern scandinavia . 
  plenty of land to settle on and snow is something the syrians are oddly used to . 
  i look forward to watching the resulting scandinavian snow arab westerns . 
  if you place yourself in the shoes of a syrian civilian wanting to get out of a warzone it makes a bit more sense . 
  the neighbouring countries taking in refugees are all on the north , west and south because that 's the only direction you can really flee in syria . 
  you ca n't just go as the crow flies . 
  if you head in the direction of europe once you get past the boat stage it is relatively easy . 
  other directions are much harsher places to travel rough . 
  you also want some sort of assurance that once you get there things will be ok so given the choice to risk your future for something better and safer you 're going to want to go for your best option . 
  also take into account refugees and diaspora already in europe as well as languages spoken . 
  i do n't know the figures but a lot of syrian refugees seem to be kurds . 
  german has a very large kurdish diaspora so it would make sense for kurdish refugees to make for places known to have other kurds already including possible relatives and friend already there . 
  this was a big factor in where irish immigrants went to in the us after the famine . 
  and come to think of it many today immigrate to australia because their friends are already there and having people already there helps you get on your feet quickly on arrival . 
  so you can see why in those circumstances few would want to go to india or pakistan , which both have ongoing insurgencies by the way . 
  to see it as for the welfare and nothing else is wildly simplistic . 
  you 're actually going to liken refugees to a nomadic ethnic group ? 
  they 're not doing it for the fun of it or as part of their culture 's traditions . 
  they 're doing it because their homes are no longer safe due to a war with no sign of conclusion .
