  it would be like having a little sibling . 
  it 's been called ireland , republic of ireland , southern ireland , irish free state , \u00c9ire , poblacht na h-\u00c9ireann , saorst\u00e1t \u00c9ireann , the irish republic , the south but who the hell calls it * `` southern eire '' * ? 
  you clearly know nothing about what you 're talking about . 
  i 'd say that scottish is a lot more similar to irish than manx is . 
  i can half understand it written down . 
  but manx looks like irish as written by the welsh . 
  i 'd give scottish a different colour though . 
  and why are there new islands in the irish sea ? 
  yes that 'd be pronounced as a ` j' in ulster . 
  i think it might be a thing specific to `` caol '' vowels . 
  any words i can think of with ` a ' , ` o ' or ` u ' have a 'd ' sound . 
  i love the original irish of surnames . 
  they 're so much more descriptive . 
  also here are some of the more well known surnames in their proper form . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's perhaps a dialect thing but diarmaid would be pronounced `` jeer-mid '' rather than `` deer-mid '' . 
  if you look at other irish words that start with `` dia '' they are all pronounced with a ` j' instead of a 'd ' . 
  concealed carry is legal here ? 
  link ? 
  and of all places in the uk you 'd think n.i. 
  would have the toughest gun laws . 
  were n't there some institutions in west germany that went almost unchanged after the war ? 
  from what i 've read there was at least some element of truth to the propaganda . 
  that 's why the built the antifascist protection rampart in berlin . 
   what baffles me with kouvelakis and his crew is that they think that austerity can be simply switched off with an exit from the euro and then all of our problems will magically disapear . 
  i honestly do n't know if he 's that naive . 
  which is something i 've never heard him say and i 've read quite a few of his articles since before the election . 
  they were quite clear about the extreme difficulties of an exit and wanted the syriza majority to be more realistic about the possibility so that they could help prepare the people for said difficulties rather than ignore the possibility until it 's too late and get hurled into the situation unprepared . 
  i 'm fully aware of that . 
  that 's why i did n't use them as examples of people who advocate exit . 
  though on the topic of that debate regarding what syriza was elected to do , leading left platform member , stathis kouvelakis , wrote an [ interesting article ] ( https://www.jacobinmag.com/2015/02/syriza-euro-austerity-troika/ ) on their response to arguments to accept the deal and stay in the eurozone . 
  though i 'm not sure how i feel on the issue . 
  i 'd be more inclined to give varoufakis more time . 
  things got very messy in that civil war . 
  a lot of mistakes were made . 
  i had n't looked into how georgia ended up in the ussr before but it is interesting . 
  this passage from the wiki particularly :  soviet military intervention was not universally agreed upon in moscow , and there was considerable disagreement among the bolshevik leaders on how to deal with their southern neighbor . 
  the people 's commissar of nationalities affairs , joseph stalin , who by the end of the civil war had gained a remarkable amount of bureaucratic power , took a particularly hard line with his native georgia . 
  [ 19 ] he strongly supported a military overthrow of the georgian government and continuously urged lenin to give his consent for an advance into georgia . 
  the people 's commissar of war , leon trotsky , strongly disagreed with what he described as a `` premature intervention '' , explaining that the population should be able to carry out the revolution . 
  pursuant to his national policy on the right of nations to self-determination , lenin had initially rejected use of force , calling for extreme caution in order to ensure that russian support would help but not dominate the georgian revolution ; [ 20 ] however , as victory in the civil war drew ever closer , moscow 's actions became less restrained . 
  is the salary or current residence of the author relevant to the article ? 
  they are of course a minority , the 2,246,064 syriza voters are also a minority of greeks . 
  but they ( not the syriza voters ) are examples of people who advocate leaving the eurozone who neither live nor work abroad and likely do n't have fantastic salaries either . 
  what about the syriza members who make up roughly 30 % of the party who also agree with the left platform regarding exiting the euro ? 
  what about the 377,000 or so voters for the kke and antarsya who also advocate exit ? 
  they 're not on that kind of salary . 
  is n't lapavitsas a member of parliament now ? 
  up north the term is spide . 
  out here it 's not really a big issue . 
  the only ones speaking up against it publicly are fringe groups that are quite obviously racist . 
  the largest instance of anti-immigrant sentient came from the north with a group planning a protest against `` refugee/terrorists '' coming to the uk . 
  those lads are pretty batshit . 
  if you 've heard of the flag protests here it 's the very same people . 
  but i think the main reason there 's not much opposition here is , aside from not many coming here in the first place , that we have such a history of emigration , fleeing war and famine , being illegal immigrants in other countries , being treated like uncivilised religious fanatics in those countries , and not integrating immediately either that we have a bit more sympathy for other peoples that have to go through it . 
  none of it is from a white guilt point of view . 
  my own view on what 's been happening is that we ca n't immediately open all the borders . 
  that 's just not feasible at the moment despite the fact i do n't like borders in the first place . 
  while the refugees are here now in europe something needs to be done about them and i do n't see sending them all home as a humane option . 
  they need to be brought in for now and distributed around europe in a planned manner that puts the least strain on countries that ca n't . 
  meanwhile something needs to be done about the rules for declaring asylum . 
  as far as i know the reason they do n't fly is the airlines reject them because of eu law stating if they are n't real refugees the airline pays to send them home . 
  so they take dangerous boat trips instead and make money for traffickers . 
  so fixing that to allow them to skip the dangerous journey and fly straight to their asylum of choice rather than walk through half of europe . 
  if a proper eu wide system is in place they might not get their country of choice but they 'll be safe . 
  once refugees and migrants are in the host country and you want integration the more effort put in by local communities the more they will integrate . 
  if left to their own devices groups of humans will stick to their own so a conscious effort to integrate them needs to happen . 
  things like giving them language and culture classes and getting their children involved in sports and activities with local children . 
  trying to do away with their culture will naturally lead to resistance from them so it needs to be a gentle understanding process of exchange and helping them to fit in rather than forced assimilation . 
  there 's some balance in there . 
  but a central pillar to actually dealing with the problems at hand here , and this is something i do n't see the anti-immigration lads talking about at all , is questioning and dealing with both the western interventions exacerbating conflict in the region and the economic system that allows global companies to exploit developing countries and exacerbate their poor economic circumstances . 
  we want to work towards a world in which people will not have to leave their countries except for those who holiday and the small minority of people who just want to live somewhere else . 
  because if the world was a more equal and conflict free place waves of migrants and refugees would not be a worry . 
  until this is dealt with everything else is just brushing our worlds problems under the rug and hoping it will just go away . 
  the problem there is expressing any form of political opinion on facebook . 
  it does n't matter what side people are on there everyone loses . 
  to say that criticism in general towards immigration policy is racist is ridiculous . 
  even the left criticises immigration policy . 
  i do n't think anyone does n't have criticisms . 
  what can happen and i 've seen it quite a bit from the more extreme critics of the policies is the criticism builds upon various assumptions which themselves are racist . 
  it is very much possible to criticise it without those kinds of assumptions though while at the same time not advocating an open the borders now solution . 
  one example that i quite like that comes to mind is [ zizek 's take on the issue . 
  ] ( http://www.lrb.co.uk/2015/09/09/slavoj-zizek/the-non-existence-of-norway ) unfortunately , at lot of people hold on to small assumptions that they do n't realise are somewhat racist and when they then voice an opinion they do n't see the racism underlying it and think themselves to be free of racism . 
  when someone tries to call it out they do n't react well to it . 
  these idiots going around on your facebook , on the other hand , seem to be forgetting themselves and thinking that traces of racism implies they are fully conscious racists . 
  it 's all a mess really . 
   on that note , i never called anyone racist who was n't just being blatantly racist . 
  i 'm on the hard left and i have n't called anyone on this site racist unless i had proof . 
  never called someone a nazi unless i could find them actually defending the nazis . 
  never called anyone a fascist unless i could find them actually supporting fascism . 
  realistically class war is just pushing back against the capitalist class through strikes and demonstrations . 
  middle class workers are usually a part of this if it gains traction . 
  some take part because they were middle class before the actions of the capitalist class destroyed the middle class as it was . 
  the first regime to be created by the `` class war bandwagon '' was described like this :  the commune was formed of the municipal councilors , chosen by universal suffrage in the various wards of the town , responsible , and revocable at short terms . 
  the majority of its members were naturally workers , or acknowledged representatives of the working class . 
  the commune was to be a working , not a parliamentary body , executive , and legislative at the same time . 
  it did unfortunately end in political assassinations and the mass killings of thousands of parisians . 
  class struggle is broadly defined as between workers and capitalists . 
  it 's about a persons relationship to the production of goods and services not where on the tax bracket they fall . 
  it 's not about the bottom 20 % fighting everyone else to take over . 
  it 's about the bottom 90 % or so standing up for themselves .
