  struggle between classes of people defined by relations to production being a major driving force in the world whether it is organised or not is pretty central to marx 's theories of capitalism . 
  of course not everything marx said fits perfectly two centuries later but this very very basic part of what he said is not one of those things . 
  so what you 're trying to say is that as governments legislate things and thus the state becomes involved in those things and as they do n't remove previous legislation you have a trend towards all things coming under the wing of the state ? 
  i do n't think that 's nuanced enough to say that it falls under fascism or is exactly what fascists would do . 
   very few political parties leave a room to anything outside ( not to mention against ) the state . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you mean by this if you could elaborate . 
   well , seems to describe the current attitudes of pretty much all states , does n't it . 
  fascism as an ideology lost . 
  fascism as practice thrives . 
  not quite . 
  i would n't go into the attitude of states themselves as that 's a complex topic . 
  but governments of the centre-left want to use the state and reign in the capitalist class to the benefit of the workers in the state whereas the centre-right will use the state to help the capitalists create more economic growth and will give less to the workers to keep them competitive and boost the growth . 
  the fascists see themselves as a third position between the two trying to bring it all to work for the good of the state under the command of the state and in the national interest rather than their own . 
  which is different to a centrist point of view that tries to just find a balance between the two with the same methods as the two . 
  they are all distinct rather than shades of each other . 
  i 'd see any attempt to view the others as watered down fascism as just a watering down of what fascism actually is . 
  the fascist stance on those is quite definitive . 
  how can you agree partially with `` everything in the state , nothing outside the state , nothing against the state '' ? 
  you agree with the fascist position or you do n't . 
  in the economic sense fascism has a lot to do with using the state to reign in the capitalist class to work in the interest of the state rather than their own profit while still holding onto their property . 
  meanwhile worker organisations are directed in the same direction to work with the capitalists for the good of the state and quit their rabble rousing . 
  it 's a fairly specific set-up and i would n't say a lot of parties would agree with it . 
  and even if they agreed with some aspect of it i would n't call it partially fascist . 
  it either is or is n't . 
  only if you want to dilute the term beyond all meaning . 
  although that happened long ago really . 
  people use fascist when they mean authoritarian , people use fascist when they mean nationalist , people use fascist when the mean militarist and then of course people use fascist when they mean `` i do n't like this '' . 
  [ everybody smile !, 
  a vegan member of shadow cabinet expressed a personal view that meat eating should be dealt with with a public awareness campaign . 
  corbyn did n't say it . 
  it 's not party policy . 
  it 's not about banning meat eating . 
  it 's not much different to trying to encourage people to eat healthier foods . 
  it 's probably not going to happen any time in the near future . 
  but somehow the labour party is turning fascist ? 
   that guy is a straight up self declared far left extremist `` far-left extremist '' here . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  i 've scanned through their profile a month back and there is nothing to suggest that . 
  they 're just another `` sweden is a socialist country '' liberal . 
  a sub that rustles reddit 's jimmies like nothing else . 
  edit : even acknowledging it rustles jimmies i see . 
  even for the old official communist parties the kke stands out for being pretty hardcore . 
  most of the rest went eurocommunist and prefer post-stalin ussr ( and opposed the invasion of czechoslovakia ) and cuba . 
  the weird thing is that they all still have old links and support one another so you get things like in ireland where the workers party wants to push achievable reforms but they 'll take up the kke 's hardline stance on greece no questions asked . 
  the cpusa does the same thing while campaigning for democrats in elections . 
  it 's weird . 
  and people actually take that argument seriously ? 
  sweden already has a fair number of syrians so i 'd imagine many of those who decided to head for europe and then want to move on to sweden have relatives or friends already there and want to meet up with them . 
  family and familiar people is a strong pull factor when it comes to moving to another country for whatever reason . 
  these people are n't going to get to return home any time soon so they 'll at least try to get some of their old life back . 
  it is still aid to a rebel group within a sovereign state . 
  if let 's say russia started giving the ira jeeps , radios and body armour i do n't think people would care if it was technically just non-lethal aid . 
  the uk actually wanted to supply arms but was n't allowed to do so because of the eu arms embargo which they lobbied against with france . 
  and just over a year into a four and a half year long war with no end in sight is fairly early in my eyes . 
  the borders themselves and the problems they generated could have been overcome . 
  they were n't the most serious problem in the middle east . 
  the other things i 've listed are far more relevant to the immediate mess in syria and the balance of forces there . 
  come on now the uk was involved in the drawing up of the borders in the levant after the ottoman collapse , was involved in the overthrow of mosaddegh in iran setting up events for the current regime , was involved in the invasion that destabilised iraq and the growth of al-qaeda in iraq , helped fund the syrian opposition in the early days of the civil war . 
  that 's left quite its mark on current events in syria . 
  more than an empire that ceased to exist over 90 years ago . 
  but the uk is definitely more involved in the current state of affairs than the ottomans . 
  [ the uk is n't solely to blame but it is n't 100 % clean either . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-19205204 ) you ca n't claim the uk has n't had a large role in the general instability of the middle east though . 
   you can not make the poor people rich by a law that makes the rich people poor . 
  poor and rich are relative terms . 
  if the wealth needed to be considered rich or poor was the same then everyone would be both rich and poor . 
   when someone is given a thing he or she did not work for , someone else had to work for it without receiving it . 
  so basically marxist exploitation theory ? 
   the state can not give you something that it didnt take previously from someone else . 
  so abolish the state and use mutual aid instead ? 
   when half of the people understand that there is no need to work because the other half will take care of them , and when the other half realize that it makes no sense to work because someone else will get what they worked for , this is the beginning of the end of a nation . 
  so what you 're saying is `` he who does not work , neither shall he eat '' ? 
   you can not multiply the wealth by dividing it . 
  we divide wealth as it is and it still gets multiplied ? 
   as a person from eastern europe , who went through the hell called `` socialism '' most of us on the left completely agree that what happened in eastern europe was a stalinist mess not to be repeated . 
  how things ended up the way they did needs to be studied and learned from . 
  but you do n't just throw everything out the window because of it . 
  at that rate capitalism has produced more than enough impoverished failures to warrant a similar throw everything out the window attitude that just is n't helpful for making a better society . 
  i came across another irish redditor who knew of a guy and two girls that joined the ypg/ypj . 
  all of them with no kurdish connections either . 
  it 's not that hard to make something look like nicholas either . 
  at least they got the corn right . 
  he might praise their sticking to ideals but he might not completely agree with their approach . 
  if konstantopoulou and varoufakis joined it would be a big deal though . 
  where is andropov and chernenko ? 
  but the corn ... 
  no one is disputing that . 
   the victims of the communist regime are estimated somewhere between 85m and 100m as has been said this is for all nominally communist regimes in the twentieth century . 
  it lists the ussr as 20m in that figure . 
  it also includes things like famine deaths which is controversial . 
  there was at least one irish guy back in the 30 's or so that worked with the soviets in spain perhaps and was executed for something after moving to the ussr . 
  the purges were not the best time to move to the ussr . 
  this comment chain was n't started by someone saying they were going to do well in elections or guaranteed to always beat golden dawn in them . 
  this all started because someone made the verifiable claim that now that this new party exists , golden dawn has moved from the third to the fourth largest party in the greek parliament and thus loses it 's right to be given the three day opportunity to form a government . 
  [ this has even been mentioned in a statement from one of this new party 's main english speaking commentators . 
  ] ( http://www.versobooks.com/blogs/2182-greece-popular-unity-is-born )  not because greece somehow suddenly turned hard left . 
  so after all this you think the balance of pro-euro to pro-drachma has been left completely untouched by the events of the last few months ? 
  the greek electorate has n't changed at all ? 
  syriza got the anti-troika pro-euro vote . 
  the events in greece have shaken many people 's faith in the euro not just in greece itself .
