it 's the kke . 
  they left the eul/ngl group in the european parliament because they could n't get along . 
  from what i 've seen from them they 're quite conservative for the left and they 're the largest and most active of the old `` official '' communist parties which all seem to have taken a pro-russian stance . 
  the divide on the left regarding ukraine is very similar to the divide over the ussr . 
  i doubt it would be worse than the troubles . 
  during the troubles the loyalists , despite how many they killed , were n't the most capable and relied a fair bit on collusion with security forces . 
  there also are n't really any international links or sponsors these days that would work with them like the ira had . 
  if it happened right now they 'd probably cause trouble and riots and quite possibly something like what they did in the past but i would n't imagine it being worse than the troubles . 
  if unification were to happen right now , if the new all ireland government had any sense they 'd invest a lot into making sure the unionist/loyalist population is kept employed and in good living conditions and give them a stake in society that they would lose if they kicked up a fuss . 
  people with something to lose do n't start insurgencies . 
  that 's quite poor . 
  were there any campaigns to boycott the polls by any influential groups on the pro-russian side ? 
  it seems a bit unusual that the pro-european parties got * that * much of a landslide . 
  anyone know what the turnout looks like ? 
  because the vast majority of the australian population are descendants of those who did the colonising . 
  the aboriginal peoples only make up 3 % of the population now . 
  [ i 'd imagine they 'd have a different opinion regarding the flag . 
  ] ( http://www.nma.gov.au/__data/assets/image/0019/225406/flag-burning_w480.jpg ), 
  if there was one in reasonable range of me i would n't hesitate before going . 
  i have half a mind for trying to organise something myself . 
  the problem is that the kurdish issue is n't as well known as the palestinian one . 
  at the same time the few people i know who are knowledgeable enough on the kurds are also very pro-palestinian . 
   while you liken capitalism to feudalism pretty sure they were n't doing that . 
  they were pointing out that the attitude that the current economic system is the be all and end all of economic systems is dominant under every economic system . 
  a bit like how people born into a religion believe their religion to be true and all others to be false but if they were born into one of the `` false '' religions they would likely think the same again . 
  hmm . 
  i misread the native speakers of the revived cornish as native speakers in the sense of irish , welsh and scottish native speakers . 
  there 's a few hundred who can speak the revived language according to the last census so the language is alive even if it is barely there . 
  it 's still more to go on than the galicians . 
   all of whom have completely different political leanings they all seem to lean a bit further left than england . 
  though i do n't know about brittany . 
   cornwall being celtic is just silly does n't make it not true . 
  it has a better claim than galicia . 
  there are still a few cornish speakers left . 
  very few . 
  but they 're still there . 
  it 'd say a lot of the antagonism between communism and religion stemmed from how organised religion helped to maintain the system communism sought to end despite capitalism being fairly out of tune with christian values . 
  i was just thinking about this the other day after reading [ this piece ] ( https://www.marxists.org/archive/connolly/1909/talks/shoptlks.htm ) by james connolly . 
  just ctrl + f religion to skip to the relevant section . 
  [ there have been reports of swedish far-right activists going to ukraine since maidan . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/02/28/the-swedish-neo-nazis-of-kiev.html ) i 'm not sure when putin started pushing the nazi propaganda but i think i remember these reports being before that happened on the scale we 've seen . 
  i would n't quite say that , mainly to avoid annoying arguments like you just got yourself into . 
  i 'd just classify him as a crap communist . 
  communism is n't an anti-fascist movement but rather fascism is an anti-communist movement . 
  also i 'm pretty sure / u/mdzx was talking about the different movements and organisations explicitly called antifa/anti-fascist action or similar . 
  a movement created for the sole purpose of combating fascism . 
  socialism \u2260 big government . 
  left \u2260 big government . 
  the world is a lot more complex than you seem to think . 
  socialism does not mean opposing individualism , for more there take a look at oscar wilde 's the [ soul of man under socialism ] ( https://www.marxists.org/reference/archive/wilde-oscar/soul-man/ ) . 
  as for freedom , [ the word `` libertarian '' was first used , in the political sense , by socialists . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_d%c3%a9jacque ) edit : grammar, 
  just because something is compatible with marxism does n't make it marxist . 
  liberals are not marxists everywhere but the economy as the reasoning behind their opinions is based in liberalism rather than marxism . 
  they may have reached similar conclusions in places but the way in which they arrived to those conclusions is important if you are going to label things with ideologies . 
  cultural marxism is a thing and is interesting to read about but the term is usually misused by far-right conspiracy theorists to describe a whole range of things from the homosexualist agenda to the jewish conspiracy and all that bullshit . 
  that 's why modern leftists criticise use of the term . 
  i remember some user in that place during the gezi protests urging turkish monarchists to create a party and use `` charisma and rhetoric '' to take advantage of the turmoil and create a new monarchy . 
  the people there live in a strange little bubble . 
  i could n't even tell you how many there are right now . 
  i stopped counting years ago . 
  i think in the past he 's made a few mistakes on the specifics of european politics . 
  it 's understandable really . 
  oh right , i 'm watching the whole thing and have n't gotten that far . 
  what figures does he give ? 
  yeah but psoe has been around since 1879 . 
  podemos has been around since january . 
  parties that are on the fringe rather in the mainstream and thus have media coverage would probably rely more on their website for getting their message out there . 
  similarly , supporters of fringe parties would likely use the party website to keep up with their take on current events or read up on some theory , usually in the case of more leftist parties . 
  do these websites have forums on them ? 
  because that 's probably it . 
  the local white supremacist group similarly brags about page views being higher than different leftist sites . 
  but this is because there is a forum on the website and the few sad people that frequent the place do so very regularly . 
  i know a guy who has to switch to irish if he 's doing multiplication in his head . 
  that 's some crazy momentum for a political party . 
  but why is he being brought up in the threads about this ? 
  did he have something to do with it ? 
  middle class refers to your general economic situation and , while working class is often used in the upper/middle/lower class system as a synonym for lower class , working class in terms of left wing politics is referring to those people who make their living from working for a wage/salary etc as opposed to those who live off the wealth generated from owning capital . 
  it includes the vast majority of the world 's population including much of the middle class . 
  most of the far left from what i can tell are not supporting putin . 
  some of the old communist parties might be supporting separatists and buy into the ukraine is fascist stuff ( often because of the information they get from the ukrainian communist party ) but other far left groups are not in support of putin and have close ties with groups organising anti-putin rallies and protests within russia . 
  their objective , i would say is to encourage both sides to stand back and let ukraine sort out its own issues and all they can do on that front is to tell their own side to stay out of it . 
  from our perspective in the eu this may come across as the far left supporting the other side when their sister organisations are doing the same thing on the other side . 
  i would n't call our lefties extremist unless they were involved in terrorism which does n't happen any more . 
  but anyway , internationalist is the word you 're looking for rather than pan-national . 
  some are a bit allied to nationalist causes some are n't . 
  it all depends on the group . 
  the further left they are the less likely they 'll tolerate nationalism or terrorism . 
  i am grateful , though , for the fact that our nationalism is left wing as opposed to right wing . 
  so when someone goes extremist in that sense they do not get neo-nazi and start beating up immigrants and jews . 
  you can tell what 's going on but if you see it spelt you 'd get very confused . 
  it 's probably more like norwegian and swedish or icelandic maybe . 
  southern ireland was a shortlived devolved region of the united kingdom during the war of independence . 
  it was at this time northern ireland was also created . 
  but it was more or less boycotted by people and replaced by the irish free state after the war . 
  though i doubt anyone ever means to refer to this . 
  just to add to this , gaelic is a family of languages that includes irish , scottish and manx gaelic . 
  gaelic is the q-celtic branch of languages as opposed to the p-celtic branch , brythonic , that welsh , cornish and breton belong to . 
  the vanguard party idea is a leninist thing . 
  not all communists are leninists .
