   on the other hand , the comintern supported a `` communist balkan federation '' of sorts this is fascinating . 
  i had never heard of this idea before . 
  i wonder how things would have panned out were it not for the split . 
  that 's an interesting factor to take into account . 
   terrorist acts like this the terrorist attacks seem quite similar to the narodniks in russia . 
  i suppose once the communist movement took off in the 20s you had all sorts joining up that would n't necessarily have joined the bolsheviks pre-1917 and they brought some of their old ideas with them to an extent . 
  going ahead with a plan like that without , as the comintern told them , organising for a mass uprising feels very much like a narodnik strategy . 
   i do not know if it was the same in romania or hungary . 
  not sure about romania but hungary did have a communist movement that attempted a short-lived republic as the austro-hungarian empire fell . 
  i believe the austrian scientist karl popper was involved with it in some way briefly before moving away from marxism altogether . 
  what became of that movement after their failure in 1919 though i do n't know . 
  how did the bulgarian occupation compare to the east german one do you know ? 
  would you say that the more extreme experience in bulgaria comes down to those put in charge of it , the role bulgaria played in the war or the view of bulgaria from moscow ? 
  what is it that differentiates bulgaria from hungary and romania ? 
  that would seem to explain it but hungary and romania were on the axis side too were n't they ? 
  anyone know what on earth happened in bulgaria ? 
  god damn polite refugees . 
  europe is doomed now . 
  it 's a tricky one sure . 
  part of the problem is who is doing the meddling . 
  that we can change to an extent . 
  and also has been very vocal on all the issues that directly led to this crisis like invading iraq , meddling in syria , meddling in libya , humouring turkey 's bullshit , humouring saudi bullshit , further exploitation of africa , climate change that leads to extreme droughts in already dry countries . 
  i do n't want refugees or economic migrants to exist in the first place . 
   they say `` hej '' and smile in the staircase , which is weird , because swedes do n't do that . 
  not doing that seems like the weird bit here . 
  pretty sure 0/10 babies born are muslims . 
  you ca n't read the quar ` an in the womb . 
  christianity reformed because it was centralised and branches split off that . 
  islam is a different set up and can exactly reform in the same way . 
  there are already plenty of different branches out there and people seem to move between them quite fluidly . 
  really what we need to hope for is for the muslim communities to become muslim in the same sense many irish people are catholic . 
  in terms of what we can do to help that happen we need to look at what is it about the circumstances people live in that pushes them into the arms of religion and especially more fundamentalist branches . 
  and on top of thay scrutinise the influence of saudis and qataris in funding the literature that radicalises people . 
  i am also fairly sick of seeing threads about merkel doing something and seeing comments along the lines of `` fucking leftists '' . 
   `` people are n't going to change their views simply because we are constantly telling them that basically they should be like us . '' i would say that people often resist changing to spite those who tell them to . 
  if they 're going to change it will come from within and not because we told them to . 
   extreme leftist anyone still in syriza at this stage is far from an `` extreme leftist '' . 
  a hissy fit at government level over something everyone and their dog knew is nothing like returning to the troubles . 
  we unlock the next province once we get the unity achievement . 
   antifa often attacks the police , neo-nazis rarely do . 
  antifa does not see the state and police as an ally and often see them as a barrier to them disrupting nazis from organising . 
  neo-nazis tend to respect the police more and there is an observable phenomenon of police forces all across europe being sympathetic to the far-right . 
  they have certain authoritarian values in common . 
  in greece a large amount of golden dawn support comes from the police themselves . 
  what places in syria are suitable for taking in refugees on top of the internal refugees they already have ? 
   to settle in safe places in syria what daft eejit ever thought that was a real solution ? 
  just start planting arabs in rojava ? 
  hand them over to assad ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_afghanistan_ ( 2015 -- present ), 
  til merkel is left wing . 
  source ? 
  i ca n't find much on him other than the hope not hate website and far right blogs calling him anti-english . 
  [ right mate . 
  in 2002 they got 11 % in the first round of legislative elections and 17 % in the presidential elections . 
  they have a history of ups and downs . 
  so much crying about how democracy does n't work and they never liked it anyway . 
   as a leftist and posts in/r/darkenlightenment . 
  i did n't say it was the main factor but it has been noted as a factor to some degree . 
  27.73 % of votes with a 50 % turnout . 
  that 's about 6m votes out of a pool of 45m registered voters . 
  from what i 've read so far part of their defeat has come from a rise in turnout . 
   same almost everywhere [ not exactly . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/ukip/11539388/mapped-where-is-ukips-support-strongest-where-there-are-no-immigrants.html ), 
  [ these lads showed up to it . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kqrfbhx.jpg ) and one of the few people to show up to the protest is a former terrorist who was convicted of beating another man to death simply for being catholic . 
  they can fuck right out of belfast . 
   mass resettlement of highly religious middle easterners into an incompatible liberal culture mass resettlement ? 
  under the current plan by the end of the decade the syrian population of northern ireland will be little bigger than the portuguese population here that i only just discovered we even had while looking for figures . 
  and liberal culture ? 
  in northern ireland ? 
  lol mate . 
   it europe 1000 years to achieve secularity there are still blasphemy laws here . 
  half our government ministers are young earth creationists . 
  one of the ruling parties is almost completely dominated by members of a small fundamentalist presbyterian church . 
  so maybe someone else needs to open their own damn eyes and use their fucking brain before calling people who live there dogmatic fools . 
  the 18th of brumaire was a few weeks ago so we 're safe . 
  people fly the irish flag upside down all the time here . 
  seeing the union jack everywhere while on holidays over in london was weird . 
  first thoughts were always `` fuck this area must be dodgy '' . 
  the road to buckingham palace reminded me of loyalist housing estates . 
  it 's a weird contrast . 
  the kurds do n't have mixed gender units either . 
  their militias are divided between the male ypg and female ypj so they keep them separate but use them in the same operations . 
  i assume those were naxalites ? 
  they generally seem pretty poorly trained and armed . 
  with proper training and weapons it does n't matter a whole lot what gender is pulling the trigger . 
  the ypj have proven themselves capable enough out in syria . 
  they treated their western fighters like princes from what i 've heard . 
  i suppose it 's a propaganda coup for them and they want their foreign fighters to have good stories to tell to those thinking of joining . 
  the pkk does send fighters to iraq and syria too but she may have wanted to fight in turkey in which case it 's fair enough she was arrested for it, 
  things would have worked a little differently for her but that 's how things generally work with the non-kurdish volunteers . 
  i remember an ama with a pkk fighter on / r/syriancivilwar and i think they said that the foreign fighters were often just kept out of the way if they were n't specifically useful . 
  usually people with no specific skills other than some military training and no languages but english . 
  europeans with a few languages and a good ear for picking up kurdish or arabic were more helpful and often the europeans that came were left-wingers like the ypg and so fit in very quickly . 
  german is a particularly useful language out there too . 
  i 've seen a video of a german volunteer medic working with the kurds in german . 
  she really should have joined the ypg if she wanted to fight in syria . 
  even if it was the pkk she really wanted she could have gone out there and talked to people who know what the story was and if she changed her mind could still come home easier . 
  having women on the front lines also comes with some interesting side effects . 
  i 've seen it said a few times by ypg and pkk fighters that the men do n't even think of touching civilian women in liberated towns and villages because before you know it there 's a woman pointing an ak right in your face .
