  this party will be trying to appeal to those anti-troika pro-euro syriza voters who have changed their minds on the euro in response to events . 
  they could well compete with the kke for disillusioned kke supporters but their sights are mainly aimed at those disillusioned with syriza who took part in the oxi campaign . 
   you 're failing to account for the fact that they did n't run in the election as an independent party ( people voted for syriza , not one of its extremists offshoots ) , and that syriza managed to fill 149 seats by benefiting from greece 's `` the winner gets 50-extra unelected seats '' rule . 
  i 'm not talking about what they will get in an election . 
  i 'm talking about what they have * right now * . 
  they have 25 seats in parliament . 
  that makes them the third biggest in parliament . 
  that means once new democracy fail to form a government the opportunity will be passed on to them instead of golden dawn with their 17 seats . 
   they are disputing the far-left anti-troika pro-drachma vote . 
  that is kke 's electorate . 
  they will be trying to get those who voted for syriza in january and were pro-euro but now have changed their minds since the negotiations . 
  they are aimed at those who voted oxi and did not want to see capitulation . 
  the kke 's electorate spoilt their ballots in that referendum . 
  no , they are currently the third party in parliament with 25 seats . 
  the procedure after a government resigns in greece is the next biggest party has a mandate to form a government for three days before it gets passed onto the third for three days and in failing that elections are called . 
  before the creation of this party golden dawn was set to have three days to form a government . 
  now popular unity will be given it . 
  they wo n't be competing much with the kke . 
  the kke panders to its own crowd and stays at a steady ~ 6 % . 
  they do n't gain support but hold on to what they have . 
  this new party will be mainly competing for the syriza vote as there are still many grassroots supporters and members of syriza who are not happy with this new deal . 
  it is all an albanian plot . 
  the persians are trying to conquer the middle east right now not europe . 
  truly he was the greatest of slavs . 
  this is only a front for their real intentions , the annexing of greek macedonia . 
  varoufakis has voted similarly to the left platform since the deal but he has never been a part of it as far as i know . 
  there is another layer of dissent within the part called something like the group of 53 or something . 
  if there was a split of any of these and they nabbed varoufakis it would be a boost to them . 
  i do n't know if they 'd want to abandon the party though . 
  internally they can try to keep it on track while building it 's hegemony . 
  outside the party they become another opposition party trying to compete with the rest . 
  my own guess is they 'll try to grow their influence in the party and build social movements outside of the party but stop short of splitting unless they get expelled or something . 
  yes you can . 
  hoxhaism is the most stalinist you can go . 
  stalinist is n't the most left you can go . 
  left communism would be and they are too left for vanguard parties , trade unions , electoralism or states . 
  historians tend not to see it as genocide but rather massive negligence and too much faith in laissez fairer policies and property rights as well as a lack of empathy for the people suffering . 
  this latest trend of famine as a genocide seems to have been mainly championed by tim pat coogan who is n't an actual historian . 
  i know it feels nice to think they did it and put the blame on them but i do n't think it is historically accurate . 
  sure even the great emancipator , daniel o'connell supported the status quo throughout the famine . 
  it 's too simple a narrative and even with the more nuanced non-genocide one there is plenty to blame the british for . 
  i do n't recall restrictions to freedom of speech being a major grievance during through troubles other than the ban on people affiliated with terrorists getting media airtime . 
  and even then it was n't a huge deal . 
  restrictions on voting , housing and employment were much larger grievances during the troubles . 
  hold on . 
  who is bringing up the allegations of treason against varoufakis ? 
  i do n't see where the inner-party conflict comes into this ? 
  the left of the party would not at all consider it treason for varoufakis to prepare a plan b. 
  and tsipras defending him over it makes it look like the party in general is fairly behind varoufakis ' actions . 
  nor do i see syriza shedding it 's left considering their rebellion against the new deal was n't exactly unpopular with the syriza grassroots . 
  it would be bad for them to get rid of internal dissent or spit on their activist base for the sake of getting some to potami voters . 
   one of them is a minor celebrity-elected-mayor . 
  what party ? 
  are the allegations of treason coming from the syriza right or the opposition ? 
  they got 13 % just three years ago . 
  yes but since the nazis these symbols have been used predominantly by neo-nazis in a political context . 
  when far-right ultranationalists use the same symbols as the nazi party you know damn well it 's because of the nazi usage or at least for the same reason the nazis used it . 
  with the russian flag though it was the flag of russia before the october revolution . 
  it was the flag of the tsardom for over a hundred years , then the flag of the empire for another two hundred then the flag of the russian republic from the february revolution to the october revolution . 
  it 's use by nazi collaborators for around one year does not give it the connotations built up over three hundred years . 
  it was the natural flag to revert to when the ussr fell . 
  do you mean the actual russian flag ? 
  because that thing pre-dates the russian liberation army by centuries . 
  it was the flag of the tsardom and empire . 
  do n't think having a strong disdain for ukraine 's `` patriots '' is me leaving putin and his nationalists off the hook . 
  nationalism of any sort is a disease on the brain . 
  but what 's this nazi banner you 're talking about ? 
  it 's quite annoying . 
  i love mythology and pre-christian history but when i keep seeing some of it appropriated by nazis and neo-fascists it feels dirty . 
  and they bastardise it so badly too when they get their hands on it . 
  i even saw some english neo-nazis showing disdain for non-whites getting involved in some historical re-enactment recently . 
  [ reminded me of this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pilvaz-jczg ), 
   no it means ` idea of the nation ' , it 's not nazi . 
  sure ... why would a totally innocent ukrainian nationalist organisation use an initialism of an english phrase and style it in such a way as to be a [ mirror image of the 2nd ss panzer division 's emblem ? 
  ] ( http://40.media.tumblr.com/6c16e38703f1e6d5e912131a3843fa16/tumblr_mfoyo92tfd1s1xejbo1_1280.jpg ) and why would the totally-not-nazi-simply-patriotic azov battalion use it on [ their emblem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:emblem_of_the_azov_battalion.svg ) only this time superimposed on a [ black sun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_sun_ ( occult_symbol \\ ) ) ? 
  they 'll be calling swastikas `` windmills of friendship '' next . 
  croatia has the greediest coastline i 've ever seen . 
  jesus guys let bosnia have something . 
  our former taoiseach ( prime minister ) who presided over our economic collapse is now on the board of directors of a company owned by the richest man in * ireland . 
  * for tax reasons he does n't technically live here . 
  fun pedantic fact time !, 
  [ begging the question is to do with circular reasoning !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/begging_the_question ) what we often mean to say is `` this raises the question '' . 
  there 's more statues on the bridge including some red army stuff . 
  i can understand the dislike for that but the other statues looked quite nice . 
  statues to the nameless millions who built europe with their hands are always welcome in my opinion . 
  i would liked to have seen spain , portugal , italy and ireland in there . 
  it has nothing to do with the budget but it is one of the other things they are trying to get done in the background of all these negotiations . 
  if it were part of the negotiations they would n't have been allowed to happen based on the creditors ' attitudes to unilateral actions . 
  they are working on a draft bill for civil partnerships for same sex couples currently . 
  i 'd imagine there are a bunch of other things in the pipeline that are stalled by negotiations . 
  it has only been five months to be fair and i think it was varoufakis that said both that they have been too busy to do a lot of the things they could have gone ahead with themselves and that also a lot of the measures they include as part of their proposals that would not affect the budget have been off limits as the creditors told them they would be considered unilateral actions and thus were forbidden . 
  just gaeilge on its own ? 
  there are about four different dialects of it . 
  where are they ? 
  it looks like a lot but you do n't get any indication of the size of each . 
  by far the largest of those groups was synaspism\u00f3s which is mentioned as being eurocommunist . 
  the eurocommunist movement is generally those parties that split from `` official '' communist parties after the suppression of the prague spring . 
  they are far from stalinists .
