  they 're no more extremists than the rest of the party either . 
  they just do n't think their anti-austerity project can be done within the framework of the euro . 
  they 're not calling for revolution now like syriza 's tiny communist platform , the kke or antarsya . 
  i think in a way it helps us focus the crimes committed onto nazism and not the german people making it easier to get along with them in the aftermath . 
  it also highlights the significance of the nazi ideology in much of the crimes . 
  the young germans fighting in the army during the war had been seeped in that ideology since the early thirties and it certainly had an effect on them regardless of whether they were in the ss or wermacht . 
  the syriza faction advocating controlled exit mentions devaluation and capital controls . 
  they are also quite aware of the short term hardships of it too but they think ultimately it will pick up and the short term hardship will be worth it . 
  there 's also interesting talk of closer involvement of the people in how it is organised . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.jacobinmag.com/2015/03/lapavitsas-varoufakis-grexit-syriza/ ) is a longer interview with lapavitsas on the current phase of the greek crisis and their proposed way forward . 
  it is geared towards those already on the radical left but there should be plenty in there for others . 
  how hard is it for journalists to do a little journalism with greece ? 
  the left platform is n't just `` ready '' it has been advocating this from the beginning . 
  and lapavitsas is not the leader of the left platform . 
  the minister of productive reconstruction , environment and energy , panagiotis lafazanis , is the left platform leader . 
  it should also be noted if it is n't said in the interview that the left platform knows there is n't a mandate for leaving the euro and want there to be a public debate about it or something to get the backing of the greek people before doing so . 
  they argue for it but they will not force it on the people themselves . 
  people always go for the most emotionally charged term rather than the most accurate one . 
  it 's a bit annoying that rather than actually analyse putin 's russia people would rather play `` gotcha '' with labels . 
  writer was probably using google translate in their research . 
  and i would n't put it past the irish independent to have never heard of podemos . 
  they are n't the type to follow the fortunes of left wing parties . 
  technically the 32csm , \u00c9ir\u00edg\u00ed , irsp , sinn f\u00e9in , workers party , republican sinn f\u00e9in , republican network for unity and pretty much any other republican group you can think of have a socialist republic as their ambition . 
  though what they mean by socialist varies . 
  personally the only one 's i see as seriously aiming for a socialist republic would be the workers party , \u00c9ir\u00edg\u00ed and the irsp . 
  the others are all more focused on the united ireland/brits out part . 
  though \u00c9ir\u00edg\u00ed is fairly brits out too . 
  the left wing kurds that you 're used to hearing have been trying to address these kinds of issues for a while now in their communities . 
  they say they 're making some progress but i do n't know how much . 
  i know the comment is old but the inla 's political wing is the irsp . 
  \u00c9ir\u00edg\u00ed is a left wing split off sinn f\u00e9in . 
  in ireland you 've got the more mainstream trotskyist far-left of the socialist party and socialist workers party both of which are in alliances called the anti-austerity alliance and people before profit respectively . 
  i would consider the swp to be somewhat more to the left than the sp based on attitudes to electoral politics and such . 
  on our stalinist left we have the workers party and communist party with the wp channelling the kke a bit lately and the cp being quiet as usual . 
  our anarchists are small and centred around the workers solidarity movement . 
  among our republican socialists i 'd say \u00c9ir\u00edg\u00ed is the most left wing of those . 
  i 'm sure there 's a member of one of the left communist international parties about here somewhere who would probably win the award for most far-left . 
  overall we have a fair few groups but nothing as militant as some parts of europe . 
  we 've had some of the biggest sustained mobilisations in the country 's history and yet the worst that happened is some guy threw a single brick and some people caused a national scandal by sitting in front of a minister 's car for a few hours . 
  pretty tame stuff . 
  there was a regular user on / r/socialism who also ran for tusc to boost numbers and did n't canvass at all but still got 60 votes . 
  holy shit it * actually is * a star wars logo ? 
  weird handbook . 
  they seem to treat the pflp and pflp-gc as the same thing when they split in 68 ' and are quite different . 
  the abu ali mustapha brigades are also only connected to the pflp . 
  and they are described as mainstream islamist , what is that about ? 
  then more locally the ireland section is just weird . 
  i just says ira . 
  i mean like there 's the pira , oira , cira , rira , inla , iplo , onh and that 's just the republican side . 
  no mention of the uda , uvf , uff , rhc , lvf on the loyalist side , not even under united kingdom . 
  then they have sinn f\u00e9in 's old logo . 
  wtf ? 
  they are n't a terrorist group and the pira is no more . 
  they 're in government in northern ireland for god 's sake . 
  what half-assed moron made this handbook ? 
  edit : and what 's with what seems to be the empire logo under the ireland section ? 
  i 've never seen that in relation to northern ireland . 
  i find politics interesting but i 've never been so bored by an election . 
  it all feels so dead and pointless watching it . 
  trying to stop immigration is only dealing with the symptoms of deeper problems in africa and the middle east which the west has a hand in . 
  i think crimea would n't go back to ukraine even if it could . 
  ukrainian nationalism puts me off just as much as russian nationalism or any other kind of nationalism . 
  ukrainians on reddit seem too quick to try to clear their far-right of any links to nazism and fascism as if there is no middle ground between simple peace loving pro-eu nationalists and neo-nazi junta running ukraine . 
  the left is not unanimously pro-russian and even many of those who are called `` pro-russian '' it 's not nearly as simple as `` russia good eu bad '' even they do n't like putin . 
  horseshoe theory is not good political philosophy . 
  europe needs to become more radically democratic or it 's going to fall apart . 
  in terms of numbers perhaps but over a longer time period with a much larger population . 
  the upper bound on those numbers are also becoming less reliable now that we 've moved away from the politics and propaganda of the cold war . 
  nothing has ever come close to the industrial scale murder of ethnic groups under nazism though . 
   well the azov guys said that it 's called `` idea of a nation '' and should n't be related to the wolfsangel . 
  that 's about as bullshit as british fascists pretending their nazi salutes are a `` red hand of ulster '' salute . 
  syriza mp costas lapavitsas on this red-brown nonsense :  contrary to what was said in the international press at the time , this is not a `` red-brown alliance . '' this was completely incorrect as a reading of the situation . 
   anel are not a soft version of golden dawn . 
  they 're not soft fascists . 
  that 's just nonsense . 
  anel are basically what we call the popular right in greece , which is traditionally statist , skeptical of big business , and nationalistic and conservative with a small `` c. ''  they 're not natural bedfellows of a government of the radical left , obviously . 
  however , in the circumstances , the choice was clear . 
  either you do n't form a government at all -- and you have new elections and chaos and so on -- or you form a government with these people who at least have been consistently against the bailout agreement and in favor of working people and small and medium enterprises and so on . 
    so you dismiss the argument that said a minority government was possible ? 
   that 's just nonsense . 
  in the circumstances , nothing else was feasible . 
  the real blame lies with the communist party ( kke ) , of course . 
  which , once again , has not measured up to the demands of history , and has chosen a line of complete opposition and complete hostility to syriza and what it stands for , and therefore it forced syriza to make this government with anel . 
  if the greek government was made up of a coalition of golden dawn and the kke then you might have had a point . 
  but they did n't . 
  it 's political correctness gone mad !, 
  i think it 's understandable that he would n't be able to remember a simple hand gesture you made in a single hour long talk two years ago . 
  memories are n't very reliable . 
  i 'd say he though it was doctored initially because the short out of context clip they showed him was evoking a sentiment that he himself did n't agree with and not remembering the incident itself he could n't remember the context that would make sense of it . 
  thus he must have thought it was doctored in some way as he would never have said that in the way they presented it to him . 
  then when he saw the fake-fake believing it was just a fake his instinct that it was n't something he 'd actually do seemed true and because memories are a bit weird he believes it never actually happened . 
  i can imagine it 'd be fairly confusing if it happened to you or me . 
  anglo-irish relations were not what they are today . 
  and even today if britain were to invade ireland to stop a rival power doing the same i would expect violence . 
  it was part of the government 's plan at the time to invite a german invasion were the british to invade from the north . 
  we were neutral in ww2 . 
  we did n't care much for the germans but we did n't like the british much either . 
  [ you should take a listen to de valera 's speech in response to comments churchill made in his victory speech . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbgppg8po8u ) it gives you a feel for way the government saw the british . 
  the best part is around 1:10 .
