  their usefulness as a deterrent is seen as unquestionable common sense by a lot here but it is debated . 
  the americans would also hardly let russia push a nukeless uk around . 
  but more importantly they 're super expensive when the uk government is imposing austerity . 
  there 's always money to be found for war . 
  then there 's a few ever hopeful libdems . 
  there is always someone because the left is n't homogeneous and the definitions of all these words have been scattered by a combination of liberals wanting to appropriate words , social democrats wanting to hold on to their old words , pro-stalinists wanting to legitimise their regimes , anti-stalinists wanting to hold onto original meaning . 
  of those four examples the first was most clearly a far-left government and an attempt at socialism . 
  depending on opinions the point at which socialism is abandoned changes . 
  the civil war did some serious damage to it at any rate . 
  the three examples after that point come once stalin was in control . 
  this lead to many copying the same flawed system . 
  if you have broken code and you copy and paste it to a second computer and try to run it is that evidence that the concept of the program could never work or is it that just evidence that this particular iteration of the code is indeed broken and should be debugged ? 
  the cambodia example is weird in that really it was an anti-imperalist ultranationalist movement that got hold of weapons by making the right friends and then got their chance through the stupidity of the ruling king . 
  nothing they did makes any sense in terms of marxist theory and the khmer rouge grew so quickly that many did n't even realise they were in a nominally communist organisation . 
  in the end it was a vietnamese intervention that took down pol pot and installed heng samrin who is still a popular figure in cambodia . 
  north korea is a nothing weird case of copying and pasting a broken system along with a bunch of weird korean nationalist ideas . 
  it 's weird shit but shit went weirder when they were left to fend for themselves . 
  cuba managed to come out relatively sane from that period but the norks just lost it . 
  as a counterpoint thought to the need for brutal dictatorship we have an example right now of a far left government in syrian kurdistan with a population of a few million that is ruling in quite a libertarian manner as well as liberating people from oppressive isis rule . 
  the world is a complex place . 
  there is no evidence that lenin ever said that . 
  it 's a made up quote for people who love to suggest that people on the left have no real agency and are all pawns to whatever the existential threat of the month is . 
  you know absolutely nothing about tension if you think it ca n't get a hell of a lot worse . 
  honestly the way thing are going reminds me far too much of the very early days of the troubles in northern ireland and attitudes like your one are not thing kind that made things better then . 
  terrorists win i guess . 
   i do n't know if it will work it wo n't work . 
  i know if it were me on the receiving end i would only be more stubborn about my beliefs . 
  the targets of this law are n't going to look at this and say `` ah shite i liked going to the beach i guess i 'll rethink my beliefs '' . 
  they 're going to think `` fuck you '' . 
   forced relocations sounds like a fancy way of saying `` ethnic cleansing '' to me . 
  how do you know annoying people that refuse to integrate will help anything ? 
  no iirc he did plagiarise the unabomber only he did a word replace for a few things so it was about cultural marxism instead of technology but otherwise those paragraphs are word for word plagiarised . 
  did india vote leave or remain ? 
  the brits have a habit of calling us by the names of defunct political entities from the pre-independence days . 
  bbc says `` irish republic '' all the time when technically that was the state declared in 1916 and 1919 that was never recognised or realised . 
  but aside from all that , `` internal border '' ? 
  it 's an external border for them . 
  the inside job theory wo n't come true just because enough redditors will it to be . 
  there 's no evidence other than people 's gut feeling and a general inability to think of other plausible reasons for the failure for more than five seconds . 
  then everyone starts talking about the reichstag fire which was n't even an inside job . 
  i 'm pretty sure popper and lakatos both considered the marxism of marx to have fulfilled the requirements of falsifiability with lakatos being a little more forgiving than popper . 
  it 's when the original predictions become refuted that people start trying to rectify the theory in various ways and it begins to lose its falsifiability and stray into what popper classes as pseudoscience . 
  there 's interesting discussion of it in [ this r/askphilosophy thread . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/2f2wc4/confused_why_popper_said_that_marxs_theory_of/ ), 
   `` the terrorists want us to start treating muslims badly so more will radicalize . '', 
  might make sense if the terrorists themselves did n't openly disagree with it . 
  except this is what the likes of isis explicitly say in their journal dabiq  while isis initially endorsed the killings on purely religious grounds , calling the murdered cartoonists blasphemers , in dabiq the group offered another , more chilling rationale for its support . 
   the attack had `` further [ brought ] division to the world , '' the group said , boasting that it had polarized society and `` eliminated the grayzone , '' representing coexistence between religious groups . 
  as a result , it said , muslims living in the west would soon no longer be welcome in their own societies . 
  treated with increasing suspicion , distrust and hostility by their fellow citizens as a result of the deadly shooting , western muslims would soon be forced to `` either apostatize ... or they [ migrate ] to the islamic state , and thereby escape persecution from the crusader governments and citizens , '' the group stated , while threatening of more attacks to come . 
  [ source ] ( https://theintercept.com/2015/11/17/islamic-states-goal-eliminating-the-grayzone-of-coexistence-between-muslims-and-the-west/ ) this is on top of a strategy of pushing western resources to their limits :  there is a playbook , a manifesto : the management of savagery/chaos , a tract written more than a decade ago under the name abu bakr naji , for the mesopotamian wing of al-qaida that would become isis . 
  think of the horror of paris and then consider these , its principal axioms . 
   hit soft targets . 
  `` diversify and widen the vexation strikes against the crusader-zionist enemy in every place in the islamic world , and even outside of it if possible , so as to disperse the efforts of the alliance of the enemy and thus drain it to the greatest extent possible . ''  strike when potential victims have their guard down . 
  sow fear in general populations , damage economies . 
  `` if a tourist resort that the crusaders patronise ... is hit , all of the tourist resorts in all of the states of the world will have to be secured by the work of additional forces , which are double the ordinary amount , and a huge increase in spending . '' [ source ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/nov/15/terrorists-isis ) the second author who has interviewed many former and imprisoned jihadists tells an interesting anecdote of one of them who resolved to try to bomb an embassy in paris after seeing a man call his wife a `` dirty arab '' in the streets . 
  when pointed out that racism has always existed so why the phenomena of terrorism now the man replied that it was different because now the jihad existed . 
  so you can see how ill treatment of muslims that exists in society can push people over the edge because the outlet of lashing back through terrorism exists and the terrorists themselves know it better than anyone . 
  so what you 're telling me is melenchon could be at 24 % ? 
  that does n't justify murder . 
  northern ireland deals with riots every now and then . 
  the trick the police finds work the best with these kinds of scenarios is sit there and let them get it out of their system in a controlled manner until they tire out . 
  meanwhile have a camera set up to keep tabs on people . 
  go see trouble makers later once things have calmed down . 
  going rambo cop into the situation escalates things in a very dangerous way . 
  christ that 's how you start a war with your own people . 
  wanting the police to escalate is nothing more than an emotional reaction . 
  there are those who use cultural marxism to vaguely describe something they 've noticed which may or may not be true and there are those who use it to describe this batshit conspiracy which is pretty much the cultural-bolshevism theory of the nazis repackaged for a modern era . 
  the problem with the first is the use of the term marxism only works if you know absolutely nothing about marxism beyond what a randomer on the street knows . 
  i used to think the phrase was clever years ago and thought it described something accurately but i 've since read marx and come to understand marxism properly and now it makes no sense at all . 
  that 's also why the term gets a lot of kickback on the internet from people more familiar with marxism too . 
  you could argue that it 's ok for people to use the term if it makes sense to them but it legitimises the conspiracy theory lads who try to take people down the rabbit hole of how soros paid the frankfurt school to destroy the west and trotsky invented racism to shut up white people . 
  it 's reductionist at best and maliciously inaccurate at worst . 
  it starts off as feminism = non-economic equality and marxism is about equality taken to an extreme so it 's like cultural marxism and then people find themselves humouring the concept that white genocide is a real thing . 
   according to them , he was criticising the obession with the shoah , saying that german history was over 1000 years and the contemporary german sociey was basically engaged in nonstop self-criticism over a dark period which lasted 14 years . 
  those 14 years were terrible , but they were still 14 years out of 1000 years . 
  fairly bullshit argument though . 
  it was industrialised genocide on an unprecedented scale and it happened in living memory . 
  the conditions that led to it could well fall into place again and thus self criticism is needed . 
  you ca n't just wash that away with an appeal to 1000 years of people existing in the same geographic area . 
   like they can only be ` one-upped ' by islamists who take that rhetoric a step further . 
  edgier neo-nazis like nation action in the uk which is now a proscribed terrorist organisation have been using terms like `` white jihad '' for a while and at least one member has been convicted after trying to hack a sikh man to death in the street . 
  i remember seeing national action supporters on r/european when it was still a thing too . 
   today , it does n't matter where you stand towards islam , muslims , the west etc. 
  if you are at the wrong spot you get blown up , no matter your opinion . 
  in the past , you were at risk if you were a member of the government or outspoken against terrorists . 
  that 's really not how it worked in the past or even with non-islamist terrorism . 
  despite being in favour of a united ireland i was still put in immediate danger by dissident republicans when they placed an ied outside a popular pub that was on my walk to get a bus . 
  the device was spotted and the road closed off for the bomb squad just a few minutes after i had been through . 
  similarly , in my home town the uvf blew up a pub killing people indiscriminately for little reason other than they were from the other community . 
  if you look at statistics for the troubles you see that loyalist paramilitaries targeted and killed over 800 civilians based solely on perceived ethnic background rather than opinion . 
  even the ira that fit closer to the model you are describing killed hundreds of civilians through reckless bombings and collateral killings . 
  there was no noble terrorism of the past where only people who took sides would be affected . 
  there has n't been a shift in terrorism itself from more `` civilised '' terrorism of government targets and political opponents to barbaric indiscriminate killing of the other . 
  what has changed is the goals of terrorism as a strategy used by terrorist groups today . 
  the likes of national liberation groups could put pressure on governments to grant autonomy or independence , fight back against military occupation , political groups could assassinate opponents etc. 
  for the likes of al-qaeda and isis the political goals are quite different and thus their strategy of terrorism is different to achieve this . 
  both isis and the al-qaeda attacks during the war on terror loosely follow the strategy laid out in the book * management of savagery * . 
  their goals in europe are mainly to provoke a war between muslims and `` crusaders '' as they tend to call them so that people will have to chose sides and thus sunni muslims will have to side with them in a clash of civilisations . 
  they need the other side to lash out at muslims both at home and abroad causing further radicalisation and they 've found the best way to do that is to kill indiscriminately and anger western people and politicians into reacting .
