  i assume it is number 5 they would have lost it under ? 
  number 4 could be argued for but not sure if it applies to an unrecognised state . 
  [ a normal day in belfast . 
  [ well i guess that explains these figures . 
  eh aside from that one look they do n't have much going for themselves artistically . 
  nazi art was pretty shit and they cracked down on all the good art seeing it as jewish or communist . 
  meanwhile the soviets despite government interference still managed to produce a good deal of good innovative stuff with movements like constructivism and film-makers like eisenstein . 
  i was n't going to do down the ira road but if you want to go down the ira road then fine . 
  members of the ira did not recognise the british state or the irish state and sought the end of both . 
  they did not see themselves as british citizens but all throughout the conflict were treated as such and were classed as criminals when being imprisoned . 
  any cases of terrorists in the troubles killed without trial and outside of self defence have been deemed unlawful killings since and have tarnished the reputation of british security forces . 
  they did not just fight their enemy . 
  they killed many many people for getting in their way or disagreeing with them . 
  they once killed two australian tourists in the netherlands mistaking them for british soldiers as well as at least one german civilian in west germany . 
  so it was not just confined to ireland and britain . 
  when you start going down the road of `` which are legitimate terrorist organisations that your citizens can go join '' then you 're not anywhere near finding an actual solution to your problem . 
  if shitty jokes on the internet were all it took to change your world view then i highly doubt you were full of strong progressive convictions in the first place . 
  how do you discern the official goal of a terrorist organisation ? 
  they could easily circumvent that by having no official goal . 
  the way you 've defined it with the verb `` decides '' also makes it about thought-crime rather than actually committing a physical crime . 
   they are criminals . 
  those people there are in a criminal association . 
  they 've no right , no citizenship , no value . 
  they have chosen to become nothing . 
  at what point do you decide a criminal deserves no rights or citizenship ? 
  i 've heard that about the turkish left . 
  poland does n't have much of a left but i think there are still some tiny parties here and there in the cities that would risk pulling out the old hammer and sickle . 
  insignificant in terms of their overall politics . 
  i think that 'd be more likely than pkk sympathisers doing it cynically but we ca n't really know . 
  we 're both speculating on a protest hundreds of miles away from both of us that neither of us even witnessed !, 
  this probably depends on the country . 
  where i am the left seems quite positive about the pkk and hdp if critical about some aspects ( which is as good as you can ask for on the left ) . 
  there were demonstrations after suruc here too . 
  though as always the further away you go from a place the less nuanced opinions on things there tend to be . 
  more likely that it was pro-kurdish leftists bringing those flags rather than kurds themsleves i think . 
  national liberation movements during the 20th century turned towards the soviets in the cold war often because the people they were trying to win their independence from were nato aligned and so you could expect no help from that side . 
  on top of that the left in general has long supported independence movements . 
  the soviets might not have shown it once stalin gained power but they started off supporting independence for other nations in the russian empire though that whole thing is a murky debate in itself . 
  but it meant that those seeking independence gravitated to the left . 
  i also imagine that those who want out of syria are the ones who do n't want to live in the areas run by isis or al-nusra . 
  most of the internal refugees are in assad 's area of control iirc . 
  so if you could n't get to assad 's territory or did n't want to stay in the islamist controlled rebel territory then i 'd imagine big secular europe would look fairly appealing . 
  pro tip : if the user flag is irish then there is an 90 % chance there is sarcasm going on . 
  communists are on the leave side btw . 
  i think when we see the proportion of the population that are becoming obese it goes beyond simple advertising and nutritional information . 
  i think things like work-life balance , wages and cheapness of shitty food factor into it far more than people just not being told that being fat is unhealthy . 
  those are things that shame will not get rid of . 
  i think also these so called `` body-shaming '' ads have existed before the ban but there 's nothing to show that they were having any real effect on curbing obesity . 
  i do n't think getting rid of them will have much effect in terms of people now thinking it was okay to be fat . 
  but i think it might have some benefits with regard mental health . 
  [ this nhs report for example talks about the relationship between obesity and mental health . 
  ] ( http://www.noo.org.uk/uploads/doc/vid_10266_obesity%20and%20mental%20health_final_070311_mg.pdf ) at the end of the day banning these ads wo n't solve the problem but i do n't think shaming obesity will be any more successful . 
  i would n't agree with that either as fascism as i described is inherently right wing in its ideology but that 's not what i came to point out so i 'll leave that there . 
  i think authoritarian is the better word for that too . 
   the army is not a fascist exclusive thing and neither is censorship . 
   i mean to say , that you can expect a government that censors to become a fascist government much more likely than you 'd expect a government that has an army to become a fascist one . 
  not really . 
  far more governments have used censorship than there have been fascist governments . 
  fascism is an ideology that combines nationalism with a particular outlook on the economy which both dislikes the rich for their decadence and the workers for their rabble rousing . 
  it seeks to implement a system in which both are made to work for the good of the nation through the state while at the same time more or less maintaining the pre-fascist social hierarchy . 
  it would be far better it people used the word authoritarian rather than fascist for arguments like these . 
  because what you mean with the word is authoritarian while what some of us see with that word is the paragraph above . 
  telling them they 're fine is not what this was doing though . 
  telling them they 're fine is n't what we should be doing . 
  advertising like this though , like a lot of advertising , plays upon insecurities for profit . 
  i do n't know if i agree with banning them for that reason though i would n't mind just banning all ads to be totally honest . 
  banning these ads though does n't end the fight against obesity it just does n't consider those kinds of ads as useful . 
  obesity is a problem and people need to be fully aware of the health risks but i just do n't think shame is the right tactic at all for tackling it . 
  we probably should be dealing more forcefully with the food industry who profit from it all . 
  no i 'm saying we know that lack of self esteem is involved in obesity . 
  not always the sole or main factor but it 's quite often involved . 
  that is not the case with smoking . 
  they are two different health problems with different dynamics and the same solution will not work for both . 
   smoking is shamed for the same reason : it 's bad for you . 
  you can argue though that people do n't smoke because of low self esteem . 
   censorship , at least in this case , is a fascist tactic censorship * long * predates fascism . 
  the fascists also promoted the military . 
  is having an army fascist ? 
  you can be against censorship without calling it fascism . 
  this is just sensationalist bullshit to get an emotive response from people . 
  i ca n't stand anyone left or right who calls things they do n't like fascism . 
  sorry to hear about your friends that must be horrific . 
  living in northern ireland i 've been within the kill radius of a live bomb before without knowing it only to see the bomb squad closed the street off and performed a controlled explosion not long after i 'd walked through . 
  it 's amazing how lucky you can be sometimes . 
  but it 's also important to never let these things change how you live your life . 
  never give into fear because of it . 
  it 's about the only thing we can really do ourselves to fight back . 
  i agree we should let it slide given the circumstances but the first comment i was replying to was going further than just letting it slide . 
  media should give him space and people should look out for him so that he takes the time to work through it in a good environment . 
  like it is understandable given what he went through but it 's probably best if he did n't get involved in that kind of thing . 
  it 's not right when either does it . 
  it 's still quite a serious allegation to bring up with zero evidence . 
  i remember hearing somewhere that a large number of the lenin statues are from the de-stalinisation period where old stalin statues were being replaced to serve the same purpose of legitimising the regime while putting an end to stalin 's cult of personality . 
  lenin 's wife did n't want any fancy statues or memorials either . 
  the far right and islamists would be on the same end of the political spectrum really . 
  we drink more tea than you . 
  could you describe for me how they usually express this hatred ? 
  and maybe a little description of what kind of communists they might be ? 
  otherwise it 's hard for me to tell if you are misinterpreting what they are saying or they legitimately are idiots . 
  i mean like if people are going to get anti-semetic they usually bring up marx 's jewish background .
