  the new old left would probably describe them and that kind of strain of left wing politics a bit better . 
  a bit like syriza 's left wing . 
  strong criticism of the israeli state does not equal hatred of jewish people or judaism . 
  four lions was a documentary . 
  i think there is still a little bit of tension always hanging over the north . 
  i did n't notice it when i was there but i noticed its absence whenever i went home across the border . 
  you always have to be mindful as to what you say in front of who . 
  we 've gotten so used to equating union jack bunting and flags everywhere to deeply loyalist areas that , when the olympics and the jubilee was on and my girlfriend was in london , she kept thinking she 'd walked into a dodgy loyalist estate every time she turned down a road decked out in union flags . 
  the main issue is that the nationalist population of derry would call it derry , the anglicised version of its original name `` doire '' , while the unionist population mostly call it londonderry . 
  however , the city is 75 % catholic , who are predominantly nationalist . 
  many would like to change it but the unionist community kick up a storm about it . 
  from what i can tell it 's only the loud minority of unionists that actually care what it 's called . 
  i 've been in belfast over a year and i have only met one protestant who calls it londonderry . 
  ( others might say it but they 're only taking the piss . ), 
  a lot of them simply do n't care what it 's called and derry is two syllables shorter to say . 
  rmc is definitely right on this . 
  despite 84 % declaring that they 're catholic , many say so in an ethnicity way while others did not even fill it out themselves . 
  the reality is that the vatican is almost hated by the younger generations and within a few decades , unless something big changes , the church in ireland will be near collapse if it is n't already . 
  it was that they identify as scottish , and by extension british , that caused the ethnic conflict . 
  but also over about 300 years of being in ulster the planters were in many places becoming integrated as both presbyterians and catholics were treated as second class citizens . 
  the beginnings of irish republicanism in the late 1700 's with support from the french was a mix from the catholic and presbyterian communities , as both had much to gain from independence . 
  ( many scots-irish were involved in the republican revolution in america in the 1780 's . ), 
  there were even parts of ulster where presbyterians spoke irish like the natives and identified as irish rather than scottish . 
  however , one the rebellion of 1798 actually happened it broke down into extreme sectarian violence . 
  it is fairly likely that the anglican ruling class intentionally sowed further seeds of mistrust within the communities to get their own wishes . 
  it 's hard to really explain such a complex situation that needs to be looked at over all its 400 years to fully understand it . 
  essentially , although the acts of violence were committed in the name of religion and ethnicity , much of the religious and ethnic conflict was originally stirred up to suit the needs of the ruling class . 
  it is also worth note that at the time of the modern beginnings of the northern ireland situation in 1912 , belfast was the biggest dockyard in the world and the loss of such an important industrialised city to a new autonomous region would not have suited the local businessmen running the city . 
  who then used religion to spur up the protestant working class with slogans such as `` home rule is rome rule '' and such . 
  and this is getting too long and disorganised so i 'm going to stop now before i start googling local publishers . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : you are right it was but there 's also a very complex mess of 400 years of history to take into account . 
  not only that but the majority of today 's loyalists were presbyterian and it was the presbyterians that started irish republicanism in the first place with the united irishmen in the 1700 's . 
  then the english went and offered them civil rights and they sold out . 
  we could have all been friends and avoided all that trouble later on . 
  you think that flag is busy ? 
  [ needs more lions , bears , dragons , goats and horses !, 
  and throw in a swan while you 're at it . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/df/alexandra_of_denmark%2c_queen_of_the_united_kingdom_standard.svg ), 
  i am very much content with the good level of accuracy with borders and spellings for the various irish kingdoms . 
  they are often very inconsistent in how they 're represented in these time lapses . 
  that 's what i ended up doing . 
  after the patriotic grumbling of course . 
  for ethnic origin i assume ireland is supposed to fit in under the germanic one because of geographic location despite being clearly not germanic but celtic in ethnicity . 
  also potatoes . 
  is it wrong that i would really like to see the turks intervene and take out assad and babysit the new state to arise from the civil war ? 
  a moderate muslim democracy overseeing the transition could keep the large , non-syrian , islamist groups fighting from seizing power and setting up a theocratic state . 
  they are not the same other than that they are at they extremities of their respective side of the political spectrum . 
  the way i see it , an fascist will hate you for they way you were born while an communist or anarchist will hate you for things you can control yourself such as ideology , opinions etc. 
  neither are very reasonable but fascism is significantly worse in my opinion . 
  [ they 're not from cavan are they ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8fitzlpga0#t=0m10s ), 
  you never expect to see it !, 
  new jersey was where i noticed it too actually . 
  particularly when i was taken to a deprived neighbourhood by my cousin who used to teach there , that was very different to even some of the most run down parts of ireland . 
  but overall the place had an air of having peaked in wealth and that cars , roads , buildings were n't being replaced by better versions . 
  yes , i could n't get over how insular the media was . 
  it was like watching a tv equivalent of the northern standard but it covered an area bigger than all of ireland . 
  but even with all that , manhatten really is something else !, 
  it is in a way like getting to visit your favourite movie set , but i do n't think op would appreciate me saying that !, 
  when i went to america the other year it felt like i actually had stepped onto a film set . 
  all the weird accents and armed cops walking about . 
  everything looked just like the films and sightly different to home . 
  it was a surreal feeling . 
  with america being a bit of a swim away , the main way we experience american culture in europe is the sheer amount of films you export . 
  those films are made to ground a story in reality for the american viewers . 
  meanwhile we see the `` reality '' as being different to ours and thus it becomes associated in our minds with films . 
  i made quite a few similar observations while i was over there . 
  very interesting trip . 
  particularly the radio advertising , sheer amount of tv advertising , the feeling of economic decay that came off everything , the terror alert signs in airports . 
  one day they 'll grow up as a collective culture and get back to the good scientific work they were doing before some imam said trigonometry was the devil . 
  machines still have n't got the hang of irish yet . 
  as you can see [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.translate.google.com/#ga/en/ab\u00fa ), 
  where 's irish ? 
  i 'm sure the monarchs will all keep their positions much like the presidents of each republic in the eu . 
  and i 'm not arguing either that they should go . 
  it 's just an interesting thought to look at how these rulers , although ceremonial now , have for centuries been describing themselves as appointed by god to rule over their people . 
  that they are the top of the social pyramid and surmounted only by god . 
  but then to have an elected leader outrank them while they still maintain their head of state status . 
  ( i know prime ministers have more power but they are still lower ranking . ), 
  and then if the uk is to take part in this superstate . 
  it 's queen is still head of state for each country in the commonwealth but at home she is of less importance in the federal state she is a part of . 
  that was a fantastic response !, 
  thanks . 
  yes there are a good few examples of kingdoms within empires and in ireland we had a system of kings , provincial kings and a high-king . 
  but how does an old , yet decorative , monarchy survive within a republic ? 
  i do n't really see any problem with the presidency but the seanad needs to be reformed and given more powers to keep things in check . 
  but the fact that we 're here discussing scrapping whole chunks of government is testament to the scale of the cluster fuck . 
  sinn f\u00e9in does have a few policies i would n't mind but currently they we ca n't afford some of their policies and they wo n't explain how they will manage it if in power . 
  i just get the feeling they are n't being realistic and just want to drum up support with populist rhetoric . 
  and anyway , the labour party have similar policies with healthcare and that but without the scepticism and tribalism . 
  i do n't actually know what 's on the way in healthcare . 
  our politics are such a big mess at the moment that i ca n't bring myself to stay on top of it . 
  also : we seem to have been downvoted indiscriminantly at some point . 
  possibly because we 've rambled off the topic of the main thread or someone 's being a bit of a dick . 
  sinn f\u00e9in would n't turn us into a communist dictatorship but what i dislike is their strong euroscepticism and nationalism . 
  a left wing party should n't be as tribally nationalistic as that . 
  i do n't think a federal europe would apply to military straight away . 
  there are more important things to be pooled together and there are issues with smaller countries wanting neutrality ( or maybe it 's just us ? ) . 
  i suppose in a fully integrated eu superstate we would all be the one country so a region within it could n't be neutral .
