  even on the left these guys are out there . 
   man : democracy does n't mean you can , you know , go and insult anybody ...  reporter : it does . 
  that 's exactly what it means . 
  this reporter has a strange view of democracy . 
  oh dear god even for understanding the far left do n't turn to wsws . 
  you 'll only get an understanding of their bizarre little sect . 
  better places to look would be jacobin magazine for a sort of syriza left platform orientated democratic marxism . 
  for trotskyism socialistworld.net has articles from committee for a workers international sections who are probably the most active trot international at the moment . 
  in defence of marxism is another decent trot website from the international marxist tendency which has the same origin as the larger trot group ( edit : syriza 's tiny communist platform faction are from this lot ) . 
  for the stalinists these days the kke is the most active and our old school communist types get articles from them but it 's not of much interest other than historical roleplaying . 
  stalinism has no relevancy or mass appeal these days for reasons we can all understand . 
  but literally anything is better than the wsws . 
  is it just me or does anyone else not trust political rallies that look like they could be stand ins for crowds watching a sporting event on a big screen . 
   an amalgam of stalinists and pseudo-left elements that 's wsws for you . 
  it 's the newspaper of the socialist equality party who are some of they most biased and sectarian trotskyists i have ever seen . 
  any group that is n't them is labelled `` pseudo-left '' . 
  they are not a good source for understanding the world . 
  we all know the knock on affect could have affected others but every one including the experts were surprised when they heard anglo-irish was in the guarantee . 
  i still remember my economics teacher at the time thinking it was stupidly risky but hopefully it will keep markets happy . 
  and most of it went into the black hole of anglo-irish which was was a bank that only interacted with businesses . 
  letting it go bust would n't have affected your average person 's personal accounts which was one of the fearmongering reasons they explained the bank guarantee to us with . 
  what has western values got to do with any of this ? 
  al qaeda are n't the only muslims who have fought isis . 
  there are muslims who have fought both isis and al-nusra . 
  the kurds are sunni muslims too you know . 
  what about all the sunni 's currently giving the wahhabis in isis a bloody nose in al-raqqah ? 
  is that not distancing yourself quite considerably ? 
   muslims generally do n't do this they do n't do it ? 
  or do you just not listen to them when they try ? 
  or ignore it when it happens ? 
  a bit like how some on the right still view the centre-left as the same as the far left despite their efforts to distance themselves from the extremists . 
  for example how so many americans see obama as some form of communist . 
  that does n't mean they are not the main source of the modern day problem with islamist terrorism or that you ca n't isolate them with the help of the rest of islam . 
  attacking all of islam rather than making them turn on their own extremists only benefits the extremists you are trying to deal with . 
  take another analogy for example . 
  not all left-wing extremists are stalinists and the left-wing extremists are not entirely isolated from the rest of the left either . 
  is the solution when dealing with stalinism then to paint them all the same and attack the whole labour movement taking all the left on at once ? 
  or is it better to single out the stalinists and isolate them ? 
  divide and conquer . 
  and is that justification for general islamophobia ? 
  or justification of a negative view of wahhabism ? 
  the big question is how do you reason about what to worry about . 
  in the thirties anti-semites thought they very much had a reason to worry about jewish efforts to control them . 
  today we have people worrying about the entirety of islam because of the attitudes and actions of relatively small extremist and controversial sects . 
  there is a reason why the nsa is worried about islamist attacks of course . 
  that does n't mean islamophobia in general is at all justified . 
  i 'm sure the gestapo were worried about jewish conspiracies in their time but not islamist attacks . 
  or that because not all jews are communists or bankers we should n't be worried about jews trying to control us ? 
   they were overrepresented in upper middle class that 's not exactly how it was back then . 
  they were overrepresented in upper middle class , in banking and in communist parties . 
  people point to the fact that marx was of a jewish background and how trotsky was jewish , luxemburg was jewish and a whole host of other communists were jews . 
  they took this and spun it into all jews want to control you and your property while destroying your culture with decadent art and cultural bolshevism . 
  like all bullshit conspiracy theories that take hold there are many elements of truths here and there but idiots with a prejudice take them and weave together something that makes sense with the gut feeling they 've always had about the group and then uses it as an excuse to continue feeling that way more openly . 
  the anti-semites of the early 20th century thought their anti-semitism was very substantiated . 
   `` islamophobia '' - they are openly shooting people and hacking people up with machetes in the street and who is * they * exactly ? 
  all muslims ? 
  or wahhabis ? 
  they did n't join this group . 
  they 're just mentioned as other non-attached members . 
  but they are a bit crazy which is why they left the eul/ngl block . 
  nazi propaganda used the word jew and bolshevik interchangeably . 
  with the amount of labour and civil unrest in europe at the time it was seen by anti-semites as the jews stirring up trouble . 
  paradoxically the jews were also seen as the capitalist bankers and businessmen who were trying to control people that way too . 
  the things islam as a whole gets blamed for these days is pretty small fry compared to what anti-semites thought the jews were up to . 
  syriza 's interest in russia is little more than a bargaining chip in negotiations . 
  greece seems to have good relationship with russia anyway but syriza does n't see putin as a good guy or anything . 
  if a actual radical left party arose in russia you can bet your ass syriza would be backing them over putin . 
  it might have gained more attention in other articles but i did n't see it . 
  you 're free to try and resubmit if you feel like it . 
  did i say that a benevolent dictatorship is the best possible government ? 
  i said it was efficient but the flaws are far too great for it to be the best . 
  democracy is by far the best and most versatile . 
  people just are n't creative enough to think beyond liberal parliamentary democracy when considering systems of government . 
  the system works !, 
  and who decides how that gets done and how the kinks get hammered out ? 
  and what stops the technocrats becoming corrupt and abusing their power ? 
  they are more efficient but when they go bad they go very bad . 
  democracy at least has the checks and balances to sort that out . 
  dictatorships ca n't handle succession . 
  how is it the best possible government ? 
  is it even possible in the first place ? 
  what one person considers a benevolent dictator the other just sees a dictator . 
  jacobin magazine has done a few special articles today for the election from various points of view on the turkish left if anyone is interested . 
  * [ bringing the resistance to parliament ] ( https://www.jacobinmag.com/2015/06/diyarbakir-election-attack-turkey-kurdistan-pkk/ ) * [ turkey after gezi ] ( https://www.jacobinmag.com/2015/06/kobane-erdogan-turkey-elections/ ) * [ turkey 's rejuvenated left ] ( https://www.jacobinmag.com/2015/06/erdogan-turkey-elections-gezi-hdp/ ) * [ unseating erdo\u011fan ] ( https://www.jacobinmag.com/2015/06/erdogan-turkey-parliament-consitutional-reform/ ), 
  [ apparently even their * very * pro-euro new chief negotiator was shocked by the new offer . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/paulmasonnews/status/606509120393506816 ) the pro-euro camp in the party is having a hard time . 
  that 's what it usually is for established parties everywhere but syriza is a bit newer and serious with its principles . 
  i do n't see them running for election to just manage the status quo . 
  not without a serious split in the party . 
  they probably would n't get the same results . 
  but then it is n't about getting results and getting into government for the sake of it . 
  if people do n't want to elect them to do what they think needs to be done then that 's that . 
  they 're not going to trick the people into letting them go against their wishes . 
  i 'm also thinking that as the programme they were elected on of ending austerity and staying in the euro seems to be unattainable they can hold snap elections and run on a platform with a controlled exit and ending austerity in mind so that they can get a democratic mandate to do so . 
  i know those in the anti-euro camp in the party have been very aware of the desire to stay within the euro among the greek people and wish there to be some debate and a mandate before going down that road . 
  once again , is it not possible for journalists to try and do a little journalism ? 
  [ just like how costas lapavitsas was n't the leader of left platform last week , ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/37ku36/part_of_greeces_ruling_syriza_party_is_ready_to/crnk3ns ) neither is stathis kouvelakis this week . 
  how bloody hard is it to figure out that minister lafazanis is the faction leader ? 
  or that that statement from kouvelakis is just him writing an article for his publisher like a lot of verso authors do ? 
  not some official statement of the left platform .
