  they just want to live out the rest of their precious little time on this planet in somewhere less shitty than an overflowing turkish refugee camp and try to at least ensure some sort of future prospects for their children . 
  they will have to be distributed in a planned and rational manner to deal with it in the smoothest way . 
  we ca n't really blame the refugees for scuppering that though . 
  they 're going to keep heading to wherever they will feel secure and with a future and perhaps family among their diaspora . 
  they 're not going to change their behaviour as a collective mass to distribute themselves best . 
  it 's up to governments at an eu level to sort it out . 
  they 're the barrier to dealing with this both humanely and effectively . 
  there were n't exactly many safe rich countries to get to in ww2 . 
  on top of that we 're talking transport in the 1940s . 
  most probably stayed in europe because travelling outside of europe would have been a difficult journey to make . 
  also remember that the us population by 1840 was the equivalent of the netherlands today . 
  by 1880 it was just bigger than spain today and by 1900 was somewhere between france and german today . 
  the eu today has a population of half a billion . 
  the total number of syrian refugees outside of syria is less than 1 % of the eu population . 
  the number the eu has agreed to distribute in the article is just 0.02 % of the eu population . 
  has he even got the 1000 piety needed ? 
  were any statues associated with the cult of personality erected in lenin 's time ? 
  it 's quite hard to find anything on them other than articles on their destruction or controversy . 
  as far as i 'm aware in lenin 's time there were n't really the resources for good statues and the kinds of monuments he advocated were of a range of people from dostoevsky to robespierre and not of soviet leaders . 
  my understanding is that stalin as part of consolidating power and not being a prominent theorist or leader before the revolution portrayed himself as a student of lenin and created the cult of lenin to associate himself with . 
  i 'd say this involved statues to lenin as well as himself . 
  i 've also read that after the death of stalin his own cult of personality was erased in the destalinisation . 
  and along with that lenin statues were put in place of the stalin ones but i ca n't find more to back that up . 
  he also wanted to be buried . 
  when do these statues actually date from i wonder ? 
  i 'd read somewhere but have n't been able to verify it that the lenin statues everywhere were really replacements for stalin statues when khrushchev took power . 
  it makes sense as an attempt to maintain a cult of personality for legitimacy but at the same time wash away your sins by attributing them all to stalin and getting rid of him . 
  i 'm not well read enough on the topic to know how much stalin was aware of the inevitability of attack . 
  i would imagine that they knew it was a possibility but did n't manage the preparations enough or realise the urgency involved . 
  stalin just about managed to hold things together in the end really . 
  and then too much credit ( good or bad ) is given to stalin for all that happened during his time as leader . 
  there were other high up people under him working away too . 
  it would be interesting to know who among his closest allies were wary of invasion and who were n't . 
  given hitler 's militarism , expansionism and extreme anti-communism ( he conflated the ideology with judaism ) i 'd say war with the ussr was fairly inevitable . 
  he killed more people but over a different timeline and in a slightly different manner . 
  i do n't think numbers alone should be the judge of it . 
  a lot of stalin 's crimes were messy and with a view to maintaining power and even some effort seemed to be put into show trials to try to give them some legitimacy . 
  with hitler on the other hand the motivation was darker and the crimes were committed on an industrial scale never really seen elsewhere not to mention over a fairly short time period . 
  much less effort put into trials too . 
  if you want to get back to numbers too do n't forget the nazis are held responsible for more than just the holocaust . 
  number-wise their full totals are fairly similar . 
  the whole thing is still all up for endless debate of course but i see it a bit like the difference between a mass murdering gangster and a psychopathic serial killer . 
  both are very bad and the gangster might have killed more but the serial killer is on a whole other level of fucked up . 
  ensure that they are co-operatives ? 
  i 'd love to hear answers to the reverse of this question before the end of the cold war . 
  as in get the perspectives of people living at the height of the eastern bloc but who remembered life beforehand and how things changed but all before seeing the whole thing crumble in the end . 
  i know next to nothing about what avicenna got up to but did you not just say earlier that `` avicenna had trouble reconciling his philosophy with his faith '' . 
  does this not imply that he tried to create a synthesis between the two regardless of how successful he was ? 
  it literally says this in his wiki page :  avicenna was a devout muslim and sought to reconcile rational philosophy with islamic theology . 
  no because was not the project about creating a synthesis between existing philosophy and islamic thought ? 
  it might have been a failed project but it was a movement of thinkers within the islamic world that attempted it and to refer to them as a body of related thought there is no better term . 
  splitting it up into the various geographic regions that this movement existed in only hides the fact that they were philosophically related . 
  it 's bringing our understanding a step backwards . 
  the naming of these things are n't supposed to be accolades for a region or religion to be awarded they 're supposed to reasonably describe collections of thinkers . 
   if you want to describe the region in general , `` middle eastern philosophy '' works fine . 
  the movement of philosophy described as islamic philosophy was n't limited to the middle east either . 
  north africa and spain experienced some of it too . 
  seriously , you can keep naming single regions as much as you like you are not going to find a more suitable name than islamic philosophy . 
  there is a reason that 's the name for it . 
  oh yeah because at some point about 3000 years ago there was a meeting where it was decided just what naming convention would be used for the naming of new branches and schools of philosophy . 
  the naming is all over the place . 
  get used to it . 
   what 's wrong with persian philosophy ? 
  because it was not confined to persia . 
  that which was particular to persia could be called persian philosophy . 
   avicenna had trouble reconciling his philosophy with his faith not an uncommon thing in the history of philosophy . 
   refers to a geographical region , not a religious ideology it refers to philosophy coming from a group of regions that do n't have a single name and were tied together culturally , politically and economically by religion . 
  the islamic world referred to this group of regions and islamic philosophy to the philosophy that came out of there . 
  there is n't a better term for what we are trying to describe and erasing their influence to call it western philosophy just makes things inaccurate . 
  anything they added to it deserves to be accredited to them . 
  indian and chinese philosophy is only independent because of geography really . 
  the ideas from europe spread to the islamic world and they recognised their value , built upon it and helped preserve it . 
  if your philosophy is based almost entirely on the work of greek philosophers is it really fair to call it roman ? 
  das kapital is n't exactly dealing with the most exciting subject matters . 
  it 's trying to lay out the inner workings and contradictions of an economic system . 
  the penguin classics editions together amount to over 2500 pages . 
  mein kampf is more of a political manifesto so i do n't think any of it is really comparable to das kapital . 
  it 's not even the most successful manifesto to come out of germany . 
  it will likely depend on the outcome of the civil war and how long it takes for that to come . 
  they were hardly going to scrap everything and start afresh . 
  you build upon what came before . 
  most of philosophy * is * just commenting on what people have said before and going through their arguments . 
  those are quite interesting . 
  i did n't realise there was much still about . 
  it 's very blocky . 
  it seems like they were going for the kind of spartan , no frills and brute strength that you 'd expect from a fascist . 
  completely forgot about riefenstahl actually . 
  they did have her . 
  none of their architecture really survived so it 's harder to tell there . 
  that that i remember was impressive in scale maybe but not as out there as what the soviets attempted . 
  turning that into a fair law that wo n't get circumvented or abused is n't quite as simple . 
  oh of course the soviets did much to hamper their talent including eliminating the troublesome ones . 
  any good artists who made it often still had to work with the government on their backs all the time . 
  but even despite that some great art shone through . 
  i would love to have seen what they 'd have managed without the government sticking its nose in . 
  i mainly brought them up as a reference point of art under authoritarianism to compare against the art coming from nazi germany . 
  the [ 1937 world fair in paris ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y0wfamt.jpg ) , actually , is [ quite fascinating as a comparison between the two . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tcueda4.jpg ) although at that state soviet art was n't really at the heights of their early years . 
  and yes vertov is there on my list of films to see . 
  thanks for the link .
