  synaspism\u00f3s makes up the creamy centre of syriza and to their right is mainly comprised of social democrats and pasok refugees . 
  to the left of synaspism\u00f3s is a grouping called the `` left platform '' who are harder left were formed out of some former kke members who left around '91 and trotskyists and a sprinkling of maoists but since then have grown and the lines are blurred . 
  it 's its own thing now and does n't seem to get tied up with arguing about the past with itself . 
  it 's now sort of a version of the synapism\u00f3s section only with a harder line against compromise and for more radical proposals and rupture with the euro . 
  they make up about 30 % of the central committee . 
  there 's then about 2 % of the committee that are in the trotskyist communist platform at the very left of the party . 
  overall the party is dominated by the synaspism\u00f3s section with the support of the social democrats with the left and communist platforms acting as internal opposition to keep them on their toes . 
  and these loons giving out flyers want to ban homosexuality and pornography as it says in the article . 
  *** breaking * : pot advocacy group hands out anti-kettle flyers in tralee **, 
   these groups have long been splitbetween those who always believed that socialism was only possible outside the eurozone and those who argued that grexit was too risky and that the path to socialism in greece was via a european , anticapitalist revolution . 
  those arguing that grexit was too risky * were not * saying that the path to socialism in greece was via a european anti-capitalist revolution . 
  has this guy even done his homework before trying to tell us about syriza 's internal factions ? 
  the pro-euro wing of syriza is the friggin ' social democrat wing . 
  the whole party is reformist not revolutionary . 
  the social democratic wing wants eurozone reform and work towards their goals that way . 
  the left wing of the party thinks reform of that kind in the eurozone is impossible for reasons i 'm sure everyone here could guess and so if you want to reform to socialism you need to do so outside the euro and be a bit more radical while you 're at it . 
   syriza is not a conventional political party fighting the keynesian good fight for looser fiscal policy they are mostly marxists but even the leftmost marxist economists in the party see keynesian economics as essential for managing capitalism before replacing it . 
   replace the politically toxic finance minister yiannis varoufakis with the better-mannered euclid tsakalotos , even if the new one is the more hardline leftist , according to former colleagues . 
  i do n't know where exactly tsakalotos fits in the party but he is n't on the pro-rupture left either . 
  he is a longtime party member unlike varoufakis . 
  varoufakis was seen as a bit too hardline by some of the party social democrats and though he was parachuted in and talked a bit differently than the rest of the party he probably fits in the centre where i 'd imagine tsakalotos sits too . 
   upvoted ( interpreted as support ) or because it is a relevant and fairly uncontroversial statement ? 
  not greek either but antarsya is a much more revolutionary organisation than syriza and those kind of groups tend to shun parliamentary politics as a distraction and so do n't participate much in elections other than to use them as a platform for their ideas but do n't care if they win . 
  in terms of votes the most they 've gotten is 2.2 % in regional elections in 2014 . 
  not huge and there was only 0.6 % in the january elections but the january elections might have seen antarsya supporters voting in syriza for tactical reasons . 
  but also it means that as recently as 2014 you 've had over 2 % of greeks saying `` screw syriza i want socialist revolution now '' . 
  and those people are still there . 
  [ jacobin magazine did a big interview with a member about the party if you 're interested . 
  ] ( https://www.jacobinmag.com/2015/04/antarsya-syriza-communist-party-greece-euro/ ) it 's quite long and i 've not read it yet but there should be more than you need to know in it . 
  all i 'd seen from the pro-rupture side was complaints that they need to prepare for rupture and that it did n't seem to be happy . 
  he 's still a member of parliament and in syriza so it will be interesting to hear from him in the future . 
  he 'll hardly keep quiet !, 
   also many syriza members blame him for the fail in negotiations . 
  i think this is tsipra 's way of saying `` we are here for agreement , not rupture '' . 
  syriza members in favour of rupture were very critical of him . 
  he was seen as too much of a compromiser . 
  they are essentially shit stirrers who need to stir shit to keep themselves going . 
  they want escalation because escalation benefits them . 
  if they make europeans turn to those who want to treat all of islam as a problem then it draws a line in the sand and encourages people to start taking sides and move towards the extremes , ie . 
  them . 
  this is how tit for tat civil conflicts get going and the only real way to bring it to an end is to break out of the vicious cycle . 
  on monday varoufakis will still be a member of the greek parliament . 
  he 's said quite publicly he 's in greece to stay to stick it out whatever the outcome . 
  if it is effectively being used as a tool of us foreign policy then people are going to say those things . 
  my country has 0.5 % of the vote we sure as hell do n't control it . 
  when they vote as a bloc is it as the eu or did they all just happen to vote the same way ? 
  and have they ever voted as a bloc * against * the us ? 
  you also need to take into account that the eu has not always been such a major force and the imf 's reputation as a tool of us foreign policy would pre-date the eu being as significant a political entity . 
  does the eu vote as a bloc ? 
  the young people also know they 'll have to live with the results longer . 
  the us has more voting power than any other member of the imf . 
  like more than the next top three countries combined . 
  every saturday at one o'clock a dozen or so loyalists converge on city hall in belfast to demand they fly the union flag again . 
  it 's been over two and a half years . 
  [ here 's some photos of them from a recent protest . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/usmct ) north or south we love our flegs . 
  i have three in my room as we speak !, 
  the whole thing is happening too fast for most people to understand what 's going on from outside . 
  too many contradicting reports and unreliable news , biases and straight up errors from reporters who do n't understand the internal structure of syriza . 
  we 'll know what happened when the dust settles but at this stage it 's hard to know what 's going on . 
  but that wo n't stop armchair statesmen telling us all what tsipras should really be doing or the armchair psychologists trying to diagnose him . 
  it 's nice to see so many support a decent candidate but quite a few are deluded into thinking he could actually win and that that would make everything better . 
  not enough of them are talking about what sanders himself as said which is to try to build up a grassroots left-wing political movement in the us rather than parachute a lefty into the oval office . 
  he should have done it outside the democrats though . 
  they 're only going to go off and support clinton in the end . 
  it 's long been said that capitalism and democracy are not very compatible . 
  my understanding was that due to the extent of unemployment in greece many greek families were getting by on pensions and that cutting those would have a greater effect than just cutting down the spending power of the pensioners themselves . 
  it 's quite simple . 
  they were voted to end austerity within the confines of the euro . 
  they have come to the conclusion that the institutions will not accept that . 
  they now have the choice to either accept austerity or exit essentially . 
  their party will not do the first and do n't have the mandate to do the second so it goes to a referendum . 
   the oligarchy and public servants are behind syriza . 
  this could n't be further from the truth . 
  how did you even get upvoted for this ? 
  well they 're not quite the borg either . 
  just like any group of people the kurds are as diverse as , let 's say , estonians . 
  there are conservative and religious kurds just as there are secular left wing kurds . 
  the kurds making the news in syria are predominantly secular , feminist and overall left wing . 
  there are many kurds in turkey who voted for erdogan 's akp up until the last election . 
  the turkish counterparts to the secular kurds of syria are trying their best to deal with honour killings and general abuse of women . 
  because of the difficulties in dealing with the state they try to fix the problems themselves through social ostracisation and talking to abusive husbands when they get word of abuse . 
  i think they 've had some success but they are working on it . 
  ocalan and the pkk no longer want an independent nation state but instead what they call '' [ democratic confederalism ] ( http://www.freeocalan.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/ocalan-democratic-confederalism.pdf ) '' . 
  it 's a sort of libertarian socialist communalism that wants more local autonomy for all ethnic groups not just kurds . 
  in syria the main kurdish party , the pyd is affiliated with democratic confederalism and only wishes to have local governance and autonomy in a democratic syria . 
  as ocalan says on page of that pamhplet :  had it not been nationalism and nation-states which had created so many problems in the middle east ? 
  the violence does n't quite come from the koran . 
  the violence would happen regardless but the koran can be used to legitimise it and also influences the character of the violence . 
  as you said if you took another religion you 'd see the violence it would legitimise were it in the same economic and social conditions as we islam in today . 
  however , were you to take jainism and place it in the same conditions i do not think it would stop violence . 
  were it as dominant as islam is in the arab world in these conditions what you would see is a decline in its relevance to the people living in those conditions . 
  if the conditions breeds resistance out of the people then ideas counter to that will not take hold very easily . 
  wealthy businessmen in the region making use of religion like they often do the world over is on factor of many . 
  there would also be an element to that of the businessmen backing a local political force that was harshly opposed to the left . 
  however , this does n't quite answer how is it that the people of the arab world were susceptible to political ideologies , islamist or not , that took a violent approach to western powers . 
  also for the decline of secular resistance you will often find it coincides with the decline of the soviets by the end of the cold war . 
  you 'll also find those opposed to the soviets supporting islamists to stir up trouble with the secular resistance . 
   the secular resistance didnt have the backing of imams and sheiks and a huge part of the population at large . 
  perhaps not the imams and sheiks but if you look at palestinian resistance for a long time it was maintained by mass popular support with the secular plo being the major political force .
