  hamas did n't even exist for much of the time . 
   you are basicly asking why it didnt happen sooner , it takes times to form any sort of movement , and its just in the last few decades when imams started to speak against the west , promoting violence and death in their speech against the west , against infidels etc etc. 
  here i would n't really agree . 
  it 's not that they changed their minds and started preaching their ideas and changed the world but the other way around . 
  the world and conditions they lived in changed which to some extent changed their ideas but also created fertile conditions for these ideas to take hold . 
  the decline of the soviet union , despite our views of it , and the secular arab left that had its backing left a political vacuum that voiced resistance to the exploitation of the region . 
  the desire to resist is still there but the only player left in that game at the right place at the right time was the islamists . 
  this is more where you should be looking rather than focusing on what the koran says . 
  i see too many people trying to just make a point about how islam caused all of this and start pulling out quotes to back it up . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  we all know religions are messed up to different degrees in various ways and can be used to justify all sorts of things . 
  you can show the dark side of the koran till the cows come home but it does n't achieve anything . 
  you need to focus on material economic and social conditions that led to where we are so that we can figure out a way to move forward . 
  i 'm talking about the rise of islamism in general as a political force in the arab world . 
  it did n't happen in a vacuum so that theory of using religion to get votes snowballing into theocracies will not cut it . 
  why is it that the people of the arab world in the twentieth century turned to ideologies that promoted conflict with western powers ? 
  why is it that islamism only became relevant in the last decades of the twentieth century despite this conflict ? 
  why is it that the secular resistance to western powers went into decline ? 
  i was just trying to be nice . 
  reading your last comment you sounded a bit thick to be honest . 
   i can tell you the main thing that changed is the collapse of alternative ideologies for terror ( like communism ) . 
  not an objective way of putting it but you 're at least somewhat aware of what happened . 
  taking this into account forget about islam for a second and ask why people were turning to ideologies which promoted conflict with the west . 
  and on top of that the dynamic between islamism and secular left wing movements in the context of the cold war . 
  that user is making it seem as if the islamists have been the main perpetrators of terrorism in the world since the 80s and that it is because of their religion . 
  islam is not the thing that changed in the region and if people want to find a solution you need to look at what actually led to this turn of events . 
  instead people ignore that and spend their time reading selective quotes from the koran to justify their opinion that islam is the root of all evil in this world . 
  i 'm trying to tease the user out of that ridiculous hole and start thinking . 
   it 's always been this way . 
  so religion has been the main cause of violence in the arab world for all of the twentieth century ? 
   what rise are you refering too ? 
  not this year you numpty . 
  go back a few decades and islamic was not the dominant political force in the arab world . 
  why is that ? 
  the koran had n't been rewritten , al-wahhab was still a few centuries in the grave , islam was still the dominant religion . 
  so if islam 's violence and it 's place as domoinant religion in the arab world are both constants in history , what explains the recent rise in violence ? 
  what is the variable ? 
  this is n't complicated . 
  and no i do n't listen to aslan or the euphoric new atheists . 
  so you think initial muslim conquest plus modern political islam is the root cause of why there is violence in the arab world today ? 
   it is solely to do with their religion the religion has always been there . 
  if their religion was the sole cause with the rise in violence then why is there a rise ? 
  people keep pointing at the religion in general but never seem to want to go further and ask why these extremist sects are gaining prominence only now . 
  if you 've read any of their own internal debate you 'd know that any who advocated for default were very aware that syriza was elected given a mandate for their thessaloniki programme and nothing more . 
  to go further there would have to be a new mandate . 
  democracy is something they genuinely value and getting elected to do one thing and then going and doing a controversial other you were not elected to do is undemocratic in their books . 
  to be super pedantic what you meant to say was `` raises a question '' . 
  [ begging the question ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/begging_the_question ) turns out to actually mean something else entirely !, 
  northern ireland has bomb alerts on an average of more than one a day . 
  this is during peace time in a small area with a population of one and a half million . 
  [ no one worries much about it either . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xqisbyr.jpg ) the eu has a population of about half a billion . 
  there 's always going to be something happening and with the media these days it 's going to be easier to be aware of all of it if you want to but it only generates fear when there 's no need . 
  and is n't fear the whole point of terrorism anyway ? 
  it was the same with irish families in america . 
  when you emigrated you went out first to where your relatives had set up and they help you get started and then you can do what you want from there . 
  if i were to emigrate right now my first choices would be where my american cousins live . 
  that 's something the creditors have been trying to push him to do for a long time . 
  it only had the opposite effect of solidifying the party . 
  not the organisation just the type of people who turned up . 
  we have plenty of spontaneous protests here that were organised on facebook by non-party people . 
  they were still vibrant and colourful . 
  banners everywhere , flags of all sorts , people competing for the most sarcastic placards . 
  nothing like this timid crowd with seemingly little to say . 
  i 'm not talking about throwing stones . 
  i just get a weird vibe from protests where only a national flag is present and not party flags and banners with messages on them . 
  it was . 
  they were a right shower of bastards . 
  i know very few catholics that actually believe in transubstantiation . 
  but they do n't care either way . 
  religion is just something they do because that 's how it 's always been . 
  a factor in malcolm x moving away from the nation of islam and its extremism was his experiences travelling in the muslim world and meeting people who were muslim all their lives , many of which were secular by then . 
  this was of course before political islam became relevant in recent decades . 
   and here 's the major dissent : announcement by #syriza 's communist faction : `` vote down the new memorandum agreement . '', 
  the left platform is the major dissident faction in the party . 
  this sounds like they 're talking about the communist platform which is much smaller . 
   in june 2016 , plotnitsky told an audience at a russian university that ukraine ] s euromaidan revolution was masterminded by a cabal of jews , and that the name `` euromaidan '' was really `` evreimaidan '' , which translates from russian to ` jewmaidan . ', 
  time travelling separatist trying to stop the jews running the world . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd watch that movie but someone would . 
  i may have the top comment with my shitty meme but this was my reaction to this post as well . 
  that personalised bomb is intended to kill some other poor sod because of the actions of people in charge they 've never even met . 
  did n't expect my sarcasm to rake in quite so much blood karma . 
  le reddit army has arrived, 
  i think i 've heard it mentioned that the events in northern syria and kobani changed the political balance among kurds in turkey and that it was significant in getting conservative kurds to move away from akp . 
  i have a soft spot for tito myself . 
  i 've got a short book of selected speeches on my shelf that i 've yet to get around to reading and i like his market socialist experiment . 
  i just think one of the main things missing in yugoslavia was radical socialist democracy . 
  starting a war with the rest of europe because of an expansionist policy and an unstable economy that could only keep ticking through conquest . 
  for a couple of years then things got very very bad for them . 
  having several million of your citizens die during your reign does n't look good on the cv of a dictator . 
  [ the nazi economy was not a stable or sustainable one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1e0hmf/to_what_extent_was_nazi_germanys_economic/ ) and hitler hardly falls into the category of benevolent dictator . 
  he was `` awesome '' only in the short term for * some * germans . 
  tito in yugoslavia though is probably the best example we have for a benevolent dictator . 
  he did a decent job in different respects but succession did n't work and after he went the whole thing went downhill and fell apart . 
  many of the issues that led to collapse had festered since his time in office . 
  dictatorships are very short term successes . 
  i enjoy keeping a tab of all the groups be they relevant or bizarre . 
  i know plenty of left wing groups can be sectarian too . 
  but the wsws and affiliated parties really are sectarian even for the left . 
  they are n't quite bizarre like maoist sects but they are * by far * one of the most sectarian groups on the left .
