  if you guys invaded it would be back to guerilla war again . 
  the taoiseach at the time was the same man who led the war of independence . 
  there was n't a chance he would stand for a british invasion like in iceland . 
   this is russian propaganda mantra . 
  what about bbc propaganda ? 
  * [ ukraine underplays role of far right in conflict ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-30414955 ) * [ ukraine : far-right armed with bats patrol kiev ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26394980 ) * [ ukraine 's revolution and the far right ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26468720 ) * [ ukraine conflict : ` white power ' warrior from sweden ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-28329329 ) the russians blew it out of proportion sure but do not fall into the trap of denying it altogether . 
  that was part of the army 's plan . 
  they 'd hold off as much as they could but their plan did acknowledge that winning was impossible . 
  there were plenty of reserves filled with guerilla veterans and locals who had been drilling in their local area until they knew it like the back of their hands . 
  who ever did invade would have regretted it . 
  the plan was to bring in who ever did n't invade as soon as an invasion began . 
  there was a very real chance it would be the brits who invaded instead of the germans . 
  i 'm very much on the left and i am critical of the way migration is being dealt with . 
  i do n't agree with chaotic removal of all borders now , the world is nowhere near ready for the kind of freedom of movement that europe has . 
  i do n't agree with making dodgy deals with turkey to be our border for us either . 
  i want a solution that saves lives where we can , takes in genuine refugees through planned measures , tackles saudi arabia , turkey and qatar for their role in this , does it 's best to stop interventionist wars that destabilise the region and encourage diplomatic solutions over conflict , help the kurds smash isis , encourage a political settlement in syria between secular forces , doing what we can to stop economic exploitation in africa so that people do n't have to emigrate from there , tackle wahhabism at home while keeping ordinary muslims from being alienated in the process so the wahhabists get isolated further ... 
  the list goes on . 
  but instead in all these threads we see people blame everything merkel does as `` fucking leftists '' and then we end up in some stupid argument over bullshit rather than having any real debate over how the crisis should be dealt with . 
  old moderate liberal parties with names like `` radical '' are a weird quirk of history . 
  at least their name in english is a bit clearer . 
  referencing something connected to marxism in a paper does not make a paper marxist . 
  marx is one of the most cited individuals of all time . 
  citations are n't endorsements nor are they an element of marxist analysis . 
  you could end up with a reference to marx or marxism in your research simply by looking into something that is tangentially related to marx and not mentioning it would make the research less rigorous . 
  you can mention the relation in passing and move along but you need to provide a citation for it . 
  this does n't make the research or or argument marxist . 
  that would require explicitly applying a marxist analysis to it which they generally do n't . 
  do you have any evidence to back that up ? 
  cultural marxism is a vague term to the point of being meaningless unless you have no experience with marxism itself . 
  if it is being used by those on the left in my experience it is either someone taking the piss out of someone who does n't know better or else it 's a fucking idiot who is n't a marxist at all and just wants to be edgy . 
  marxism already includes culture in its analysis with its base and superstructure model . 
  some people have taken marxism and focused on what it had to say about culture but this was more of a descriptive , academic thing and has little to do with the boogey man that people mean when they say `` cultural marxism '' . 
  generally if you 're basing the existence of a concept like `` cultural marxism '' on `` art student said x '' , `` twitter user said y '' , `` reddit comment said z '' , `` this google scholar search found a dozen obscure papers '' in the face of widespread disagreement from those more educated on the matter then you might want to just be a bit sceptical . 
   the kind of marxism that has delivered such gems as twitter feminism i do n't know how people delude themselves into thinking fucking twitter feminism of all things is a result of marxism . 
  if anything the rise in people exclusively pushing social issues like that is as a result of the lack of marxism following the collapse of the ussr that seemed to put all economic demands on hold for the left in general and pushed them to put extra emphasis on social issues to differentiate themselves . 
  looks like they 're a bit sensitive . 
   i would still rather be more likely to be attacked and be able to properly defend myself . 
  syria is awash with aks and plenty of targets if that 's what you want in life . 
  it 's not normal and it 's not a healthy thing for a society . 
  it 's just a warning from history to not tolerate any kind of behaviour like marching into what has become an enclave . 
  i do n't care how angry people are or how they think things * should * be , it 's guaranteed to escalate tensions . 
  something both isis and the far right want . 
  yes because these kinds of things would happen before the troubles broke out . 
  in belfast you have catholic enclaves that are in the middle of large protestant dominated areas . 
  hostile incursions into them lead to locals taking defensive measures . 
  it is to be expected in a situation like this . 
  the fact that the troubles happened has no bearing on the parallels between this incident and things that used to happen in northern ireland . 
  if anything you should be a bit more worried about these incidents increasing or escalating . 
  speaking from northern ireland if some loyalists decided to march down to a catholic neighbourhood in response to ira atrocities you can be damn sure catholic `` youths '' would get wind of it and you would expect them to show up to keep the loyalists out . 
  they might n't be the best of people at all but i would n't blame them for taking to their streets at the sign of a hostile incursion . 
  it 's grand . 
  i was born in the republic but live in the north . 
  i grew up on the border and have friends on family on both sides of it . 
  it might as well not be there as far as i 'm concerned . 
  the people are much the same with their own local variations . 
  some might sigh the northernners as a different people that we ca n't get along with but sure if we can handle getting along with the rest of the eu we can get along with these people who are as foreign to us as cork people . 
  not only went back home but showed up on the wrong side of the island too . 
  the rebellion was in the northern parts and the rebels had to march to the south to link up which pretty much destroyed the rebellion . 
  cira is also apparently unofficially split into two factions that are n't getting along . 
  often when these kinds of things seem to happen it is likely a case of the situation being somewhat different to what reddit understands it as . 
  i 'd say nine times out of ten when the news reports a person or organisation doing something that seems to make no sense whatsoever and that everyone looking on seems to know better it is due to lack of information on the part of the media and onlookers . 
  russian `` communists '' these days are a very strange bunch . 
  more like soviet ultra-nationalists than anything . 
  [ there were also criticisms regarding democracy from the german communist , rosa luxemburg at the time . 
  ] ( https://www.marxists.org/archive/luxemburg/1918/russian-revolution/ch08.htm ) i believe lenin also wrote a bit on the mistakes that were made in an effort to survive and described their situation as like a lonely fortress trying desperately to hold out in time for relief that never came . 
  he had few illusions about how good a job they were doing and did n't think they 'd achieve anything worth describing as socialism for a few decades at least . 
  if you want to see homophobia from the muslim community go away having lgtb groups doing things that the muslim community perceive as antagonistic would only further entrench homophobic sentiments . 
  showing support and solidarity with another group does tend to build some level of understanding between them . 
  you 're not going to convince some hate preacher but casual muslim people who care about the issue would probably appreciate it . 
  at the same time a balance must be found . 
  you ca n't blindly defend against all criticisms and you ca n't leave the likes of ex-muslims and gay muslims out to dry . 
  it 's a complex issue that will hopefully be dealt with better over time . 
  it reminds me of some of the riots and sectarian violence that irish people were involved in after emigrating to america and canada in the 19th century . 
  at one point the fenian brotherhood tried to invade canada . 
  if you look at some old anti-irish cartoons from the time the idea of them bringing their old conflicts to the new world with them seems to be a recurring them . 
  information only circulates quickly if people want to hear it . 
  you end up then with a whirlpool of selection bias . 
   people here do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  / r/europe in a nutshell . 
  and according to [ this timeline ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/44mnkw/top_french_general_arrested_by_police_in_calais/czrfg3m ) they allowed a protest there to go ahead before despite the state of emergency still in place but it turned violent so now they are n't giving allowing any protests in that area . 
  then these lads show up with with weapons and get charged accordingly . 
  i always find it interesting when r/europe gets outraged about something in a country but most of the outraged comments are by people not from there . 
  everyone knows by now that they do n't touch the jungle because it means it 's their problem to process them right ? 
  have people forgotten why it 's there in the first place ? 
   islamism is on the rise among muslim communities and why is this the case now ? 
  why is it that these ideas become appealing when they were n't before ? 
  you 'll find a lot of it goes back to those `` half truths '' . 
  something had to create the conditions for extreme ideas like this to become appealing . 
  `` britain get out of europe '', 
  that 's a very informative comment thanks !, 
  do you know by any chance if there was a history of activity in bulgaria similar to russian narodniks which would carry on into the bcp ? 
  as i mentioned elsewhere in response to another user , actions like the church attack seem more like that kind of strategy rather than a leninist one . 
  mass uprisings seems more comintern style than single bombings and i note that the comintern wished them to organise for an uprising alongside that attack before carrying it out . 
  that said the comintern was a messy thing that made a lot of mistakes . 
   later , the bcp organised the 1933 reichstag fire , again under comintern pressure . 
  by this time georgi dimitrov was head of comintern operations for western europe and a member of the central committee of the bcp . 
  i find this part confusing though . 
  is there really much actual evidence that the bcp had any part in the actual fire ? 
  as far as i can see it was the lone action of a dutch communist even though bulgarians were arrested over it . 
  perhaps they were also planning something but i do n't see anything that links them to organising the fire .
