lithuania had a man who did that to protest against the soviet occupation in 1972 . 
  his name was romas kalanta , we still remember him as a symbol of lithuanian strength and independendence . 
  although i have no idea if it has anything to do with bulgaria 's politics ( probably does ) , i hope she did n't do it in vain . 
  actually this year our national gas provider ( lietuvos dujos - probably not the right term , but whatever ) lowered the gas prices a bit . 
  ca n't say how , but they did it , 
  ... yes . 
  pretty much every old lady 's home . 
  dailymail , though . 
  if they had it their way , birmingham would 've never been born . 
  heh , the link says jew at the end ... 
  doubt there is one in the pic, 
  when did estonia get some ? 
  4 or 5 jets at any one time for a couple of months . 
  i 've been to our zokni\u0173 airbase where they are stationed about 4 years ago , i do n't think much could be done with that ** massive amount ** of forces . 
  i freaking hate how they destroy movies or tv shows by overlapping the sound actors ' voices with the original track . 
  and the same 4-6 people dub every single thing that comes into lithuania from abroad . 
  they should really stop doing it . 
  c2 lithuanian , c1 engrish , a2 russian . 
  my way to university : 2 , something kilometres to it , usually on a bicycle . 
  money down the drain, 
  i. . . do ? 
  ... i do !, 
  that is a great site , thanks !, 
  a revolution is needed for that, 
  a kilomegawatt is a lot of power , yo, 
  i have heard lots of jokes , all of them about eesti being slow . 
  it does happen . 
  bro love , no homo . 
  weeell maybe just a little, 
  i know a guy studying renewable energetics in denmark . 
  he 's a real nice person and i 've heard he made some cool projects worth wind turbines !, 
  of course it did, 
  see , the type of emigration the baltic countries had was mostly comrade stalin paying for a nice trip through mother russia . 
  people took the train and could really take in the scenery from their livestock train carts . 
  then they were even given actual work in the wide open spaces of siberia , since they could n't get one themselves back home , being intellectuals and all . 
  it was quite the time to be alive . 
  yeah , we had a border right next door to their capital . 
  have you ? 
  do n't think so ^ pls ^ halp ^ now, 
  but i like our horizontal stripes ... :( i mean it has a sun , some grass and lotas and lots of blood , what else do you need in a flag ? 
  two black hawks took off while i was there . 
  ermahgherd i loved the feels !!, 
  i had the chance ( like everyone that wanted ) to look at some parked apaches , chinooks and black hawks in kaunas . 
  they 're so damn sexy . 
  probably because they replaced us in that regard, 
  read influx by daniel suarez a couple of days ago . 
  do n't read and listen to music at the same time , cause when you listen to that same music later , you get the feels over the fact that the book is already read ... 
  brought it onto herself . 
  well i get annoyed by that is because if you 're living here , learn the damn language . 
  sounds like my kind of place . 
  wow , did n't think this show would get past episode 1 after i saw the trailer ... 
  it 's as bad as i thought it would be . 
   situated in * western * europe , lithuania shares borders with latvia , belarus , poland , and russia 's exclave , the kaliningrad oblast . 
  we made it , lithuania !!, 
  perkele shall smite our enemies . 
  or help them cause he 's not into discrimination of anyone . 
  cause he 's a fair perkele . 
  there 's no safe distance for us , baltic sea friend . 
  oh boy , there 's bad news about that ` going away ' thing ... 
  so they 've become a door for outsiders to use ? 
  yep it 's just an average of the population . 
  does n't mean much to wealthy or just individual people . 
  i think being the president of russia he can afford to get better health care than the common citizen can . 
  that ought to bump up his life expectancy quite a lot . 
  it 's pouring right now , rained half the day yesterday , the day before that a whole day , the day before that sprayed a bit and so on . 
  i know there are times of no rain but the general view of lithuania i have is it 's grey , dark and wet the whole year except for a few weeks in the summer when the heat lamp in the sky is turned up to high . 
  in lithuania there was a bit of snowing last week but there was n't enough to blanket everything . 
  it has been raining since . 
  just like it is all day every day in rainithuania ... 
  two years !, 
  what was the route he took ? 
  the photos are damn nice , great work on them . 
  and now it 's someone else 's too !, 
  oh yes everyone ought to be overjoyed with mother russia 's history with raping us every chance it can . 
  and the not so peaceful way it let lithuania go is another thing we should love . 
  and the import bans for 0 evidence , and the kidnapping and murder of our border guards cause they did n't feel like the border was real . 
  what i do n't get us how someone can have a rosy picture of russia when even now it 's ripping into ukraine , a sovereign country . 
  the apologists get really uncreative with how russia is the victim and everyone is biased against it without any reason . 
  they do n't gain anything . 
  russia just wants it 's smaller neighbours to fear it . 
  why ? 
  i do n't know , maybe for the current regime to stay in place with the flexing of it 's muscles . 
  maybe it 's to show they are as big of a power as they used to be in the bad old days . 
  russia is a mafia state that runs on oil and fear . 
  well , good thing you did n't try to defend russia from this at least . 
   russia is in a very weak position but that potentially makes them even more dangerous , the russians find enjoyment in terrorizing their neighbours ( as the past 20 years have shown ) and cornering them would probably make them even more aggressive . 
  intimidating to show they can do it at any time . 
  like the many times they 've `` drifted '' into the baltics . 
  come on that 's not fair , i believe they 've put lots of waste there as well . 
  the only circlejerk here is your inability to understand what everyone 's telling you . 
  and that 's really just a jerk off . 
  i know teslas are very loved in the norwegian arctic circle . 
  i think southern baltic winters would n't be a great challenge for them . 
  you know with the whole `` we 're not europe , we 're great britain ! '', 
  and other small things like that . 
  ideally they 'd stop being such unique primadonnas and get on with their lives the same way the majority of countries in the eu wants . 
  results so good they do n't even know they 're good !, 
  i mean , it is called sekmadienis . 
  so they got the names right is what i said . 
  lithuanian is go .
