  shushhhh , they do n't know that . 
  what ? 
  i 've only heard good things about lithuanian women . 
  what happened , mate ? 
  my relative hung himself in his village home . 
  also i 'm pretty sure there was a student in my university that hung themselves in a dorm . 
  that 's not how facts work . 
   this is a day for america and ukraine . 
  not everything has to be about you , norway . 
  have you heard of irony ? 
  maybeeeeeeeeee, 
  darn tootin ' that 's the view on some americans . 
  i do n't care what your baggage is , i meant your post that started it . 
  i believe you can judge that from the upvotes your posts and the posts of others got . 
  if enough people do n't get your joke it 's a problem with your delivery . 
  i 'm not sure you know how to show you 're joking , then . 
  you 're rooting for wars and against peaceful democratic relations ? 
  why ? 
  link the picture itself to not give imgur ad money !, 
   at least they tried for several years now they do n't give a crap about lithuania 's expressed concerns . 
  they are not , in fact , trying . 
  if it becomes dacia , the capital needs to be renamed to sandero . 
  yes , that must be exactly what they 're talking about . 
  those are some hot sausages . 
  heh , this thread just keeps on going . 
   wew , that 's some mad skills in triggering you got triggered , did n't you ? 
  see our polish friend u/mistrzmasarski is smarter than you . 
  just get along with your neighbours , damn . 
  glad you 're not overanalyzing it , then . 
  it 's a page from a book about rocketry , i believe it introduced the idea of a multi stage rocket . 
  oh cool i 've never heard about that !, 
  it 's a bit too modern though to fit in with all the wooden warship pride posts . 
  still , thanks for the interesting link . 
  yeah , it 's hard to not notice that . 
  ssh bby is ok, 
  [ i like how the author 's wiki page in english ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kazimierz_siemienowicz ) says he 's polish-lithuanian , lithuanian page says he 's lithuanian and the polish page says he 's polish . 
  movies and cartoons of them were on tv here . 
  i 've always thought luxembourg was just a city state like monaco , cool to learn this , 
  your president is naruto ? 
  probably slightly worse than america being run by trump 's overlord putin . 
  all i 'm hearing is excusing yourself for under performing . 
  i 'm pretty sure most eu countries wanted to economically punish russia for invading a country so close to home . 
  pffft we lost almost 34k last year . 
  get on our lvl lil bro . 
  i mean , good job on you for staying and not leaving your street just like loads of other people your age ? 
  no one likes the emigration but the only way is to improve economical security and opportunity within the country , not chain people down and tell them to stay cause it 's what your country wants ... 
  though your point is correct , eventually there will be 0 people left in the country and as the last one turns off the lights at the airport before boarding a plane , big bad putin will come in and claim the emptiness for his own . 
  and then carry on to byzantine roman empire !, 
  we had some sun yesterday , that 's enough of that for the whole winter . 
  speed runs are belong to us . 
  at least we 're the best at something . 
  looks like almost tied with lithuania . 
  ha , how 's that feel fake countrians ? 
  why is everyone so handsy all of a sudden ? 
  humidity here stays at constant 60-70 % levels and it sucks the life out of you . 
  that 's about the same amount in lithuania as well , at least in my social circles . 
  perhaps we 're just plebs , braliukas ? 
  why did you colour france and northern france differently ? 
  stop with lies , you warmongering beasts !, 
  ai n't no way we had 600 eur disposable income in 2014 , we 're probably even further off that figure as prices started rising like mad with the euro introduced . 
  nazi mods too op . 
  ye , that must also be the reason for you deleting your comment , friendo . 
  ukraine is n't real blah blah blah russia taking back its rightful clay blah blah blah you 're all idiots for not loving mother russia blah blah blah, 
  96 % voted to secede from ukraine , was it ? 
  that 's a completely plausible number on such big change . 
  i think they 've taken more than they should 've already ... 
  you drive a hard bargain . 
  throw in a 90 % discount and you got a deal . 
  nah , i was just standing next to my parents at the time , i did n't even open my mouth . 
  good thing they knew russian . 
  was in vilnius , our capital , a few years ago . 
  went into a bakery , the cashier spoke only russian . 
  it 's that bad . 
  only mentioned qatar at first try though . 
  that makes the fluid and added mass more dense , right ? 
  i could buy that . 
  of course !, 
  you let a cunt define you . 
  :( you want us to suffer just like you have with that reply of mine ? 
  i 've never looked at my country 's porn laws , there 's too much good shit elsewhere . 
  and as i read it , selling porn is illegal here , not watching/having it . 
  in essence we 're promoting porn as a human right . 
  it 's not called little usa for nothing . 
  you did n't say that directly , what you did was blame the finns for being mean to russia when they did n't want to give up their land and forcing them to invade for some amazing explanation you gave . 
   :( you know the nazi drafted units did n't have a choice , right ? 
  you either join or be sent off to camps/killed in the near future ? 
  same shit soviets drafting men into their army , you do n't have any thoughts on baltics being soviet sympathizers for that , do you ? 
  and that germany was fighting ussr at the time , both of which are invaders but even then the russians were treating local populations worse than nazis ? 
  there were ss units drafted all over europe , except most of the countries who fell to nazis were n't on the eastern border where the occupants changed 3 times . 
  that 's the only reason you can pin on baltics and maybe at a stretch on other eastern europeans for being sympathetic to nazis , which not true . 
  my grandfather and his brothers ran away from nazi recruitment , my grandmother hid in the forest from the russians . 
  fuck off out of here with your bs . 
  i saw the comments left above , i still think you have russia-bff agenda you 're trying to push ( and failing ) . 
  right on both accounts there . 
  closed down the old nuclear plant , yep . 
  a new one is in the works last i checked and the lng is already up and running . 
  what other similar things you got ? 
  well you also said finland brought the winter war on themselves for not giving up land to the ussr . 
  i wonder what you 're trying to get at with blaming the baltics for nazi sympathy !, 
  i went into the sources for that paragraph .
