  i 'm sure you wo n't mind a rather lengthy read . 
   the second soviet occupation was violently resisted from the start . 
  tens of thousands of lithuanians armed themselves against the invader . 
  the almost universal support for the resistance can be explained by several factors . 
  the lithuanian people had no illusions about the intentions of the soviets . 
  nearly anyone with a history of nationalism or open dissent had three choices : flee , join the resistance , or face the wrath of the soviets . 
  many relatives of resistance members had little choice . 
  relatives were occasionally executed as a deterrent to opposition . 
  hundreds , maybe thousands , took to the forests in order to escape conscription into the red army , where lithuanians were universally mistreated by russian officers and ncos . 
  some joined the resistance out of fear , since innocent peasants were often imprisoned merely to terrorize the nation . 
  the roman catholic church gave its support to the partisans ; indeed , many priests actively served in the resistance . 
  the battle lines were drawn and the lithuanian population was forced to resist the soviets en masse . 
  -  the cities of vilnius , panev\u0117\u017eys , marijampol\u0117 , and others were deeply affected by the dismantlement of the lithuanian detachment . 
  any resistance resulted only in suffering and greater sacrifice : 3,500 were arrested . 
  a part of those resisting were sent to forced labor camps in germany . 
  some of the armed soldiers inevitably reached the forests and undoubtedly joined the newly formed armed lithuanian underground to fight the second soviet occupation of lithuania . 
  the nazi germans ' attempts at incorporating the lithuanians into hitler 's war failed , thanks to lithuanian resistance and stubborness . 
  the opposition to forming a lithuanian ss legion was especially strong . 
  this is one of germany 's bitter failures in lithuania , as shown by the effort germany put into attempts at organizing a lithuanian ss legion . 
  gen. stasys ra\u0161tikis , former lithuanian commander in chief , carefully collected data about these events . 
  his conclusions are well suited here : `` larger nations than lithuania were not able to withstand the nazi german pressures . 
  they had to provide the germans with national ss legions , divisions , brigades , and other ss units . 
  the french , danes , norwegians , spaniards , horvatians , albanians , slovaks , romanians , hungarians , russians , uk-ranians , byelorussians , estonians , latvians , and others had formed such units . 
  the lithuanians and the poles were the only east europeans who did not provide the germans with an ss unit . '', 
  sooo what i see here is no one joined as volunteers and nazis did n't set up the partisans themselves . 
  also , i guess wikipedia is too easy to edit for propaganda on matters like these . 
  this guy would be the first to notice a draft . 
  [ thoroughly ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/880408582310776832 ) [ deserved ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/880410114456465411 ) [ bullying ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/621769901691113472 ) [ against ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/680877571542790144 ) [ bullies . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/841967881516679168 ) yep . 
  lived in gold plated apartment in his own tower with own name on in huge gold letters , while insisting it 's taller than actually is . 
  eccentricity can not be denied , the level of it though . 
  he 's such a warm person when he 's making fun of and bullying other people publicly . 
  he sure does sound like a guy someone would want to have as a friend . 
  if there 's no rush like ww3 , probably very late 2030 's - early 2040 's i 'd guess . 
  ca n't retract something so big !, 
  well how do you receive fuel ? 
  i 've only found that way to be effective . 
  maybe the britts use it as lube after the lube reserves run dry ? 
  23 degrees and still grey after raining . 
  have fun with your better weather !, 
  til finland is summer . 
  we 're like economic moths , attracted by higher wages . 
  in lithuania it 's people emigrating for higher paying jobs . 
  i '' ve heard about friends ' friends who go to norway to work as a builder for the summer then come back and basically be a couch potato for the rest of the year , but still have more money left over than they would if they 'd been working in lithuania . 
  that interpretation can also be correct if the spy was caught over some incompetent action , perhaps ? 
   and those who knew took a chance to become rich . 
  it is depressing to know your wealth was legally robbed by transitional tycoons , so many prefer nationalism as distraction . 
  talking about russia and not seeing the irony in those words is something . 
  you nordics really have run out of ways to spend money . 
  what 's next , some sort of infrastructure network for humans to walk on ? 
  i have , they 're all such nasty words . 
  i like planes and trains more . 
  but how does your business survive with all these unreasonable laws and regulations ? 
  go away wonder child , you 're not even in the competition for being worst at anything . 
  that 's amazing attention to detail !, 
  seems to be a plan for 2014-2020 funds . 
  that does n't mean they disappear into 0 after 2020 , just means the plan gets replaced with a new one . 
  croatia got some really magnificent roads on the mountains by the sea . 
  it 's a great experience . 
  all my short life i 've been told we paint them white so rabbits would n't nom nom the bark ... and i believed that 's the only reason despite only seeing rabbits in the wild like 4 times overall ... 
  thanks for opening my eyes . 
  you go girl !, 
  your german ancestry is strong . 
  dude lithuania is building it 's own liquid gas terminal just to be able to get off russian gas and have something to negotiate prices with . 
  can you please not attack poland for doing the same ? 
  i think the article is lying , that would mean half of our forces were going out there !, 
  i ca n't imagine how it 's a relevant date/event . 
  in that case yes , i did not understand it that way . 
  your wording blames gay people for breaking the law . 
  yes !, 
  we would be at the bottom again , but this time in the bad order . 
  feels bigger than it looks . 
  not by much , but a little . 
  that 's persecution for sexual orientation , though . 
  so your laws are shit . 
  why are you in a very anti-eu position ? 
  it 's not gay if it 's in a three-way ? 
  good , he 's an awful man leading a dangerous regime . 
  i 've not seen anything suggest we 've got a selfish attitude ? 
  more or less every week there 's pics or an article even on this sub about how baltics are happy for nato allies being there and how welcome they are to have their support . 
  besides , nato is policing the baltic skies for years now , i do n't think anyone could even make a solid point about our allies being selfish . 
  no shit , jonnyrocketm4n . 
  we 're a tiny country having to recover from communism . 
  which means healthcare , transport , social securities , wages , infrastructure all need to be a priority . 
  and lots of those are a part of why we 've got so many emigration to the uk , for example . 
  so guess we better get that sorted for you to get less shit as well . 
  `` we 're '' raising the % of military spending but it 's not a lot of difference either way , realistically . 
  what do you suggest we do instead of relying on alliances ? 
  good point . 
  i 'm not an islander , i know that . 
  true , but i think no other country is as chuffed with having a neighbour on their continent with a carrier as europe with uk . 
  just feels weird . 
  it should feel nice , but feels weird claiming it for europe as a whole . 
  no i do n't think i made it unwittingly , actually . 
  it 's gon na be interesting to see how defence politics unfold , imo . 
  uk wants to distance itself from the continent for one reason or another and being in the geographical position that they 're in , there 's not that big of an incentive to chip in with the rest of europe , or just eu , to make sure everyone can sleep well at night . 
  anyway , i do n't know actually know if this makes any sense , i ca n't unjumble the thought in my head . 
  i kinda like it from this angle . 
  looks pretty pretty with the arch away from the foundation . 
  hmm it 's a bit of a middle finger to the uk to call it `` europe 's first super-carrier '' after all that talk and brexit and stuff ...
