  this does n't mean we 're gon na ally with russia r/europe . 
  we 're just trying to calm tensions . 
  we 've got a good chance in athletics too . 
  farah and rutherford could win again but i think johnson - thompson will beat ennis . 
  i do n't really mind as long as they 're british !, 
  did you watch the track cycling last night ? 
  the last time i checked we had one olympic team representing the sovereign state of great britain and northern ireland . 
  it 's not the same at all . 
  congratulations , you 've won the award for most pointless table of the week . 
  it 's a lie is it ? 
  ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/07/30/brexit-fails-boost-support-scottish-independence ), 
  errmmmm no it 's not . 
  a vote to remain in the eu in scotland was not a vote for another referendum or independence . 
  polls a few weeks ago showed that scots prefer being out of eu and in uk over in eu and out of uk , which only seems logical imo . 
  why turn your back on a 310 year old union with proud history , culture and huge economic benefits for a 40 year old union which is stalling at best some economic benefits . 
  it 's called common sense mate . 
  greenland is an island that is semi autonomous and 1000 miles away from denmark . 
  scotland is connected to the rest of the uk and staying in the eu would mean tariffs for trade with the u.k. 65 % of scotland 's trade is with the rest of the uk . 
  there would have to be border checks between uk regions , which is not going to happen . 
  sturgeon knows this , and is just trying to promote her ridiculous vision of economic disaster to any junior minister in europe who will listen . 
  there wo n't be exceptions . 
  sturgeon knows that, 
  the person she met was a junior minister by the way . 
  it wo n't work, 
  there will never be a federal europe . 
  accept that . 
  i would n't have voted remain if i believed it was actually going to happen . 
  well said , people on this sub act as if everyone in europe is more european than danish ( for example ) , when that simply is n't the case . 
  there is no demand for federalism amongst the european population , and the biggest hint of that should be that the 3rd largest state is leaving . 
  i want to be in the eu ( i voted remain ) but i do n't want a federal europe and do not have in eu identity , like nearly all brits . 
  besides , the olympics are politically neutral, 
  turkey is not going to attack anyone, 
  most working people across europe do n't want a united states of europe . 
  countries like italy and france will leave , they wo n't end their nationhood for a use wanted only by the political elite . 
  i voted remain in our eu referendum but will be glad my side lost if a federal europe or united army come to fruition . 
  people do n't want it . 
  more countries will leave . 
  that 100 million is coming from the scottish governments budget underspend ... . 
  it shows commitment to the eu but im sure she sees herself as italian . 
  p.s any attempt at federalisation would be extremely unpopular and destroy the eu , it 's fine in its current level of power . 
  i doubt she considers the eu as her country , given its not a country and never will be . 
  our navy is n't dying . 
  it 's just the size needed in the current era . 
  do n't forget that we 're building two gigantic aircraft carriers on the clyde and a new series of frigates . 
  agreed , as long as turkey is committed to nato , nato should be committed to turkey . 
  that seems totally believable ... . . 
  it should n't be . 
  turkey is a strategically important part of nato . 
  giving up influence over the bosphorus straight would be disastrous . 
  not completing brexit would be worse for the country at this point, 
  ireland is not a parasite . 
  it is a non aligned nation that requires very little defence funding . 
  edit : non aligned, 
  agreed . 
  the roi should have control over when raf forces can act , anything other than that would be a breach of ireland 's sovereignty . 
  but the dude in the article said he would n't want to shoot down a hijacked plane because '' intelligence services could have it wrong '', 
  not wanting raf jets to shoot down hijacked airplanes is an utterly ridiculous stance . 
  oooooh , i 'm gon na give corbyn some ice for that burn . 
  we will leave . 
  the ruling party , the tories , will be destroyed if they do n't trigger article 50 . 
  i wish we were n't leaving , but the consequences of ignoring the referendum result would be huge . 
  i hope we can rejoin the eu if it changes at some point , but for now we have to leave . 
  it 's a world power with an financial centre, 
  it is in the eu 's interests to secure a deal with the u.k. 
  many european markets export heavily to the uk and will want to keep those exports . 
  you are deluded if you think that is going to happen . 
  the u.k. is too influential economically , politically and culturally to struggle outside the eu . 
  the economy will inevitably stall for a few years but will return to where it was before the referendum in due course . 
  the tories ( my party ) will be destroyed if they do n't carry out brexit . 
  i voted remain but the post referendum economy is doing much better than osborne and cameron said it would . 
  the narrative that britain is turning into a shitshow is simply wrong . 
  be wary , the polls started at around 60-40 remain here and leave clawed back ( unfortunately ) . 
  other member states could have a boost in eurosceptism if the eu does n't get its shit together . 
  they were doing everything to avoid a second cataclysmic war . 
  in hindsight that was wrong . 
  when germany invaded poland we declared war , but our forces were not ready and attacking germany would be suicide . 
  we did n't win a land battle until 1942 . 
  obviously our defensive alliances meant something or we would n't have declared war on germany . 
  even today we have forces in eastern europe , deterring putin, 
  how did we throw you under a bus ? 
  the war was decided on all fronts , east , west , pacific , african . 
  all of the allies were key , uk , free french , usa , canada , australia , ussr . 
  my grandfather fought in sicily , and if he was alive today he 'd tell you that it was not an ` expensive stunt ' you can not downplay the joy of liberated italians as a stunt . 
  the pressure on the italian front helped speed up the war . 
  the eu should be devolving powers back to nations to secure its future , not pushing for ever closer union against the will of the people . 
  the allies were not a unified army . 
  they were a distinct group of entities working together in close co operation for the greater good . 
  i voted remain but if it emerges that a european army is on the horizon i 'll withdraw my support for the european project . 
  the european people dont want a unified army , and trying to create one will piss off everyone outside of france and germany . 
  there does n't need to be a unified army , simply an alliance of armies , a la ww2, 
  taking further sovereignty from eu states will lead to more countries leaving the eu . 
  it 's this kind of shit that made us vote leave . 
  an eu army is n't wanted by the european people . i do n't understand how it would deter russia at all, 
  an eu army would make little difference except for boosting euroscepticism, 
  je suis everywhere, 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic . 
  privatising the nhs means selling it off to the highest bidder , destroying the legitimacy and quality of the nhs . 
  agreed . 
  i have no problem accepting syrian refugees but the amount of economic migrants from north africa and afghanistan coming into europe is simply not sustainable . 
  the larger crowds make it easier for terrorists to sneak in .
