  you really overestimate his popularity . 
  what ? 
  izzard is not popular at all . 
  his poor debating performance has made his reputation worse . 
  * if * he ran for mayor he would scrape 3-4 % of the vote , do n't kid yourself . 
  i think companies should pay fair tax , but if ireland does n't want to charge them properly that should be their choice to make, 
  maybe there 's a good reason for big businesses backing better together ... ... 
  and turning their backs on a 300 year old union ... 
  yeah , that 's not gon na happen turkey . 
  that 's a bit cheeky, 
  this is correct . 
  we will suffer enough , do n't kamizake the united kingdom . 
  til i am an island monkey . 
  to quote star wars ' the tighter you grip , more systems slip through your grasp ', 
  ok , i get it you 're deluded . 
  the u.k. is too big to fail and most people do n't want to see a powerful nato member and trading partner get fucked . 
  yes support has risen temporarily but punishing the uk even though brexit will be hard hitting will boost the stupid narrative that the eu is tyrannical . 
  that comes across as a bit dictator like , and will piss a lot of people off everywhere if that 's the stance the eu takes . 
  yes and and any effort to punish the uk for making a choice will boost the anti eu narrative everywhere . 
  leaving without special favours will make the economy weaker but if the eu actively makes the lives of british people even worse there will be anger across europe . 
  they wo n't let the uk have the good things without the negatives , but punishing the uk will boost euroscepticism across europe . 
  the uk should not get to cherry pick , but any effort to punish the uk harshly for making a democratic decision will harm europe just as much . 
  go ahead if you want to boost euro scepticism, 
  unnecessary brazil bashing here . 
  the rio games have been great . 
  combining 27 nations puts them on top . 
  stop the press , this is unheard of !, 
  he would n't , he 's not an idiot . 
  their uk residence is not at risk ffs . 
  sturgeon is using them to gain political capital . 
  oh , it 's a british `` territory '' then , bit odd an odd set up but it works . 
  jersey is a crown dependency is n't it ? 
  it 's a semi autonomous part of the u.k. . you hold a british passport do n't you ? 
  ttip is between us and eu mate . 
  that 's not going to be popular . 
  as a briton i feel exactly the same . 
  he has the support of his members but his members are n't the electorate you dimwit . 
  my left arsecheek would have a better chance of winning an election . 
  no , our opposition is led by an incompetent marxist republican . 
  labour will be decimated next election . 
  no i said article 50 will be triggered in 2017 at the latest and you know it you liar . 
  it probes it frequently . 
  we scramble typhoons to escort them away . 
  yes they are stripped of their national identity . 
  most people do n't want a united europe just strong regional co-operation through the eu, 
  well put , no one here seems to fucking realise that . 
  trying to calm tensions is n't throwing ukraine under the bus is it ? 
  you forget that we 're in nato with troops in eastern europe and that russia violates are airspace frequently . 
  crap . 
  sorry , i was triggered . 
  there was something similar to this yesterday . 
  we 're trying to normalise frosty relations , not ally with russia . 
  it 's like people forget we 're members of nato and russia frequently violates our airspace . 
  remember scotland , how they never wanted to leave the uk and delivered a resounding no vote two years ago ? 
  scotland would be out of the eu if they voted yes as well btw, 
  they get to leave the eu `` bureaucracy '' whilst retaining the key cta and freedom of movement , it will be unpopular at first but people will realise the benefits . 
  i 'm willing to keep freedom of movement to retain the cta, 
  you are an idiot if you think nazi germany and modern russia are similar . 
  what a ridiculous thing to say . 
  how are these things remotely related ? 
  trying to calm tensions is exactly what he was trying to do . 
  not going to happen . 
  that issue is a powder keg , do n't light the flames, 
  why are some on r/europe so desperate to see the uk and spain break up ? 
  same here . 
  spain breaking up would be a disaster . 
  the spanish government wo n't allow the breakup of the kingdom of spain , so nothing will happen . 
  ( accept more ignored referendums ), 
  we should n't start brexit until we find a way to secure the common travel area in ireland . 
  the fragile peace there will be interrupted if we do n't . 
  i 'm not an english nationalist . 
  surely being a unionist means i 'm a british patriot . 
  shouting that i voted leave even though i did n't is n't making your case very good . 
  i recognise the benefits of the eu as an economic trade block but i and most people across europe are opposed to federalism, 
  being a unionist does n't make me an english nationalist does it ? , it means i 'm proud of my country , the united kingdom . 
  being opposed to federalism and not having a eu identity does n't mean i 'm a leave voter . 
  p.s why do you have a uk flag as your flair if you 're a nationalist , 
  i voted remain . 
  just because i 'm pointing out your bullshit does n't mean otherwise . 
  being anti-federalist does n't make me a nutty brexiteer . 
  you literally said i was full of shit a minute ago , am i getting to you . 
  you 're ignoring it because it does n't suit your narrative , if it showed support for indy you would be linking it . 
  the snp are pushing for indyref two , not most of the population . 
  another poll showed only 16 % of scots want a referendum as soon as possible . 
  i voted remain 2 . 
  brexit will be bad for britain 3 you are full of shit . 
  4 . check your inbox for the poll link i sent you , or are you ignoring it because it shows you 're full of crap ? 
  you are a deluded cunt mate . 
  the snp want indyref2 not all of scotland you idiot . 
  i literally linked you a poll from last week showing that they prefer uk over eu , and you 're ignoring it . 
  you are a typical stereotype of a r/europe poster . 
  edit : i was playing nice until he started insulting me rather than my argument . 
  you literally linked to the brexit page on wikipedia and are saying a poll by the uks most reputable poster is a lie . 
  you are deluded . 
  in q4 2017 at the latest . 
  til two months after huge vote with giant implications and negotiations that will take two years at best = keeps postponing, 
  not even remotely true . 
  who have we stabbed in the back ? 
  if you think brexit is a stab in the back that 's hilarious , people are disillusioned with the eu here, 
  we 're not postponing it , just waiting till we have trade negotiators and an agreed approach .
