true , but the development of some areas is pretty huge, 
  no it 's not , its actually really pleasant in most places, 
  any future war would be nuclear though . . 
  london is a great city with great people and great culture . 
  you are a bit deluded . 
  ever been to london ? 
  yes ... for example lewisham is shitty but i still go there , i 'm not scared for my life when i do go . 
  there 's no no go areas though ... 
  i assume they mean too dangerous to visit , which is bullshit, 
  what ? 
  ummmm , there are n't any no-go areas in london , there 's some shitholes , but no no go areas . 
  really , because the top five or so comments are all saying he 's right ... 
  ussr fell though , and a shitload of blood was invested in that . 
   that wo n't happen ever , like ever , ftfy, 
  why are you wishing the uk to suffer and struggle after brexit ? 
  come on , do you really believe eu citizens would give up their independence . 
  the people of europe would n't want that , more integration yes , but full political union no . 
  ummm , because the eu is not a country . 
  refugees are welcome , ridiculous amounts of economic migrants are not . 
  bit over the top , i voted remain but it 's the same country it was on june 23rd . 
  well they 're wrong . 
  that is some bullshit , the u.k. is not reliant on the eu . 
  world power , not a superpower . 
  err , no, 
  the uk is a great power and will remain so . 
  it 's not the tories doing it , it 's an independent commission . 
  i think he was a good prime minister , apart from the eu debacle , which was his downfall . 
  for fucks sake , if they 'd started doing this before the referendum we would have voted remain . 
  this could actually be good for the uk . 
  some businesses that would otherwise leave for europe could stay if we set a favourable tax rate . 
  the u.k. is way more important to scotland economically . 
  a british flair means i support brexit ? 
  by referring to the existence of the deluded scottish national party . 
  yeah , i wish we 'd followed the spanish governments example tbh . 
  come on ffs that 's some bullshit . 
  the spanish government will simply never allow a referendum . 
  also , spain is n't a regime it 's a democracy . 
  will never happen . 
  ahhhh , deluded nationalists . 
  i empathise with spain . 
  you 're a bit deluded . 
  british identity and european identity are not similar . 
  people with union flags are showing pride for their country , not pushing an agenda . 
  how ? 
  it 's british music being played in britain listened to by british people . 
  it wo n't . 
  it 's a shame they 're politicising the event . 
  scotland does n't want out though . 
  the uk is more important than the eu . 
  that is very misleading . 
  there 's no appetite for it amongst the population , it would be a diplomatic nightmare . 
  no , sturgeon knows she wo n't win until the financial case improve , scots are more sensible when voting than the rest of the u.k. 
  i thought our flour was normal tbh, 
  i 'm a bremainac but some of us are hostile to the believed trade-off of sovereignty and a lack of appetite towards further integration . 
  some of those questions are annoyingly stupid . 
  that 's why i voted remain . 
  hey , i 'm not saying davis is competent lol . 
  he 'll damage both the uk and eu economies to ` make an example . 
  what a shit choice . 
  put someone who wont damage both economies in charge . 
  edit : ~ ~ realist ~ ~ damage economies, 
  let what go , a strong union which has public support and is a world power !, 
  well that is a fucking big deal . 
  ummm . 
  it is , being partisan is not advisable, 
  that 's not going to work regarding the border . 
  northern ireland is across the irish sea and makes it easier to keep the border open , passport checks will just happen at stranraer instead . 
  the scottish people will never vote for independence if they believe it will leave them worse off , which is the view currently held . 
  really , because once we leave the eu independence becomes a harder sell , scots wo n't vote for a hard border with england . 
  ex snp minister alex neil also holds this view . 
  how am i going on about the ` big bad jocks ' by saying that scotlland is a key part of the united kingdom . 
  the u.k. is ran by the british for the british . 
  luckily it will stay that way for the forseeable future . 
  you sound like a brexit voter , only more deluded . 
  no , but it 'll be a damn sight better than independence in the eu, 
  worth pointing out that scotland would be out of the eu if it had voted yes . 
  it is though . 
  i am a citizen of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  scotland is a key part of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  not remotely similar . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  the act of union passed by both the english and scottish parliaments in 1707 ? 
  not wanting my country to break up is vile ? 
  shhhhh they ca n't listen to economic reasons . 
  ( unless it 's brexit of cause . ), 
  they may be closer than before but the views of the 55 % and 45 % are solidified right now , so there would n't be as much to gain . 
  i hope one day venice gains it 's independence ... stop advocating the break up of my country , you would n't like it if i talked about your country that way . 
  scots are opposed to a second independence referendum before brexit by 50 % to 37 % . 
  it 's difficult not be over the potential destruction of my nation . 
  its happening , to pretend otherwise is ludicrous . 
  i dread to think about sarkozy vs le pen , they 're both awful . 
  same here , gutted on referendum night but it has to happen now , the consequences of ignoring it would be far worse . 
  i do n't think so . 
  sadiq is popular and there is significant tory presence in greater london . 
  if he stands he 'll get 10 % at best , but it 'll probably be lower than that ( 3-4 % ) . 
  a certain mr galloway stood for mayor and it did n't go well , despite the predictions of his twitter brigade . 
  izzard is n't qualified to run europe 's biggest city , and he 's disliked by most . 
  he wont win the labour nomination , and he wo n't stand a chance as an independent . 
  ah yes , the old ` you called me out so you 're right wing ' argument . 
  hahaha you 're using self selecting unweighted internet polls which anyone anywhere can vote in as evidence .
