  some real 1984 vibes going on here . 
  at war with eastasia ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  eastasia have always been our greatest allies !, 
  eurasia are our enemies !, 
  you know the rules of russian dialogue : if i 'm right i 'm right and if you 're right i 'm still right . 
   bill gates made an os that 's used by the largest part of the developed world  david gilmour world class guitarist  j.k. rowling writer these are n't business peole . 
  this has nothing to do with job creation and the contribution of unions . 
  i thought it was quite obvious what kind of people i was talking about given the context of the article . 
  i 'm claiming that no one did it since the industrial revolution except for him , which is why we need unions . 
  letting employers do what they want is what made the industrial society so shitty for most people . 
  yeah tell me how that worked out after the industrial revolution, 
  one guy . 
  one fucking guy . 
  you base the argument that the world would be a better place if we let scum like the koch brothers or mcdonalds do whatever they like because 1 guy almost 100 years ago did n't * completely * screw over his workers ? 
  well in this world it 's hard to become rich wiithout being cold-hearted . 
  if you want to give your employees more than absolutely necessary , you are n't gon na make it . 
  unions are against employers you say ? 
  well , employers are against employees . 
  they want the most amount of labour for the least amoun of money . 
  which is why we need unions . 
  to balance everything out . 
  china purposefully keeps their economy deflated to be in a better trade position . 
  and the working class suffer the consequences . 
  yeah , definitely not the unions that gave us a safe work place , social security , reasonable work times and wages ... 
  it was the rich capitalists that suddenly decided `` you know what ? 
  i could do with less money '' . 
  there 's a huge conflict of interest . 
  in an economic sense , employees want to do the least amount of work possible for the most amount of money and employers want to get the most amount of labour for the least amount of money . 
  and the employers are in a position of power . 
  without unions , workers are to do what they are told , no matter how ridiculous . 
  which is what we saw before unionization : workers working 14 hour days for a poverty wage in an unsafe and unhealthy environment . 
  people dying due to the terrible conditions while the employers raked in the cash . 
  you 're stuck in the american perspective . 
  over here , liberals = free market conservatives we have liberals and socialists . 
  but since socialist does n't really work in the us , they went and called themselves liberals . 
  i only think it 's kinda ironic that the english conservatives say they need to be a part of the uk for economic reasons . 
  so why do n't you wan na be part of the eu then ? 
  yes , it became part of the german empire after the franco-prussian war . 
  thing is , it was an important industrial area . 
  so france taking it back played a significant role in the destruction of the german economy , decrease in the weimar republic 's legitimacy and ultimately the rise of the german anti-democratic movement . 
  so fuck all the people that were forced to fight , were subjected to huge amounts of propaganda , right ? 
  fuck the poles that were forced to fight the russians on the eastern front . 
  fuck the germans that had no reason to doubt the propaganda that the enemy would kill their families , because they did n't know any better , right ? 
  by '' left in ruin '' you mean a 30 km by 600 km strip of land ( at best ) ? 
  what ruined germany was the versailles treaty . 
  the french took alzac-lorraine from germany , and took control of the largest german industrial region on top of that . 
  meanwhile , the germans were forced to pay massive reparations . 
  so the germans lost the best part of their workforce , the best part of their industry , and were forced to pay a ridiculous amount of reparations on top of that . 
  are you serious ? 
  monarchs can be women . 
  hell , the longest reigning monarch ever is a woman . 
  the white thing is only because europeans are natively caucasian . 
  you have black monarchs in africa and asian monarchs , like the japanese emperor , in asia . 
  monarchy has nothing to do with sexism or racism . 
  speaking as a dutch monarchist : it 's a good thing to have a non-partisan , apolitical head of state . 
  an elected head of state will always be elected based on his views/practices relative to those of others , and unless it 's a 100 % in favour vote , people are gon na be alienated . 
  which is what happening in america . 
  conservatives do n't feel obama represents the united states . 
  if you have a non-elected monarch with tight historical ties to your country , people are always gon na feel represented . 
  our monarch is a descendant of the first leader of the dutch revolt . 
  the name of orange-nassau has close ties to dutch history , and are always gon na represent the people . 
  americans are always gon na feel george washington represents the united states . 
  to have a descendent of him represent your country would be something both republicans and democrats could get behind . 
  in history though ? 
  the two have not a lot to do with each other . 
  yes , us history is very interesting , but it 's not * nearly * as diverse as european history . 
  i only know the more detailed history of modern china , the modern us , england and the netherlands . 
  if you go to scandinavia , everything is different . 
  you go to the baltic states , you get a whole new story . 
  you get to the balkans , and you can start over again . 
  and with all those histories come cultures . 
  american subcultures are mostly dictated by relative changes within mostly anglo-saxon culture and foreign influences , over a period of 150-250 years . 
  european cultures are dictated by changes within armenian/turkic culture and foreign influences - over the course of several thousands of years . 
  it 's important to know that almost all of the 20 million chinese were civillians , killed either by bombers or in cold blood . 
  being rude to politicians abusing the system is more than warranted i think, 
  that 's why we only receive the ballots at the polling station, 
  germany and france are number 4 and 5 . 
  why decline an allience with those ? 
  funny how the people who argue that the uk is better off without the eu , in the same breath , say that scotland seceding would be economic suicide . 
  as i said , yes , you can defend an authoritarian workplace . 
  but you ca n't if you 're in favour of a democratic system of politics . 
  everything you said about companies can be said about countries . 
  yes . 
  authoritarian countries are more efficient . 
  just look at china and nazi germany . 
  but that doe n't mean you want to live in such a system . 
   fuck you . 
  i 'm in a typical company ( read : founder run ) and i assure you i 've created 10x more value than any employee we 've hired that is n't a major equity holder by now . 
  so no , the workers do not `` do everything '' , that 's just plain wrong . 
  then , appearantly , you 're not the run-of-the-mill ceo . 
  i 'm talking about huge companies , like mcdonalds , apple , phillips , etc. 
  all the added value that the lower level employees add to the company , gets cut in half . 
  half goes to the employee ; half goes to the company . 
  guess when that would n't happen ? 
  that would n't happen if employees have a say . 
  about the trickle-down economics thing : because you advocate lower corporate taxes ( or that 's how it seemed ) . 
  i 'm 18 . 
  i work at a large grocery store chain . 
  the free market can not work .
