  it requires consumers to have perfect rationale and perfect information , which is physically impossible , due to the existence of marketing alone . 
  it requires companies to have perfect competition , which means they are completely equal in opportunity : there can be no boundries to enter a market on the production side , because this will mean existing companies have the edge over new ones . 
  this means that you do n't need machinery , employees , etc. 
  to compete . 
  which is impossible . 
  if you 're gon na reduce the amount of boundaries , big companies are gon na get bigger while small companies will die out . 
  we 'll have to deal with monopolies . 
  please do n't try to school me on the free market . 
  there 's much more to it than `` hurr durr supply and demand you do n't understand economics '' . 
  if consumers were able to pin-point exactly how much they think something is worth an sich for them , if they were able to examine every single product in existence to determine its value for them , if companies were able to enter the free market without boundaries , if employees were so socially and physically mobile that they could quit their job and work somewhere else if they were underpaid , the free market would work . 
  but these requirements are physically impossible , so it ca n't work . 
  yes , you are free to quit your job . 
  so were the people during the industrial revolution . 
  and if , in a feudal system , peasants were allowed to leave and go to a different lord , would things be much different ? 
  if everyone pays less tax , there 's less money for public services that even everything out , like benefits , public transport , education , environmental subsidies programs , neutralisation of negative external effects etc. 
  also , if you want more money for everybody - you still need to get rid of capitalism . 
  because in capitalism , the wealthy can buy shares and get more wealthy without lifting a finger or contributing anything physical to society . 
  wealth accumulates at the top , because the wealthy own the means of production . 
  the system of capitalism is built upon discrimination of the working class . 
  people who have more money spend less of it . 
  the ultra rich have more money than they could ever spend in 10 lifetimes . 
  and if they do they spend it on specialised products . 
  for example , how many people exactly are gon na profit from a hand made high - end sports car ? 
  maybe 10 people , tops . 
  also , do you know how stupid you soud ? 
  you 're basically saying `` give more money to the ultra rich . 
  trust me , it will help us '' . 
  it 's a pyramid scheme . 
  seriously , this crisis was just about the worst thing that could have happened and we made it through relatively undamaged . 
  yet the far right parties are acting like a small child that fell over and now has a scratch on his knee , and start screaming like they 're mortally wounded . 
  we made it through the crisis way better than the rest of the world . 
  hell , we 've even seen unprecedented growth in some parts of eastern europe thanks to the european union . 
  about democratizing the economy - companies are run by a small elite of people . 
  the workers have nothing to say about it . 
  and the interests of the workers are opposite to those of the ceos . 
  if we want democracy in politics , there really is no way to defend authoritarianism in the workplace . 
  it 's in the worker 's best interest to sell their products for a reasonable price , like the ceos . 
  but ceos , more often than not , choose to screw over the workers in favour of the share holder 's interest ( and with that his own interests - the shareholders give him bonuses ) . 
  even though the workers do everything , produce products , in effect creating everything we have . 
  and still , the workers are at the bottom of the food chain . 
  it 's no better than feudalism . 
  what 's the point of democracy in politics , if we have to unconditionally adhere to a regime of ceos for the best part of the day ? 
  also , you appear to defend trickle down economics . 
  trickle down economics is bullshit . 
  recently , boeiing received a huge tax break . 
  right after , they announced lay-offs . 
  if companies receive extra money , it goes straight into the ceo 's and share holders ' pockets , as they will be running at minimal expenses in the first place . 
  in fact , the only way trickle down economics can work is by increasing consumption , as that will increase production , so companies will * have * to hire more people . 
  and the best way to increase consumption is ( shocker ) to give more money to the consumer . 
  this may be received bad , but when you think of it , his politics are some kind of national socialism ... 
  1956 revolution ? 
  romania ? 
  stands for democrats '66 ( the year they were established ), 
  and this is the problem . 
  they see that the pension system is being reformed , but they ca n't see that the life expectancy increased by 10 years , that the amount of old people is increasing relatively , that less peopple have to bring up more money in a worse economy , and they * still * want more money . 
  and they ca n't shut up about solidarity . 
  we all have to live off of less . 
  if you truly want solidarity , you 'd be happy to get less . 
  god damn it , fuck 50plus . 
  it 's a party that revolves entirely around the idea that the current generation sucks , that the younger generation is leeching off of the elderly 's pensions , even though the amount of pensioners is growing and the amount of working people is declining . 
  once again , the baby boom generation flying its true colours , trying to squeeze every last penny out of the rest . 
  build a wall . 
  build checkpoints . 
  shoot anyone that tries to cross . 
  oh , i can already see it happening ... `` je suis un bruxellois ! '' ... 
  and `` mr. rutte , tear down this wall ! '', 
  then ... what about brussels ? 
  can we have a blockade so that the walloons will have to airlift supplies to the walloon part of brussels ? 
  and can we build a wall , too ? 
  we have cars , we just do n't use them, 
  some americans pay $ 150 per month for 100 mb, 
  this is not america we 're talking about . 
  and you 're way too paranoid . 
  parents ca n't always control their children . 
  and i sure as hell would n't want them to . 
  also , parents do n't have access to a couple of dozen of researchers and experts . 
  seriously , might as well drink a coffee and keep your heart beating for a couple years longer . 
  the dutch is actually both `` bird-snout '' and `` beak-animal '' . 
  `` vogelbekdier '' literally means bird-snout animal, 
  i didi n't read the article , [ i read the first-hand account that the article was based on ] ( http://axeofreason.blogspot.co.uk/2014/05/you-are-not-allowed-to-read-this-blog.html ) . 
  also , did you even read my comment ? 
  i said that the police would n't respond to some random complaint , but they do respond if it 's a political party making the complaint . 
  * asked to . 
  * i read the first-hand account of the blogger on / r/socialism . 
  while they were n't forced to remove it , they were asked to . 
  the implications are kinda scary , because when some random person would go to the police and ask them to go to someone 's house because they said something bad on facebook , they 'd get laughed at . 
  you really do n't want the police to enforce the pr/propaganda of a political party . 
  political parties are supposed to represent you , so whe raising awareness gets you a police visit , something 's wrong . 
  ever been abroad ? 
  how glad are you about english when you 're in a country that you do n't know the language of ? 
  you 're really putting yourself out there when you 're asking for directions or something . 
  and to laugh at people who do that is a huge fuck you . 
  hypocrite ? 
  please , do n't give me that shit . 
  you guys are the only exception . 
  if you want diversity , how about the armenians just speak armenian in their announcements , next time ? 
  or the fins ? 
  thing is , you insist on speaking french when it matters most , and no-one likes your stubbornness and smugness about the matter . 
  if you guys would just participate with ievan polka each year you 'd win every time . 
  next time the armenians should say everything in armenian .
