  let 's see how much fun we 'll have, 
  and so does all of russia , confirming for them that they are dealing with fascists that hate glorious mother rossiya, 
  [ ow , come on now , it 's quite obvious they were ] ( http://imgur.com/zkxffhk ), 
  if it was putin standing on that stage , you 'd be right . 
  but he was n't , so you 're not . 
  just guessing , but i think it 's because a persona , a gimmick won , rather than a song . 
  then again , it 's just eurovision . 
  yup . 
  got ta have the black guy . 
  even if you 're in russia . 
  meh , i think it was in the same style as armenia , but armenia did it much better . 
  tovarish f\u00fchrer . . lel i can only guess the subtitle says triumph of the blitzkrieg second : tovarish hitler , ( ... ) churchill, 
  i could easily * go * there . 
  too cheerful ? 
  you can go to any country and selectively take photographs . 
  i could easily go to the us or maybe even countries like sweden or germany and make it look as bad as the picutres of romania . 
  oh you 'd absolutely love france, 
  it 's really fucking annoying when people get all cocky about it . 
  you know , the whole learn fucking american thing . 
  also annoying with tourists that act like they own the place , while their own vocabulary in another language is limited to `` hello , my name is ... '' , if not nothing at all . 
  you do n't get a lot of these , though . 
  but most of the time i do n't really care . 
  it makes communication way easier , and now especially , leaning english is barely any effort for most people . 
  also less busy roads so more outdoor cats, 
  oh i remember when i was a kid , my parents were so happy to see me coming back inside with cat shit stains all over my pants . 
  the teachers at my school were so happy to see cats shitting in the sand pit and burying it . 
  rodents that other people own , like rabbits ? 
  shitting in other people 's garden ? 
  entering people 's houses ? 
  winding up lined dogs ? 
  you seen my flair ? 
  anyway , in essence , communism is n't all that different from socialism . 
  it 's just that the media literally created a disdain for communism , without any real reason . 
  people think of authoritarian regimes , while there is no ideological connection between authoritarianism and communism/socialism . 
  in fact , the communist/socialist ideology rather focuses on anti-authoritarianism in the workplace / economy . 
  the entire economy and therefore the entire system is ruled by the ultra-rich , the capitalists , making morbid amounts of money off of other people 's labour . 
  and somehow , people are still convinced of this stupid idea of trickle-down economics . 
  `` oh , if you give these sickeningly rich people even more money , you will benefit too ! '', 
  seriously , are you making it that easy for them ? 
  are you seriously this brainwashed that your first reaction to socialism is `` bad '' ? 
  not really . 
  it has to do with progress , as well . 
  if women go to school , to to university , and start a career , they delay getting children more and more . 
  ultimately , they 'll only have 2 children tops . 
  few problems . 
  - the us does n't have an official language . 
  - most immigrants in the us are there illegally , are n't eligible for welfare to begin with . 
  - this is n't a short-term solution to decrease spending ; it 's a long-term solution to decrease welfare dependency . 
  it 's easier to get hired for low-end jobs if you speak dutch . 
   ideological the ussr regime was so cynical you can barely speak of any ideology at all . 
   totalitarian recent media take over ? 
  large scale propaganda ? 
  eliminate political opponents ( house arrests etc ) ? 
   world domination technically , the ussr strived towards world revolution , in the same way that the us strived towards democracy in that era . 
  china was communist , but they started to shift course relative to the soviet union after the death of stalin in 1958 . 
  at that time , the soviet union easily could have invaded them . 
  the chinese army was worthless at that time . 
  same goes for vietnam , cuba , etc. 
  google translate suggests `` puolueellisuus '', 
  compare manchester to marseille and then buffalo , new york to tulsa , oklahoma and you 'll understand . 
  that 's only a decrease of 2,7 % . 
  the graph makes it look as though it 's a huge decline . 
  you can put statistics in any sort of light you want , and it 'll allways appear objective . 
  who can argue with the numbers , right ? 
  poland got screwed countless of times by the allies - before , during and after the war . 
  and that while polish soldiers played quite a big part in the liberation of europe . 
  but giving the poles what they wanted would mean total war against the soviet union . 
  i guess appeasing the russians was higher on the agenda ( and with good reason ), 
  i was joking :p, 
  oh , no , that was n't us , that 's the english . 
  i mean , the fact that they call themselves orangists is purely coincidental, 
  i do n't know , but being up against a major superpower * might * have played a part in that ... 
  i mean , when even the french get the utter shit beaten out of them ( inb4 hurr durr surrender monkeys - they were a superpower back then ) , you know you got a tough enemy on your hands . 
  the german army outclassed the polish army at every single front ( like it did with every other army in europe - the british were lucky they had the canal to hide behind ) . 
  but that does n't mean they did n't fight . 
  we actually did . 
  ever heard of the glorious revolution ? 
  we helped you guys get rid of jacob ii and put our guy on the throne together with mary stuart, 
  i could imagine israel is more paranoid than the us is, 
  it does n't matter how close two world views come in practice - the theorethical differences are the only ones that matter on a political scale . 
  about nietzsche - some people are stronger than others from birth . 
  which would mean they are better . 
  nietzsche 's \u00fcbermensch practially did n't hold back from screwing people over . 
  the \u00fcbermensch ( the strong human that uses his powers to his own advantage ) is inherently superior to the \u00fcntermensch ( the human that uses his powers to the advantage of others/has no powers ) . 
  now hitler later connected this to race , which was n't nietzsche 's implication at all , but still , nietzsche 's idea form the fundaments for fascism . 
  but yeah the molotov-ribben contract definitely was a case of the enemy of my enemy is my friend type of thing . 
  you could say the us and china are enemies . 
  yet they work together on a great deal of stuff . 
  when talking about communism/fascism , the world views are inherently different . 
  communsim is centered around equality and the class struggle . 
  no-one is better than one another . 
  fascism is the polar opposite of that : use everything in your power to gain an edge over the rest . 
  some people are inherently better than others . 
  all in accordance with the ideas of nietzsche . 
  buddies is a bit of an overstatement . 
  it 's not impossible to have a treaty with your enemy . 
  if there 's one thing hitler hated besides jews , it was communists . 
  the world views are inherently different . 
  communsim is centered around equality and the class struggle . 
  no-one is better than one another .
