  you need to be very proficient to compete against natives . 
  these are poor people we 're talking about . 
  how can you expect them to take language courses before they arrive ? 
  these people do n't even know where they 'll end up before they leave . 
  expecting someone to `` just know something '' or `` just do something '' never works and it 's denying the structural immigration problems we have . 
  it 's a lot of people that do n't know how to deal with police . 
  if it were one or two people it would be sensible but it 's a problem we see across immigrant groups , across countries , across police departments . 
  blaming it on the people is counterproductive and borderline racist . 
   at the end , it just takes time . 
  completely agree but that does n't mean we can ignore the immigration problems because they `` will go away eventually '' . 
  this is causing a lot of hardship for immigrants and natives alike and that needs to be prevented as much as possible . 
  you ca n't blame a disenfranchised group for sticking together . 
  it 's just a sad combination of factors . 
  it 's not the state 's fault but it is n't the immigrants ' fault either . 
  reaching out through measures like this is the least the government can do . 
  these are economic refugees we 're talking about . 
  telling them to fuck off because they have trouble fitting in rather than reaching out is just terrible . 
  you 're so right . 
  i 've never seen this sub get this bad . 
  sure some anti immigration sentiments which is understandable but this would actually help solving the problems immigrants have with police and everyone loses their shit . 
  either that or they have n't bothered to read the article . 
  that 's because vietnamese immigrants do n't form communities like turkish immigrants do . 
  they help each other out but it also keeps the language barrier in place . 
  attributing it to arrogance is seriously downplaying the immigration problems we face . 
  turkey is a semi developed country . 
  an educated turk can get a job just fine . 
  a turk that lives in istanbul or ankara can get a job just fine . 
  the ones that come to germany and the netherlands are from poor rural communities . 
  they are barely educated . 
  this goes for all the immigrants that pose problems , also partially because they 're still struggling . 
  another one is the language barrier , which not only makes communication with the police more difficult , but also poses education problems . 
  in your education you 're expected to do everything in dutch . 
  your parents can try as hard as they like , but they wo n't be able to teach you dutch like natives will . 
  this wo n't start until you enter primary school at age 4 , at which point the damage done is irreversible . 
  this causes whole communities to be in a bad socio-economic position . 
  they then have to live in bad neighborhoods , deal with below average wages and high crime rates . 
  no wonder they feel excluded . 
  and now finally the dutch police is reaching out and they are getting shit on from all directions . 
  do n't expect whole disenfranchised immigrant communities to suck it up like you were able to do . 
  itt : people that have n't read the article and racist assholes, 
  once again , expecting every single immigrant to do the same thing is incredibly unrealistic . 
  i mean that you are probably educated to have a job to be able to do that . 
  there you go . 
  you said it was difficult and that 's coming from a german guy that has enough resources to live abroad for 20 years ( and i presume was able to leave whenever he wanted ) . 
  expecting immigrants who are often less educated and already more disenfranchised and excluded to be able to the same thing is n't really realistic . 
  because that would be more difficult and more expensive . 
  this is a quick and pragmatic solution . 
  that 's what i mean with it 's unrealistic . 
  but increasing the odds you 're dealing with an officer that understands you could n't do harm . 
  imagine a neighborhood that 's 50 % dutch 50 % immigrant . 
  making your cops 50 % dutch 50 % immigrant as well would mean the odds you 're dealing with an officer that understand you increase . 
  currently ethnically dutch people usually deal with similar police officers while immigrants do n't . 
  this is a problem that needs to be fixed . 
  the things you 're strawmanning actually seem reasonable to me . 
  you can request a different judge if you feel he 'd be biased against you or you simply do n't like the look on his face . 
  why not do the same with police officers ? 
  i 'd be totally fine with a christian police officer in staphorst as long as he upholds the law without letting his values influence his decisions . 
  difference of course is that it 's not realistic since you ca n't 100 % adjust the cops you have to the population on the streets , but at least making efforts to do so would n't do harm . 
  the difference is you were not part of an immigrant community . 
  immigrant communies cling together and do n't really adapt all that fast . 
  also on the saudi cop thing - imagine you 're caught drinking alcohol . 
  a european cop might tell you `` dude i understand you want to drink alcohol but you simply ca n't do that here '' while a saudi cop might tell you `` are you stupid or something ? 
  you know you ca n't drink alcohol here . 
  do n't you have any respect for our values ? '', 
  they both accomplish the same thing : they make you keep to the law . 
  but with the saudi cop approach you 'd probably feel shitty and you would n't really care much for the saudis if that 's the way they treat you . 
  it works the other way round as well . 
  oh you have immigrant background ? 
  oh i 'm sorry we filled our 25 % for minorities . 
  that 's not true . 
  the deal is that people with immigrant background have trust issues with police . 
  if the police are all white dutch people , that 's gon na reflect poorly on society , because these people will now hate all aspects of dutch society ( and maybe go off to syria ) . 
  also , officers with the same ethnic/cultural background as the people they deal with might have more sense of cultural nuance . 
  the way a police officer talks to you makes a hell of a difference . 
  if a police officer does n't understand your position , that might play into the whole revolving door prison thing . 
  it helps fueling an us vs them mentality in bad immigrant neighborhoods . 
  imagine you 'd live in saudi arabia . 
  would you rather have a saudi cop tell you what to do or an european cop ? 
  this is not a measure to help minorities get jobs . 
  simply put ethnically dutch officers are gon na be less effective at curbing crime in immigrant neighborhoods than people with an immigrant background are . 
  edit : sure , people who have n't read the article , keep downvoting me . 
  yeah fuck greece suck them dry let 's starve them if we have to . 
  we want our money back right guys ? 
  there are n't many people that get to pick their religion . 
  you ca n't just decide `` oh a bunch of people of the same religion act like asshats . 
  i guess that means that what i hold for the truth is completely false ... '', 
  that i care about the subreddit , and that it did n't just come from some shitty subreddit like you put it . 
  i was here since before the sub went to shit with the refugee crisis . 
  people in this thread do seem to think she 's normal . 
  and they quite like what she has to say !, 
  this subreddit man ... 
  itt : actual inexcusable fascism . 
  being anti immigration is fine but making it about race is disgusting . 
  which also happens to be among the highest standards of living . 
  what coincidence that you claim right to it despite only being born in it . 
  if you care about culture so much why do n't we just give away all our money ? 
  it would keep out the refugees and we get to keep our culture !, 
  this politician certainly cares if you 're white . 
  that 's kinda what the discussion was about . 
  fascism alert !,
