  but having a group of people that do n't give a fuck about homosexuals pull this just to spite muslims is bullshit . 
  if it was a muslim/atheist group doing it just to spite those christians , yes , i would object to it . 
  this is a very low and spiteful provocation . 
  `` how can we piss off muslims ? '', 
  `` they hate gays right ? '', 
  `` yeah let 's roll a gay pride parade right through their streets !, 
  and no one will be able to stop us ! '', 
  oh you can upset muslims alright . 
  but you ca n't hold marches with the sole purpose of upsetting muslims , or any group for that matter , especially when that group is already marginalised . 
  or do you legitimately believe these guys suddenly care about gay rights all of the sudden ? 
  inb4 stormfront shits on the comment section, 
  except that * christians are not already marginalised * anti-gay sentiment is not as prominent among swedish christians as it is among swedish muslims * this is an act only aimed at provoking immigrants if the parade went through a street were some muslims happened to live , that 's no problem . 
  but these people are actively seeking out muslim neighborhoods to upset them . 
  homophobia among muslims is definitely something that needs fixing . 
  but this is not the way to do it . 
  you happen to be a hollander ? 
   many dutch people do n't care you happen to be a hollander ? 
  this is about communication not culture, 
  * goddamn man mod if you have to take responsibility and not as a toddler pushing your own ideal little , and they also translate badly . 
  ( via google translate ) *, 
  * jesus christ the number of french lingual chauvinists here is starting to get ridiculous . 
  come on , it is so very clear that you all speak english . 
  why be so difficult and contrarian ? 
  maybe i should start all my comments with a dutch version so it can be clear how god damn annoying that is . 
  deal with it . 
  * it 's only a couple of french people that , completely obsolete , add french to their comments because , appearantly , english is n't enough to communicate . 
  the fact that there 's a huge dutch text wall here , of which you wo n't understand a word , will only annoy you and be in the way . 
  all those french people would understand your english perfectly fine , or they would n't be there . 
  how come you have to be special little snowflakes ? 
  i love different languages but this right here is just a passive agressive show of annoyance that people speak english here . 
  germany had the right to be absolutely decimated but they chose the versailles peace treaty instead . 
  so by that logic uk and france did n't do anything to humiliate germany . 
  yeah but the reason why they ca n't live up to those promises is because the pressure put on them by the eu . 
  it 's like saying about the versailles peace treaty `` well you signed it did n't you ? '', 
  it 's not like there was a whole lot of fucking options . 
  normal eu citizens are not among the people that will benefit though . 
  wow of thousands of years of drunks walking around with knives none of them ever stabbed an innocent bystander ? 
  i 'm astounded you even know that !, 
  oh yeah and it happened to a friend . 
  stabbed with a piece of glass in a club . 
  i think i 'm more likely to get stabbed by a drunk than gunned down by organised criminals in most parts of the world, 
  you should not start watching world war ii moviez, 
  american colonies were direct colonies in everything but name . 
  they did everything they could to make it seem like they were n't colonies because , even though colonialism was accepted internationally at the time , the us used to be a colony itself so practicing colonialism would be weird . 
  nonetheless , hawaii was a direct colony until fairly recently . 
  puerto rico still is and the philippines almost were . 
  the way america practiced colonialism was by supporting american corporations in weak economies , both economically and militarily . 
  american fruit companies used to own huge shares of the land in some south american countries . 
  nationalisation efforts were met with armed intervention . 
  it 's pretty much colonialism in all but name . 
  you own the land , exploit the land , exploit the people . 
  the gained capital goes to the homeland . 
  you keep this in place using military force . 
  that 's colonialism . 
  not really . 
  they just want a fight . 
  still israels fault . 
  israel pretty much killed off plo and with that a peaceful solution by not giving in . 
  people who wanted to be free but see every plo effort blocked by israeli bullying tactics started to support non - peaceful organisations . 
  probably because he was a manipulative conservative wankstain, 
  killing terrorists in a non - combat situation with no trial , while violating a nation 's sovereignty , while they could not even have had the death penalty under french law , is pretty bad . 
  it undermines the rule of law and thus democracy . 
  this is purely a message , this guy was probably not that dangerous , it 's just to show `` no matter where you 're hiding we 're gon na get you for that shit '' . 
  but it also says `` if we really do n't like you the rule of law does n't mean shit to us '' . 
  why is / r/europe letting the ends justify the means ? 
  this is really fucking illegal and always has been . 
  i know how not to catch them : violating another country 's sovereignty that guy did nothing wrong according to us law that guy did do something wrong according to french law france does n't have the death penalty the guy did n't have a trial at all if you allow the us to take out dangers to national securtity without trial , nothing holds them back ideologically speaking to do the same thing to assange and snowden . 
  just because this was a guy you thought was scary , too , does n't make it right . 
  since when did the ends start justifying these highly illegal means ? 
  you ca n't execute people without trial . 
  this is not a war situation . 
  there is no state of war , as such the us is violating the sovereignty of that country by going in and killing a citizen . 
  this is illegal as fuck . 
  and that 's a fact . 
  that word choice though . 
  `` undermining eu targets '' is n't really a neutral way of putting things . 
  they already spy on our citizens * for us * . 
  it 's this sneaky little arrangement to avoid those nasty annoying things called `` constitutions '' . 
  this is just one step further . 
  that 's all true . 
  but the 4 year old thing really is crucial . 
  especially in dutch . 
  that language barely has any rules so it mostly comes down to intuition . 
  my mother is an expert . 
  and also , the difference between dutch and english is n't quite the same as the difference between dutch and turkish . 
  look it was n't for lack of effort . 
  the point was smart people ca n't live up to their potential because of language issues . 
  past the age of 4 it becomes harder and harder to properly learn a language . 
  i mean my english is pretty good but it will never be as good as the english that natives speak . 
  there 's a difference between communicating with friends/police/public servants and communicating at a semi - academic level . 
  or did you mean that every immigrant should be able to speak dutch at academic level ? 
  let me explain . 
  they spoke the language well enough to understand everything said but not well enough to put their thoughts into words on tests properly . 
  wording and details are everything in tests . 
  it 's easy to be technically wrong on tests . 
  they already do take language courses . 
  my mother deals with them a lot , mostly children . 
  i went to a gymnasium ( highest level of secondary education in the netherlands ) and there were this afghan kid and this turkish kid . 
  they spoke dutch fluently but it was still not good enough for them to get the grades they deserved . 
  the problems reach much deeper than simply speaking the language .
