  fascism is the polar opposite of that : use everything in your power to gain an edge over the rest . 
  some people are inherently better than others . 
  in accordance with the ideas of nietzsche . 
   i shall not tolerate anyone dragging the honour of the red army through the mud stalin , after receiving reports of rape and murder by soviet soldiers in germany guess we 're dealing with murky waters here . 
  that 's a whole different issue . 
  a whole lot of russians died of starvation in stalin 's agricultural reforms , and he killed a lot of political opponents , but that was all in order to get a tighter grip on russia . 
  if you want others to follow your lead , in other words , get a tighter grip on * other * countries , having people in russian uniforms raping the women and putting a bullet through their head is n't a great place to start . 
  who said it is n't ? 
  i did n't . 
  putin shows similarities to hitler 's politics of the 1930s . 
  yes . 
  but that 's not what we blame hitler for we blame him for taking over europe and killing millions of people . 
  saying that putin is `` literally hitler '' is just fearmongering and - once again - a slippery slope argument . 
  a lot of the the crimes committed by russian soldiers were against stalin 's will , though . 
  raping and killing anyone in your path is a horrible way of spreading the message of communism and creating a sphere of influence . 
  it does n't solve any problems . 
  it does n't matter if you want to be there or not , that alone does n't mean you do n't believe the propaganda . 
  quite frankly , after you mentioning they did n't want to fight , probably played a big part as well . 
  you 're getting frustrated and start scapegoating . 
  same happened in vietnam . 
  in russia , nazism or fascism has nothing to do with judaism . 
  they probably could n't care less about the holocaust . 
  fascism and communism have allways been enemies , even before wwii , and thus anti-fascism has sort of become a cultural phenomenon in russia . 
  fascism and nazism is associated with the invasion of russia , and the atrocities commited there . 
  very russia-focussed . 
  that 's also why wwii is known as * the great patriotic war * in russia . 
  actually , you could compare it with the american view of communism . 
  with the red scare and everything surrounding communism ( damn bolsheviks , communist scum , socialist pig etc. ), 
  have been so common throughout the 20th century that it 's still commonly used in us politics as a means of demonization ( obama is a socialist ) . 
  big one is [ the evacuation of east prussia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evacuation_of_east_prussia#crimes ) and the [ nemmersdorf massacre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nemmersdorf_massacre ) . 
  just google image search nemmersdorf massacre if you 're prepared to see some seriously nsfl material . 
  it 's well documented as the massacre was a gold mine for german propaganda . 
  these war crimes were n't decided from high up . 
  the fact that the russian soldiers were spoon-fed propaganda about the nazis meant that they would just do this on their own . 
  they thought the germans were inherently evil . 
  must have been quite the scene when east germany was suddenly an important ally . 
  great . 
  godwin 's law , slippery slope and false dichotomy all in one poster . 
  how convenient , by the way , that all of russia 's enemies always turn out to be inherently bad fascists or nazis . 
  kinda scary though . 
  that attitude caused the russians to horribly kill thousands of innocent german civillians in wwii, 
  do n't you know putin has been a cia operative since before he joined the kgb ? 
  more like blaming komintern for the rise of communism, 
  wahabbism is a stain on islam . 
  i dare to bet that , without wahabbism , islam would be similar to christianity today . 
  so far most of the terrorism in regards to immigration has come from the anti immigration side, 
  if you treat them well they might also be more eager to try and fit in . 
  til cross country skiing , alpine skiing and speed skating are in the summer olympics, 
  i 'm not saying we should allow them all in , we just should n't be assholes about it . 
  it is not our responsibility to make decisions against their general good either . 
  yet we did . 
  and now it comes to bite us in the ass . 
   dates of operation : 1970-1998 by that time west germany was well stable . 
  also :  size first generation : 13 second generation : 14 third generation : 4, 
  you think giving them loans on the condition that they remove all trade protection , while we just keep our trade protection in place , is not destroying their economies ? 
  or that dumping products on their markets below market value , abusing their lack of trade protection , is somewhat damaging to their industries ? 
  that dumping meat that we ca n't sell over here will make local farmers bankrupt ? 
  how about constantly being meddled with by imperialist powers ( coughusacough ) ( this goes especially for the middle east ) might be somewhat damaging to the power structure ? 
  you know , is consists of militas armed by the us that used to be fighting iraqi opposition . 
  they are wreaking havoc . 
  germany did n't have militias armed by the us destroying everything . 
  just imagine if the soviet union had funded communist insurgents in west germany right after/during the war . 
  would the german economy have recovered just fine ? 
  the reason europe managed to fix their economies / societies to some degree was because the power vacuums were immediately filled by the soviet union and the us, 
  lol you do n't give anything in the first place . 
  you just let em be wage slaves . 
  and you think people pay 30.000 euros just to live of a measly benefit cheque here for economic reasons ? 
  nice argumentation sweetheart, 
  how about the banks that all this debt is owed to ? 
  and not the person that decided to try and put the banks in their place ? 
  we are democracies , not corporatocracies ( or maybe we are ) . 
  the banks . 
  not like they have n't exploited the people enough already . 
  so if their economic situation is so desperate that they might as well be dead , they might as well be refugees . 
  if you 're an economic refugee you do n't risk your life by getting in a refrigeration truck with 70 other people . 
   poor people commit crimes because they are poor would you say that is not the case ? 
  or is the rate of rich people robbing liquor stores equal to that of poor people robbing liquor stores ? 
  we also have luzac , which is basically nothing but learning how to pass the final exams . 
  but they 're ridiculed , by me and my mates at least , for having dumb kids with rich parents pass the final exams despite not actually learning anything . 
  the frikandel ( the long sausage shaped one ) is pretty much a deep fried hump of ground meat . 
  sometimes sliced open and filled with raw onions , mayonnaise and ketchup . 
  kroket/bitterballen are filled with a meat ragout ( kroket is also served here in a mcdonald 's burger dish , called mckroket ) , and are commonly eaten with mustard . 
  a bamischijf is similar , but is instead filled with bami goreng ( indonesian dish ) . 
  [ we also put kroket and frikandel in filo pastries ] ( http://www.versinn.nl/winkel/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/0/0/00862n_kroketbroodje.jpg ), 
  this one maps people that access the internet ( almost ) every day, 
  no it does n't read again . 
  it doesnt, 
  yeah but what about groningers ? 
  it makes zero sense . 
  especially uk - they hate eu but they suddenly want help ? 
  did they give it when spain and italy asked for it ? 
  did they help greece with their economy ? 
  you should reap what you sow . 
  that does matter . 
  because what it accomplishes , is that muslims yet again feel like people are screwing with them , driving them further away from integration . 
  i 'm sure muslims would at least care less about it if it was an actual lgbt group doing this . 
  ca n't you see this is a anti-islam march disguised as a gay pride march ? 
  these guys do n't give a shit about homosexuals . 
  the people that do this do n't give a shit about homosexuals , they just want to spite muslims . 
  like i said , homophobia among muslims is a problem that needs solving .
