duuuuuuuude i know right  ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ), 
  that syndrome does n't mean paris is shitty . 
  if a weeaboo expects his life to become infinitely better by moving to japan , he 's gon na be disappointed . 
  does n't mean japan is shitty . 
  i 've always wanted one of them old mercs . 
  i 'm off to albania . 
  we 've not forgotten about 1940 ... 
  ... getting shot in the head while manning the barricades , what 's the difference anyway . 
  these people call themself communists because the fascist aspects of the soviet union speak to them . 
  they look at the soviet union and they feel a sense of nationalism and superiority . 
  and that 's the only reason they call themselves communists . 
  june 7 1995 wtf send that kid home, 
  farmers get plenty of subsidies . 
  they are the most cared for group in european society and they even have lobby organisations . 
  you can just hear it in their narrative , though . 
  did n't you catch the `` we used to be the greatest country in the world ... but then , * they * came '' ? 
  `` we used to be progressive , homogenous , everyone shared the same values , then the immigrants came and we have the most rapes and we 've become absurdistan , thanks to the immigrants '' . 
  they 're also great at over simplifying statistics and presenting them as the `` simple truth '' . 
  for these people , anti-jihad is an euphemism for anti-immigration or anti-immigrants . 
  this is to explain the dutch attitude . 
  regardless of who did it , the russians did n't exactly handle it in a nice way . 
  * russia supplied the missles with which the seperatists shot down mh17 , which they indirectly confessed by issuing press releases/social media posts * russia handled the situation very reluctantly . 
  they did nothing to help , despite their promise to help in any way they could . 
  * meanwhile , russian state-controlled media kept on fishing `` evidence '' out of nowhere , claiming that the aircraft was shot down by ukraine ( impossible , out of range of ukrainian sams ) , or that it was shot down by an ukrainian jet ( impossible : aam too small to take down a passenger jet in one hit , ukrainian attacker aircraft too slow to keep up with a boeiing ( think a-10 warthog ) ) * russia have been very hostile towards the netherlands in general , and our foreign minister in particular , despite being historic allies * they made what is a human tragedy to the netherlands ( to relative scale of 9/11 ) into a political game , a propaganda game , in which the innocent lives lost are nothing but leverage for the russian cause . 
  like mary with catholics you mean ? 
  and that 's with both men and women, 
  yeah , but those games do n't involve current events , creating the idea this is actually real . 
  also , no putin , it 's always someone else . 
  not calling them fascists . 
  this is very much meant to be a representation of current events . 
  video games are not . 
  ow , darn , gosh , frick , lower food prices for us :'(, 
  they ban * imports * damn got us there, 
  hey , now , we only did it to screw over the spanish ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ maybe ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ cripple ^ ^ ^ antwerp, 
  purely going by the history books here , but would n't the days of the young turks and atat\u00fcrk be up there too ? 
  and then , things were finally looking up . 
  but the czar decided to participate in the first world war and things started to turn very sour . 
  so sour , that the people had enough . 
  before the war could end , communists took the power and for the first time in history , it looked as though the russian people were finally worth something . 
  then lenin died , and stalin came to power , starting a reign of terror and spawning a culture of authoritarianism in the soviet union . 
  but then gorbachev came along , and started to go back to original socialist ideals - power to the people . 
  then the government collapsed . 
  but they finally got rid of communism !, 
  then boris yeltsin came along , embarrasing the entire russian people . 
  without too much effort , seemingly . 
  then putin came along , and started restoring the pride of the russian people . 
  but then he started to become power hungry , playing create-a-state in eastern ukraine . 
  and the whole world hated russia again . 
  these guys need a break ... 
  that 's not quite how it worked . 
  before the dutch golden age , antwerp was the biggest trading hub . 
  then it was captured by the spanish . 
  loads of protestant merchants etc. 
  moved to amsterdam , and when the united provinces blocked the sheldt river , there was basically no trade left in antwerp . 
  in addition to that , the relative tolerance in the netherlance meant that rich prosecuted people ( jews , catholics from england , protestants from france and more ) could do their business without being bothered too much . 
  then there 's of course the dutch east inida company etc , which have nothing to do with flanders and brabant . 
  and roads that do n't wreck your car 's suspension . 
  and proper road signs so you do n't drive around without getting lost at every turn . 
  some better years would be 1585 ( when the republic put up a naval blockade in the scheldt estuary , rendering the port of antwerp useless and shifting economic power to holland and zeeland ) to 1672 ( the republic never really recovered from being attacked by france , england and m\u00fcnster at the same time ) . 
  but you could stretch that out to the 1700s . 
  it 's already pretty much proven that they are guilty . 
  the question is , to what degree ? 
  did they shoot it down on purpose or not ? 
  i think not . 
  they thought they shot down a ukrainian cargo plane that was scheduled to fly over . 
  so calling them terrorists for this would be inappropriate . 
  ( them killing locals and tossing them into mass graves might be enough though ) . 
  them trying to cover their tracks the way they did certainly did n't help though . 
  guys , i have the perfect plan to have nato help us . 
  we 'll shoot down a couple of our own airplanes , including crew , with a buk system , you know , that system of multiple very heavy vehicles on tracks with loud diesel engines which we have snuck into rebel held territory without them noticing , so we can shoot down an airliner with loads of citizens from a nato state on it , then doctor footage of the vehicles going down a main road leading to russia , doctor footage of rebel conversations about a crashed airplane and release it within hours of the crash , hack into girkin 's social networks and issue fake statements about the crash in his name and infiltrate a russian news organization to report on the crash . 
  then send undercover agents to loot the bodies and deny access to the site to discredit the rebels further , and then shoot down another of our own planes for good measure . 
  flawless plan !, 
  you know , that will get you a 10 year jail sentence ... 
  unless you give us # 60m of course ... ( wink wink , nudge nudge ), 
  inequality is not only income inequality . 
  it also accounts for racism , sexism and more . 
  the only problem with my french is that i sometimes ca n't find the words . 
  i do n't have much of an accent or anything . 
  multiple times . 
  both times asking directions . 
  both times they refused to answer in english , and pretended my high school french was so bad they could n't make out what i was saying . 
  wallonia has all the arrogance of france but none of the reasons to be arrogant . 
  basically ony when there 's tourists asking for directions, 
  engaging in genocide against palestinians = good engaging in genocide against israeli = bad gotcha, 
  so siding with the palestinians and maybe even wiping israel off the face of the earth would somehow affect europe negatively ? 
  still a fascist government though, 
  israel lost 7-1 against germany in 2002 . 
  no joke . 
  you mean like left wing dissidents are treated in israel today ? 
  seems to be an epidemic of accidents among russian soldiers on holiday in ukraine ... 
  this is telegraaf . 
  do n't take it serously . 
  dutch pariament will decide on armed deployment this weekend . 
  only confirmed thing is that they supplied the ukrainian army with extra bulletproof vests and field rations . 
  so what about the dozens of tanks and apcs , what about the brand new russian weapons , what about the hundreds of fighters that russia just let `` slip through '' their border ? 
  i got like 3 of em just sitting in my back yard . 
  for when those pesky sports gliders come flying over . 
  dude almost 300 people died do n't go all karma conspiracy when people get emotional, 
  this is within ukrainian territory . 
  they 'll take any help they can get .
