  i 'm a civ player though , 
  nationalism is n't exclusive to the far right though . 
  this is exactly why i have an issue with ` the left ' and ` the right ' as general terms . 
  i like your eu4 threads , by the way , 
  i do flirt with ukip quite a bit honestly , little i disagree with them on . 
  i do n't like the increase to the military though . 
  yeah , even the ` four corners ' political compass is n't that great . 
  censorship is censorship . 
  of course it matters . 
  it 's even more disgusting when it 's censoring criticism of the government . 
  it 's psychological warfare , plain and simple . 
  no idea who fria tider are/is , but regardless , if it is true that sweden is censoring criticism ( even if it is dm nonsense ) , that 's no bueno . 
  this is what ultimately happens when you let leftwingers post comments on reddit . 
  see i can shitpost , strawman and grossly generalise too . 
  should have gone tradition opener with 3 policies in aesthetics . 
  i just like to call them ` ethnically nationalistic ' . 
  you can be nationalist without the racist crap , it 's called civic nationalism . 
  yup . 
  i support strict immigration , so i must be right wing . 
  i support equal rights , so i must be left wing . 
  i like supporting small business and having a more open market , so i must be right wing . 
  but i like a good welfare base , so i must be left wing . 
  but i 'm a proud brit and a proud european , so i must be right wing . 
  but i like good workers rights , and typically support unions , so i must be left wing . 
  the binary political compass sucks . 
  what does the eu do ? 
  climate change . 
  apparently . 
  glasgie is the complete opposite side of the uk lol, 
  it 's cheaper to fly to scotland from england than it is to take the train . 
  nothing . 
  been to portugal a few times , always had awesome fun . 
  it 's beautiful and the food and the people are lovely . 
  just the general presence of them . 
  one of them is apparently on the field of a school . 
  he says they hang around street corners a lot . 
  yeah , to be fair i feel safe walking alone at night as a woman , but i would n't do it in high-migrant areas . 
  also i went to download . 
  the music was good but for a general introvert like me it was kinda shitty . 
  mud and rain , very loud , very smell , very fat guys throwing up and peeing everywhere , not fun . 
  having a lack of identity or sense of purpose in life , naivety and indoctrination . 
  yeah , i think it 's just taking the left longer to realise than the right did . 
   how do you see your eu membership playing a part in this ? 
  eventually migrants will be given german passports , making them technically eu citizens . 
  then they will be allowed to come to the uk . 
  also i 've noticed how much of a colossal clusterfudge it has been . 
  clearly every member state has different opinions on how to deal with the crisis , so nothing is getting done . 
  i do n't think many of them are getting through . 
  more are trying for the boats i think . 
  i 'm surprised they have n't tried making makeshift dingeys further down the coast . 
  it 's quite far to travel by sea to kent , but it 's not impossible . 
   are you sure your dad has n't been visiting / pol / recently ? 
  haha i doubt it . 
  he 's always been open to more ` out of the box ' trains of thought should i say . 
  he 's seen david ike ` in concert ' a few times too . 
  my dad has a few of his books , they are absolutely nuts . 
  i mean i can appreciate the amount of research he 's done but it just seems like find coincidences in things = reptilians . 
  my dad thinks the illuminati control the world . 
  rothschilds and other banking dynasties . 
  i personally just think if there is an actual ` world leadership illuminati ' thing , it 'll be a bunch of very rich greedy individuals corrupting governments , rather than reptilians . 
  also the moon is a hologram and saturn is apart of a satanic esoteric conspiracy . 
  also the ` flooding ' of migrants is on purpose , to dilute populations , make people less nationalist and so they will accept the globalist agenda . 
  it would be a very very pessimistic view but i can almost see how that 's true . 
  my dad is weird . 
  and i did n't know the left wing are starting to get annoyed with it as well , i just assumed that was mainly a right wing thing . 
   i look like moby and spend all day thinking of military aged arab men . 
  even though i 'm in the south east of england so i always thought i might have seen a few calais migrants , i 've seen literally nothing and my life as a whole has n't change at all . 
  what has changed though is the political opinions and perceptions of people i know . 
  - one of my very very bleeding heart ` refugees welcome ' friends has started to become quite conservative about immigration and foreign aid . 
  - my german friend who lives in munich seems to have changed his mind too , talking about nearby migrant camps and the like . 
  not sure how true it is , but i 've known him for years and i trust him . 
  - my politics has n't changed that much , i 've always been eurosceptic , but it 's definitely taken a turn toward leave rather than a flat out ' i do n't know ' . 
  i 've also said a few things in private conversation that in hindsight i would n't have repeated . 
  ( nothing racist or extreme at all , just not your typical beat around the bush pc fanfare . 
  in other words , i 'm more open with my opinions than i used to be . 
  that might be down to me getting out of a depressive and low self confidence slump though more than anything ) . 
  - my dad is the kicker though . 
  he 's always been a bit reactionary and ` out of touch ' , but he 's gone from being ' i do n't like having so many muslims in this area ' to quoting fascist theory and emailing me videos on ` race realism ' and ` the cultural marxist white genocide ' . 
  i ignore him , but it 's just a bit insane . 
  not sure if anyone else has had similar experiences , but i just found that the dinner time conversations we have have definitely spent a lot of time revolving around the migrant crisis and the eu . 
  edit : i 'm still pretty socially liberal at heart , but oddly enough it 's made me appreciate my ` europeanness ' more since this is an issue the entire continent is having to deal with . 
  it 's made me think outside the box and appreciate being european rather than just english/british . 
  hey i can quit . 
  i 've done it hundreds of times !, 
  my eyes are now obese but very free after looking at that :p, 
  are you a heretic ? 
  imperium europa will extend to the edges of the galaxy !, 
  i do n't know why some of my fellow brits move aboard and then refuse to at minimum learn the language, 
  imperium europa sounds better :d, 
  yeah , time is ticking : /, 
  i do n't know how many people actually agree with me though . 
  the middle ground needs to be more vocal . 
  yup : /, 
  the golden middle still is n't vocal enough . 
  i am generally anti-islam , as well as quite proud to be a european so in some ways i definitely sympathise with pegida . 
  having said that the neo nazis that inhabit pegida need to go away . 
  being violent makes everyone who shares pegida 's opinions make us look like we 're crazy nazis . 
  i do n't want to live in a country that 's full of islamists or fascists . 
   the difference to the pegida follower or rather the right-winged people is that i want to get rid of them because of their ideology and the violence only adds up to that . 
  the militant leftists want to do the same thing .
