  germany has always been the bane of this continent . 
  ww1 , ww2 and now the migrant crisis . 
  i 've already accepted that i 'll probably never own a home in the uk . 
  even as a brexiter i think we 'll probably remain . 
  ... so its pro leave . 
  yes because the uk was the only country involved in the war ... 
  i 've got a brand new complex near me and it 's already been bought out ... its not even finished yet !, 
  if you work in canary wharf ... 
  tactical nuke incoming its over, 
  enemy ac130 abov - neeeeeessshhhhboom, 
  ah right . 
  you 're up late !, 
  oh god i love them . 
  and chocolate cushions/pillows . 
  you ca n't call yourself pro-democracy if you support this man . 
  comparing adolf to juncker . 
  lol . 
  well there is only like four of you so, 
  people were actually debating in our media when ukip stormed the eu parliament elections whether or not democracy was actually a bad thing . 
  the irony ... 
  probably a troll, 
  yes !, 
  \\ o / praise the sun !, 
  they consecrated the first woman like 3 years ago . 
  my taxes should go to europeans . 
  if germany wants it , you can fund it yourself . 
  did n't trump say he 'll bomb the fuck out of isis ? 
  you forgot the last step blame the greeks, 
  how about no . 
  drawn with the skills they learnt getting their 15 phds . 
  your self loathing to your own culture and society is a disgrace to humanity . 
  you 're free to jump into the pit of hounds if you like , but the rest of us wo n't . 
  wow . 
  frans is a total deluded cock . 
  that 's happening in the uk as well . 
  i do n't know why . 
  i 'd rather take actual europeans than people who have no excuse to be here ( economic migrants/opportunists ), 
  croatia drunk !, 
  actually i was originally a multi celled organism . 
  basically just the same language as spanish just russified . 
  / r/whataboutamerica, 
   why would populism be an answer when its proven to be counterproductive over and over again ? 
  source please . 
  i never said we should only be focusing on immigrant committed crime . 
  all crime is bad . 
  it 's so catchy . 
  you misspelled australia m8  . 
  did you vote for ritchie ? 
  out of a population of 8.4 million . 
  not sure how many are actually eligible to vote , but that 's tight . 
  did his platform offer every austrian a free fancy hat ? 
  if it came down to trump vs sanders , trump would win . 
  though i fully think it 'll be trump vs hilary , in which case hilary will probably win . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is n't equally representative of the uk too . 
  everyone there is under 30 and left leaning . 
   it 's settled , austria and her citizens have spoken !, 
  the other 50 % are probably very mad right now . 
  how good is hofer at fine art ? 
   they say ` while migration from north africa leads to an increase in crime , the increase is not nearly as high as the far-right claims ' that really does n't help though . 
  that 's still admitting that there is a problem whilst not looking at a solution . 
  are they actually far right or are the media just calling them that ? 
  i know right ? 
  thanks . 
  it 's quite hard to find a proper history of the populations of the uk , will look at your links , 
  just call him a russian  in all seriousness though , we have bad food . 
  if you eat shitty food from a dodgy kebabie . 
  we also have some of the best restaurants in the world . 
  our weather is pretty dire sometimes though , but it 's got ta be better than estonia ... as for high pollution , yeah , london . 
  like any other major city . 
  ever been to paris ? 
  it 's much worse there than here . 
  what bread are you buying ? 
  there is a huge difference between eating lidl bread and eating waitrose bread . 
  ca n't find 600g , but for 750g it 's # 3.98 ( 53.1 p / 100g ) so # 3.18 ( 4.11 euro ), 
  the difference between out cadets and the like compared to this is that in russia it seems to be compulsory . 
  oh is it ? 
  there are a few songs that loop on that link . 
  i thought one of them was russian . 
  it 's not really worth a screenshot , it 's animated . 
  it 's a bunch of stick figure construction workers slacking off and dancing to ~ ~ russian ~ ~ romanian music :d, 
  i think it builds to our idea of exceptionalism and euroscepticism too , and even i 'm divided on that . 
  i do n't disagree with you per-se , i just do n't * feel * it . 
  it might just be my own issues around national identity ( i made another comment responding to op about it ) on a wider level , i do n't feel like the uk is that european . 
  i want us to be , but we appear to be this sort of little america compared to our continental friends . 
  oh , i misread your title . 
  oops . 
  and i do n't know . 
  i do n't * feel * connected to europe at all personally , despite speaking two other european languages and going to the continent often . 
  i feel weird being english . 
  every other nation in the uk is celtic , we 're germanic , but we 're not really that similar to scandinavia or the netherlands . 
  we 're like the odd ones out . 
  not to mention the whole patriotism thing , which is fine if you 're scottish or welsh , but it 's not easy if you 're english . 
  not that i feel really that connected to england at all . 
  national identity is weird for me . 
  [ reminds me of the lib dem 's ( uk political party ) 404 page :p ] ( http://www.sunnation.co.uk/s3/sunnation-prod/uploads/2015/03/lib-dem-404-653x413.jpg ) edit : also the worlds best 404 page . 
  i disagree with you on the ireland thing . 
  we 're similar yes , but as someone who is english , they 're celtic . 
  ~ ~ i 'd probably say either australia or new zealand . 
  maybe america . 
  maybe canada . ~ ~ i misread the question .
