  what are western values to you and why do you hate them ? 
  maybe if you abhor western values ( which apparently to you are probably just drag queens and homosexuals ) why do n't you go move to a place that dislikes them ? 
  hmm , i do n't know , bangladesh ? 
  or one that i really hate : paedophiles are usually gay ( idk if they are or not ) = all gays are paedophiles . 
  ah , but that 's the good thing about the plan . 
  everyone assumes the germans are orderly , but no one expects a tardy german invasion !, 
   i have talked to people who say the reason the british want to leave the eu is because of muslims , or asylum seekers . 
  yeah , they 're kinda stupid . 
  i 'm probably voting leave next month but that is because i have issues with the lack of democracy the economic issue , migration is obviously part of it for a lot of people , but if people think that this country will be 100 % ethnically british once we leave the eu or something thats just funny . 
  are you safe to go around being openly atheist ? 
   laws preventing conversions . 
  so if you were born muslim , would it be illegal for you to technically leave it or something ? 
   i am an atheist myself and i would say about 10-30 % tops of iranians are atheists . 
  see this is the thing . 
  the ` muslim ' world which has countries with 90 % + muslim populations , i 'd be curious to see what the true number actually is . 
  here in the uk most people still identify as christian , but the only actual practising christians i 've ever met are the two black community churches near me . 
  ( church on sunday mornings , etc ), 
  yeah , apparently you guys are very hospitable :d and the circlejerk gets a bit ridiculous sometimes . 
  i mean it would be silly to say that were are no problems at all , but yeah , it is widely overblown . 
  i take it you 're a muslim then ? 
  wikipedia says 99.4 % of you all are lol . 
  i 'm glad that iran and the western monolith are somewhat becoming more friendly with each other in recent years . 
  i 'd love to visit your country one day . 
  also , was your previous comment about blaming the muslims before tongue in cheek i assume , or ? 
  nah iranians are cool . 
  not a massive fan of your state though . 
  then again that 's a bit rich of me to say considering what my country and the us did in 1953 . 
  i never said it was only white bullies and white victims . 
  do n't get me started on certain faith schools , for example . 
  i do n't know about cornwall much but i 'm talking about our country in general . 
  politics especially has become a lot more intolerable in recent years . 
  i 've gone from quite liking this country to slowly resenting it . 
  god this country is disgusting sometimes . 
  everything is in the shitter . 
  weird . 
  that 's the opposite of what i thought of, 
  is there a political difference ? 
  are easterners more likely to be left-leaning for example ? 
  :d :d it 's adorbs . 
  :( this might make you feel better , someone drew it for me earlier lol http://imgur.com/2dx6tr7, 
  oh god now i feel bad :( it would have been funny if i knew my history . 
  mostly reunified ? 
  i have no idea at the point you 're making . 
  it is . 
  it was germany prior to the war , then split , then the wall came down and germany is one again . 
  i do n't think you are . 
  why though ? 
   that irritates me so much , because it 's grammatically incorrect . 
  * looks at german flair * : l, 
  wonder why they think that :o, 
  yes . 
  all papers around the world have us stories . 
  but i do n't get it either . 
  :( you win . 
  is there still a divide do you think between those who used to live in the gdr and those who lived in west germany ? 
  we do n't obsess about you guys at all really , it 's just that we share a lot in common . 
  cyprus should be fully turkish/greek, 
  we are , i do n't understand our countrymen who deny that . 
  rather be european than little america . 
  pasta and pizza are overrated . 
  i 'm a brit , a country known for amazing foods , but even this sounds horrific . 
  as a citizen of the city state of londinium , if you talk shit about the capital again , i 'll push you down the escalators in the tube / s, 
  stop talking about western england like that :(, 
  oil sweden, 
  payback for what ? 
  flying in international airspace ? 
  ice hockey ? 
  looks like disproportionate oreos to me ... 
  you 're calling me an apparatchik for for advocating peace ? 
  do you want a war with russia , yes or no ? 
  because global thermonuclear war does sound appealing ... 
  try using your whole brain , says the idiot who wants a conflict with russia . 
  why those two in particular ? 
  germany should never have reunified . 
  you 're going to ruin the polders !, 
  and kam\u00e5l\u00e5s\u00e5, 
  this thread chain is probably the worst thing i 've seen on / r/europe for a while . 
  anglanise - claim land here , here , here and here . 
  or alternatively , anglanise - to invent something and then suck at it . 
  yay !, 
  unity is n't free , 
  if he has german citizenship , then he is german legally . 
  yup , the homogeneous countries of south korea and japan really are awful countries . 
  gold . 
  i kinda felt like we were loved then . 
  it was just a little idea i had in my head . 
  it 's a fun little thing to help celebrate european unity - especially now during hard times . 
  ( is n't it partially funded by the eu ? ), 
  issue is , i hate how it 's been politicised . 
  i do n't care what your opinions are , eurovision should be politically neutral . 
  no russia hate , etc. 
  watch out ukraine , drop bears are coming . 
  bring the clash back !, 
  all the russians going nuts in the comments . 
  in magical tv land inside your television , clearly . 
  this is the first welsh flag i 've ever seen on this sub . 
  a white person being racist to another ( presumably ) white person . 
  it was a joke about how many poles move here to work . 
  quit being mister sensitive . 
  this sub always has banter between countries .
