  malta : sunny britain with more cannons . 
  armenia : system of a down , yerevan , weird alphabet . 
  scotland : deep fried highland commies , brawl buddies , [ panama  . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/darien_scheme ) ireland : stereotyped , friendly , 1/1024th american . 
  wales : here be dragons . 
  here also be newport . 
  england : arrogant , overcast , tories . 
  edit : i just realised this is about european union countries . 
  i went a bit too far and got into the swing of things . 
  whoops . 
  [ i still think ours is cooler ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/7/7e/uk_space_agency.svg/1040px-uk_space_agency.svg.png ), 
  they ** are ** the greek establishment if they 're number three . 
  ; ~ ; god damn it bestonia !, 
  i love you guys < 3 why is poland the only country not doing a puppy face in that comic though ? 
  if you listen closely you can hear mi5 agents looking at our messages xp, 
  if you run out of room in the recycling bins , you can always hide them under some cars so queeny does n't see !, 
  when you 're done using that make sure you recycle it . 
  here , put it in this new bin . 
  it does n't , but apparently he thinks if you call someone racist enough they 'll go away . 
  8 % is such a majority / s, 
  and hopefully never will be . 
  are you talking about golden dawn ? 
  are n't they like the third biggest party ? 
  considering how expensive and difficult ( and purposely vague to leech money from people ) driving theory tests are in the uk , its almost cheaper to fly abroad to get a license x.x, 
  morco mafia sounds like a great bunch of people . 
  youi , dud\u00e9 !, 
  stop with the continental puppy faces !, 
  oh sorry , did n't see you there ireland ... 
  o-o pls no, 
  i dont either . 
  but i have a feeling they wo n't get in . 
  iirc greece would completely say no . 
  i think if we choose to stay in i think we need to move the eu in the direction we want it to to counteract german/french dominance . 
  yeah they are . 
  bnpers can vote for ukip but i remember when my folks signed up as members they specifically say no bnpers/national fronters , etc. 
  gained a few pounds though . 
  run austria !, 
  run !, 
  i assume stupidly high taxes mean very good public services though ? 
  i remember going to norway and we stopped in a place called mo i rana and they actually have to use helicopters to take someone to hospital . 
  i do n't live in portugal , but i will say it is gorgeous in porto . 
  i can feel my bank account emptying just replying to you : (, 
  ah thank you for the summary  so much i did n't know about baltic history !, 
  what different paths were they ? 
  honestly if we left i do n't think the average spaniard cares too much about gibraltar ( then again , i have no idea , i just assume spaniards would be already quite tired in terms of independence/joining movements ) . 
  plus in the unlikely event that they pulled ` an argentina ' on gibraltar i 'm pretty sure we 'd get involved . 
  what do you consider more important ? 
  how good the quality of life is or how cheap it is ? 
  out of my head i instantly think countries like bulgaria and romania would be the cheapest in terms of making your money go the furthest . 
  what 's your job by the way ? 
  nice and shouty authoritarian commands , suits your flag and your countries pro war history / s. 
  seriously though , it was figure of speech apparently . 
  what ? 
  he did n't even mention a demographic . 
  unless you want to call politicians an ethnic group or a biological sex . 
  you went straight into the deep end without a reason for it . 
  whilst i do n't want us to be a us state , i would love a sexy anglo-commonwealth ( sorry india et al ) with more integration . 
  we could call it ... new bricanadustralia . 
  well the syrians love turkey so much they 're moving there in droves / s, 
  uk + portugal best alliance of my life, 
  do n't you hate it when your german friend turns into a rectangle and steals your apfelstrudel ? 
  we can let scotland float off into the north sea and make cyprus a hat !, 
  are you not friends with your baltic buddies ? 
   my prediction is that the uk wo n't vote out this referendum . 
  they do n't understand it , they 'll vote for what they feel is safe . 
  are you calling the average british electorate stupid/ill-imformed/don ' t care ? 
  well actually , now that i think about it ... you 're right though , people will vote for the status-quo . 
  especially with the level of fear mongering by the mainstream media i 've been seeing . 
  i think if we do stay in ( despite duo-utopic and doom and gloom predictions if we leave ) we need to actually grab the fucker by the reigns and help the eu in moving forward . 
  the current parliamentary system and the commission reek like a soviet bloc style politburo and we need to help prevent franco-german dominance in the eu . 
  mmm , nommy . 
  that 's a shame :(, 
  what 's cinnabon ? 
  can you not go in the countryside ? 
  :( what country are you in ? 
  russia must have a ridiculous amount of roads . 
  i wonder how many are in this condition - let alone paved . 
  shitty roads or drones ? 
  i did n't even know camra was a thing until now !, 
  real ale . 
  you 're mistaken , the usa smells like grilled cheese and gunpowder . 
  victory . 
  victory and lions . 
   in mathematics , holomorphic functions are the central objects of study in complex analysis . 
  a holomorphic function is a complex-valued function of one or more complex variables that is complex differentiable in a neighborhood of every point in its domain . 
  as a psychologist , i have no idea what you 're talking about :d, 
  gender identity takes an explosive new turn in this action packed sequel !, 
  still got the commonwealth , 
  it would n't be recognised as a mental illness due to how many thiests there are in the world . 
  yet , people will laugh at pagans and shamanistic religions but the truth is mainstream religions are just as ridiculous or even moreso - they 're taken seriously only because they 're the most popular . 
  hmm , it 's like we could have prevented this somehow ... 
  i hate making decisions :( i 'm glad we got the refendum , but bleh . 
  so you 're telling me , a culture and a religion that puts women as lessers , wouldnt make the men more likely to treat women like shit ? 
  cultural relativism needs to die . 
  yes british drinking culture is bad too , but it 's the same country that started the industrial revolution , has some of the best lgbt rights in the world and is generally a very tolerant country . 
  as there good bits of mena cultures ? 
  ofcourse . 
  but the bad bits need to go . 
  culture is more than just music , celebration and food . 
  people are completely defined by culture and it plays a huge part of your identity .
