  alcohol destroyed my granddads life . 
  i will at some point , ca n't go into his study right now , 
  considering how much religious outrage there is in the world , i think i 'm entitled to be at least a little mad . 
  i think it degrades society . 
  i do n't drink booze myself either . 
  religious beliefs should never be a privilege . 
  if you want to pray at your church or mosque fine , but you should be expected to pay for those buildings yourselves . 
  also people seem to forget that america is a secular nation , but god forbid you ever try and get in power as a non-christian . 
  then again it 's not just a kasich thing , he 's quite tame , all politicians in the states have to pander to these delusional idiots halting progress . 
  go pray , just keep it the fuck out of politics . 
  is n't that from a nationalist perspective though ? 
  i do n't really know much about it but it seems like he 's keen to try and promote american interests . 
  my dad has two of his books . 
  they are really insane . 
  might take some pictures of the inside of one if anyone is interested . 
   makes for a good headline though . 
  that it does . 
  if anything the fear politics surrounding jihadism is just as bad for freedom as the terrorists themselves . 
  that 's a decent piece . 
  might post it to / r/sandersforpresident just to annoy them . 
  people like to rag on obama , and yes he has done more to create racial clashes and what not , but he is tame compared to clinton . 
  how is trump very bad for free trade ? 
  edit : i 'm just asking a question . 
  no need to downvote . 
  i think alcohol should be even more heavily taxed . 
  i thought he was being sarcastic . 
  yeah that 's pretty weird . 
  news in 2200 : cyborg grand empress of the british galactic empire elizabeth celebrates her 274th !, 
  why do the two groups hate each other ? 
  yeah , its not like their own ethnic group or anything . 
  they just refuse ro intergrate . 
  not to mention racist . 
  very very racist . 
  you do n't want to be labelled a racist , right ? 
  thanks  did n't realise google existed . 
  x.x edit : is the king the one with the most stolen bmw badges on his tracksuit ? 
  well we 're basixally europe 's america . 
  i dont support legalising it , maybe decriminaling it , because it 's messed up two of my ex friends good . 
  one is a paranoid vegetable that spends # 50 + a week on weed that he pays for from his parents , another stole from me to pay for weed . 
  i sold one of my lungs and my car to donate !, 
  whose that ? 
  occasionally i 'll google street view places like bucharest . 
  you can always tell if a certain house is owned by a rich roma :p, 
  they settle on fields , beg , get forced to move and trash the place . 
  cut the benefits then . 
  force them to work . 
  i dont deny discrimination exists towards them , but its not like they 've not been given a chance to intergrate . 
  its so fudging annoying . 
  i see them here sometimes begging in london living out of tents  . , 
  do n't be a tart m8, 
   europeans like to retain their historical grandiosity because it is easier to live in the past than to improve the present . 
  funny how that basically applies to the majority of muslim immigrants in your country now . 
  do we all want to live in a egalitarian utopia ? 
  sure . 
  but we need to set the ground work first . 
  labour probably has quotas , hence being less white . 
  i think people should get jobs based on their abilities rather than race, 
  do you know why whites dominate the government ? 
  because the uk is full of whites . 
  emperor sandero !, 
  handicapable ? 
  cant keep up with the labels . . 
  i thought it sounded a bit nazi . 
  constaninople best nople, 
  how about germania ? 
  pandaria ? 
  rename london to londinium and britain to britannia . 
  nihon ( sunrise land ) is japan in japanese . 
  we could be sunless land , 
  thats so cute lol, 
  i like it . 
  i 'd imagine they 're not all passenger ships, 
  migrants should use toyboatas . 
  using horse powered computers ? 
  is it a good cucumber ? 
  they thought labour was gunna win the election xd also corbyn ( pbuh ) is loved by them . 
  did n't he change his name and moved to france ? 
  or is he still in jail ? 
  is it cze-chee-ah ? 
  you would know would n't you , germany . 
  this upsets me , hugs are fucking awesome . 
  maybe i 've been americanised . 
  i 'd like a hug : /, 
  `` the global elite will lose money if you plebs leave ! '', 
  is everything ok now ? 
  wow , four months . 
  that 's probably because most are n't genuine refugees . 
  are n't you guys like 82 % muslim now ? 
  we could totally start the empire ^ ^ ^ tm again :d ... :d ? 
  pls, 
  am i the only one who does n't think the uk will leave ? 
  we 'll wuss out and stick with the status quo imo . 
  oh good . 
  i feel less shitty . 
  go pour red paint on yourselves too , idiots . 
  galaxy . 
  either that or the shell chocs . 
  beebs is biased against corbyn the same way they are against farage , its because hes anti establishment , not because he 's a leftie . 
  we 're not stubbon !, 
  =p we 're just superior as an island / s,
