  completely shut down any debate on the topic which makes the far-right more fervent and disillusioned and the far-left more authoritarian and anti-democratic . 
  well no , my sexual orientation is my and my partners business only . 
  the only reason i even mention it is if it 's relevant to something . 
  we really need to endorse secularism more . 
  i 'm just sick of people using my identity as a political tool , either for or against . 
  me being a patriotic european and me sleeping with the same sex have nothing to do with each other . 
   totally understand , everything is equivalent . 
  well some on the right wing think i 'm a communist purely based on my sexuality and the left wing think i 'm a nazi because i 'm a patriotic european and want stricter immigration laws . 
  ( and god forbid , want europe to have a majority europeans ) . 
   our fighter jets are not allowed to fly at night because apparently the cockpit lights blind the pilots . 
  lol . 
  but the ` anti ' fascists who attack these marches * consistently * causing violence are peace loving martyrs right ? 
  pegida and other groups like that finnish odin lot is a ** direct ** response to the lack of representation by the politicians . 
  nationalists popping up all over europe is n't a random occurrence . 
  dae pegida = nazis ! 1 in all seriousness though , pegida does have skinhead neo nazi assholes . 
  does n't make pegida by default a neo nazi organisation . 
  they need to do what fn and ukip did/does , kick out all the nazis and save face or the media will continue to discredit pegida based on the extremist minority . 
  maybe i can understand given germany 's history , but i 'm waaay more afraid of islamist views . 
  i do n't know what to think of them . 
  as a bisexual the last thing want to see happen is islamic homophobic , sexist and transphobic ideas becoming more common place and generally i want less immigration . 
  but looking at some of the [ pegida banners ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/30/pegida_demonstration_in_dresden_am_05.01.2015_%2816084446507%29.jpg/1920px-pegida_demonstration_in_dresden_am_05.01.2015_%2816084446507%29.jpg ) from marches they 're not a fan of the lgbt community either . 
  so do i want to support people who might hate me for being a sinner and committing haram acts who want me to have less rights as a woman also , or do i want to support people who 'd label me as a degenerate ? 
  of course from the pegida side it is a minority , but it 's still a stodgy situation . 
  that 's not ironic at all . 
  the politburo has their large estates and lots of money whilst the worker eats state owned bread . 
  it 's not a completely free market , but it 's not socialism lol . 
  it 's capitalist with a big welfare system . 
  is left wing economics not inherently authoritarian ? 
  ask them what type of christian they are :d, 
  is our wealth distribution really that bad ? 
  seems like everything outside of london is poor af . 
  i think self-flagellation is associated with the overtly pious . 
  i 'm fine with living in western corpocracy compared to totalitarian theocracy . 
  i do n't know that saudi will go bankrupt , but that 's what i 'm hoping for . 
  what would be best would be a liberal revolution within islam , shunning backward imams like we do with sycophant pastors and some of their ridiculous views . 
  note : this is n't an attack against you as a person - sorry if it appeared that way - i just hate everything about theocracy . 
  delusion should not be a basis of power or how to create laws . 
  if you want to be muslim and adhere to the rules , so be it , just do n't expect preferential treatment and do n't impose your rules or views on others . 
  could be worse :|, 
  tax prosciutto cotto, 
  lots of the extreme islamist views they have can be attributed to saudi though . 
  i 'd guess i 'd call it terrorist attacks , murders , rapes , etc. 
  i do n't n eed to be a liberal to understand how fucked saudi society is . 
  i 'm not even a liberal , least when it comes to immigration at least . 
  when half your population lacks basic human rights , let alone any other minorities be it ethnic , religious , lgbt , political or whatever , your country has a problem . 
  your religious police beheads people in the streets for goodness sake . 
  wait until that oil runs out . 
  does saudi have any alternatives for income or will it descend back into chaos ? 
  saudi is fine for the sunni arab straight men . 
  it 's awful for anyone else . 
  and i know my western media bias is showing , but i 'd rather free and poor than oppressed and wealthy . 
  edit for your edit : safe ? 
  maybe . 
  free ? 
  not at all . 
  i was n't making that argument though . 
   many of my friends who have been in europe say it is much safer in sa yeah , if you 're a law and religious law obeying straight male sunni muslim . 
  i 'm a woman who wears her hair down . 
  i 'm probably liable to getting raped or at the very least sexually harassed in most muslim majority countries at one point or another . 
  in fact it 's probably illegal for me to even go outside on my own without a male escort . 
  saudi is relatively peaceful because it 's totalitarian and very rich . 
  same with other gulf states like oman . 
  remove the wealth and remove the dictatorship , and tribal , ethnic , religious and political factions start civil wars . 
  granted the west and russian involvement in arab countries have done a lot of bad things - the iranian 53 coup was one of the worst things my nation ever did there and i feel awful about it . 
  but the middle east has a fuck ton of problems which have nothing to do with our involvement . 
  also , take some damn refugees from syria . 
  little jordan and turkey have to take a huge amount whilst the gulf sits pretty with air conditioned cities used for hajj . 
  what ever happened to muslims looking after other muslims ? 
  or will your state just fund more wahhabi mosques in europe ? 
   i realy ca n't believe that people here are not capable of an orderly discussion and simply downvote without even giving a reason . 
  you literally just downvoted me , i never downvoted you . 
  also it is not all germany 's fault , you 're right , but if they want to act like the head of europe they 'd better accept that a lot of blame will be thrown their way - rightly or wrongly . 
  rekt, 
  sweden went from being reddit 's sweet heart liberal democratic pseudo-socialist utopia to being labelled as a country that mistook naivety for generosity and the goal of multiculturalism too far . 
  actually the answer was multiculturalism . 
  edit : the video was good but a bit try hard though . 
  high level crime does n't happen that much so of course a murder should be shocking . 
  maybe in the middle east where it 's an hourly thing i can understand why it is less shocking . 
  it 's like the end of a civ 5 game when you get bored so just decide to declare war on everyone , 
  we 'll make our own eu !, 
  with ubermensch and hookers !, 
  opening the door to everyone who shows up at germany 's doorstep did not help at all . 
  what , a broke country having to deal with hundreds of thousands of migrants fucking with the tourism industry and social order on hundreds of islands ca n't cope ? 
  no more schengen for you / s, 
   germany declared they could take on unlimited migrants and stopped checking passports for fuck sake . 
  wan na make a federalised eu without germany ? 
   denmark can have a southern playground , too . 
   the people have the government they deserve . 
  do n't discredit how powerful a state controlled media is . 
  oligarch scramble v2 ? 
  grr : /, 
  we 're trying as best as we can :(, 
  why is n't europe allowed to make policies or videos like that ? 
  because this is supposed to be a first world continent with first world low crime rates and first world morals . 
  it 's directly connected to it if we are talking about a street perspective . 
  i wish they would keep the original dub with subs . 
  as a native english speaker who wants to learn languages the last thing i want to watch is something dubbed poorly into english x.x watching occupied on sky arts currently ... so glad they kept the original norwegian and added english subs . 
  in terms of risk i would n't dare taking ex . 
  who knows what shit dealers line it with . 
  less redditing more wodkaing !,
