  what do non-english speaking places think about that ? 
  in many countries now ( especially countries that do n't use the latin script ) they 'll incorporate english into everything . 
  would n't czech shops have non-english names anyway ? 
  wow it 's almost like people do n't want to live in their own country !, 
  i 'll just go to germany and ask them at the job tree for a job . 
  poor greece :( ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ literally, 
  watch out germany !, 
  germans are coming !, 
  if they are extremely pro-turkey , why are they living in germany ? 
  why not go back to turkey ? 
  notice me . 
  notice me caring about horrible events . 
  look at me !, 
  - everyone with a french flag on facebook . 
  took you a while to realise . 
  the political shift here happened a while back . 
  not without reason , however . 
  the difference is caring about your country is at least caring about the tangible . 
  people exist , cultures exist , laws exist and history exists . 
  with religion it is literally just faith . 
  it 's not tangible at all . 
  cool . 
  we can turn the netherlands into a swimming pool , 
  i have no idea why we use manuals . 
  much rather use an auto . 
  can i drive one of my poncy tiny european cars ? 
  and make sure my car is an automatic and 4 wheel drive right ? 
  need to apply for that handgun now . 
  damn government interference ... 
  glad it 's still a manual . 
  i do n't want to be poked with baguettes :( i wan na be poked with hotdogs :d, 
  i literally do n't drink tea :p i 've a black coffee drinker . 
  totally , dude !, 
  aloominum rocks , man !, 
  or something . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 i 'd rather be a us state !, 
  yeah , you heard me france , if that is indeed your real name . 
  only if you own a latest gen playstation . 
  if brexit occurs the sky will literally fall and portugal will sink into the ocean . 
  wow . 
  how lovely . 
  god damn brits !, 
  comin over here and being old :(, 
  i 'm a brit learning spainish ... can i visit the beaches ? 
  oh , i forgot about those . 
  yeah , eu 's first . 
  rotterdam is n't a capital , 
  women are not allowed to roam the threads of reddit without a husband !, 
  europe 's first muslim mayor of a capital iirc . 
  see what i mean ? 
  they know they 've finally got control of the continent !, 
  we are one country out of many in the parliament . 
  it 's a trap portugal !, 
  how is it reformable ? 
  we could be a counterweight to german dominance though . 
  france is basically germanys puppet, 
  i 'm sure barry can see 3 years into the future . 
  if you think it 's all about immigration i you 're talking to the wrong people . 
  i actually want to vote for mps that have some power . 
  i do n't want us to adopt that abortion of a currency the euro in 2020 , i do n't want to have to complete with 500 million people for jobs and i do n't find it funny . 
  people in remain say need to stay to be influential and relevant , but at the same time think we 're big enough to reform the eu . 
  it 's unreformable and trading blocs are so 20th century now that we have access to trade with anyone in the world . 
  this is such a swedish comment, 
  all these americans think trump 's wall is going to make america great again . 
  bitch hungary did it first !, 
  what 's with the camera ? 
  hi drunk i 'm dad, 
  expensive there ? 
  doki :(, 
  if you think germany is the best then why dont you marry it !, 
  you wish :d, 
  doki doki doki, 
  we have caravan homes , though . 
  i suppose . 
  i suppose so . 
  i just feel the least european out of the european countries . 
  we 're like little america * shudders *, 
  i do n't think we 're anything but european , but i hardly feel european . 
  not just geographically speaking . 
  culture , politics , etc. 
  ah i know , 
  i 'm not sure how good that is . 
  i mean english as a second language sure , but as the first ? 
  yes yes , let the anglophone run through you !, 
  you will always be out of milk . 
  londoner here and most of my hate is toward other londoners lol, 
  weird ? 
  how so ? 
  same with norwegian which i am learning . 
  people are like - why ? 
  probably become a new party to rival the tories or the more old school labour supporters . 
  to be fair from a purely aesthetic standpoint i think the confederate flag looks really cool . 
  i can understand why people uneducated on the history or meaning of it would see it as nothing more than a cool looking flag . 
   world power * snorts *, 
  that 's kinda cool . 
  reminds me of an air force though . 
  yeah . 
  i mean even [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/t2scjo2.jpg ) is better than the eu flag i think ... and that is one bleh flag . 
  edit : why am i being downvoted for stating an opinion ? 
  from a purely aesthetic perspective , ignoring politics and the like , what is your opinion on the design of the eu flag ?
