yup !, 
  whoa you must be rich to be able to afford internet : ddd, 
  they ca n't even be bothered to call you poor anymore : /, 
  polanime . 
  make it happen !, 
  muh oldest ally, 
  poor portugal :(, 
  they always got ta mention how it relates to america, 
  very pretty . 
  yeah totes amazing . 
  poland can not into space , but poland can into all our hearts, 
  sometimes i think people forget belarus is even a thing . 
  vladimiar trump , supreme shitposter of the usassr, 
  like half the people here are americans though, 
  it 's almost like the media wants us to have a war . 
  you can be secularist as an identity . 
  it should n't be a clash of christianity vs islam but rather secularism vs political religion . 
  how about actually enforcing a secular system ? 
  political agitators . 
  i would n't side with these thugs but ... terrorists ? 
  lol . 
   in england the women are fugly i 'm at least a six ... :(, 
  small yet stronk !, 
  moon muslims !, 
  it was 2 , 
   nato will be dismantled soon as trump gets elected . 
  it 's how you keep your population distracted from internal issues . 
  see : argentina 's invasion of the falklands . 
  no idea , just seems like an eastern european trope here lol . 
   i 'm studying logistics i thought only poles were truck drivers ? 
  :p / s, 
  not sure if it 's pay walled or region locked , but here is the article : ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- women and children are among eight syrian refugees reportedly shot dead by turkish border guards while trying to reach safety . 
  footage obtained by the times showed survivors of the alleged attack fleeing down a mountain path for treatment to their injuries . 
  one man was seen carrying his young son , who appeared to be bleeding heavily from gunshot wounds in both legs . 
  abdmunem kashkash , a lawyer from aleppo who was with the group but escaped injury , said they had been repelled by gunfire several times before attempting the crossing near the syrian town of khirbet . 
  `` there was one little girl who was shot and we could not do more for her for four hours , until nightfall , '' he told the times . 
  `` an old man and woman are missing - they have probably been killed too . '' the un high commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) said it was investigating sunday 's reported killings . 
  `` the unhcr is concerned about such reports but can not ascertain the authenticity at this stage , '' he told the independent . 
  `` we are seeking further information on such concerning reports and we continually advocate for broader access to safety for civilians fleeing conflict in syria . 
  `` we understand the complex security issues at play in managing a very long border in a volatile region , and we encourage authorities to allow civilians in need of international protection to seek safety . '' the agency said it was unable to monitor the full length of turkey 's 500 mile-long border with syria , which mostly backs on to conflict zones mostly controlled by kurdish rebels , isis and the opposition . 
  the alleged shooting is the latest in a series of reported attacks on syrian refugees by border forces in turkey , which is to receive millions of euros as part of a deal with the eu aiming to slow boat crossings to greece . 
  more than 2.7 million syrians are already living in turkish territory , where some of the new funding is being used to improve conditions at squalid and overcrowded refugee camps . 
  families who fled the worsening violence in aleppo last month told the independent that turkish police were regularly opening fire . 
  a young woman called fatima said she saw border guards shoot a young girl . 
  `` she did n't speak turkish so did n't understand when they shouted ` get away ! ''' she recalled . 
  `` the guards opened fire . '' the uk-based syrian observatory for human rights claimed that at least 16 people seeking sanctuary in turkey had been shot dead by the end of march , including three children . 
  `` it 's in all areas . 
  it happens to people coming from idlib , aleppo , isis areas , kurdish areas , '' a spokesperson told the independent . 
  humanitarian organisations and doctors have reported shootings for several months , as well as routine beatings and asylum seekers being rounded up and forced back into syria . 
  amnesty international said up to 100 syrian men , women and children had been expelled on a `` near-daily basis '' since january in a violation of turkish , eu and international law . 
  `` turkey is not a safe country for syrian refugees and is getting less safe by the day , '' said john dalhuisen , its director for europe and central asia . 
  `` far from pressuring turkey to improve the protection it offers syrian refugees , the eu is in fact incentivising the opposite . '' human rights watch called on turkey to `` stop shooting at syrians '' and allow them to reach safety as isis closed in on border camps housing thousands of refugees earlier this month . 
  `` as civilians flee isis fighters , turkey is responding with live ammunition instead of compassion , '' said gerry simpson , the group 's senior refugee researcher . 
  shootings have also been reported at other borders during a crackdown on the flow of refugees across europe . 
  a man from afghanistan was shot dead by police in bulgaria in october in what border officials said was an accident as they attempted to arrest a group of 50 migrants . 
  does n't adhere to the mainstream , he means . 
   white supremacists campaigning for brexit . 
  who ? 
  meh , marie is n't like her father who literally is a nazi cunt , but yeah , even she is a bit too radical . 
  i mean we own a lot of places . 
  i wonder whhat rhodesia has to say about it . 
  wait , wrong century . 
  why are n't you telling us to shake it all about . 
  welp . 
  ukip already said they do n't want anything to do with her , i do n't see how this is a good thing . 
  what 's that indonesia ? 
  same . 
  i 'll probably bugger off to the colonies . 
  why was this removed ... how is it offtopic ??? 
  i think people do exaggerate the ` islamisation ' of europe , but places like bradford and birmingham here in the uk are getting more and more islamic and generally foreign . 
  birmingham 's muslim population went from 14.33 % in 2001 ( already way to high ) to 21.85 % in 2011 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_birmingham#religion bradford in 2011 was 24.7 % muslim . 
  that was 5 years ago . 
  blackburn is 28.4 % , slough 23.3 % , stockholm 20 % , marseille 25 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cities_in_the_european_union_by_muslim_population and this was 5 years ago . 
  overall muslim populations might be quite low for now , but they seem to collect together . 
  it 's only exhausting because i had to exhume some plague victims because the feudal lord stole my crops , killed my husband for satanic facial hair and sold my baby . 
  yup , equality is bullshit . 
  well done . 
  sorry i took a while to respond , i had to stone a witch after she said that the earth revolves around the sun . 
  what a progressive thing to say !, 
  hi mary !, 
  cute town ( living in london your home is tiny   ) . 
  is slovenia very religious or is that just you ? 
  it 's a drug , people seem to forget that . 
  do i want to control what you can and ca n't do with your body ? 
  hence decriminalise it . 
  eu kills greece :(, 
  [ ( \u25d5 \u203f \u25d5 \u273f ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ni_fgwbmjg0 ), 
  really ? 
  i like poles . 
  we r exotik euros, 
  i think i 'm european first , then kentish , then english then least british . 
  we would sit outside for four hours a day eating and drinking if it stopped raining . 
  there is a reason i use an english flag rather than a british one . 
  i have no connection to ni/wales or scotland . 
  britain is nothing more than a political union . 
  i suspect lots of spaniards feel the same ? 
  they love to hate us  . 
  france has a new boyfriend now :(, 
  well , i admire your zeal . 
  great enough to not need to intoxicate myself to enjoy it .
