  whoa they allow you to have internet in belarus ? 
  are we doing crap as per usual ? 
  the whole deal with any cosmetic surgery is that you want it to look good but natural . 
  some americans do n't seem to understand that and so have bleach white piano keys . 
  they do n't go outside , their office chairs ca n't fit through the door . 
  / pol / is the mold on the basement walls, 
  shrek lives on the polders, 
  eurovision is on ? 
  i also find it interesting how they grovel at the fact that communism , even with stalin and mao , is still more acceptable to adhere to than fascism . 
  the issue is that after discussing fascism and reading about it , it always seems to need a presence of an enemy to fight against . 
  it 's also probably not acceptable because of nazism 's ethnocentric nature i 'd imagine . 
   think of a family father that sells everything the family owns and puts it on one big gamble in a casino . 
  either the family will be millionaires , or the family father goes home , kills his wife and kids and committs suicide . 
  germany_irl it seems that hitler had this obsession with being ubermensch , fighting against all odds . 
  according to him slavs were inferior yes ? 
  but he colossally fucked up by trying to take on the soviets and other allies at the same time ? 
  i do n't really know . 
  either way this idea of either 100 % germany or no germany worth having is pretty crazy . 
  the queen will start by headbutting obama . 
  make britain great again ? 
  best song < 3, 
  wait ... you have a austrian flag , but you 're bri'ish ? 
  what an elusive flag !, 
  aww yiss , high five deutschland !, 
  o / \\ o, 
  i want to be an imperialist again :(, 
  they 're mine !, 
  people thing we should pay reperations to the former colonies x.x, 
  alt right people, 
  my teeth are n't bad . 
  it 's just a stereotype people have of us . 
  has anyone done a sarky leprechaun voice ? 
  `` hitler was great at fixing germany before the war ! '', 
  i hear that a lot, 
  you must be like , the only luxembourger on reddit / s, 
  something something remove kebab meme, 
  british : your teeth are very good for a brit !, 
  why do n't you drink tea ? 
  have you met the queen ? 
  lol i bet there is cctv watching you now !, 
  do a posh voice !, 
  do a cockney accent !, 
  do a chav voice !, 
  do you miss the empire ? 
  when are you gunna give india money ? 
  how do you say wostershire/glostershire ? 
  do you eat crumpets ?? 
  is london a caliphate now ? 
  is it ` scone ' or ` scon ' ? 
  ( it 's scone you fools ) what football team do you support ? 
  lol what was the soviet union like ?? 
  why are you a communism ? 
  mmmm ... that looks yummy . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i thought brazil was super gay friendly ? 
  the whole carnival and rio beaches and what not :p, 
  so as a queer person the right tell me not to trust the left because they put muslim 's first before lgbt people , but the left tell me not to trust the right because they 're just using me as a tool against islam . 
  can i not just be left alone ? 
  i 'm sick of people using my identity for political means . 
  the paradox of tolerance is real . 
  3 ) united kingdom god i love being queer as a deer who does n't fear the rear . 
  ... there is ? 
  they all look so similar :(, 
  do n't post on them then . 
  fairh is only taken seriously because it 's historic and in large numbers . 
  sky news here will laugh at paganism , the actual european religion ( not middle eastern christianity or islamic imports ) because it 's seldom worshiped . 
  maybe he was being downvoted at the time . 
  but yes , its stupid . 
  anti-migrant isnt an uncommon position here, 
  much like the tories in the uk , they barely qualify as actual conservatives . 
  where do you live ? 
  does the domestic media talk about it ? 
  shh be quiet , only white people owned slaves / s, 
  :( i 'll move to scandivania or spain , where i am appreciated !, 
  i do n't drink tea . 
  it 's nasty , coffee all the way . 
  my kingdom for a horse !, 
  ok i am ignoring this post . 
  * twiddles thumbs *, 
  just need to fix those silly timezones m8 . 
  if you want into europe you need to up your sunglasses game . 
  what is abbot even wearing there ? 
  i do n't see israel . 
  you might want to put an nsfw tag ? 
  idk . 
  ah , chechnya sounds like such a fun place to live . 
  oh no i 'm not talking about branding or anything like that , i mean stuff like road signs and the like . 
  \u00e1 la the labour party here since the 90s . 
   considering most immigrants are tax payers we would lose out economically . 
  because they also magically do n't take out of the system apparently . 
    hmm . 
   hmm . 
  hmm . 
  canada is a fruit salad . 
  i like your analogies . 
  very healthy . 
  labour are basically useless now in my opinion . 
  they 've lost scotland completely , having their votes taken away by ukip and the greens , all while the tories laugh all the way to the 2020 election . 
  these people need a job . 
  that 's probably the most fucked up diabolical plan i 've heard in a while .
