  we should just put mentally ill peoplee back in asylums too / s, 
  and where are the parents ? 
  you 'd be throwing gates at people d :, 
  brb gunna cry on a toilet older than your country/s, 
  is ni kicking off again ? 
  i would have thought they 'd grow up by now -_-, 
  it 's stupid . 
  it would be racist to claim that x ethnicity is more likely to commit crime if you said it 's because of their skin colour rather than saying it 's because of culture , which seems to be the case . 
  because they 're not used to the criticism , if only non russian media or peoples are critical of the russian state it must be outsider ` russophobia ' if that makes sense . 
  well they 're not exactly wrong . 
  nice username btw, 
  why do n't we just hurry it up and let turkey join the eu already / s, 
  brb starting the kip ( kent independence party ), 
  is criticism of the russian government common in russian mainstream media ? 
  if not i can understand why they 'd get defensive . 
  which happens to be the left side . 
  which is the right side . 
  japan and australia do it too . 
  and a few others . 
  driving on the right side . 
  and by right side i mean left side . 
  squaaaaaaaaak, 
  finnish , japanese , hungarian , norwegian and [ greenlandic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp-fckkhg7m ), 
  i honestly think french is overrated . 
  it can sound elegant and ` cultured ' but often it can be quite ugly sounding . 
  uhm , bless you . 
  hungarian sounds awesome , but apparently it 's one of the hardest european languages to learn ? 
  very sexy bridge . 
  so many planes d :, 
  opening both of these images literally crashed my browser . 
  that 's how big your damn navy is . 
  thanks obama . 
   even if no one really hates them . 
  hahahahahahaha that 's what you think \u00f3_\u00f3 nah , they are our southern buddies . 
  psst , hey greece , give us some of that weather \u00f3_\u00f3 . 
  what kind of brits did they pick ? 
  i know this is half jokey and maybe i am a nerd but i could probably place most us states correctly . 
  why am i getting competitive over this ? 
  yes , lets pour red paint over the blood spilled . 
  all i can think when i see people like this is `` get a damn job '', 
  you guys have boats ? 
  who the fuck is phil jones ? 
  nothing serious , he just tripped up on those cobblestones . 
  that makes it sound like the uk is poo and if we leave the eu can function properly ... ... hey wait a minute !, 
  i have  no idea, 
  well i think the biggest issue with voting in the uk is postal voting abuse . 
  labour ( though i 'm sure other parties have done it too ) is especially fond of visiting the homes of the politically apathetic or the too bloody lazy to vote themselves asking if they want to vote labour and that they 'll sort it for them . 
  well unless you can guess what names are on what lists in what polling stations , you 're not voting . 
  i 'd also imagine if you voted claiming to be someone on that list , and then they come in and try and vote , the vote would be nullified . 
  but yeah , i do see your point about neighbours . 
  i take back what i said there . 
  well you completely fucked it up already . 
  at least finland does n't have hundreds of thousands of people clambering to it 's shores each month . 
  nil . 
  as much as a hate merkel i do n't think trying to ruin germany will fix the situation or change their minds . 
  i do n't know what the german electorate think of merkel but for gods sake elect someone more sensible when you can :(, 
  yeah but all the kids in the pictures in the media that i see all have 25 phds . 
  the people despise them . 
  if the states of europe actually acted like they had any gumption and bollocks they would n't be here acting like we owe them the world . 
  it seems like germany and sweden have many left wing parties , who barely differ on the things that matter and then the only right wing party they have have gone too far right ( afd/sverigedemokraterna ) . 
  they end up getting isolated from the rest of the mainstream politics . 
  sky news is a big fan of it too , their facebook migrant related articles are completely swamped with comments claiming their bias . 
  you get sent a polling card after you register as a voter ( i.e a citizen and you hit all the requirements to vote ) ~ ~ that you need to have with you to vote . ~ ~ that tells you which polling station has your name on it 's list . 
  i could n't vote for anyone else apart from myself unless i voted for someone by proxy , but that clearly requires the persons permission . 
  i 've also heard feds before . 
  and the issue is the euroskeptics say ` the eu is useless , that 's why we need to leave ' and the pro-federalists say ` the eu is useless , that 's why we need to integrate more ! ', 
  yup . 
  i 'm a woman and apparently i 'm a racist for opposing an ideology that treats me as a lesser . 
  tread easy on that moral pedestal of yours , one day it will fall down . 
  usually people start throwing buzzwords when they start losing a debate , clearly western appeasers of islam are struggling . 
  i wonder why . 
  now you 're speaking my language ;d, 
  one people , one land , one cuppa . 
  one queen and one kettle . 
  ftfy :d, 
  is that the weird bread that crumbles like plasterboard ? 
  [ what the f. . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaw_re6azeg&amp;index=94&amp; ), 
  : c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tth7bbe2d78 i 'm gunna cry now . 
  topkek . 
  i thought you loved me, 
  . . i actually prefer coffee to tea :( . 
  *** triggered *** but if it 's good enough for the irish it 's good enough for us :3, 
  fiiiine we wo n't leave !, 
  i-it 's okay if you want to hang with your continental buddies : / we 'll be here , crying in the corner . 
  thank you  to make it up to you i 'll vote for ireland in eurovision , 
  electro swing is a pretty good genre yeah :d, 
  we have to beat you guys at rugby because you always beat us at eurovision !, 
  yay democracy !, 
  a half decent pair compared to what we usually get . 
  still wo n't win though :(, 
  i know nothing about irish politics ( probably quite ignorant due to their proximity to us ) but good luck to the good guys !, 
  whichever party they are  also be prepared to get your butts kicked at rugby today  edit : irish butts indeed kicked !, 
  pro : pretty good economy compared to many other european countries . 
  con : the weather . 
  con : london . 
  pro : growing up to speak arguably the world 's most useful second language . 
  con : you 're monolingual by default . 
  yeah but do you squat while playing it ? 
  sweden has to catch all 195 countrymon for it 's swedex . 
  currently missing a few , including russiamon and togan :p,
