  are you new here or something ? 
  yup , it was a joke , 
  i love that smuggled banned welsh flag at the end . 
  eurovision is political . 
  what a new turn of events / s, 
  arent you supposed to be working on my new kitchen rather than watching eurovision ? 
  countrieswithoutfiskbullarvision, 
  if we leave the eu i think they might throw us out of eurovision :(, 
  or germany or poland :(, 
  it 's been like that for a while . 
  russia got punished last time , now germany is getting punished it seems . 
  why would they care about the most fruity thing on european television ? 
  yes !, 
  does anyone feel like germany was punished this eurovision ? 
  i know it 's silly but people are political with their eurovision votes . 
  either way , congratulations to ukraine  you deserved it !, 
  putin 's chest hair got in the way . 
  maybe it 'll finally get the criticism it needs . 
  i never knew oslo was a giant russian nipple . 
  do you think erdogan is radical or capable enough to try and subvert democracy before then to protect his power ? 
  i wonder what he 'll do post referendum ? 
  i mean maybe eventually we could create artificial waterways , making places like inner australia or southern egypt/morocco , etc could be more habitable . 
  well he appears to model himself and his politics on her . 
  i think farage , like trump , likes to focus more on conjecture rather than raw figures in debates , that seems to work . 
  and i do n't know , i mean , nick clegg i always thought was a good speaker , but farage roasted him . 
  that 's what they called us ? 
  that jingle will be stuck in my head forever . 
  sandcastles and siberian chippies . 
  watch out russia !, 
  oh even now i get attacked for listening to him on lbc . 
  i honestly think if we end up leaving the eu farage will go down in history ( for better or for worse ) with the likes of thatcher or powell . 
  actually i 'm a pirate . 
  do n't worry , we still love danissssssssssssssssh bacon , 
  it 's gunna be a great debate . 
  does n't matter what you think of farage , he 's a great debater . 
  there is a minority russian speaking doorhandle community being oppressed by x nation . 
  we have it in some stores here i think . 
  i do n't know if it 's the same thing , but it tasted like feet . 
  orbital dropbears of course . 
  they drop out of orbit . 
  when does turkey have it 's next election ? 
  what 's the main opposition that could vote him out ? 
  so wait ... no more cyka blyat ? 
  native english english speaker here and as someone who loves to learn languages , i feel like i am at a disadvantage . 
  it seems my other fellow europeans are bilingual by default :(, 
  you often see old people on may day in russia praising stalin and i 'm just sitting here like ... why ? 
  just dump a load of solar panels there ... or convicts , 
  all that ... unused land ... so many resources ... [ imperialism intensives ], 
  yeah australia , mister 90 % of my land is nothing but dust and dropbears !, 
   #bremain oh god that 's a thing now, 
  man , we are tiny :[, 
  why do n't people who oppose homosexuality mind their own business ? 
  if you do n't like gay sex , do n't have gay sex . 
  if people are getting bitchy about pride marches , maybe they stop oppressing homosexuals and transgender people and the marches will go away . 
  they exist for a reason you know . 
  great , do n't have gay sex then , problem solved !, 
  sorry for my bad england , i am from russian !, 
  yeah , they 're all fucking hypocrites . 
  equal marriage exists in many countries , and they are still perfectly fine . 
  social equality is definitely not the same as financial equality ... 
  yes i know about nynorsk and bokmal  apparently nynorsk is n't used that much ? 
  is it a political thing ? 
  also thanks for the video :d, 
  oh that 's cool  one thing i 'm scared about norwegian , is like here in the uk , we have a stupid amount of dialects and accents similar to norway . 
  if i am learning standard oslo norwegian , is that fine for any part of norway ? 
   homosexuality will never be acceptable it already is in many parts of the world , pumpkin . 
  it 's the same double standard that means that gay men in some african and middle eastern countries can be killed or jailed for homosexuality but if two women do it it 's perfectly fine apparently . 
  equating equal marriage to communism ? 
  really ? 
  ah that 's cool . 
  kinda a shame etiquette classes do n't really exist anymore . 
  also i 'm learning norwegian ... you said you 're from sweden , a bit random but i 'm trying to figure out if your name means anything :p i know kona is ` the wife ' but maybe it 's just a coincidence . 
   i just read a lot of etiquette books what a very nich\u00e9 hobby : o and meh , i just before scones . 
  what part of the country are you in where they say scon ? 
  sorry : l scon just sounds so silly imo . 
  you 're welcome , 
  yeah , that really upsets me . 
  not even so much for the politics , just for the fact of the tactics the ira used . 
  actually it 's fizzlenak and booptinkle . 
  of course they 're baltic . 
  that was catchy , but oh so camp xd, 
  oh god ... that is the worst thing :d, 
   so it was probably a part of both for hitler . 
  massive overconfidence and ideolocial blindness . 
  not a good combination . 
  not to mention ignoring his generals who actually knew what was tactically sound and was not . 
  it seems he just rode on glory through the entire thing . 
  it 's an interesting subject because i do wonder what facts have been altered by the allies post-war to get a true picture , but it 's hard to do so without sounding like a holocaust denying fruitcake . 
  just ignore them ( some americans who claim to be super irish ) . 
  they annoy me just as much as they do you . 
  especially the ira stuff x_x, 
  i do n't even support the uk . 
  so what defines europe to you ? 
  culture ? 
  religion ? 
  geography ? 
  scientific consensus does put both russia and turkey in europe , even if only a tiny part are in the continent and even if they are both different culturally etc. 
   oh are you now ? 
  where abouts are you from mate ? 
  `` dis clover tattoo and these ira posters prove it man ! '',
