  see how good they are at interior design :d, 
  clearly the best way to get a woman to love you is by treating the entire sex as a monogamous herd of reproductive machines / s, 
  why do they feel the need to use drag queens and cross dressers to represent gays ? 
  nothing against cross dressers , but your average gay guy is n't like that . 
  it 's perpetuating a stereotype that causes homophobia in the first place ... 
  antifa act more fascist than pegida do . 
  european  english  british and dare i say it  white, 
  conclusion : / r/europe is filled with people who have a different opinion to me . 
  ftfy . 
   i am left-wing and anti-immigration same ... no parties exist for us x.x you 're either left wing and pro-mass immigration or right wing and pro-immigration . 
  us mainland british just want what the falkland british want ... and they want to remain british . 
  they were removed, 
  we could have it so our boats do n't completely dock in calais , but are say 100 metres out into the port . 
  then build a ramp for the cars/lorries/etc so they can jump on without the migrants getting on . 
  struggled a bit to find data , but on average [ 6.3 % of the eu was comprised of non-europeans in 2013 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_europe#2010_data_for_european_union ) also while i was there , til that 21.5 % of sweden 's population are immigrants , up from 14.5 % 14 years earlier o_o, 
  there are anarchists and then there are edgy university students who think they are anarchists . 
  thy had 2 cut eu fundin of lettrs, 
  i wish i could play but eu4 looks really complicated . 
  it 's why i 'm sticking to civ 5 for the moment !, 
  putin 's beer looks like a latte : s so cloudy . 
   # 600 of which is spent on rent . 
  silly fellow englander , why are you still renting ? 
  and we in europe are supposed to deal with the problems they have for some reason . 
  i 'm with / u/pso2questions , i 'm emigrating when i get the opportunity to . 
  i have no real connection to the uk aside from the fact that i was born and raised here . 
  i would love to move to a country that actually is n't full of pessimistic people , horrendously bland weather and actually has room . 
  the north is shite , and here in london where i live it 's slightly less shite but there is no room . 
  i 've been to australia , canada and the us and the amount of space they have there is amazing . 
  we 're all crammed in here like sardines in a can . 
  i hear across the pond people actually have space between the houses and roads bigger than a path . 
  try driving a car here , you 're constantly dodging between parked cars on the side of the road , let alone having to deal with traffic coming the other way . 
  all the parking spaces around here are a squeeze too and i drive a fiat 500 for goodness sake !, 
  working and saving while i get my degree , then i am outta here . 
  to be fair it 's on their conscience too for gaming the system . 
  the dm would have a field day lol, 
  it 's funny when people are still trying to make hull a thing, 
  disregard eu reacquire empire, 
  i suppose of no one listens, 
  welp, 
  start up the thorium reactors !, 
  so they 're just going to use immigrants to stop tax payer population decline ? 
  wo n't germany eventually have a minority native population if you extrapolated it ? 
  we get to control our own currency though . 
  if their degrees and other qualifications are n't recognised they wo n't find work . 
  europe has a horrible unemployment problem anyway , let alone when millions more join the job market : /, 
  edgy as fuck . 
  a russian nationalist who spends too much time editing and playing csgo, 
  having kids . 
  it 's a very long term demographic shift . 
  does my baby come with a free phd ? 
  stay out of east london then . 
  it 's not cockney land anymore . 
  canada is north american too . 
  good !, 
  i prefer coffee =d, 
  you need a north american flag :p, 
  yeah :( got ta get outta here . 
  i 'll put it on my visit list  . 
  what 's with the canadian flag if you 're an american ? 
  has this been on french media at all ? 
  usually monks are very peaceful and quiet . 
  there should only be one type of legal system here . 
  common law . 
  ... that 's cheap as chips . 
  i mean i 'm a londoner , but dang . 
  do it then !, 
  we can all live wherever we want . 
  apart from the uk . 
  we 're an island so all your continentals better stay away because we 're special / s, 
  maybe i should visit  only ever been to the typical tourist places in the us . 
  i didnt get that reference !, 
  what about the entire community of loyalists in ni ? 
  they wo n't be uprooted so easily . 
  sorry :p you can mock the uk all you want , 
  thanks for the trees btw . 
  / s no seriously , what year is it ? 
  i do n't attack italians for the roman occupation . 
  ravioli raviloi dont forget the formuoli, 
  because they 're not in ireland . 
  you know the uk more than i do . 
  there is . 
  but it really depends on jobs . 
  even homes in towns an hour or two outside of london are really expensive . 
  if we stay in the eu it 's a real possibility i 'll go abroad , 
  so am i. i think he 's merkel 's lapdog . 
  i have no idea . 
  probably leave , but i definately will not be surprised if we stay . 
  my heart wants me to stay , my brain is a bit of both . 
  i 'll admit i am not educated enough to make an informed decision . 
  i suspect many brits arent either . 
  people will vote with their hearts . 
  55 % remain , 45 % leave . 
  if we end up leaving there will be riots from the antifa bloc and cameron will be forced to resign , boris will replace him . 
  i like farage . 
  do n't agree with everything he says but i trust him more than i would cameron or corbyn . 
  regardless of outcome farage has been the most influential politician in uk politics has had for a long time . 
  thats the guardian for you . 
  much like the ge put lab and con neck and neck , i imagine the actual result will not be that close . 
  if you genuinely think david cameron is eurosceptic ? 
  the party aint over yet baby .
