  it does n't help when you pay to educate your population , and then they come move here to work . 
  you do n't benefit unless they send money home . 
  well i 'm glad you see it for what it is . 
  i know that for me , when i eventually emigrate ( it 'll happen , i love this continent but i am out of here ) i will do my utmost to learn the deep culture of the nation i choose to immigrate to . 
  i would n't see me being an immigrant as me renouncing my englishness , but i do think i should adapt to them , not the other way around . 
   i get stared at in public transport like i 'm a terrorist , i never asked for this . 
  :( i 'm sorry if you feel like you 're being turned on : / . 
  it just makes the integration harder when you treat new immigrants like aliens who ` do n't belong here ' . 
  you 'll always have xenophobes , i do n't want to defend people stereotyping mena folk as all terrorists , because clearly that 's not true , but the crisis has had a dramatic effect on the way europeans are looking at immigration and islam . 
  if you 're a law abiding citizen and you try and integrate , i 'm sure you 'll be welcomed . 
  the dutch i think are like us brits , most of us are welcoming and decent people ,  . 
   why not take immigrants that are sure to integrate ? 
  why not do the same thing australia/canada/nz do ? 
  that would be a dream if europe did that . 
  our main issue is , we 're geographically connected to the homes of the migrants . 
  australia/nz can pick and choose easier because it 's so much harder to illegally get into australia/nz than it is to get into europe via greece or another border state of the eu . 
  why the mentality that almost all other countries on earth adopt of taking in only those who will benefit is considered offensive here is beyond me . 
  yeah , that 's a good commentary on the situation . 
  i 've had situations where i 've made a highly popular comment , but i have made the same comment again starting with `` as a feminist '' and suddenly i get turned on . 
  i spend more time defending feminism and trying to disassociate myself from the radical crowd than i do actually sharing my opinions . 
   there is just so much white noise and poo flinging that everyone ends up deaf and smelling like shit . 
  that pretty much sums up all ` us verses them ' groups . 
  yeah , some guys do intentionally sit with their legs as wide as possible and taking up too much space , but more often enough its just a matter of comfort . 
   i just wanted to say i adore english phrases like this . 
  learn some !, 
   and i agree with you . 
  it 's got its uses , but when applied to the real world and to contemporary situations it can create the paradox of tolerating intolerance . 
  i did it ironically  . 
  i do n't actually think the word racist is offensive lol . 
  well , i know liberal has a bad reputation nowadays , western egalitarian and secular values would be a better replacement . 
  thank you for an educated response . 
  this is why i do n't even bother being open with my personal views on feminism any more . 
  reddit has a certain opinion on what feminism is by extrapolating one extreme brand of it and tarring all feminists with that brush . 
  cultural relativism and scared of being called the r word is one of the biggest reasons why we 've got these issues in the first place . 
  we 're not being pragmatic enough in realising what we are doing by blending completely different cultures and ethics together is going to cause issues . 
  well of course that 's also a factor . 
  it 's a complicated issue though - we need to make sure that we can have nuanced debates on it without it devolving into a race row . 
  whoops , seems that even i am lacking in biology sometimes . 
   edited . 
  you 're confusing capitalism with global corporatism using cheap migrant labour . 
  funnily enough though , my very capitalist dad would argue the opposite to what you argued , erosion of values and traditions are in the way of the great european socialist dream :p, 
  i was n't talking about his comment - his comment is irrelevant and i do n't agree with segregation . 
  i was irritated at your lack of pragmaticism in response . 
  thinking the problem is a binary issue is what causes extremist views to get popular . 
  instead of debating him why segregation is a bad idea , you just called him a nazi . 
  how does that help anyone ? 
  isolating idiots for extremist views makes them more enraged and extremist . 
   `` they will adapt in a generation or 2 '' , that 's also a lie they tell us too . 
  the kids of the first generations who escaped radical islam tend to be more extreme than their parents . 
  grr . 
  as someone who supports and have donated to mena feminists in the past , this shit irritates the hell out of me . 
  i dared call myself a feminist even more because western feminism does n't want to focus on actual patriarchies and rape cultures in the middle east and africa . 
  actual feminists in these countries risk getting acid attacked , raped or even murdered because of these views . 
  that is the type of feminism i support . 
  except most feminists in the west occupy themselves with manspreading . 
  men sit with their legs open because ~ ~ penises ~ ~ testicles exist and i 'd imagine it would be uncomfortable to sit with your legs fully closed if you had male biology . 
  not because they are ` displaying their oppression ' or some nonsense . 
  what ? 
  it 's not a belief , it 's a fact . 
  child marriages , lack of protections for minors by the government , grooming . 
  heck , even the prophet himself endorsed it . 
  well we all know cultural relativism is a load of broken crockery . 
  i do n't understand what is radical about making sure migrants adopt western egalitarian and secular values , but apparently that logic is considered radical . 
  feminist ` retard ' here . 
  firstly , a boy is n't a man , but it 's irrelevant anyway . 
  secondly , what does feminism have to do with this to begin with ? 
  thirdly , are you making the claim that i , someone who wants to be a mother one day - would support a migrant paedophile ? 
  this waste of meat is a rapist , does n't matter who he raped . 
  i swear this kind of comment only exists on reddit . 
  thank goodness for that . 
  like , i ca n't even comprehend your comment . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  yeah , oops :p, 
  if this is your line of thinking that the german media must be working on you good ... 
  for fudge sake . 
  it 's views like your who make conversation on a topic impossible sometimes . 
  you 're not allowed a moderate view any more , it 's either 110 % pro migrants or you 're a neo-nazi . 
  try to be more pragmatic in the future . 
  no issue is black and white . 
  stop acting like it is . 
  you expect the media the report the story without injecting their own bias ? 
  what is this , logic land ? 
  what do you propose then ? 
  well if it makes you feel any better , it 's now the top proper comment below the mod warning . 
  i 'd imagine the comment was in tongue and cheek . 
  cheers , 
  well i highly doubt it 's illegal . 
  arabic i think just looks crazy in a cool way . 
  and you 're right , i think i just get the association that cyrillic looks authoritative , if that makes sense . 
  it 's not bad , just different . 
  i think i 'm at a bias as a native english speaker , written russian looks like a weird mix of latin and cyrillic . 
  i will admit though that [ cursive russian ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-d6ppnuunzhs/tkskaflgu4i/aaaaaaaaeyc/1owryaxxinq/s1600/russian.png ) looks really pretty though . 
  i mean , i get that you 're ukrainian , but just because he is russian he is n't a bad person . 
  clearly he is n't a fan of his government . 
  hey , they had their chance . 
  if they really think england is dragging them down they can go ` independent ' . 
  it looks really industrial and ` cold ' for someone like me who has no knowledge of russian or any cyrillic using languages . 
  compare that to a language like japanese , which in my opinion looks cute and preppy . 
  yup , op , 1 russian , can change the minds of 143m + ? 
  oof , burn .
