  we love you back !, 
  whose decision was it to release them early ? 
   because the information just does n't exist to make one , and both campaigns are lying through their teeth . 
  the info does exist , but you have to pull it from the shit heap of biased data from both sides : / . 
  i 'm kinda selfish in the sense that i love having the ability to move and work anywhere in the eu on a whim without complicated visas . 
  uk too cold and wet ? 
  i can take my business to spain or portugal and also save on cost of living . 
  want to go to the netherlands or denmark just for the sake of it ? 
  sure . 
  i have no idea . 
  i hate the fact that we have much , much less representation in the eu and that the eu is struggling right now , but eh . 
  you double posted this by the way , 
  * smugness intensifies *, 
  xoot xoot tibet actualry china xoot xoot, 
  in my area i 've never encountered an asshole vaper . 
  it 's all subjective . 
  but you 're assuming because you have a bad brand of vapers means that to you most vapers are bad . 
  most ? 
  doubtful . 
  bison butt !, 
   1 ) they blow large obnoxious clouds every where that stink a minority , also idk what others are vaping but vape clouds hardly smell compared to tobacco smoke . 
   2 ) they use it as an excuse to smoke in area where it has been banned i still only vape at home or outside , never indoors in a public space . 
   3 ) its just another form of addiction it 's still nicotine , so in essence it 's the same as regular smokes but far cheaper , far less harmful and helps smokers like me to cut down or quit . 
  also says fuck you to big tobacco which is always good . 
  to be honest as someone who is teetotal i can say the same about alcohol ... 1 ) drunks throwing up and causing public damage and disorder on weekends and friday evening . 
  2 ) alcohol is a socially acceptable poison and alcohol abuse is far more dangerous in the short term than smoking . 
  my lungs might not be perfect after smoking for 5 years but alcoholics get the shakes , make you overweight , fuck up your liver and quitting alcoholism can literally kill you along with benzos . 
  if anything smokers cost the nhs less because morbidly they actually die before needing geriatric treatment . 
  how many idiots end up in hospital every friday night because of booze ? 
  3 ) many casual alcohol drinkers would find it hard to give up the booze for good and go teetotal imho . 
  o / waves, 
  ahmaddiya are the very modest and tolerant brand of muslims . 
  for this , they are persecuted ( almost always by other muslims ) like [ crazy . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ahmadis ), 
  i am taking it back . 
  i mentioned it in my other comment . 
  i 'm not a rabid patriot or a nationalist of any means , i just object to the way the flag has been appropriated by thug groups like the edl to act like it is a standard for racism and white power that some edl members preach . 
  i mean , i 'm english in my opinion - sure i could use the british flag , but like the eu flag outside of this idea of togetherness and federation it 's quite useless in terms of identity . 
  what even is ` british ' ? 
  even our politicians do n't know . 
  no one has ` british ' ancestry in the same way as calling yourself european is highly general and vague . 
  i 'm frustrated that literally everything about my identity these days is being misused or appropriated . 
  i 'm english and so my own flag has negative connotations among some , i 'm lgbt , which is being used to push for political goals through identity politics which i * really * disagree with and i have an ancestry which i am celebrating in the most conformist way possible with a vegv\u00edsir [ tattoo ] ( http://data.whicdn.com/images/35854133/large.jpg ) which along with other celtic and nordic symbols has associations of white nationalism , which again as a non-racist and giant folk metal head , irritates the hell out of me . 
  i 'm going on a tangent here , but if you think identifying with ones own heritage is a lack of a personality or redeeming features so be it :p but i just think it 's fun and interesting . 
  i would n't be here and be who i am if it was n't for the unbroken chain of my genealogy . 
  no i understand , i get upset because i see my identity as being almost appropriated for political aims . 
  identity politics does n't do me any favours as it does n't for good minded gay people or black people etc. 
  my own dad even thinks i 'm some form of radical leftist because of all this and i feel i am being assumed and alienated because of a force that i have no control over , if that makes sense . 
  ` encourage transgenderism ' firstly , that 's not even a fucking word , and secondly , as someone who is both transgender and anti the pc crowd , it pisses me off that i am lumped into these groups . 
  apparently being myself makes me against traditional european culture ? 
  did i say finns in finland were n't native and original ? 
  both s\u00e1mi and finns alike are . 
  maybe i was n't clear but that definitely was n't the point i was making . 
  is s\u00e1mi culture historically been oppressed ? 
  i am of the opinion that the native or original cultures and ethnic groups around the world should have their fair share of representation . 
  whether they be aboriginals , native american/canadians , maori , etc. 
  clearly the resident is a far right , white nationalist , islamophobic , sexist , homophobic , transphobic , ableist , racist , super-duper nazi . 
  in fact anyone with an english flag flair on this subreddit should also remove them immediately and repent !, 
  ... oh in all seriousness though , for some reason the english flag has connotations of * spooky * patriotism and racism and the only acceptable time to fly it is at sporting events , apparently . 
  i do n't know if this image is fake-bait or legitimate but either way there are some idiots who definitely feel uncomfortable with the flag . 
  even our media likes to downplay englishness on that day by reminding us of things like ` st george was actually a turk ! ', 
  and ` something empire therefore feel bad ! ', 
  if you think racism has taken the flag and changed it meaning , take it back for goodness sake !, 
  i think i am in love . 
  meh i 'll pass , it 's your content . 
  just did n't expect something so ... shitposty . 
  god . 
  can i put this on / r/copypasta ? 
  i love your use of emotes . 
  i think you 're mixing up social democracy , built upon with large welfare states and actual socialism with state owned industry . 
  greek unemployment is a full time job !, 
  can you not i 'll fuckin burn that whitehouse down again m8, 
  * grabby hands *, 
  i did n't downvote you if you 've been downvoted ( scores hidden ) but i wanted him to explain why he felt it was necessary to say it . 
  sounds like one of these apologists . 
  `` christians do bad things too ! '', 
  i spilt my drink today . 
  seems like they need it , honestly . 
  your point ? 
  these people suck . 
  all the women must wear sponge suits !, 
  when the safe word is ` harder ', 
  be careful with the tinsel and baubles !, 
  sleep fixes all . 
  sweet dreams !, 
  quick , buy the tiles and get a worker improvement asap, 
  yeah i was wondering . 
  going to the context of replied comments doesnt work . 
  when muslims stop trying to crap on jews at all times , maybe i 'll listen . 
  it 's trendy to some to support palestine . 
  they do n't know what they 're actually supporting . 
  should palestine be it 's own country along with israel ? 
  sure . 
  but that wo n't happen when the terrorist group hamas is in charge , and that 's what i think of when i see that flag . 
  i 'm probably wrong here , but people see it as ` solidarity ' , i see it as a slap in the face . 
  it was islam that caused those bombings yesterday , regardless what the media will say and i just associate that flag with more islamic terrorism . 
  maybe you can find something racist to put in there , because i sure ca n't . 
  i was going to say something along the lines of '' - to see a muslim who actually objects to the constant character assassination of jews and the political pandering by pro-palestine at all events . '', 
  i see palestine flags at unrelated left wing demos , pride parades , football matches and other completely random events . 
  what for ?
