  went to one on the river and a jack and coke and a cocktail cost me like # 25 . 
  yeah !, 
  south africa was awesome for sky-seeing . 
  would n't go back though , very dangerous . 
  so france and the uk ( both around $ 42k ) have similar costs of living ? 
  whereas if i took my uk salary and moved to portugal i would get more for my money ? 
   i recall correctly , a bottle of coke in london costs like 6 pounds right ? 
  o_o goodness no !, 
  [ according to this ] ( http://www.stuckinlondon.com/londonprices.php ) a 500ml bottle of coke is # 0.85 . 
  i live in london and it 's more around # 1-1 .50 but nowhere near # 6 !, 
  ... soooo , bigger number is better ? 
  :d ( my brain does n't want to function today ), 
  i hope you do n't have a wife or any daughters . 
  geography save the queen . 
  do you even understand how stupid that question is ? 
  do you not know what culture or heritage is ? 
  why do you think you have a right to your house ? 
  or your neighbourhood ? 
  i do n't give a shit if you bought it lol , you 're being absurd clearly . 
  let me in / s, 
  who ? 
  :( i 've been to portugal three times . 
  mainly the algarve , but also to cities like porto . 
  i feel like you guys are underrated . 
  can someone eli5 for a economically-inept person like me ? 
  is this the average income of each citizen in usd or something ? 
  does it take into account cost of living etc ? 
  i 'm english and i 'm teetotal . 
  can i still visit ? 
  :( i 'm the quiet type i promise . 
  too soon . 
  d : no you can keep our trash lads !, 
   i find it kind of funny , why this particular holiday has gained such global popularity ? 
  yanks who think they 're irish . 
  yup , advert works . 
  makes ni to look like a nation full of footy hooligans . 
  99 % of your post history is russia defending . 
  if you have to spend most of your online experience defending your country , maybe your country is at fault . 
  yeah , look at egypt on google earth . 
  https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@25.9255631,31.1066349,1277906m/data=!3m1!1e3 99 % desert , 1 % green . 
  yeah i live in london , comparing the stars in the sky here to when i went to rural bloemfontein in south africa shows how much we are missing out . 
  canadian citizenship and i 'll give you a lifetime supply : ), 
  need more for that :3 if younwant jaffas . 
  see they do n't tell you stuff like this , 
  what about non ethnically slovak slovaks ? 
  cheaper air travel ? 
  how does that work exactly ? 
  it 's so editorialised its like saying ` mass genocide taking place ' if someome died . 
  it 's like when people say england to describe the uk , not that i mind , 
  well you do have greater in your name , 
  whats greater poland by the way ? 
  i highly doubt its intentional , but 25 % is a lot, 
  hmm okay . 
  i get dibs on georgia , 
  really ? 
  how 'd you say it in polish ? 
  who ? 
  :d also i just noticed you 're ni not england . 
  us two and georgia need to switch around our flags a bit . 
  all look the same on this sub :p, 
  quickly !, 
  go call farage and l\u00e9 pen and get a synth keyboard !, 
  but the world will be peaceful when everyone is a muslim !, 
  yup : /, 
  but who will then fix my plumbing ? 
  :( in all seriousness though , i 've met a few lithuanians here in the uk ( along with half the population of poland ) and they 've always been nice and friendly . 
  i see tu quoque being used a lot https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes, 
  aww , jeg elsker deg ogs\u00e5 ;d my heritage is norwegian , and i hate the idea of being monolingual so i decided to learn norsk , 
  is your username swedish ? 
  ( i do n't speak swedish but some norwegian ), 
  yeah , aus/canada/nz / uk all have similar populations . 
  all under 100m at least . 
  usa is 300m + ? 
  looking at your protests , lots of eu and polish flags , 
  not as much as i want to . 
  i want to love the eu , but the eu does n't seem to love us citizens or listen to us : / i feel like voting for my meps does n't do much ... 
  mmm , culture . 
  instead of reading about mena countries , we bring it to the classroom !, 
  it 's like mexican food day, 
  we ... we did it reddit ? 
  well i mean for brits like me, 
  they you 'll float there !, 
  yeah , it 's like a hidden gem . 
  if you jumped off you 'd just fly back on the bridge . 
  you do n't even have to play , the ball will score itself !, 
  they helped you move out !, 
  til . 
  poor turkey :( i do n't know anything about kurdish-turkish relations , but as per usual the real victims here are innocent civilians . 
  yeah and they 're kicking off again over in norn ireland . 
  i mean we should n't have settled ireland in the first place , but god damn i wish the loyalists and republicans would get over themselves . 
  i can only speak for the uk but i would n't mind us immigrants as well , most every american i 've met is bubbly and fun . 
  plus we have a world more in common than say a brit and a bulgarian . 
  no problem . 
   i 'm sure dk would n't have been happy either . 
  it 's hard being a single parent :( it 's like we 're in a care home , and we just want them to visit us once a year or give us a call , but they only show up when they want something !, 
  we still love you :( . 
  just as friends though . 
  would americans even be up for it though ? 
  i mean you guys are more similar to us than the rest of europe imo , but at current as a brit it is vastly more easier for me to move to australia for example than the us . 
   i 'm going to just assume that we 're not invited ... even though there are quite a few cities and jobs here that might interest members of this agreement .
