  for an immigrant nation you guys have really , really strict immigration laws ( at least for us ) . 
  i plan to leave the uk and i have my eyes on can/aus/nz , and that would include the us if it was n't for the laws you have . 
  a mega union of the us/uk/canada / australia/new zealand would be awesomes though . 
  i mean , you could always anschluss denmark . 
  [ any excuse to leave the eu ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aknqyd7.gifv ), 
  do n't ya ( germany ) wish ya coastlines were as long as ours ? 
  do n't cha baby ? 
  it 's weird . 
  how come us brits ca n't serve in canada 's forces or vote in your elections ? 
  it 's the same with the irish , they can vote in our elections oddly enough , but the reverse is n't true . 
  well i was also referring to a similar poll surrounding eu countries , we should be able to move there , but they ca n't move here . 
  i would pull it up if i could remember where i found it . 
  but yeah , anglosphere union nao pls, 
   i can not imagine the british public objecting to freedom of movement with au , nz , and ca because those countries are not more multi-racial . 
  maybe i misread you then , i think your ` conversation ' made it difficult for me to understand !, 
   our post itself is an example of what i was saying was the case in the uk -- you were saying `` i 'd be just fine with au , nz , and ca free movement that excludes india . '', 
  the only reason i would want to exclude india and nigeria is because of their populations , nearly 2 billion combined . 
  i would not object to including smaller commonwealth countries like the bahamas or jamaica joining . 
  the reasons for only having aus/nz/can / uk together is a mixture like i said above , similar political systems , similar cultures , shared heads of state , similar wealth . 
  the fact they happen to all be white countries is just a coincidence . 
  really ? 
  they 'd be missing out on some killer cuisine then . 
  the equivalent for us would be like saying ` we like the idea , but not australia because ` abbos ' . 
  basically it 's kinda silly . 
   so to have freedom of movement only between only the white countries , when they 're in the minority would be politically awkward . 
  it 's only awkward to holier-than-thou individuals like yourself . 
  you are literally the only person making it into a race issue . 
  the reason why india or nigeria are not involved in this is n't because they 're not white , but because they have nearly ** 2 billion ** people between them . 
  let the bahamas in , let jamaica in to the free movement . 
  i do n't object to that . 
  they 're not white countries . 
   the equivilant would be having an eu consisting only of people who speak a germanic language . 
  or only people who have a coast line . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  the equivalent in your logic is the eu consisting of only people who are europeans . 
  no one calls the eu racist , even though most eu citizens abhor the idea of turkey * gasp * a non-white country from joining . 
  stop making everything into a race debate . 
  god forbid white anglo-countries have similar cultures . 
  i do n't object to including some of the smaller commonwealth nations in this either - it 's just when people mention we should add india and it 's like ... 1.2 billion people d :, 
   this 'll never happen . 
  it 's basically just `` free movement of all white commonwealth countries '' . 
  so is the eu racist because it 's the ` free movement of all white european countries ' ? 
  think before you speak . 
  moreso than us britbongs do ... which annoys me more than it should . 
  kippers want more involvement with the commonwealth , the majority of citizens in it are n't white . 
  australia , new zealand and canada all have similar cultures to us , are all wealthy and as said above , all have the queen as head of state . 
  i 'm sorry if it makes me racist if i do n't want 1.2 billion indians instant access to the ` white-countries ' as you call them . 
  australia , nz and canada are all immigrant nations to begin with . 
   `` the union of white-majority countries that were n't british colonies '' -- to the brits in terms of political correctness what ? 
  are you surprised to find europeans in europe or something ? 
  stop trying to turn shit into a race debate . 
  i mean , we all know how well race relations go down in the us ... 
   the policy proposal was least popular in britain , where 58 per cent of those surveyed backed it and one in five did not think it was a good idea . 
  god i hate our hypocrisy . 
  time and time again when polls like this come in we always end up saying ` oh we should be allowed to move anywhere but no one can come here ! ', 
  i would love free movement with aus/can/nz . 
  i would n't mind us sharing free movement with the anglo-countries , even though i do love our european friends , i think strengthening our ties with the commonwealth should be more of a priority for us . 
  yes please . 
  he corrects me - a native english speaker - on my english :( he 's had enough immersion !, 
  tell that to my dutch friend ... he refuses to speak dutch to anyone aside from his family x.x all his media is in english , too . 
  yeah , i 'm learning norwegian currently , but considering how few norwegian speakers there are and how basically all of them speak english fluently ... it seems pointless and i 'm losing motivation . 
  yeah , i really want to visit again !, 
  especially now as i 'm learning norwegian . 
  like the extra t 's and a 's ? 
  finnish is a cool language . 
  wish it was more widespread so i have more countries to practice it if i learnt it :( you all speak fluent english , too . 
  i bet norway at xmas is awesome . 
  finnish people . 
  what is `` help me i 'm scared '' in finnish ? 
  no true socialism ... 
  the snp arent nationalists , they just hate the english . 
  yay, 
  you live in norway ? 
  i suppose . 
  is it true though ? 
  our humours seem to differ quite a lot . 
  i 've always associated british humour to be dry and witty , american to be wet and slapstick and german to be ... different ;p, 
  germany : bureaucratic , orderly , toilet humour . 
  france : smug , envious , romantic . 
  finland : coffee , lakes , saunas . 
  estonia : technological , beesti , nordic  portugal : onion festival , allies , hipster spain ( as a travel destination ) turkey : authoritarian , kebab , historical . 
  spain : friendly , lovely weather , divided . 
  netherlands : bikes , polders , the letter g. belgium : cheap cigarettes , waffles , weird political system . 
  liechtenstein : tiny royalty , tiny country , big money . 
  norway : fjords , oil , taxes . 
  sweden : forests , ikea , progressive vikings . 
  denmark : bacon , hygge , colourful buildings . 
  switzerland : toblerone , neutral , surrounded . 
  andorra : tiny , chewing gum , petrol stations . 
  greece : broke , beautiful , migrant boats . 
  serbia : anti-kebab slovenia : not slovakia slovakia : not slovenia romania : roma , bmws , nigel farage kryptonite . 
  bulgaria : definitely not russia , nigel farage 's other kryptonite . 
  belarus : little russia , dictatorships , power outages . 
  hungary : europe 's bad boy , vowel harmony , diet-free zone . 
  latvia : baltic , i promise i wo n't say potato . 
  shit . 
  also rok . 
  lithuania : \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af russia : big , dystopian , industrial . 
  italy : spaghetti trees , mafias , ad 43 - 409 worst years of my life . 
  luxembourg : i have no idea but i 'd like to go there .
