holy shit, 
  because anglosaxon website, 
  of course they do n't talk about europe , they do n't even know where it is, 
  nowadays every random ligue 1 player who has had one good season is worth at least 15 million euros in the pl ... 
  do you really want to play that game ? 
  pl clubs break all the records, 
  psg  all pl clubs . 
  all the money in the pl is the real insult to football . 
  you are making such a big deal of it , but i can assure you that in france people are really not aware of the hatred flemish people seem to have toward french language , and know very little about the history of flemish or even about the flemish people . 
  he probably had no bad attentions when he answered in french . 
  of course we do, 
  `` merci de ... '' can be used for a polite invitation/obligation , in this case to use the megathread . 
  i 'm not sure if there is an equivalent in english . 
  your second proposition is the right one ( its `` utilisez '' because it 's imperative btw ), 
  in france romania is not well seen because a lot of people associate roms with romanians, 
  yep , when the prime minister says that they have to be harshly punished it does n't smell good for them . 
  but they are minors so i do n't think they will be ... 
  in the daily life we call this flower `` myosotis '' ( latin name ) . 
  the names you wrote are used in poetry mostly, 
  yes we say myosotis, 
  apparently these teens were goths/satanists . 
  lol, 
  idk what you are calling africans . 
  people with african origins ? 
  they are french then . 
  or illegal african immigrants ? 
  mostly near the tourist areas, 
  yes obviously you ca n't avoid the touristic spots when you visit the city for the first time or if you have a limited time , and it 's a shame . 
  i just wanted to correct it when you said `` paris is a lovely city but the amount of pickpockets/scammers and people trying to sell you shit has really put me off going back for a long time '' while it 's really only in very limited parts of the city . 
  paris is huge . 
  anyway it 's hard to know the hidden jewels in the city if you do n't know any locals or lived here before, 
  smell of piss ? 
  wtf ? 
  i never experienced that , and i 'm in paris almost everyday . 
  is it an expression or a metaphor , or are you saying that it literally smells piss in the streets ? 
  i 'm calling it bullshit if it 's the case . 
  concerning ` the african trying to sell some bracelets ' part , i did n't experience it neither , maybe it 's something in the touristic zones . 
  i know there is some roms that show petitions to sign to tourists in order to distract them while another steal their money in their pockets, 
  they are only on the touristic spots : /, 
  it is in rer range though ( rer a to be precise , station marne-la-vall\u00e9e / chessy ), 
  obviously it may have some alive people still able to speak it , but looking at the map is very misleading , it gives the impression that all the south part of france still speaks it . 
  and it 's only one dialect among a lot of others . 
  why put the occitan on the map and not the chtimi at the north , or the alsacian , or the catalan etc ? 
  i wonder too . 
  maybe the mapmakers think it 's still spoken, 
  nobody cares here . 
  once again huge on reddit non existent in reality, 
  nooo i do n't want to die :( ( ( ( ( ( (, 
  at least they know us . 
  bulgaria ? 
  another russian colony i guess, 
  why the hell are this kind of bullshit titles ' posts always upvoted ?? 
  always the sames shitty sources ... fuck this subreddit, 
  suck a dick you are way too much excited it 's not healthy, 
  you are not more important than a greek, 
  did n't bill clinton cheat on his wife with a certain monica ? 
  i 'm not sure to understand your point if you generalize a whole population based on presidents adulteries, 
  this or something around fox news, 
  source about `` since infidelity is so high there ? '', 
  it 's a shame that there are only english articles on reddit . 
  we only hear about calais and shit here, 
  wtf, 
  wtf lol, 
  nothing to do with the nazis , german is one of the ugliest language to hear with dutch or russian ( harsh , guttural ) , but i guess it depends of your linguistic perspective . 
  from a roman language speaker perspective it sounds awful , but i guess from an german speaker or dutch perspective it sounds fine, 
  yes they swear with church words , 
  their accent and the intonation is really really different and `` weird '' . 
  i think from a foreign perspective it may not even sound like french . 
  also they have their own terms for certain words ( an example among many others : `` a car '' is said `` un char '' in quebec , which means `` a tank '' in french ), 
  wtf is this title, 
  quebec french sounds really funny for a french french, 
  this video is a known manipulation made by a pro zionist group, 
  the converts are often the most radical, 
  nice troll sir, 
  yea you are awesome !, 
  yes it 's tricky !, 
  ( and no capital letter in french when you speak about a language , but a lot of native speakers make the mistake aswell ), 
  they came very very late, 
  answer : the russians, 
  that 's the problem with reddit , every trash topics with hype titles are upvoted without any verification of the information . 
  99 % of the strikes here are from the public sector ( railways , teachers ... ) becaause they ca n't be fired . 
  private sector almost never strike , because even if it is in the constitution that every employee has the right to go on strike , they could be fired, 
  no worries i just found it funny considering your name , 
  villejuif comes from latin and has nothing related to jews so please stick to ikea and stfu, 
  * french * english ( medium level ) * spanish ( school level , bad ), 
  this song of orelsan is way better than the one you linked https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2kvtrprvkk, 
  it 's fascinating to visit reddit because people here seem to have totally different issues than the people from the country . 
  i never ever heard anyone considering there was an issue with patois in france but random foreigners on reddit know better than french the problems in france linking the always same links whereas they have no clue of the historical background by the way you can learn regional languages in every stage of your education and during the baccalaur\u00e9at ( the equivalent of the a level ), 
  if some people want to learn regional languages in school they can learn it in every stage of their education so what is your point ? 
  the youth just do n't care about it so deal with it . 
  it 's not like you have a clue about the situation, 
  i repeat that  freedom of expression has different interpretations and limits by countries and cultures dieudonn\u00e9 is a special case , he 's kinda persecuted by the jewish lobby because of his anti-semitic and negationnist statements ( for example he invited the famous negationnist robert faurisson at one of his show , or alain soral ), 
  no it 's your opinion . 
  if you were just a little bit educated you would know that freedom of expression has different interpretations and limits by countries and cultures . 
  and by the way the caricatures bear no relation with this subject . 
  switch off fox news and open the encyclopedia regards, 
   ... but we 're a-okay with the glorification of fast food culture . 
  france is not us/uk, 
  france does n't care of your opinion regards, 
  une belle langue * ftfy,
