doing ritalin during the exam , popping pills with a guy sitting next to me . 
  we would pop a pill and laugh at each other . 
  to be fair i think 50 % at the high school were doing ritaline on the exam period, 
  i once met a teammate whom i had n't seen for a year a couple hundred meters underground in a cave in transylvania . 
  cheers , i guess the beard should go if i have that . 
  football manager 2014, 
  it 's probably not the earliest one , but still : i was taking a nap with my dad when i was around 5 or 6 , and i told myself that i 'll remember this day forever , and i still do . 
  carried a couple grams of mephedrone on an international air flight ... just turned 18 , so i would have been fucked for life i suppose , in the sense for jobs and such . 
  battlefield 4 !, 
  3 was so much better . 
  suffered a carreer ending injury in ice hockey 2 months into my professional carreer . 
  i regret going into that hit . 
  hahahahaha https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqd_k2hxzag, 
  being a colored guy in syria on the front with the syrian army on one side and islamists on the other . 
  i chose to be 45 minutes late because i still get attendance from the class which is pointless . 
  not sure , there are plenty of history videos and writings on youtube about them , and the message is basically that they still control the world economy even today ( since 1750s ) . 
  i think it 's a conspiracy , you could probably find the same type of writings and videos about any other famous rich family . 
  what they do n't seem to mention is that all these families who `` control the world '' are jewish , so my guess is that antisemite people write these stuff . 
  so to answer your question , they are n't the richest and most influental people in plannet , the rothschild family might have a couple of billion $ , not more than 10 . 
  i 'd say 2 players : peverly ( not because of what happened with him ), 
  and enstr\u00f6m . 
  i feel soooooo lucky to have started my carreer in this team , and been to a bunch of games !, 
  i spoke four languages near perfectly when i was 18 . 
  you 're right it 's probably not 1 % but even in europe where i live it is really rare . 
  an ice hockey stick . 
  that sucked . 
  not visiting me in the hospital . 
  to be there for days alone makes you reevaluate friendships . 
  i only consider those people buddies now . 
  i had `` physiotheraphy '' ( i did n't ) almost every day the last 2.5 years in high school . 
  the gym teacher asked mr if i gave him my doctor 's note for the second half of the semester because he might have lost st it . 
  i said yes . 
  thank you for your kind words . 
  what you 're saying is a lot how i feel as well , felt like the best thing in the world when you 're doing it , but if feel like your whole life went and got smashed when it was over . 
  unfortunately i ca n't speak with family , they 're not that kind of people ( i tried ) . 
  i do n't think i can speak to a friend . 
  i 'll have the operation in 2 months , i can get through until that ( i hope ) , and who knows maybe the pain in stop and i 'm in a better situation . 
  if not i 'll see a shrink again . 
  the departed !, 
  full with twists and turns . 
  trailer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgwvwjz0edc, 
  i 'll tell this to my teacher . 
  coffee and cigarettes, 
  thanks a lot for your answer . 
  i really appreciate the idea about talking to a teacher , i have n't thought about that . 
  i have 2 exams , if i fail any of them i might get kicked out , maybr they 'll let me fo one of them next semester . 
  obviosly i 'm not feeling like this because of the exams , but sure as hell , as you pointed out , it 's a stressor . 
  the war is attracting a lot of extremists , but it creates a lot as well . 
  it is the radical groups which are better founded by quatar and saudi arabia , they have better and more weapons than the moderates . 
  so obviosly a lot of people join their ranks , and get `` converted '' by time . 
  there is a town in syria , if i remember correctly it 's called raqqa , which has been ruled by al-nusra ( a group even more radical than isis ) for more than a year . 
  i 'm pretty sure the children growing up there will be extremists . 
  the population of the town is 1 million . 
  you 're right , isis is more radical than al-nusra , my mistake . 
  i thaught the nusra front was more radical , because us listed is a terrorist organisation , while they did n't list isis . 
  another mistake i made is that raqqa is in fact ruled by isis . 
  nevertheless , it does n't make my comment `` delusional '' because the point was that this conflict is giving birth to more and more extremists , and not less . 
  i 'm hungarian . 
  we do n't like slovakian , roumanian , serbian , ukranian and french in that order . 
  after the the first world war the french divided our country , making millions of hungarian minorities ( which still are treated badly ) in the neighbouring countries . 
  you can read about it in the treaty of trianon ( wikipedia ) . 
  i do n't think assad used it , i see two explination for this attack ( if it truly happened ) and the ghouta attack :, 
  1 : forces loyal to assad , but not under his control re using these weapons . 
  i have a feeling , that bashar is the media puppet , who is taking all the blame , but i do not think he 's calling the shots , especially when it comes to chemical weapon . 
  he has a very ruthless cousin , and who knows who else can get to those weapons . 
  just imagine , if one of the generals who are in control of lets say 10.000 men , tells him , i will support you , but you have to `` let me do this my way '' , what can assad say or do ? 
  it 's more likely assad can not control these events . 
  2 : the rebels did it . 
  it has been debated countless of times , i 'm just going to link a video . 
  it 's a former secondary school history teacher ( who i `` new '' his name is pierre piccinin ) . 
  the guy went to syria several times , been in regime prisons , and rebel prisons , and when he got released after a couple of months from al-farouk he said this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi7mwt5pxx8 ( from 40sec ), 
  i was 8 , living in sweden , so it happened in the middle of the night if i remember correctly . 
  my whole family woke up , and watched it on the tv . 
  obviosly i did n't really understand why ut happened , but i remember being mad at my class mates the next day since most of them did n't know what happened . 
  i think so because , for example if we look the way hitler , or saddam hussein , ruled the country , we could be a 100 % accurate that , one man is calling the shots . 
  we have n't for example seen any general getting fired , nor has assad studied warfare !, 
  how is he supposed to command the troups on the ground , or even tell his military what to do , or what not to do when he studied opthalmology in london ( and in the military ) ? 
  he is most probably an incompenent military ruler , that 's why he has other more competent people calling the shots . 
  the fact that no powerful general has been locked up , or let go , shows that assad ca n't really control them , since it is these military mens actions ( and mistakes ) which made a civil war happen . 
  there are many articles about this , if you pm me i can search them out for you , but apart from his cousin , who is the general of the republican guard , assads mother is still alive , and apperantly she told bashar to crush the uprising the way his father did in hama . 
  no way to be sure though . 
  those generals made mistakes , otherwise the situation would n't have been like this . 
  and their actions are going unpunished . 
  not all the forces fighting on the governement side are loyal to `` damascus '' . 
  being an athlete is your life , if you 're an ice hockey playing being in the playoff is the result of all the sacrifices you 've made . 
  if you 're a true player you 're not going to let pain nor the risk of ending you 're carreer to stop you . 
  no matter how stupid that might sound , that 's the truth , and that 's why it is the best sport in the world . 
  this movie is pretty good : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlpfaypnpuw, 
  we want more, 
  can you possibly send an article about that murdering case ? 
  i watched desperate housewives . 
  i heard 4-fa is good as well . 
  check out paul erd\u0151s . 
  cbc coverage is so much better than nbc ... 
  we 're all monkeys . 
  what a fucking joke of a penalty , after not giving the marchand one . 
  true , but there are safer places than others . 
  there is a bigger possibility to get killed by a barrel bomb in aleppo , than a mortar in damascus , but i 'm not saying it 's `` safe '' in damascus . 
  my mum who comes from europe went to iran a couple of months ago , and nothing happened . 
  she could walk in the city with male ( caucasian ) coworkers .
