  not sure if it should be allowed ... 
  yeah i figured . 
  does n't change the fact that it 's racist though ( today ) . 
  nice one . 
  here are some woman prisoners from aleppo prison including a girl child . 
  a little bit off topic that i found it weird that when answering a question about afghani taliban , she said that they want them to join the political process and break off ties with is in afghanistan . 
  to sat it so bluntly like that a day after a bombing by them of a hospital in pakistan surprised me . 
  yeah , was n't sure of that thanks . 
  are they allies though ? 
  could you explain briefly about turkey 's problems with egypt ? 
  according to a report they 're basically stopped fighting each other the last two months . 
  thanks !, 
  exactly . 
  context like this as well as context about syria before the war should be widely appriciated as it would help many people understand more about the country and the background of the civil war . 
  looks like charles lister was right when he said that he doubts the rebels holding the corridor for long . 
  i 've read that book it 's one of the better ones . 
  my picks are :, 
  - syria 's peasantry , the descendants of its lesser rural notables , and their politics, 
  - asad : the struggle for the middle east, 
  the last one is easier to read , and slightly pro assad . 
  batatu 's book is much more detailed . 
  both of them are dated , as they only go to until the end of 80s , but nevertheless they are both amazing , and you will get a pretty good idea about the country . 
  you might know joshua landis , he 's one of the premier syria researches . 
  he wrote a list about the books he thinks are the best : https://www.amazon.com/gp/richpub/listmania/fullview/r3u4jgrlsnhlrd, 
  as you might see you can either read books about bashar 's era or ones about hafez 's . 
  i ca n't stress how important it is to read about the era pre 2000 as well . 
  the regime sends vaccines , and other medical supplies to some rebel held territory . 
  `` establishing an investigatory panel to scrutinize the un 's conduct and performance in syria is the very least that the un can do '', 
  lets take a look at this in another way . 
  there is a country at war , and aid is needed because the people starving . 
  there is an organization capable of supplying the population with food and a little bit of shelter , but since the rulers of the country do n't let them in , they have to rely on organizations inside it to give out the material . 
  ask yourself this question . 
  is n't the biggest , most powerful group on the ground the one ( s ) that can provide aide to the vast majority of the people ? 
  imagine this scenario . 
  there is a troubled region . 
  an airplane drops aide somewhere in that region . 
  who 's going to take that drop , the hungry population or the man with the gun ? 
  we all know the answer to that question . 
  sure in this case some of the aid especially by the butan foundation goes to the militias and the saa most probably . 
  but it 's these militias who are in control of the majority of the refugees in syria . 
  if then un gives aid to another company the militia is just going to take that aid from them , they are capable of that , and they 'll make money of it along with control . 
  un does n't really have a choice . 
  we can set up an investigation committee or whatever , and its going to find out that the butan foundation is doing bad things with that aid and we 're not going to give them anything any more . 
  okay . 
  instead we 're going to give that aid to another company . 
  the other company goes into a town with that aid and the ndf have a checkpoint there ant they 're going to take it . 
  i 'm sure it has happened . 
  as mentioned in the article there are more than a 100 companies un gives aid to . 
  i 'm sure if it could bypass makhlouf 's company it would . 
  it ca n't . 
  yes . 
  well apparently they do n't poise so much numerically any more , but nevertheless they joined ahrar al-sham in the spring of 2015 ( just before the formation of jaish al-fateh ) . 
  i would like to see sources on that 75 % are saa in aleppo , and 95 % elsewhere . 
  not a word yet about the role of bashar in the future . 
  okay , de mistura said the transition will be according to un resolution 2254 . 
  this is huge , since the syrian regime agreed to this process . 
  yeah , but as he said they designatet areas where us and russia will bomb , which would be nusra . 
  where and who will syrian airplanes be allowed to bomb ? 
  kerry said , that where us and russia will bomb , the syrian air force will not be allowed ( if i understood correctly ) . 
  this would mean un supervised elections . 
  the resolution does not state that assad ca n't stand . 
  i find it really hard to imagine the opposition allow this , and it 's difficult to imagine that assad would n't run ( if he can ) . 
  us and russia are already bombing them . 
  we need to see the territories designated by us and russia where they agreed to cooperation . 
  russia and us are bombing is already . 
  as i stated before we need to see the territories designated kerry and lavrov where they will bomb together , maybe is territory is included . 
  i do n't think they made the map public yet . 
  i 'm pretty sure because of the reason you stated that if assad is allow to run , he will win . 
  since dardai took over last year . 
  he might not have a choice . 
  but if that happens he would win it , i ca n't think of any alternative opposition figure having a real chance . 
  maybe only someone supported by mb . 
  that 's an understatement . 
  i liked ( and still like ) colby armstrong though . 
  lot of heart at least . 
  fun story though , i met hossa and got a picture with him , and demitra in a floorball tournament in slovakia !, 
  hossa was really nice . 
  still one of my favorite players . 
  anyways , off cheering for las vegas xxx knights !, 
  pretty cool studio they built ... 
  guess no way to know if it 's in syria . 
  aderlan santos has been all right , i 'm plesently surprised . 
  cant say the same about mangala . 
  unfortunately this is the first game i see him this season . 
  first half an hour he was solid imo . 
  yeah he was shit last season i know . 
  all i meant was that in the first 20 minutes he was solid . 
  good points . 
  this article makes as much sense as posting it . 
  deir ez-zor , raqqa as well . 
  we could count rojava in as the kurds have utilized the rebellion to pursue autonomy . 
  neither has many syrian cities . 
  the incubator for the revolution was high nevertheless in raqqa . 
  i know this is a pro-regime source , but considering that official state media is condemning an airstrike on , from my understanding , is rebel-held territory is interesting . 
  would n't mind that . 
  the article was posted on the website today . 
  the site is submitting articles monthly , i do n't understand your problem ... 
  yeah , you clearly have n't read the article , as you commented 4 minutes after it was posted . 
  it impossible to read it in 4 minutes as it 's quite long if you have n't noticed . 
  out of curiosity , what are those points ?
