  tried googling it , but just found another rundabout in aleppo named after him . 
  funny thing is that he died having a car accident in a rundabout ( according to the regime ) . 
  edit : just found out that there are 5 football stadiums named after him in syria . 
  he 's a bigger cult figure than i thought . 
  ca n't believe he 's so far down . 
  i do n't think eastern ghouta is considered as part of the `` south '' as op stated . 
  i think he/she meant daraa and its surroundings . 
  interesting what you said though . 
  what you write sure makes a lot of sense . 
  real politic at its best . 
  the kurds have been used for foreign policy purposes a lots of times in the past , and they sure should n't put to much trust in the us . 
  but at the moment i do n't think they are either . 
  they really do n't have any allies like syria has iran , or as turkey has nato . 
  they should try to get as much support from the west as they can , but they should n't depend on them if they can . 
  your comment is so far fetched . 
  sure there are several new parties now , but who were the other candidates in the presidential elections of 2014 ? 
  one even had a picture of bashar behind him in his profile pic on facebook . 
  and assad won that multi party , democratic election , with like 96 % . 
  do n't kid yourself and do n't find excuses . 
  op this could be a really intersting , but the i just ca n't follow what you write exactly . 
  it 's cool with that woman commentator . 
  that does n't happen much anywhere else . 
  yeah , he 's very unpopular here in hungary , and fans have protested against him in belgium as well . 
  his son owns \u00dajpest in hungary . 
  absolutely no problem . 
  just the last two paragraphs . 
  so saudi arabia said that they wo n't play with iraq in iran ( even though qatar plays there ) , and basically jordan and lebanon is out of the question . 
  why do n't they play in iraq , ca n't they make it secure for just in one stadium ? 
  where else could iraq play ? 
  maybe north africa ? 
  maybe oman is the best choice though . 
  the are sort of neutral . 
  how expensive is flamenco bar ? 
  that 's pretty expensive , i guess that 's for 0.5 liters right ? 
  of course zamalek is the most expensive part in cairo but still . 
  that 's not really cheap for anyone in the west . 
  i guess it 's a bar for the really rich . 
  i saw a hungarian ( so western ) short documentary a few years back . 
  it was posted here as well . 
  the reporter went to northern syria , and met some isis or other rebel prisoners taken by ypg . 
  all though the kurds denied executing any prisoners , when leaving he heard a gun shot from where he left . 
  he asked them what it was , and then the kurdish soldier told the translator to `` tell the journalist it was nothing '' - while smiling . 
  it was obvious an execution took place . 
  to think the ypg does n't regularly torture and execute prisoners is absolutely ridiculos . 
  they do it by far lesser scale than the regime or isis but they still do it . 
  no its not this one . 
  i 've been unable to find it so far , but i 'll look again when i have more time . 
  i ca n't remember the title nor the journalists name though . 
  what 's the formation ? 
  he just wants karma . 
  any sources on how many people died because of the tunnel bomb ? 
  what do you mean that `` there are certain aspects about the syrian identity that almost only lebanese people tend to understand . '', 
  do you mean secularism ? 
  and now assad can say this :, 
  `` you talk about barrel bombs in aleppo and other areas ? 
  what just happened by the coalition in ramadi ? '', 
  this sure may be flawed but it 's still a somewhat just argument . 
  yes but in the western media we hear all the time about assad 's barrel bombs . 
  how much have we heard about to coalition bombings in ramadi or other cities ? 
  civilian homes have been destroyed in iraq by the coalition . 
  all i 'm saying is that assad can ( and will ) use this same argument to legitimise his acts ( which nevertheless are on much wider scale ) . 
  you ca n't deny the fact that climat change , and by what i mean by this ** drought ** made life harder and harder in the rural contryside since about 2007 . 
  because of the lack of opportunities in agriculute ( 21 % of gdp ) , some rural people started migrating toward the cities outskirts ( like ghouta ) . 
  the government and the private sphere could n't provide jobs , and started losing control over these sites . 
  obviously the lack of opportunity and jobs in the cities was n't because of climate change , but because of the unequiped and corrupt state . 
  why is n't kovalchuk playing ? 
  is it because the shit at happened between him and his club ? 
  long live hungary !, 
  that was some shot . 
  he 'll remember that one for a long time . 
  how much time has passed since we scored 3 ? 
  obviously comeback is coming . 
  on another note hungary 's so far only player in the nhl is called frank banham . 
  haha i did n't expect this here . 
  shout out to novothny as well . 
  i 'm curious what will happen to him next season . 
  that 's more thanks to the new coach then besic leaving though . 
  gon na be interesting if they fuck up on the international stage again . 
  a lot of people hate the atlanta spirit group and bruce levenson . 
  about then years ago a quite young me sent an email to him ( i found his email on the thrashers site ) . 
  i wrote something like i love the team and keep up the good work . 
  well he answered and from that every year we emailed each other two times : merry christmas and at the end of the season . 
  a couple of years later he asked for my adress . 
  it 's worth to note that i lived in hungary which is probably a place few people heard of . 
  he sent a signed autographed trashers jersey . 
  it was signed by my favourite player , ilya kovalchuk . 
  you can imagine how happy i was . 
  so yeah he probably messed up big time in atlanta but i 'm sure he 's a great person . 
  is shaer oil field operational at all ? 
  unfortunately it happens on international football games as well . 
  it 's a shame . 
  which cost $ 1 billion according to wikipedia . 
  he does n't live there though . 
  thank you for this , it 's great . 
  i was just in dahab and nuewiba . 
  nuweiba is completely deserted , shops , hotels closed . 
  it was a chilly fealing . 
  in dahab there basically only egyptians during the weekdays , and like 20 people in the sea maximum . 
  mostly children who were n't going to school ... 
  in the weekend i saw some russians , but i think they live around there .
