  such a shame . 
  really grateful if you could look into this . 
  maybe the wages are to much , and the stadium is to small . 
  i have an insane amount of players - some with relatively high wages out on loan - usually i do n't pay anything of their wages . 
  yes , all of these players could have turned out great . 
  every single one of them had potential . 
  lets look at where they are at this moment though . 
  \u00c1d\u00e1m szalai : schalke signed him for 8 million last summer , and was sold today for 6 million to hoffenheim ( not official but he 's at medical according to hun media ) . 
  26 years old . 
  dzsudzs\u00e1k : amazing talent , could have been a star player in any league . 
  turned down offer from lille ( then french champions ) to go az anzhi mahackala . 
  now at dynamo moscow , has been wanting to leave for 2 seasons , but his value has n't been met yet . 
  latest reports say moscow wants to sell him for 12 million . 
  28 y old . 
  koman : on loan from krasnador at fc ural last season . 
  contract terminated a few days ago . 
  maybe he 'll come back to hungary , or serie b. 
  25 y old . 
  pint\u00e9r got released by his club in russia , maybe he 'll come back to hungary as well . 
  26 years old . 
  zolt\u00e1n gera if you know him is 33 , with many knee injuries . 
  for the youth , we can look at kenny otigba a center back at herenveen , but he might choose nigirea of hungary . 
  another 18 years old looks like to be sold to a newly promoted german second division team for 1 million . 
  he 's good . 
  forgot to say about varga : ` boro would have had to pay 600.000 euros to buy him . 
  heard he was good as well , and he wanted to stay . 
  played is right back , when is original position is defensive midfielder . 
  hoped he would have managed to stay , i like him a lot . 
  never gives up , great tackling and potential . 
  he might stay at debrecen according to the coach . 
  great , thanks for seeing this !, 
  my transfer budged is somewhere around 120 million , because of all the players i sold , i always thaught that i could use all the budget up . 
  accrington is n't such a small club any more , regular champions league for the past 4-5 years  for the first time i might win the league , but now in january it looks like i have to make some changes , will figure something out . 
  thanks a lot for the information again . 
  i read that in a forum , but was n't convinced !, 
  i 'm always in cl , play offs included !, 
  really do n't understand this . 
  depends . 
  when i was 10 i moved to hungary , i had to choose between ice hockey and football . 
  i remember watching a training of ferencv\u00e1ros , and saw the coach screaming , and the kids being absolutely terrified . 
  i 'm not saying that still happens nevertheless . 
  the youth football here is somewhat improving , but there is still a lot of corruption , and way worse coaching than in western europe . 
  they say that hungarian players should go abroad as soon as possible , so from 16 . 
  waterpolo is a really tough sport , but hungary is insanely good in it . 
  i think we won the olympic gold medal 5 times in a row now , so that says a lot . 
  we 're basically one of the best in the world , great in youth as well . 
  it 's easier to continue study when playing waterpolo , there are lots of doctors ect . 
  in tha national team . 
  looking it in an objective way i would choose waterpolo , but anyone should just choose the sport they love more . 
  ( i chose ice hockey btw ), 
  he retired last summer , but i would like to share . 
  a guy called jos\u00e9 juan luque , came to my favourite club , which then played in the second division . 
  before that he had about 50 la liga games , and was top scorer in liga adalente . 
  he was 32 when he came to us . 
  single handedly archieved promotion , always gave a 100 % , and a person to look up to . 
  became the captain . 
  he was only with us for 3 or 4 years . 
  this is what we did for him the last game : http://i.imgur.com/fxx6w3s.jpg, 
  he showed that you do n't have to have x amount of games or time spent in a club . 
  i 'm pretty sure he meant transfer-turnover ratio . 
  our last coach relied heavily on experienced players , and did n't want to change the center backs . 
  13/14 was the first season otigba became a solid player in herenveen , i think he only played a couple of games the season before that . 
  he made several games in hungarian u21 and played good . 
  to be honest apart from a couple of games , interveiws , and articles i do n't know a lot about him . 
  sympathethic guy , who wants to develop , and works hard . 
  he played regularly at herenveen in the first half of the season , but was mostly benched the end of the second half . 
  he 's still prone to make mistakes . 
  his positioning seems a bit off at times . 
  he can work on that , he 's still young , 21 . 
  we always thaught he was going to end up in our national team , but it was n't his decision . 
  we just never invited him . 
  he has lived in holland for several years now as well , and i doubt anyone could consider him as a traitor , there is nothing wront with his personality . 
  the dutch coach likes him . 
  he scores quite a few times from corners as well . 
  yes . 
  so for example if you sell x for 10 million you should only by y for 6 million max according to him . 
  i put the question a bit wrong : `` every step you take makes it worse '' . 
  basically walking . 
  slow . 
  he played in hungary during the trial of his case . 
  he was very good , but also did this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq5gylkhqf8, 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  there line-up was decent , and they finished 4th in the league . 
  i won it for the first time , and have a better squad . 
  have to say i usually won against them lately , so maybe my tactic is difficult for them to beat . 
  yep , forgot to say . 
  i 'm no professor , just a simple university student here in hungary . 
  my studies cover a fair amount of history , and i 've read several books so i have some knowledge . 
  `` did the hungarian upper or lower classes support nazism ? '', 
  i 'd say that the lower and middle classes supported hitler but did n't really care much about nazism . 
  hungary did n't really enter the war because of a german ultimatum of an attack , they enterred it because of one single reason : hitler promissed the return of the land taken away by the allies after 1918 . 
  you can read more about it here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_trianon the result of this treaty was the radicalization of the population . 
  there are still families who have relatives living in neighbouring countries . 
  it explains a lot about the rising extremists here . 
  for the upper class , i do not have much information . 
  i 'm sure that they were n't nazis , nationalists is more like it . 
  `` were the jewish people prosecuted ? '', 
  hungary had the first law in europe against the jews , right after the first world war . 
  the law set quotas on jewish entries to the universities . 
  there must have been several laws , but there is one key element .
