  the last thing he said about this is that he 's not a model . 
  he 's a funny guy . 
  - he 's the oldest player in ec ever . 
  - and he 's a good goalkeeper , several hundred games in bundesliga and pl . 
  - we love him, 
  here is a copy paste from a previuos comment which i made about our players . 
  i 'm hoping for a point in this ec . 
  g\u00e1bor kir\u00e1ly he will start in the gk position . 
  has been really solid in the nt the past couple of years , and is playing back at is home town club halad\u00e1s . 
  it 's a no brainer . 
  d\u00e9nes dibusz starting goalkeeper for the hungarian champions ferencv\u00e1ros , and he 's been waiting to make a move to western europe . 
  we 'll see what will happen , he did n't have a very good spring , and might just as well stay in budapest for the cl qualifications, 
  p\u00e9ter gul\u00e1csi plays for everyone 's favourite promoted club rb leipzig of germany , and he 's been there starting goalkeeper this spring . 
  he 's pretty solid , and was in liverpool reserves for a couple of years with the former wonderkig turned bus kriszti\u00e1n n\u00e9meth . 
  defenders, 
  barnab\u00e1s bese our coach storck likes to try out young wing backs , and he 'll most likely just be on the bench on this one . 
  will be a nice little experience for him . 
  plays in, 
  n\u00e9meth 's and gul\u00e1csi 's youth club mtk in hungary . 
  attila fiola finally we have a solid right back , we 've been waiting for that for years . 
  he 's solid defensively and he can go forward . 
  he 's 27 ( i think ) , and he 'll try to sign abroad as his team felcsut just got relegated . 
  rich\u00e1rd guzmics signed for wisla krakow this summer and has been playing good . 
  he we 'll be one of the cbs . 
  big , tall and slow , but he does his job in a decent manner . 
  roland juh\u00e1sz the former anderlecht cb is now about 32 and plays back home in videoton . 
  given his experience i would n't be surprised if he would be the other cb this euroes . 
  as his companions he 's big , strong , tall but very slow . 
  good in positioning though so that helps, 
  tam\u00e1s k\u00e1d\u00e1r plays regularely in lech poznan , he 'll start imo in the left back role , but he can play cb as well , and has been doing that well . 
  either way he 'll be in the starting line up . 
  korhut mih\u00e1ly if k\u00e1d\u00e1r plays as cb then this gentlemen who has been playing very well in debrecen back home will play as lb . 
  good going forward , but has yet to play on the international stage . 
  he might be good enough though . 
  \u00c1d\u00e1m lang this young videoton cb is on the bench ( behind juh\u00e1sz ) in his club , but played as guzmics 's pair in the play off against norway . 
  he has the opportunity for the starting eleven ( again if k\u00e1d\u00e1r will be lb ) . 
  he 's thin but fast , something we lack . 
  midfielders, 
  \u00c1kos elek he 's our only box to boy midfielder , and we desperately need him to be fit . 
  plays in di\u00f3sgy\u0151r back home , and at the age of 27 this is his last chance for a contract abroad . 
  played in china and turkey before . 
  seem clumpsy and bad tecnically , but when he manages to run with ball he 's the poor mans pogba . 
  if fit he 'll be in the starting 11 . 
  zolt\u00e1n gera he 's 36 now ( i think ) and plays in ferencv\u00e1ros . 
  he 'll either play as cm , or rm . 
  to old and slow to play the full 90 min ( at least in every game ) , but his experience we 'll be invaluable . 
  if he would be younger he would be a key member of the squad . 
  he 's been showing his age, 
  l\u00e1szl\u00f3 kleinheisler werder bremen signed him this winter , but has had rerely any playing time . 
  he 'll start in the am position though . 
  he 's small but really good dribbler , and good in small spaces . 
  hard to take the ball from him, 
  gerg\u0151 lovrencsics did n't have the best season in lech poznan . 
  in the rm position he have n't scored a goal , but has a decent shot from long range , and good crosser . 
  he will sit on the bench , and hope to continue playing abroad next season . 
  he has showed that he has the quality but injuries have plauged him ( injured , wo n't play today ) . 
  \u00c1d\u00e1m nagy this 21 years old young ferencv\u00e1ros player has been regularely earning a starting position in storck 's team . 
  he 'll probably start as a cm . 
  he 's small , weak , but fairly good with the ball . 
  his job will be to link up play . 
  he 'll try to sign abroad , but given his qualities he can just hope for a team trying to avoid relegation in the big 4 leagues . 
  if elek is not fit , i can see this man play instead of him . 
  sort of the same playing style as the former , but even worse with the ball . 
  i can see him being used to shut down portugal . 
  zolt\u00e1n stieber rm in n\u00fcrnberg where he 's on the bench , before that in autumn he played around 10 minutes total in hamburg . 
  he was a regular starter in the nt when he was playing for his club as well . 
  needs confidence to play good ( and then he 's good ) , but he lacks that now . 
  he 's to weak , but fairly good crosser and dribbler . 
  strikers, 
  big target man who 's about 100 kg and 28 years old . 
  he 's in the right position at the right time , and he 's better technically than akinfewa . 
  i can see him being thrown in the last 10 minutes to shut a game down , or force one in . 
  bal\u00e1zs dzsudzs\u00e1k our best player , who will want to leave bursaspor after a mediocre season . 
  he 'll be on the left wing . 
  exceptional shot and left wook , but tends to drift out of the game from time to time . 
  much will hang on his performace . 
  kriszti\u00e1n n\u00e9meth decided to leave kanskas city to sign a big contract somewhere in quatar . 
  he might start on the right wing , but doubt it . 
  he is a failed wonderkid who have never managed to perform in the euroes . 
  might be good if we can control a game ( iceland ? ) . 
  tam\u00e1s priskin about 30 years old failed former watford pl signing striker who has been playing fairly well for slovan bratislava . 
  szalai will probably be our main striker , but priskin is better than him technically , but worse physically . 
  will get his time in the ec in my opinion . 
  \u00c1d\u00e1m szalai played in hannover on loan from hoffenheim this season and has n't scored a goal in the bundesliga for two years . 
  storck loves him though , and he 's right in the way that szalai is our best target man . 
  but with 0 confidence the chances of him scoring our making plays are slim . 
  if our team wo n't get a point , the public we 'll blame him . 
  nikolic nemanja he has been in amazing form for legia warsaw , winning the top goalscoarer award in the league . 
  until february he had one goal/game ratio . 
  unfortunately for him , the tactics just do n't suit he 's style of play . 
  even though he 's our best finisher and poacher , he 'll probably not get a lot of playing time . 
  who 's austria-hungary playing against ? 
  thank you !, 
  he 's at the game , he 's one of the commentator for the hungarian tv channel !, 
  do n't be hungry , cheer for hungary !, 
  the draw against us made you go to the ec !, 
  that 's where he signed from to west brom back in the days . 
  replay : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_fm97m086k, 
  before i clicked on your linked i could feel that it was the one against ajax since you 're a psv fan . 
  he was so good back there right ?
