  a true historian . 
  he just launched this site ( half french , half english ) http://lecourrierdumaghrebetdelorient.info/, 
  his captivity : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-24011595, 
  are you lewis baker ? 
  exactly this . 
  there are foreign donors , but they make maximum 10 % of the total so called `` budget '' of isis . 
  apart from what the commentator above stated , checkpoints make a lot of money as well , and especially selling oil back to different actors basically makes them self sufficient . 
  war economy can be very profitable . 
  they do n't even need that much money neither , all they have to pays are the weapons , and ammunition ( which they always have plenty of ) . 
  it 's not like they are building roads , or even paying communal workers ( they are all volunteers ) . 
  they have foreign supporters , but these are n't states , they are individuals who support their cause . 
  a whole other question is that if iran really is really the one `` giving orders '' . 
  some sunni civilians living under isis rule believe that 's the case . 
  could n't open the twitter feed . 
  they do not pay communal workers , there was a report at syriadirect.org where a communal workers talked about that . 
  maybe isis payes it 's own activist , people who support them , but there not nearly enough of them to take over the governments responsibilities . 
  most of them are fighters . 
  isis hinders the communal workers from doing their job , more than al-nusra . 
  the report was conducted with interviews by several people in aleppo , al-raqqa and several small cities among others . 
  they all said the same thing , some places it was better , others it was worse . 
  i 've been trying to find the report , but i lost my bookmarks a few weeks ago , if you want i 'll look into it . 
  here i 'm talking about places where isis have been for a longer period of time , not about the tactics it uses when it enters somewhere , which in my opinion is different . 
  you miss every shot you do n't take, 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/a/2vraj ) are my 3 best players at the moment, 
  ca n't be much . 
  after all he 's unproven in bigger leagues and played in hungary in the past few seasons . 
  he had problems with his coach in hamburg about 3 years ago , and he has n't played in the u21 national team because of the same reason . 
  in the last two years in hungary none of that happened , he really matured . 
  great leadership in the lad as well . 
  this guy came to play in hungary in my fm team . 
  followed him in real life and glad he turned out in a good team !, 
  as a hungarian that would be amazing . 
  i heard bogd\u00e1n got a pretty decent rival as well , so he might be up in the trading block . 
  bolton rejected a bid from mainz a couple of weeks ago , but for the right price he 's for sale , that 's coming from the sporting director , or some other hot shot . 
  have n't seen him play in the championship , only in the national team where he 's undoubtedly no1 ( all though we have several good goalies ) . 
  what is something you would like to share to people in the west who only watches bbc/cnn to follow the conflict ? 
  is it better or worse than the way it 's portrayed in western news ? 
  i 'm terribly sorry for the children , words can not describe what they must be going through . 
  please continue helping them , and best of luck to you as well . 
  just in inter or milan . 
  i wish him all the success elsewhere . 
  this guy is going to solve his team financials for 10 years . 
  so envious of norwegian football right now , not only that they have a 15 years old playing this good , but that the coaches put him into the first team . 
  would advice the same thing to many-many smaller leagues give the fucking chance to these players . 
  did he become overconfident and not working hard any more ? 
  simon tibbling in sweden will turn out great . 
  he had the captain arm band yesterday on him in djurgarden , 18 years old . 
  played regularity at 17 . 
  yeah he played in milan and arsenal in mine as well !, 
  i war really surprised about that one . 
  i 've only seen him when he played against my favorite team djurgarden , since i do n't really follow allsvenskan , but that guy was really hyped and played in one of the best swedish teams really young as well . 
  now he 's like 22 and plays in hacken , a mid table-team ? 
  wonder what went wrong there . 
  probably not , but that 's why i said that it 's better for the country and it 's league that a huge talent is given the chance among the adults in smaller nations . 
  i think you have to develop them differently than compared to the big ones . 
  norwegian/swedish/hungarian league is about the level of most of the second leagues of the major ones . 
  true that , and the english league is much more physical , it can be really dangerous injury wise . 
  oh do n't get me wrong , i come from hungary that 's why i 'm envious . 
  my bad !, 
  i just think he 's overrated , and he 's not really going to make the average age of almost any team less . 
  i heard he has an absolutely amazing work ethic , but in my opinion he 's to old to reach his potential now . 
  he started in a top club ( atl\u00e9tico ) regularly to late . 
  apple has 31 million dollars `` debt '' because it 's cheaper for them to finance its operations by taking a loan than to keep the profit within the country ( usa ) . 
  apple is probably the richest company in the world . 
  26 in october . 
  1 year younger than torres was when he signed for you , and up to that age torres has proven a lot more . 
  as has most world class players . 
  do n't get me wrong i saw an interview with someone who has coached him in the past and the way he said he has the best work ethic he has ever seen . 
  i really like him for that , but at this moment i think he 's overrated , and not the player chelsea can rely on next season . 
  of course who knows what the future holds . 
  i lived in stockholm during my childhood . 
  i basically played football in the summer and hockey in winter in djurgarden . 
  went to most of the games as well . 
  there are many leagues in europe worse than the norwegian one , who do n't play young guys . 
  after seeing these comments i hope he 'll be remembered by the way he played , rather than his beard . 
  he always put in a solid performance and gave 100 % , weather in the club team , or the national team . 
  kind of player anyone would have liked to have in their own squad . 
  damn it ** feels very-very wrong ** saying is is killing it 's prisoners more humanely than the regime , even though it 's true ... 
  you 're wrong there . 
  the more people who go fight in syria means that more people have started to follow the extremist ideology . 
  they just become more , not less and it 's far more dangerous for europe and usa . 
  checked your flair , hope paulo sousa does well with you . 
  he coached here in hungary 2 years ago and did extremely well in europe with his team . 
  good coach . 
  pirlo has an ice cold head , he would easily do the unimaginable even if a country was ready to drop the nukes around him . 
  poor guy . 
  a lot of athletes goes through a difficult phase after an injury which keeps them out for a longer period . 
  imagine that you train very hard , every single day since you 're 7 years old , not having more than 1-2 weeks brakes during the summer , and suddenly you bust you 're knee or something and you ca n't even take a running step . 
  just think imagine that you 're body burns 4000 calories on average a day , and suddenly you 're basically in bed bound for 2-3 months . 
  how would you be able to sleep properly ? 
  you can go through some sort of withdrawal . 
  i have absolutely all the respect for players who make it back , and perform , and i wish all the best for him . 
  fabulous article , until this point i thought it was an arm depot . 
  still remember when it was hit , and the reporting afterwards . 
  a little bit ironical that the syrian army had an arm depot just next to it . 
  the idf could have easily hit it as well , would n't have made them look worse . 
  in my opinion that shows , that their only goal was to get rid of anything dangerous towards their own country , they did n't mind from the beginning of this conflict that assad would stay . 
  suprised noone said mentioned `` the 4 year plan '' !, 
  i think the best way to rank second division or low reputable leagues is to see how many players they sell to higher reputable leagues , and how many players they give to different national teams . 
  yes .
