  yeah , `` outnumbered '' is debatable . 
  however in close combat fighting , the regime is usually inferior in motivation in my opinion , so if they are equal number of troops on each side , the rebels have an advantage in `` fighting to death '' . 
  i agree with all of your points . 
  the last one could have been formulated more generally , but still :, 
   the uprising of local militias in aleppo province, 
  aleppo province does n't necessarily mean the city itself . 
  but it 's true that there are probably more militias in hama province than aleppo for example . 
  the second point is spot on ( do you have any articles on that ? 
  ) , and i agree with the first one as well . 
  that 's probablyvone of the least bad things jaa do , compared to its atrocities . 
  pretty sure all forces in this war loot museums and sell for profit . 
  great . 
  especially this :, 
   thus created militias to oversee the militias, 
  and the russian training program :, 
   taken out of service to be retrained and re-equipped by russian advisors, 
  i did n't at all know about the first one , and i 've only read pretty general stuff about russian training . 
  i would appreciate sources to both . 
  thank you !, 
  from aron lund 's twitter :, 
  army attacks in aleppo, 
  rebels prepare counterattack in hama, 
  army ignores them , focuses on aleppo, 
  rebels kill each other in hama, 
  the brotherhood apparently did n't know about the attack until it happened . 
  at that time the fighting vanguard was a distinct organization from the muslim brotherhood , all though the mb 's hama branch was infiltrated . 
  seems probable , fits regime tactics . 
  that 's interesting , do you have any sources ? 
  if they 're enrolled in university they can delay it . 
  thanks . 
  it 's worth noting that some people join militias instead of the army , as pay is higher , and they are exempted from compulsory military service . 
  does n't snow that much though . 
  these past couple of years we 've only sporadically had snowing , and barely anything either . 
  however it can be cold as fuck . 
  have a good time . 
  10.000 new is fighters could do a lot harm in syria ... 
  take another one !!, 
  my man, 
  what is the significance of naming a brigade kafr al saghir ? 
  as i understand it 's a name of a village , did something happen there during the revolution ? 
  egypt signed during the weekend agreements with azerbaijan for them to refine oil ( 2m barrels a month ) and enterred in negotiations with iraq for the same reason , which would include preferential payment terms . 
  furthermore egypt 's oil minister travelled to iran . 
  good question , no idea . 
  there is an agreement however . 
  edit : if anyone speaks arabic , there might be more information here http://gate.ahram.org.eg/news/1274963.aspx, 
  why woud the rebels produce chemical weapons so close to the front-lines ? 
  it 's in raqqa , i 'm pretty sure . 
  however i 'm really curious , is that a humvee on the hand of the saa at 2:08 ? 
  i like the political scientist ... 
  he says that `` generally republicans are less bad '' . 
  seems that he forgot who did the iraqi invasion . 
  they are stepping up their game . 
  have been many bombs the past 2 weeks . 
  did turkey or syira officially acknowledge any of these strikes ? 
  biased , but great article . 
  who or what site is the source ? 
  great , thanks . 
  one of the foremost researcher and historian on syria in my opinion . 
  check out some of his presentations on youtube . 
  you might get questioned . 
  however , you 'll have problems going to have problems getting a visa for the usa . 
  edit : pardon my abundant use of problems, 
  unfortunately for bilal , the regime and its allies have n't until now let foreigners leave besieged areas , as a precondition to any deals . 
  interesting to see what will happen to him . 
  i ca n't remember , sorry . 
  i thought it was assad 's last interview , but no . 
  i 'm sure i read it from a semi-official source . 
  any idea for a substitute ? 
  getting tired of this as well . 
  why was n't the deal : everyone can leave eastern aleppo in exchange for everyone in the two shiite towns , so not only the injured and sick ? 
  who are they ? 
  thanks . 
  what knd of delegation is this ? 
  i think there are a couple of lebanese army hostages with them . 
  all of then ? 
  i think there are a couple unaccounted for . 
  it is the host country which are tasked to protect ambassadors . 
  i wonder what the us reaction will be like . 
  buying balogh for 2 million did n't help either . 
  looks like the pmu ( shia ) because of their armbands . 
  is the airbase under siege , or just from three sides ? 
  yeah , apparently that should be the case , but much smoke is coming out of them . 
  maybe the airplanes were armed/fueled ? 
  just when it was announced that the aleppo rebels would go to azaz . 
  nice welcoming , this will be a further blow to their motivation ... 
  do n't worry , our beloved prime minister decided to establish and build a football academy next to his house in his home village of 2000 inhabitants . 
  the team is called `` pusk\u00e1s ferenc football academy '' . 
  they were in the first division last year , but dropped out even though they signed 5-6 old players for a lot of money . 
  he also build a stadium from them , largely by funding from tax-payers money and oligarchs . 
  the arena has a capacity of 3700 . 
  pusk\u00e1s has no relation to the village . 
  i wonder on what grounds they the asian and fifa federation did n't let him represent syria . 
  i wonder on what grounds they the asian and fifa federation did n't let him represent syria ... 
  in football it 's completely normal that when you change nationality you can represent your new nation if you did n't play in the national team in the senior level . 
  just to be clear . 
  an airstrike from the coalition can be multiple on the same location right ? 
  considering that we 're 14 day in it , it 's not a surprise . 
  title is editorialized . 
  i do n't remember that . 
  so is let government forces retreat from taqba to the airbase itself ?
