  would be good to know if most of them are alawites , because from what i heard most of the soldiers in the front lines , and fighting in rough fronts , are alawites in the saa . 
  they are not exactly protecting the latakia from that airbase . 
  thanks a lot for the info !, 
  there are several policemen there as well , i do n't understand ( if the video is legit ) why arrests are n't happening . 
  could be that the police force there were very outnumbered but , it does n't really make sense still . 
  damn you 're absolutely correct , i always taught he signed for valencia for $ 6 million but it was deportivo . 
  i 'd say khedira or vidal . 
  khedira seems like a cheaper option . 
  man u needs a midfielder , you have got enough good players up front . 
  there are a lot of teams who would accept a rvp , rooney , mata at the top ... vidalor khedira would give the stability the team needs , not di maria . 
  why do you doubt us paid a ransom ? 
  if the nusra front did n't ask for a ridiculous amount of money i think ransom money is the most possible . 
  just because officially us `` does n't negotiate with terrorists '' most of the time they do exactly that on the case of hostage release . 
  there are reports that they were flown in to help evacuate , but i think we 'll never find out the truth on that one . 
  but just think about it : you live , train , and protect either you alawite heartland or central damascus , where you have the support of the population , and suddenly you get thrown in the middle of the desert more or less surrounded by radical islamists . 
  if they were flown in there to protect the base , i doubt they were on high fighting spirit ( especially if they had an escape route ) . 
  i know for a fact , than even though it 's not us , the italian government payed money to get pierre piccinin de prata and domenico quirico released . 
  italian government never acknowledged officially that they payed money for them , but pierre piccinin said so in an interview . 
  there was the american soldier who was kept by the talibans for several years before a prisoner exchange took place with 5 taliban commanders set free for him . 
  i 'd call that negotiating with terrorists , even though perhaps money were n't exchanged . 
  thanks for both of you for clearing this up , i 've spent about half an hour looking into this , i was wrong . . european countries are saying officially that they do n't pay ransom as well , when in fact they do from time to time , so that 's why i thought it 's the same case with uk/us . 
  looks like several arab countries are teaming up against radical islamism . 
  i mostly only watched him in the national team , and he was reliable , but nothing extra . 
  he 's never the kind of goalkeeper who you will say , `` saved our team a point '' , but he always shows up , and rarely makes big mistakes . 
  from what i heard in 1860 m\u00fcnich he was unquestionably the number one choice and he has leadership skills as well . 
  he did n't loose it because he performed badly , he lost it because he almost hit a teammate during a match . 
  he 's a cool guy nevertheless https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnieiykn5ha, 
  if you look at their faces , you can see that they have already been put through torture . 
  that 's like 20 people ... 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  would prefer maximum 150 $ ; $ 110 . 
  colour : black ( or dark blue ) or white . 
  style : this is what i usually wear : http://www.zara.com/hu/en/man/shoes/shoes/canvas-sport-blucher-c269241p1983352.html ; http://www.zara.com/hu/en/man/shoes/shoes/slim-fit-rubberised-shoe-c269241p2106052.html something like this would be great , obviously i 'm going to need more cushioning . 
  not a fan of boots . 
  basically an elegant enough shoe if you work at an office is what i 'm looking for . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , i have been reading about them , and i 'm buying . 
  do you think that insoles are enough , even with a shoe like this : http://www.zara.com/hu/en/man/shoes/shoes/slim-fit-rubberised-shoe-c269241p2106052.html because i thought that i need to stabilize my ankles as well . 
  assholes and disgusting ... 
  i played hockey as well , that 's how i injured my knee , seems like we 're walking in the same shoes , 
  i never thought of how i tight i should tie my shoes , thanks for that . 
  given you experience , would you say that when walking , my foot should be able to move a bit ? 
  i heard that for running shoes especially . 
  thanks a lot , definitely will do !, 
  yeah . 
  it will be very hard for the alawites to go and fight in the desert , since they are extremely vulnerable over there , and basically not fighting for a real cause . 
  these 200 people seem such a waste , they should have just evacuated if they suspected they were going to get run over . 
  ca n't see a very important reason from a strategic point of view to have a base more or less surrounded by the enemy ... 
  thanks !, 
  by cbds do you mean clarks desert boots ? 
  thanks a lot , definitely got me thinking . 
  from what i read on this sub assad can still reach and bomb raqqa from another airport . 
  i think on the cost-benefit level he miscalculated this one . 
  that 's hilarious mate . 
  could be true , but is soldiers were shouting `` nusayri '' all the time when the prisoners were marching in the desert . 
  i do n't think is was able to take more than a hundred civilians without anyone noticing , so the most possible is that they are from taqba . 
  if they really were civilians , why take them to the desert , and waste money on busses and fuel ? 
  most men looked like fighters as well , meaning that they had decent physical traits , no one too fat or old/young . 
  yeah of course it could be true . 
  i just realized a really simple explanation for stripping their clothes is for the is to use it to disguise as army soldiers in future operations . 
  i really do n't think that milan and the serie a will suit him in any way . 
  the hype and the pressure will still be there , if not bigger than at chelsea . 
  we all know how different italian supporters are from the english . 
  if he was already going to loan it would have been a much better option for him to go back to spain . 
  since you are a whu supporter you must know more about him than i do , but in my opinion he 's a very underrated player . 
  it 's not the astro-hungarian empire , in fact there never was a country looking like that in the white . 
  however during the caliphate of c\u00f3rdoba there was the so called [ hungarian invasions of europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_invasions_of_europe ) where as hungarian fighters robbed and attacked populations all over europe as you can see on [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_invasions_of_europe#mediaviewer/file:kalandozasok.jpg ) map . 
  however we can not call the territory of their raids as establishing a country . 
  yeah i guess you got a point there . 
  i watch a lot of wigan , and some games he was an absolute beast in the midfield , no one would understand why martinez did n't play him . 
  have to admire his honesty as well !, 
  ahhhhh the good old transfer window closing session is kicking in . 
  thanks a lot for the translation !, 
  besic ... can only laugh at that . 
  do n't worry everton fans , he 's a good player , and i hope for you he 'll start next game , as he 's very solid defensively . 
  he 's not that typical dm , he has very good technique and gets forward a lot . 
  besic move reminded me of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmngitefryk, 
  do n't judge him ... 
  yes , just like conte did n't start pogba either , but look how that turned out !, 
  ahham ... assad was in the army serving as a doctor , he was n't a `` soldier '' ... 
  in your case obama is just as a soldier as bashar . 
  i would agree with you except the 3 state solution card , i 'd rather have an autonomous region . 
  the problem with the alawites is that they are not really concentrated in one region , in latakia city , sunni muslims are actually majority , in the whole governorate we reach the 70 % alawi majority . 
  according to wikipedia : there are 2.6 million alawis in syria ( not counting the rest of the shia offshouts ) in latakia governorate 70 % of the 1.8 million are alawis , which leaves us with 1,26 million alawis who live in latakia . 
  that 's more or less half of the total alawi population , where as the left lives in damascus homs , hama , aleppo . 
  i think it 's virtually impossible to take 1.3 million alawis to the coast unharmed , even if they wanted to . 
  and then we come to the rest of the minorities , what would happen to christians , druze , ismailis ect ? 
  should they also take a small bit of land inside what we even today call syria and live there ? 
  how about the sunni bourgeois in damascus and aleppo who assad has relied heavily on , what should happen to them ? 
  what happens if erdogan does n't want a separate alawi state and decides to open the border for the revolutionaries , as he did just a couple of months ago ? 
  there are to many question marks for me on this one , separe alawi state would mean an endless war for me . 
  there should be peace making deal between the alawis and sunnis , where as we could talk about an autonomous region , but they would still have some contact together and deciding that keeping the state together and working together will bring less killing . 
  but for that to happen the minorities and rich sunnis need to denounce assad , and the sunnis need to get rid of extremism . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03zoynvow6e ) one is the craziest i 've ever seen . 
  worth to watch in full screen . 
  this is really good , i wish i 'd have the book . 
  how they get these players ? 
  massive wages , and pl football . 
  i think utd could go for either chiellini or bonucci , they 'd both be great in the pl . 
  do n't know a lot about him , but i hope with time he 'll be an upgrade to mcarthur , as he is cm apparently .
