  all of these countries have at least one superstar , and a few players playing at the top 5 leagues . 
  this season hungary had 2 players playing regularely in the bundesliga , szalai and huszti ( neither of them get invited to the national team ) . 
  hungarians do n't realize , how big football actually is here , it is by far the biggest sport . 
  2 days ago at the cup final there were 24 000 people , so it could have audience . 
  unfortunately the level of our football is terrible , it just hurts to watch what they do . 
  if your team coach says : do n't dribble , do n't take risks , try to score from a corner , how will anyone wa n't to see that football game ? 
  when i said montenegro can qualify obviosly that was extreme , but slovakia was there a couple of years ago . 
  wow brown ... wonder if that really was unintentional ... 
  what a fucking shot !!!!!!!!!!, 
  really unexpected , did n't think he was able to pull a wrist shot like that !, 
  crawford did n't see anything , but that does n't take any credit away . 
  chicago needs to survive this to keep it alive . 
  thanks sportmaster . 
  master of disaster . 
  la fans about this goal : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-ikwpm7ts0, 
  you 're a bad looser bro . 
  exactly this . 
  it is not like everyone who turned out to vote only goes there to `` to stay in good standing with the embassy '' ( the governement ) , but there is the intimidation factor as well for a certain degree . 
  without taking sides , i think we all know this election is n't legitimate , ( not saying that the us elections are , that 's not the point here ) the syrian governement decided who can challange assad , and they decided who can vote . 
  assad has everything to win with this election , but actually nothing at all will change , the bloodshed will continue for a fair amount of time . 
  and the `` masses '' in beirut who turned up to work , does n't mean anything in my opinion , there is even support inside north korea for their dictator , this civil war is far more complex than a vote . 
  i would like to say , that if my country would be at civil war , and i would become a refugee , and hate my leader , i would still go vote . 
  better be safe than sorry . 
  he does n't want to come back unfortunatley . 
  i 'm hungarian , so obviosly i followed what he did at videoton . 
  he goes defense first , he can really stabilize a team . 
  he made videoton ( with an annual budget of max 8 million $ ) reach the europa league ( beating trabzonspor in the play-off ) . 
  in the group stage they beat sporting lisboa 3-0 at home , and gent . 
  i 'm pretty sure basel was in that group as well , and vidi beat them . 
  videoton almost qualified for the play-off , which has been the biggest succes of a hungarian club in the last 10 years . 
  in the hungarian league , all though videoton were the richest , and had the best squad , they played quite defensively , for which he got a lot of criticism . 
  anyways , he has been the best coach in our league in the last couple of years . 
  the team morale was really good , players seemed to like him , and he has good tactical knowledge . 
  our national team wanted him . 
  i personally have really high expectations of him , he has the potential of becoming a coach in the top 4 leagues . 
  negatives : he takes criticism really bad , he can be horrible with the media , and the team sometimes play so deffensively that it can backfire . 
  when he looses he blames the refferees a lot . 
  i would n't expect any nice football , vidi was the best team in our league , basel is as well in the swiss league . 
  i do n't know if there is a basel sub , if so , i 'll post this there as well . 
  i 'm hungarian , so obviosly i followed what he did at videoton . 
  he goes defense first , he can really stabilize a team . 
  he made videoton ( with an annual budget of max 8 million $ ) reach the europa league ( beating trabzonspor in the play-off ) . 
  in the group stage they beat sporting lisboa 3-0 at home , and gent . 
  i 'm pretty sure basel was in that group as well , and vidi beat them . 
  videoton almost qualified for the play-off , which has been the biggest succes of a hungarian club in the last 10 years . 
  in the hungarian league , all though videoton were the richest , and had the best squad , they played quite defensively , for which he got a lot of criticism . 
  anyways , he has been the best coach in our league in the last couple of years . 
  the team morale was really good , players seemed to like him , and he has good tactical knowledge . 
  our national team wanted him . 
  i personally have really high expectations of him , he has the potential of becoming a coach in the top 4 leagues . 
  negatives : he takes criticism really bad , he can be horrible with the media , and the team sometimes play so deffensively that it can backfire . 
  when he looses he blames the refferees a lot . 
  i would n't expect any nice football , vidi was the best team in our league , basel is as well in the swiss league . 
  ohh dzsudzs\u00e1k ... our brightest star in the last 5-6 year or so . 
  the way he played at psv he could have easily moved to a high-table club at the top 4 leagues . 
  he had a contract from lille in front of him , rejected it . 
  signed for money to anji instead to fucking dagestan instead . 
  in 8 games at anji , if i remember correctly , he had one assist . 
  they signed zhirkov , and he was sitting on the bench . 
  got sold to dynamo moscow after 6 months . 
  i do n't know how he did it , but he was signed to anji for something like 13 million and sold to dynamo for 18 after not really producing . 
  at dynamo , they put him after some while to the right wing , he barely plays on the left any more ( only in the national team ) . 
  i ca n't be bothered to look at his stats , but in every season at dynamo he must have had maximum 4 goals and 7 assist . 
  a flop . 
  here in our newspaper he says , he has `` developed a lot defensively '' , but he just simply could n't produce , the russian league was n't made for a 68 kg guy , he has n't been able to show what he is really good at . 
  oh before i forget , most of the summer he has been linked to everton , liverpool , and inter , but they would n't pay enough . 
  i think liverpool said last summer that they would like to loan him with an agreed transfer fee later on , but the bid got rejected . 
  this season , he 's really going . 
  dynamo recently switched coach , and he has been on the bench the last couple of games . 
  he is 28 ( or 27 ) , the rumours are that dynamo would sell him for 10 million $ . 
  i would say a bit more , maybe 12 . 
  he is linked a lot to the italian league : inter , lazio and fiorentina . 
  all though he is 28 , and a moneygrabbing whore , i think he could be a bargain for a mid level premier league or bundesliga club , i doubt serie a would suit him . 
  would be really good for hungarian football if he would succeed , i have n't given up . 
  good for sevilla i think . 
  valencia has n't been the same since he left . 
  is he getting into the starting eleven ? 
  if he makes it you 're probably right !, 
  he is my favourite player so obviosly i 'm biased . 
  when he signed for arsenal last day of the transfer window , it was the most unexpected thing ever . 
  if he would be signed permanently , it would be the same thing . 
  i doubt spartak wants him back , arsenal could get him probably really cheaply so you never know . 
  stieber unfortunately flopped in the bundesiga last time he was there with mainz . 
  buz his personality is really good , he is shy , trains much , and always tries to improve . 
  he can be a good signing especially for that amount of money . 
  read an interveiw today in the hungarian newspaper , he said this is an opportunity of a lifetime for him . 
  he also said that a team mate asked him a couple of months ago , where he would like to play in the bundesliga and he said hamburg , so he feels really lucky . 
  hope he 'll do well . 
  i have no idea what style he played with maccabi , it can only be good that he goes a bit offensively !, 
  yeah , i mean these last couple of years there are a lot of talents we just gave up on without giving a chance . 
  i would rather see someone young and own jumping in a couple of times than padoin , vucinic , maybe even ogbonna . 
  yep , especially his agent . 
  that loan bid from liverpool was said by dinamo , so that was probably true . 
  in hungary we had really big problems . 
  when they look to bribe a game , they usually do n't go to the best leagues , but to smaller ones ( hungary , finland , lower leagues ) because the players wages are so low , that they are in need of the money . 
  here in hungary a player had about 2000 $ a month in the first division . 
  they would offer about 5000 $ for minimum 3-4 players , and they could make it . 
  it is not that difficult . 
  however i do n't think it happens in the top leagues where wages are payed on time . 
  4th line ?
