  the communist party was outlawed for example , but because of soviet pressure hafez al-assad re-legitimized them , and some of the communist party members even went into government : he even had at least one communist ministers . 
  basically the bath party absorbed the communist party just like it did with the ssnp . 
  i do n't have much knowledge about the communist party today , but i 'm assuming that their influence in the syrian society in negligible . 
  in any case they 've become weaker and weaker , and are most likely controlled by the bath . 
  i doubt they have any public support , and it 's likely that their a tool , for the government to be able to say , that `` it 's not only the bath party which forms the government , we have a coalition of parties '' . 
  there have been small progress , but nothing game changing . 
  their grip on saa troops there is tighter , that 's it . 
  you could take a picture of a newspaper with today 's date . 
  it 's not optimal but it could be good enough . 
  add to that that the syrian pound has lost a lot of it 's value . 
  what is the sing on the left side at 04:04 ? 
  thanks, 
  it 's fine . 
  yeah romania is way better , all though neither of the teams had any big chances . 
  he is on , hope he continues his form . 
  torje and dzsudzs\u00e0k is good . 
  he is quite bad in this game , and did n't play the last one . 
  i 'm not saying that mls is a bad league but , he has barely touched the ball here . 
  i like him though , but he seems week on international level . 
  seems i 'm the only one saying this in this thread : let 's go hungary !!, 
  i hope so much , that dardai will be good for you !, 
  i remember that dardai said during his press conferences in hungary that : the defence is easier , but much more important to put to gather that the offense . 
  the moment the defence is put togather , then we can talk about offense . 
  the mighty wigan !, 
  that would be great , i would definitely comment there . 
  coming from a di\u00f3sgy\u0151r fan . 
  kallstr\u00f6m should n't be playing in a 4-4-2 formation as a midfielder , he 's to slow for that . 
  then he 'll fit well in our league : /, 
  hamburg fans : what is happening with stieber ? 
  he was ok last year , even earned a place in the starting lineup . 
  he has n't even been in the squad this season . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  in an interview in the hungarian media he said that he talked with the coach during the summer and he and the club decided that he 'll stay to fight for a place in the squad . 
  he helped palestinians in the jordanian war , + syria was engaged in 1973 and before as well against israel . 
  for me it 's understandable that some palestinians support the assads . 
  not sure if it makes up for what happened in lebanon though . 
  but there are some palestinian political parties who support assad , right ? 
  what do you mean `` spite hamas '' ? 
  that fatah would like to get followers from hamas who support assad ? 
  nice djurg\u00e5rden shirt on the background !, 
  there are two questions i ca n't answer to . 
  - the one about us troops on the ground , since i would n't mind us troops on the ground helping the iraqi army in a more active role , all though rarely or never engage in combat . 
  - about china : they are already active in the government side in the war by commercial activity and ( i think ) they are selling them weapons on a limited quantity . 
  what exactly do you mean get involved in ? 
  like fighting ? 
  more weapons ? 
  that was a weird but interesting interview . 
  has lamela made a forward pass this game ? 
  ded thread why !, 
  2 guys from britain in watford squad ... 
  my bad , you 're right !, 
  still very few , and quite bad for the english nt . 
  szalai scores in hungary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eehmyphmp7a, 
  not that you are n't exaggerating but exactly . 
  i 've lived in several countries like belgium , sweden and france . 
  i 'm from hungary , and right now i live here , and i see much more xenophobic hatred here ( even from the government ) . 
  there is much more racism here even though probably the arabs here make up a 20th compared to the arabs living in belgium , sweden or france ... 
  this is n't even a protest against immigration , because how may immigrants choice of destination is poland ? 
  i really like poland , but how would they react if fans in stadiums in england would put up the same banner against the poles ( since there are a lot of them living them there ) . 
  i still do believe that a minority of the people think this way in poland , just because some people put this banner up does n't mean everyone thinks this way . 
  liverpool fans : as a hungarian i 'm curious about bogd\u00e1n . 
  i know he had a great game against swindon . 
  how good has mignolet been this season ? 
  how would you feel if bogd\u00e1n would start in the ec instead ? 
  and before hama . 
  not a difficult guess why homs overtook it . 
  because of the hama massacre in 1982 . 
  looks like dardai is doing a good job !, 
  yes , i 'm satisfied with this game . 
  i 'm happy that allegri did n't change the lineup from mid-week . 
  we still have to remember that we played against a team which is dead last in the serie a. 
  where is this village ? 
  ghab plain ? 
  edit : never mind , latakia . 
  not sure if hama airport has the sufficient capacity because , as to my knowledge , it is the largest saa base in the north of the country . 
  nice username, 
  come on iceland whole hungary is rooting for you . 
  yeah , should have wrote depth . 
  maybe the helicopters are n't able to land though . 
  exactly . 
  our most `` famous '' player is dzsudzs\u00e1k who plays for bursaspor in turkey ... then we have szalai who almost never gets into the match day squad in hoffenheim . 
  then we have kir\u00e1ly who is now 40 i think and plays back in hungary . 
  then we have stieber who never gets in the squad in hamburg either . 
  finally we have t\u0151zs\u00e9r who did n't have a team during the whole summer after he was not wanted in watford and recently signed to qpr where he sits on the bench . 
  so yeah these are our most `` famous '' players . 
  did i mention we 've had 3 captains during the qualifications ? 
  gul\u00e1csi is on the bench in rb leipzig and not called up , and nemeth scores many goals for kansas in mls but weak in the nt . 
  that game did n't matter though . 
  it was like an exhibition match . 
  barzagli gets better with the years . 
  morata-dybala for me . 
  without a drone footage i ca n't be sure , but from what i 've seen jobar is the most destroyed district in syria . 
  what do you think about d\u00e1rdai ? 
  his long range passing has been extraordinary since he signed for us , but in the last two years or so his dribbles have been getting very good as well . 
  it 's crazy but he crosses way better than lichsteiner and evra . 
  just not this season ( so far ) . 
  i feel like he 's trying to much . 
  i would like to see him benched for a game or two . 
  my only guess is that cuadrado is tired . 
  it 's interesting you say that as sa provides egypt with quite a bit of money .
