  the moment you figure out how to use the vlc stream and see it 's quality --  so good !, 
  thank you whoever made this possible !, 
  lol 5 foot 8 elbowing a 6 ' 5 . 
  how is that possible . 
  absolutely spot on , the goal should n't have counted . 
  what a gift !, 
  hahaha what the fuck exactly . 
  respect boston !!!!, 
  never giving up . 
  i started cheering for atlanta when they were created , i was around 8 . 
  kovalchuk , heatly , hossa were good times . 
  when i was 12 , for whatever reaseon , i found the owner 's e-mail in the home page , and sent a mail . 
  to my suprise he replied , we talked a little . 
  when i was 14 he asked me for my address , i told him . 
  he sent an original signed jersey of my favourite player ilya kovalchuk . 
  now at 21 i still have it framed on the wall in my room . 
  worth noting that i live in hungary . 
  my family sent a wine back . 
  i will always have huge respect for bruce levenson , maybe he made mistakes when he sold the team , but really he must be a fantastic person . 
  if you like ice hockey : `` can you believe , what we just saw ? '', 
  i have two exams at uni in little more than a week . 
  if i fail one of them , i 'm likely to get kicked out . 
  but the `` screwed '' aka `` stress '' feeling is pushing me much , so it will work out all right . 
  to keep things on an even keel . 
  la is really strong in this playoff . 
  pepe escobar appears a lot on rt and sometimes on presstv . 
  i like his analysis on syria , not so much on ukraine , but he can be a really smart guy . 
  he has several blogs , here is what he said about ukraine : http://www.atimes.com/atimes/central_asia/cen-01-170414.html, 
  just wrote this somewhere else but : i started cheering for a now extinc ice hockey team in the nhl called atlanta thrashers when they were created , i was around 8 . 
  when i was 12 , for whatever reaseon , i found the owner 's e-mail in the home page , and sent a mail . 
  to my suprise he replied , we talked a little . 
  when i was 14 he asked me for my address , i told him . 
  he sent an original signed jersey of my favourite player ilya kovalchuk . 
  now at 21 i still have it framed on the wall in my room . 
  worth noting that i live in hungary , so he sent it there . 
  my family sent a wine back . 
  i will always have huge respect for bruce levenson , maybe he made mistakes when he sold the team , but really he must be a fantastic person . 
  that was intense , but fucking nbc managed to sqeez in one last commercial 46 sec left . 
  assholes . 
  yeah i know , but it 's like this : lets have a commercial , and 45 seconds later lets have the discover card intermission report . 
  nhl should try to do something about this , it makes some people not watch hockey in my opinion . 
  at least on nbc . 
  unrelated : can you believe what we just saw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcwpe_cqnuu, 
  poor guy was drafted first overall in ' 99 . 
  retired 2008 from switzerland . 
  one of the greatest draft busts ever . 
  yeah you did !, 
  my man , fellow european . 
  haha exactly same here !!!!, 
  plus my exam period starts in 8 days , so it 's really bad !, 
  usually fall asleep after the first period on a 1am game . 
  yeah we got to know our priorities !, 
  there has been some really good games , but we do n't have a choice as students/workers . 
  i envy north american people so much when it comes to this . 
  obiously it went off parise 's stick , saad ai n't no kovalchuk . 
  a beautiful life ( italian ), 
  what a fucking play !!!!, 
  ice cold !, 
  unrelated : where the fuck is vince vaughn ? 
  i forgot my uni card at home , when they control your pass in the metro in hungary you need that student card with the pass . 
  fucking controller lady obviosly comes today of all days and all though she believed me as going to uni , she wrote a ticket because `` she was doing her job '' . 
  no , fuck you lady i showed you another card , i said i could show you my uni books , you believe me , and still you write me a ticket , fuck you , you stubborn nazi-bitch , hope you have a horrible day . 
  thanks for doing this q and a. i 've read several books about the syrian governement , and my question is this : do you think p. assad is control of all of is forces , in syria ? 
  if we take for example the chemical attack , is n't it possible that his brother mahel al-assad , or their mother is actually running things from behind the scenes , and ordered that ? 
  i 'm saying , of course , that bashar has the main responsability for what is happening , but he might not be a dictator with full control of everything that is happening within the army . 
  thanks for your veiw . 
  please , add me if possible !, 
  3:30 am in hungary . 
  it will be bright when the game ends here as well . 
  marchand is such an asshole , but awesome at the same time . 
  i love your awesome asshole as well, 
  douglas murray copy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aneyyemncgi, 
  what the fuck is all this caps lock, 
  thank you . 
  joining the caps lock club, 
  and so all the neutrals from the bruins-habs game join . 
  to say it simple , the rangers just wants it more tonight ... 
  no worries , montreal will turn it around in the 3rd peroid . 
  not . 
  who am i joking . 
  let 's just be positive . 
  this is your big chance montr\u00e9al , you need to produce now , if you want to get out something of this game !, 
  to all the young people pursuing a pro carreer : s\u00f6derberg played in the swedish second division until he was 24 . 
  never give up on your dreams . 
  he 's not the only one with that type of carreer either . 
  exactly , my motto was to that always work harder than anyone else i knew . 
  most people who get drafted and do n't make it . 
  he probably worked his ass off to get where he is now . 
  always a positive thing !, 
  absolutely right , i just have one thaught : imagine you 're the best player in your team , noone of your teammates are big enough to protect you , so everyone tries to hit you , do cheap shots all the time . 
  you 're bound to have enough and pull of something like that unfortunately at one point . 
  + adrenalin . 
  i 'd say boston , montreal has n't really been able to put any solid pressure on them . 
  as a neutral it would be hilarious if the ducks would n't have a shot on net this peroid . 
  does anyone know if it has ever happened before in the playoffs ? 
  did n't know about this , thanks !, 
  that all the nigeran girls would be found . 
  come on wigan , we can do it !, 
  no wigan fan ( like me ) agrees on that now , but normally yes , true that . 
  good effort though .
