  tibbling cm , just signed to gr\u00f6ningen from djurgarden ( 19 years old ) and amartey at coppenhagen ( 18 y o cb ), 
  i got him on loan so many times at fm when starting from the lower leagues . 
  in nl . 
  i thought it 's written with an '' \u00f6 '' . 
  yeah , but he was insane for me in l1 and championship , + decent when fighting against relegation in pl, 
  bigger save than de gea 's . 
  this cobflict has really taken a grip on me , i do n't think there has been a conflict which affects international relations in a long time . 
  to answer to the question why i come back to this sub , is this : every time i come back i keep hope deep down that the conflict has been solved . 
  he played in hungary last season , was total shit , i think he scored one goal before being sent back on winter to the serie b team he was loaned from . 
  poor guy . 
  i 'm hoping for the best for him , but things are looking really grim . 
  does anyone know if negotiations are taking place ? 
  that 's a great article . 
  is faylaq al-homs related to the al-farouk brigade ? 
  yeah , i 'm sooooooooooo lucky i speak swedish , i saw the movie about a year ago . 
  can only recommend it . 
  never said that i 'm swedish , i only speak the language ... 
  sapa feh\u00e9rv\u00e1r is a hungarian team playing in ebel . 
  hello elijah , thanks for doing this . 
  my question concerns the regime : there has ben an open talk during the last year or so about the regime army becoming more and more like militias with damascus having troble giving orders . 
  there is now ndf , the syrian and lebanese hezbollah , and diverse foreign militias as well . 
  do you think that the assad family might loose power and finish off in the future by only controlling the republican guard/small part of saa for example ? 
  can the regime give orders to all the fractions who are fighting on `` his side '' , or has there already been cases where orders were not respected ? 
  i 'm wondering if we 're going to that direction , because that 's one scary future , with the whole country falling apart . 
  thanks again . 
  yesterday was n't wednesday though . 
  how has tadic been this season ? 
  this is not a statement from the american government , ford is n't employed there any more . 
  take this as a private person making a statement . 
  in a speech or interview some time ago ( like half a month ) he said something in this way : `` one thing that has changed , now that i 'm not working for the us government any more is that i can say what i want '' . 
  he probably still has friends in the us state department , and his opinion counts , but his role ends there , in my opinion unfortunately . 
  so the player bajner b\u00e1lint is really cocky , he said statements like : i do n't care about hungarian football , i do n't want to play in the national team , and things like that . 
  ipswich signed him on a free in the beginning of the season after a try-out . 
  in his first game he starts but gets substituted in the 44th minute . 
  after the game the coach said that he just could n't keep up the tempo . 
  when bajner got asked the same question , why he got substituted he said : `` so that the fans could applaud , clap me '' . 
  from there and on all he has been ridiculed in hungarian media , and fans started making fun of him on the ipswich page with things like `` no bajner , no party '' . 
  countless of memes have been created as well . 
  so the ipswich fans did n't know what it was all about and started thinking that he 's really good . 
  their facebook page got so overwhelmed that they ended up blocking all hungarian ip adresses ( still ca n't acces their page ) . 
  now it looks like it 's notts county 's turn after they signed him on loan . 
  as a djurgarden fan i 'm not to happy about this . 
  this kid is 17 now , and already made a couple of first team appereances at 16 . 
  big talent . 
  the financials have n't been made official about the transfer , but i 'm sure he 'll be worth more after 5 appearances in schalke than what we got for him . 
  he turned 17 , who knows where he 'll be at 20 . 
  did you study in europe ? 
  got called up to the pro level ice hockey team , trained with them for two months . 
  during that time i realized that i 'm good enough to do what i love for the rest of my life . 
  torn all my ligaments in a game , had 4 operations and even walking today is very painful . 
  it 's been 4 years . 
  if i 'm not mistaken there has been some coalition airstrikes against the so called `` korasan group '' in aleppo province . 
  i doubt there would be airstrikes in a ypg-regime/hezbollah confrontation . 
  i wonder if he considers the syrian state enemy . 
  should have added the iraqi armed forces . 
  because it will be interesting to see especially in syria how kurdistan will accept if the saa wants to put up administrative offices in their heartland . 
  if the kurds will let the government come back . 
  i heard the weather makes it difficult for airstrikes . 
  that 's one of the reason why the timing of the launch of the offensive is odd . 
  thanks for the response . 
  what a terrible way to make a treaty . 
  unfortunately the tv does n't show the gam3 . 
  it 's 1-1 which is crazy . 
  one is attack , not sure about the other one . 
  i lost 20 euroes with that . 
  i do n't think the saa does public executions . 
  at least we do n't know about any development . 
  evacuate because of what ? 
  it sounds really shady , the tomb has n't been attacked so far . 
  i think there is something other going on ; this might be a pretext . 
  do n't understand the point of this article ... 
  here are the videos of the aftermath :, 
  update : 1 killed an 9 injured . 
  two police stations and two mobile shops ( one of them vodafone ) were the targets . 
  source : http://english.ahram.org.eg/newscontent/1/64/123956/egypt/politics-/updated--killed,--injured-in--blasts-at-mobile-sho.aspx, 
  what 's the name of the book ? 
  how does douma and the rest of the pockets around damascus get weapon supplies ? 
  smuggling ? 
  there is no proof that he did the chemical attack . 
  just in case of downvotes , obviously i 'm not saying that he did n't do it , i 'm just not convinced . 
  i really wish that, 
  1 : the interview would have been longer, 
  2 : the interviewer would have spoken better english, 
  3 : to know more about how assad offered to help the kurds, 
  yes . 
  the state is paying state employes who still work in rebel held territory , that 's widely known . 
  what article ? 
  thanks . 
  really like al-monitor . 
  the nazis documented the things that took place in the concentration camps , they just managed to destroy most parts of it before the allies got there . 
  what do you think about the winter signings so far ? 
  is k\u00e1d\u00e1r going to start ? 
  the away team scored, 
  they did n't even pressure him on one question . 
  thank you !, 
  shame you guys lost today . 
  for now !, 
  he 's still at honved , but he hss been injured for a really long time , he got operated ad well . 
  yo be honest , he has n't been that amazing when given the chance , but he 's still young . 
  i do n't think the population would accept anyone with the last name assad as president .
