  he 's live right now on m4 in the pre game show !, 
  polak wiger dwa bratanki i do sklanki i do sabli !, 
  sorry for you !, 
  i 'm a djurgarden fan and i love you coach , all though from what i 'm hearing he 's quite disliked in norway ... 
  guly\u00e1s  but in english pronciation it 's right . 
  i 'm glad i got it right !, 
  i cheer for poland apart from hungary of course !, 
  so does most , if not every hungarian . 
  it 's a really good game so far . 
  better than sweden ireland yesterday . 
  yes !, 
  he 's at lech poznan in poland right now . 
  has been linked to pl . 
  damn , gera has been amazing so far . 
  he has n't been great this season though , not in the nt either . 
  i was starting to think he was to old . 
  i 'm glad though !, 
  yeah on paper at least . 
  k\u00e1d\u00e1r our right back has been great the last couple of years as well though . 
  kleinheisler has been dradful so for , come on !!, 
  please alaba do n't score . 
  40 years are 40 reasons to save that shot kir\u00e1y !, 
  okay reddit what do you think about hungary so far ? 
  in a subjective opinin i think gera and k\u00e1d\u00e1r have been our best players , and our fans have been amazing . 
  szalai is crying on the bench . 
  litererally . 
  the touch line commentator just said it . 
  i hope it will be happy cries in the end as well . 
  yes exactly !, 
  you do n't know what this game this means to us ... just look at our football history . 
  i 'm happy someone from lebanon is living here in hungary . 
  one of my drams is to visist beirut , and lebanon . 
  polak wiger dwa bratanki i do sabli i do sklanki brother !, 
  well written , but gera is probably to old to be able to play all games ( in the group games ) . 
  yes , i would play elek against portugal but try to keep on gera against iceland . 
  buzsaky was really good , but then he torned his knee ligaments , i think two times . 
  he tried to continue playing , but only managed to get a couple of games for ferencv\u00e1ros ( gera 's club ) two seasons ago . 
  last i heard from him he was playing in lower division in hungary , but i think now he 's retired . 
  peter halmosi played in plymouth as well if i remember correctly !, 
  he 's still playing in his mother club in hungary . 
  you guys close on signing him ? 
  i saw some reports about that . 
  england has been looking much more positive this second half , hodgson seem to have made a heck of a team talk during the pause !, 
  wonder how wales will react , because so far it 's been looking dire for them . 
  did n't know kassai will be the referee . 
  he had a poor opening game did n't he ? 
  hoping for the best . 
  why do you like him that much ? 
  so pumped , but let 's not overestimate our team ... a win against austria was nice but that 's only one game . 
  ria ria hungaria, 
  we have to be really careful as well because when lars lagerb\u00e4ck was the swedish coach we met with ten many times in qualifying . 
  did n't even manage to get a point . 
  lets break that curse today !, 
  it 's ridiculous , especially how much of tax payers money went into this new channel . 
  utter incompetence since its launch . 
  nothing really . 
  it 's just a word play . 
  fucking well deserved as well ( feel for you iceland though ) . 
  so in the match thread when hungary scored i said i `` feel four you iceland '' and now i explain why , because they barely deserved even one point . 
  lars lagarbeck , the iceland and former swedish coach . 
  many times we were in the same group as sweden in world and european qualification phases . 
  we always lost when he was their coach , and many times undeserved , and two times when they scored after the 95th minute :, 
  it felt so bad for me and for every hungarian . 
  i still remember vividly seeing our team playing very well and then zlatan and lagarbeck 's tactics beating us last minute . 
  not today boys . 
  todays we did it . 
  deservedly . 
  i hope you go through as well . 
  appereantly our fans went together to the venue , and i could feel a friendship in the cheering in the stadium !, 
  at least that 's what the hungarian commentator said . 
  late to the party !, 
  did you manage to win the cl in the end ? 
  i 'm trying the same with di\u00f3sgy\u0151r . 
  in 2020 now . 
  not sure how realistic it is to take back jisr al shugur as it has been very hard to protect that supply line . 
  did they have that high line until they lost it as well ? 
  i mean judging from that previous map they only had a narrow supply line which was easy to attack , and imo that 's why they rather abondoned the town . 
  would make no sense to take back jisr , and be in the same position . 
  i do n't think so, 
  if they retrieved 89 dead the rest ~ 50 could have easily been withdrawned by is . 
  the biggest reason is that a couple of players have yellow card , and we do n't want them suspended . 
  i 'm excited for the substitutes as well , especially elek in cm and korhut in rb . 
  we have an absoltutely ridiculos height advantage . 
  1 point is enough , but then they 'd meet a very good opponent . 
  especially after that 8-1 . 
  i remember that day vividly . 
  just so you guys know : our goalkeeper 's name `` kir\u00e1ly '' means literally `` king '' in hungarian . 
  guys , we beat austria , we should have beaten island , why is everyone surprised ? 
  plus portugal has n't been good in the group stage . 
  well this sucks for a european ... 
  that was a loud allah akhbar at the end ... 
  ridiculos to try to build trenches out in the open like that right at the front line . 
  what did they expect ? 
  go watch the game somewhere in the city center . 
  the atmosphere will be amazing !, 
  kleinheisler got injured during the warm up . 
  adam pinter will start instead of him , that means gera will play as attacking midfielder and pinter move to dm . 
  come on boys !, 
  make us proud just as you have thus far !, 
  that was intense for a hungarian .
