  besic does n't have a eu passport , which means he 's considered coming from outside the eu . 
  to be granted `` work permit '' a player according to the fa needs to play at least 75 % of the national teams games in the last two seasons . 
  if a player does n't meet this criteria it 's unlikely he 'll get a work permit . 
  according to the newspaper , besic would n't be able to play at everton until september , but if he plays all the national teams games during the fall he 'd be eligible . 
  according to a newspaper , besic could staly at ferencv\u00e1ros on loan from everton during the fall , and then he 'd be granted work permit for the spring . 
  another complication of the situation is the ownership of the player : he 's owned 30 % by ferencv\u00e1ros , 70 % by hamburg . 
  the new informations reveal that hamburg did n't pay the `` educational fee '' ( do n't know exactly what it 's called ) for the team besic started playing at : tennis borussia berlin . 
  since hamburg never payed any money for them , it seems berlin would get money from the transfer as well , according to fifa rules . 
  according to goal.com a $ 6 million fee has been agreed nevertheless . 
  what i 'm writing is totally my opinion . 
  i think what 's happening in syria has changed international relations , russia and perhaps china , has emerged as big players , which in my opinion is unfortunate . 
  the way russia continues to defy usa/west in ukraine is a direct consequence of the usa letting putin loose in syria . 
  we heard a lot about russia stopping the west from a intervention , and there was international outrage about that . 
  now i they are moving to an identity as `` potential partners '' someone we have to negotiate with . 
  just like assad as well maybe . 
  usa has become to weak to control russia , which will become even more dangerous when putin will start using his country as the `` slavic peoples protector '' . 
  us should have bombed the hell out of syria . 
  regime and jihadists as well . 
  i doubt the situation would be worse than it is now . 
  unfortunately for the syrian people every time there are major international situations the regime doubles the killing because the focus is somewhere else . 
  i 've been seeing this over again . 
  it happened during geneva 2 , when the 1st malaysian arlines appeared , during the yanukovych disposition , the start of ukranian war , and now during the shot down of the arline . 
  it 's outrageous but we have to give it to the regime , assad is very smart . 
  i 'm against him but in my opinion he 's a civilized man who knows exactly what he 's doing , and has taught of the consequences of most of his actions . 
  he 's very dangerous , and this will only get worse . 
  ** tl : dr : russia saw an opportunity to show force since syria , during every international event assad starts killing even more **, 
  can anyone provide with statistics how many people got killed every day/week/every month since the beginning of the revolution ? 
  the detailed would be the best , would really appreciate it . 
  i was shown a weekly one one day , but they stopped counting when the un stopped counting it seems . 
  hey there . 
  i 've had several operations on the acl , so i 've been looking into shoes to relieve the pain as much as possible . 
  i 've got great asics running shoes ( heard brooks glycerin are great as well ) , but i 'm in need of shoes to go to university/partying . 
  so i 'm looking for good looking shoes , but they have to be good for the knee as well . 
  sorry for the amateur question . 
  i mostly read about the conflict in bbc and here on reddit ( i mostly follow syria ) , i wonder how the powers agreed about debaltseve ? 
  i know that the heavy weapons should have been removed , but the maps i 've seen are really confusing who should have taken control of debaltseve . 
  not sure if anyone will read this , as i doubt anyone cares about hungarian football any more . 
  just feel like the current disaster of our football league system needs to be said . 
  the head of the hungarian football federation is a guy named cs\u00e1nyi s\u00e1ndor , who is by far the richest person in hungary , a banker and sort of an oligarch . 
  the league system for the past years had 16 teams . 
  in every season these past years there has always been at least one team which either did n't finish the season , they went bankrupt , so financially 16 teams is to much . 
  to be able to play in the first division , each team needs to get a license . 
  these last couple of years all the teams managed to get it even though many of them had serious financial problems . 
  this season of course there was another team who was about to default , which was \u00dajpest . 
  \u00dajpest is part of the duchatelet family of clubs , and is used as a farm team for standard de li\u00e9ge and charlton basically . 
  duchatelet decided mid season that he will stop paying the debt he inherited when he bought the club unless he can continue run the team based on another company , and just bankrupt the company which was heavily indebted . 
  of course you ca n't do that , and according to the federation 's legislature , they should 've been relegated to the 3rd division . 
  nevertheless by political pressure they let the owner pull this maneuver and the team stayed in the first division . 
  the interesting part comes after this . 
  in may every team needs to get the license . 
  \u00dajpest got it , but 5 teams did n't . 
  i repeat that 5 teams did n't get it out of 16 . 
  as it looks now , with the promotion next season the first league will be 12 teams , with 5 teams of them playing in the capital city . 
  2 teams are playing less than 40km-s from the capital , one of them is our prime minister 's favorite team , owned by a friend of his . 
  the other team is in a village of 2500 , and the stadium takes 3700 spectators . 
  the prime minister orb\u00e1n , is the founder of the team , and lives in the same village . 
  7 teams out of 12 will be in 40 km radious . 
  our football is so fucking politicized that it 's unbelievable . 
  why did 5 teams not get a license , but fucking \u00dajpest did ? 
  it 's obvious that there are political reasons for this . 
  if the federation wants les teams in the first division why not make the league with 14 teams , and then 12 , instead of going directly during one season ? 
  they want 34 fixtures as well . 
  each teams play each other 3 times . 
  where is the 3rd game going to be played ? 
  neutreal ground ? 
  ridiculous . 
  our fucking football is ridiculous . 
  hi all . 
  whenever i unlock the phone with fingerprint scanner wrong it makes a noise . 
  like if i do it wrong , it writes `` swipe the entire pad '' or `` swipe downwards '' but the built in voice says it as well . 
  it 's really annoying because it voice says it even when the phone is on mute . 
  i 've been searching on google how i can deactivate this , but did n't find any result . 
  please help . 
  hi all . 
  long story short , i had an operation , was without internet for some weeks , and wanted to be sure to have fm during those weeks . 
  obviosly it would have been really boring otherwise . 
  now i have another code , which i do n't need , as i managed to get a hard copy just before the op . 
  i ordered the game on g2play.net , so i 'm not sure if it actually works ( that 's why i do n't want to trade/sell it online ) . 
  none of my friends irl need it , as they already have fm , or do n't play or have a strong enough computer . 
  so yeah , just post here . 
  i 'll check back in 2-3 hours , and pm the winner the code . 
  once again , i have n't tried it , and i 'm not sure it actually works , as g2play.net is appereantly not 100 % safe . 
  ** edit : it 's over , sent the message to the winner . 
  do n't be dissappointed if it was n't you . 
  i 've posted it as comment before , but i want to reach out to as many people as possible . 
  i hope this fits within the framework of / r/hockey, 
  a lot of people hate the atlanta spirit group and bruce levenson for selling the team . 
  about then years ago a quite young me sent an email to him ( i found his email on the thrashers site ) . 
  i wrote something like i love the team and keep up the good work . 
  well he answered and from that every year we emailed each other two times : merry christmas and at the end of the season . 
  even that was pretty amazing for me . 
  i remember , living in europe staying up one night late and watching our team loosing with like 8-1 ( i think against detroit ) . 
  i sent him an email how bad our team was , and how possibly we could reach the playoffs with players like exelby and co. 
  he did n't answer , but pretty soon every player i named was gone of the team . 
  yeah , not because of me of course , but it was funny . 
  he did n't get mad , and the e-mailing continued . 
  a couple of years later after continuing to exchange mails he asked for my adress . 
  it 's worth to note that i lived in hungary which is probably a place few people heard of . 
  he sent a signed autographed trashers jersey . 
  it was signed by my favourite player , ilya kovalchuk .
