  he has played quite a lot in la liga , but is back in hungary now . 
  i think he 's 28 . 
  the problem with lang is that he 's a cb and basically never played as rb . 
  our normal rb fiola got injured the first game . 
  it 's pretty tough to come against an on form hazard in this situation , but he should be able to do a bit better . 
  i 'm sure storck will change something tactically at least . 
  he was in the starting line up but injured himself during the warm up ... 
  exactly . 
  if nusra are rebels then tip are rebels indeed . 
  if this is true does this mean that there are no rebel held roads going into aleppo ? 
  not even small dirt tracks or similar ? 
  about two days ago the saa announced a 72 hours cease fire stating that they wo n't attack anywhere unless they themselves are attacked . 
  it is noteworthy that they cut castello road during this period . 
  as a hungarian i feel the same . 
  thank you everybody contributing/linking . 
  i even corrected a couple of articles in the biggest hungarian online newspaper thanks to this sub . 
  yes the kurdish question might be a miscalculation from the regime , weather from bashar or hafez . 
  but kurdistan will only be a state if the great power want syria which is divided , and from what it seems they do n't want that . 
  thank you . 
  that 's ( one ) of the million dollar questions floating around . 
  whatever will happen between the saa and sdf has been already carefully thought through by the assad regime . 
  i do guess though that sdf will stay in the kurdistan region , and they will have sort of the same role there as the peshmarga has in iraq . 
  as long as there is air cover from the coalition towards sdf nothing will happen between saa and them . 
  isis and the rebels are more important right now and in middle or even long term for the regime . 
  what the regime i think fears the most is that if there is going to be a sdf - saa front line and the coalition starts bombing them . 
  i think they 'd rather have peace and move towards that . 
  romania and i think czech republic have embassies open . 
  yes of course , if there would be an saa - sdf war ( without any coalition support , just arms/ammo ) the saa would still relatively easily win in my opinion . 
  if there would only be isis/rebels/sdf , the saa could take out each and every group , without russian air power . 
  but there are 3 big groups and in the 4th one we have loads of factions . 
  i ca n't see raqqa taken by sdf , the coalition is certainly not encouraging them to do so . 
  even if they take it , it 's an arab town , which belongs to damascus , not rojava . 
   if sdf does n't attempt to capture raqqa would it make their relationship with saa easier ? 
  that suggests that sdf takes raqqa and then hands it over to the saa ones they reach there . 
  there is no reason for sdf to take the town in the first place . 
  if they foolishly do , the saa would fight them just like anyone else . 
  yes , but this is still relatively a stale mate . 
  i mean if you compare a map from 2 years ago to today , there are minor changes in the front lines . 
  in my opinion if we look at territorial changes only , there has barely been any . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  for example the chemical attack was a huge thing , but territory barely changed because of it . 
  i have n't thought of that . 
  as far as i know there are kurdish fighters within is , and even refugees in raqqa so maybe the citizens of raqqa province look at the kurds/sdf in a better way than on the alawite ruling clan of damascus . 
  there is simply no way of knowing without a census . 
  but if we look in recent history ( past 10 years ) . 
  raqqa has been pro bath then the fsa/rebels took the city , then isis came . 
  it does n't seem to have a clear identity whatsoever . 
  maybe the city will just succumb to the first `` liberator '' and does n't really care who that is as long as there is stability . 
  but they are arabs and conservative , i 'm not sure how they would respect sdf who are mostly neither . 
  if the bath party survives , their ideology survives , which is pan-arabism , raqqa belongs there . 
  what do you think ? 
  well the only way to get access to syria and especially to some generals would be if you were writing in a somewhat favourable way towards them . 
  if i know correctly ypg female soldiers are n't allowed to the frontline , right ? 
  i 'm glad he 's still alive , but i hope he 's not getting tortured very much . 
  i read a book about the conditions in palmyra prison in the 1980s were prisoners would pray for their death rather than for their lives , i hope that 's not the case for him . 
  i 'd like to know that as well . 
  my guess is that the university did n't operate any more when is took over , so it could have actually been a military site . 
  i 'd like some proof though ... 
  fee is $ 1.5 which could rise to $ 1.8 . 
  not worth more in my opinion . 
  he did n't show up to training camp . 
  that 's one of the reason they signed nagy appereantly . 
  obviously i 'm doing and have done that ... google ca n't give opinion/sources from bahraini people that 's why i thought giving this an opportunity . 
  thanks for the help . 
  edit : bahraini . 
  sorry for the error . 
  why do you say that it 's a typical upper class response ? 
  do you think the majority , or at least the majority of the shiites support al-wefaq ? 
  what do you think about allegations that their leaders support the iranian agenda ? 
  jasskalainen and bogd\u00e1n were together at bolton as well . 
  so they can land there ? 
  or maybe just sometimes ? 
  yeah but i thought they have n't been able to land there for at least a year . 
  maybe they can land fighter jets but not cargo ? 
  yeah that 's definitely someone saying `` holy shit '' . 
  i would really like to see a report from deir ez zor . 
  both sides can say this ... 
  great article . 
  under `` saudi shopping list '' there is a picture with how much and what the saudis imported from eastern europe . 
  there are 300 tanks on that list as well . 
  does anyone have any information if tanks have been given to the opposition from abroad ? 
  i have n't heard of that yet ... 
  is n't the republican guard only in damascus ? 
  oh yes of course i knew deir ez zor . 
  the republican guard is the only unit which is allowed inside central damascus though right ? 
  maybe this was the surprise the rebel sources have been on about ... 
  you got to be impressed how fast they get this video out to the public . 
  note at 0:50 there is a woman fighter , her - i guess ak - is clearly visible . 
  looks like a kurd to me . 
  where can i find the full video ? 
  elected leader like his father ... 
  thank you . 
  half of them would be captured either way . 
  does this mean that the rebels have fire control on the road which goes to aleppo from the south ? 
  do n't se many dead saa soldiers ... did they all flee ? 
  and from the north . 
  what 's the supply road for the regime which is going through south aleppo called ? 
  the equivalent of the castello road in the north . 
  the two prisoners on the right in the end of the video looked totally fucked up . 
  `` nusayri '' is a derogatory and racist word for alawites .
