  3 : is there electricity all the time ? 
  who runs the power stations ? 
  4 : is there internet ? 
  5 : are there any raqqa residents who joined isis , or helped them to come to power ? 
  oh jesus christ man , anyone who has ever had a leg cramp , knows it will go away in a couple of minutes . 
  it 's fucking nothing . 
  moses single handedly made wigan stay up in epl that season . 
  before him it was n'zogbia . 
  they were both absolutely fantastic down the left wing . 
  why did you sell him to wigan ? 
  i never got that . 
  and crystal sold him for something like 2m $ as well , not that expensive . 
  i go to uni , in a building which was the prison he was held captive after the soviets arrested him . 
  he is a legend in hungary . 
  i can confirm about the `` way it goes '' in post soviet countries . 
  i just countied because of this post : 10 out of 16 clubs in hungary is owned mostly by the leading party ( fidesz ) or the governement , which is pretty much the same thing . 
  this year 2 clubs made profit in total . 
  the scary thing is that the clubs owned by the party or the gov har really shade financials . 
  to give an example : ferencv\u00e1ros ( the biggest club and owned by the fidesz ) bought david mateos from real madrid for 1 million $ . 
  ferenv\u00e1ros has been is massive debt for years , the federation even relegated them to second division a couple of years back . 
  noone knows where the money comes from . 
  or actually everyone knows , it 's the tax payers money . 
  there has been attemps of privatisation , but clubs here ca n't survive by their fan base . 
  in serbia you can at least sell your talents and get money , i find it sad that noone knows where that money goes . 
  here there are no talents , either . 
  football here and in serbia seems to be some kind of legal corruption mechanism authorized by the governements . 
  well on paper they are , but the chairman is from the governement or party . 
  you basically ca n't make a club financially stable with an average of 2000 attendence/game . 
  exactly . 
  enough said . 
  fucking diving lundqvist . 
  coach of the so called `` magical hungarians '' . 
  he invented 4-2-4 , and deep lying forward . 
  the national team went 36 games unbeten with that formation . 
  guszt\u00e1v sebes was the name of the coach . 
  the unbeaten run from 1950-54 , still hold the record . 
  the run includes the `` match of the century '' which changed english football forever . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/england_v_hungary_ ( 1953 ), 
  well that was stupid . 
  spain with messi down left and ronaldo up right will be amazing . 
  hopefully ibra manages to score some goals too . 
  all though it is true that portugal is looking really good , this game really does not mean anything . 
  the irish players most be thinking about their summer vacation , they are playing this game because they have to . 
  the world cup will be totally different for portugal . 
  well then i give all my respect to the irish side , because our new national team coach in hungary gave the opportunity for 16 new players in the recent frendlies , and they did n't fucking run for shit . 
  he 's all right, 
  well only for hungarians . 
  if you 're going to watch the world cup , i would suggest to pay extra attention to muhamed besic in bosnia . 
  the guy plays in hungary but he 's simply amazing . 
  i think he 's still only 20 years old , and he 's going to start against argentina in defensive midfielder role . 
  many people are suggesting he 's going to shine , and will most definitely leave hungary to bigger teams . 
  he has been linked to bundesliga and premiership . 
  around year 1998 or 2002 . 
  there was this player i think in the portuguese team who had a crazy beard . 
  i named him santa . 
  start drinking , pregame on . 
  not that i 've got any problem with croatia ( been there , beautiful girls ) but just ca n't resist it : anyone rooting for serbia ? 
  croatian players and fans in complete trance . 
  love to see that in a team . 
  the last surviving member of our legendary team . 
  ohh thanks !, 
  is he the last one ? 
  i hope this fucking series end tonight and i wo n't see this fucking oxy clean fucking shit for the rest of my life . 
  or wait it 's yellow no . 
  i ca n't help it by i really do n't like dutch sport people ( dealt with them ) . 
  but i have to admit i like robben , for consoling casillas yesterday , and did the same thing half a year ago : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av6qt8nl27o i 'm pretty sure you wo n't start liking him tho haha , did n't try to convince you . 
  wooops did n't know this has been asked . 
  goddamit , i can be slow . 
  everyone here wrote that basically all the thoughts i have on this . 
  we in hungary have a pretty shocking experience about this , and there have been lots of anylisys . 
  in u19 , we won bronze about 5 years ago , with players which were considered then wonderkids : n\u00e9meth kriszti\u00e1n , vladimir koman . 
  they play now in roda ( relegated , and fc ural ) . 
  everyone wrote the facts down here really good , so i 'm not going to repeat it , i 've just learned , that u-tournaments do n't matter for shit , if you 're lucky you 'll see individual quality , but nothing long-term . 
  i have a question that has been bugging me since a couple of years ago . 
  you might not know the answer . 
  how come that most of the rebels in syria , and as far as i know in iraq now , they 're driving around in seemingly quite new ( white ) toyota trucks ? 
  i mean it 's overvelmingly that car . 
  for the neutreal fans : play attention to mohamed besic , he 's a 20 years old wonderkid . 
  if he continues his form he 'll be signing to top 4 league after this , there has been roumors . 
  he 's basically unknown , but has been absolutely fantastic during the friendlies . 
  20 years old dm , he 'll be charged guarding messi appereantly . 
  his contract was cancelled because he had a big argument with the coach , not because he was n't talented as far as i know !, 
  best player in hungary this season , and did n't have any problem . 
  fan favourite over here !, 
  who has been the best player in both teams you think ? 
  i 'd say pjanic and mascherano . 
  i 'm not bosnian , but this is fucking shit . 
  well this looks like over for bosnia ( hope i 'm wrong ) , but they have tons of chance against iran and nigeria . 
  by looking at this game , they have a chance against anyone this wc . 
  i do n't think argentina has been that bad , bosnia is just simply good , and really underrated . 
  yeah , but they still had decent scoring chances . 
  maybe as well , it 's not that they 're missing someone , but the formation is the cause . 
  there is a big gap between defense and offence . 
  every time argentina is attacking i see the back 4 and the two dm at back , and i ca n't even see anyone else in the screen , they seem to be way up . 
  bosnia just scored so i 'm pumped right now !, 
  yeah , but they still had decent scoring chances . 
  maybe as well , it 's not that they 're missing someone , but the formation is the cause . 
  there is a big gap between defense and offence . 
  every time argentina is attacking i see the back 4 and the two dm at back , and i ca n't even see anyone else in the screen , they seem to be way up . 
  bosnia just scored so i 'm pumped right now !,
