  playing like 1st line, 
  whatever happens , tokarski is the best player in this series . 
  what a joke , this is the most important period of montreal 's season and they have 3 shots on goal . 
  i do n't care if they ca n't handle the pressure , this is so dissappointing . 
  still 2 minutes left though . 
  yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuup !!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  i do n't want these series to end . 
  sweden has isaksson , he 's just as good !, 
  what a difference how this handshake is going , and the boston one . 
  hate bad loosers . 
  haha i went into this thread to see if he played any good . 
  he plays in hungary ( only player in our league who went to the world cup ) . 
  he has been amazing since he came . 
  he plays in the biggest club , and has coped with the pressure well . 
  he played only like 5 games in hsv , and they broke his contract , signed here at 20 . 
  he 's an amazing defensive midfielder , sometimes he plays as right or center back , but his positition is as a dm . 
  you 're national team coach said recently that besic is the only player who can stop messi . 
  has been linked with tottenham ( doubt he will go there though ) . 
  he will surely leave this summer , germany or england would suit him . 
  think he is only 21 . 
  absolutely crazy how martinez sticked with 3 at back , all tough we lost the first couple of games with it . 
  made him an amazing coach in my eyes right there . 
  edit : got to love this the last game of the season https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7tktx9guaa, 
  yeah , since he 's the only one from our league playing in the world cup , there has been a lot of talk about bosnia , so we know the problems at the defensive midfield position . 
  you will probably have a lot of fans cheering for you as well . 
  do you happen to know what happened exactly at hsv , and u21 ? 
  why they sent him away ? 
  here at ferencv\u00e1ros , he has become a fan favourite , really good lad on and off the pitch . 
  not the kind that you would expect to cause trouble . 
  he will become a big player , shows astonoshing talent !, 
  really good for you !, 
  can confirm besic has been amazing at ferencv\u00e1ros . 
  arguably the best player in the league , at least top 3 . 
  looks like he has really matured , not one problem with him on our off the pitch , he even has become the fan favourite of the biggest club where he plays at , that is a huge thing for a foreigner in our country !, 
  he has outgrown the league , it 's time for him to leave . 
  england or germany looks like the destination countries . 
  ahh , i wish hungary would have the same mentality as you do !, 
  i love teams that even when they have weaker talent on their side than the other , they try to play their style of football , rather than focusing on parking the bus . 
  i think iran is also reapying their debt they have towards syria , for hafez al-assad being their only ally in the 1980-1988 iran iraq war . 
  maybe some of you older fans remember him . 
  he played somewhere around 50 games in atl\u00e9tico . 
  he signed for my favourite team di\u00f3sgy\u0151r in hungary just when we got relegated to the second division . 
  he basically single handedly got us promoted . 
  he became an absolute legend , afterwards came two other spanish : francisco gallardo , and fernando fernandez . 
  here are some videos about him :, 
  his last game : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejzhs04-lpu, 
  talks about his experiences ( spanish ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3gdavapbgi, 
  and a real treat : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgzblmavuvo, 
  an amazing guy , and footballer . 
  lesser known man . 
  he is already a leading player in the epl in my optinion . 
  yeah , there will be rumours . 
  he would suit everton , that 's for sure , but the pricetag might be to big . 
  i can see up to 25-30 million $, 
  one of my favourite is when roberto martinez changed tactic at wigan to 3 at back , when there were around 10 games left of the season . 
  lost the first couple of games , but he sticked to it and eventually they beat chelsea , liverpool and some oher big team , and managed to stay up by a huge suprise . 
  haha , lupoli signed to hungary this winter . 
  he played like 8 games , i do n't think he scored . 
  kriszti\u00e1n n\u00e9meth 's team just got relegated from eredivise . 
  did n't have a great season , and got suspended for 5 games for pushing the refferee . 
  hopefully he manages to sign to some team in the first divsion in holland . 
  he 's still only 24 i think . 
  poor guy . 
  n\u00e9meth had injury problems as well , but two broken legs ? 
  such a shame . 
  you mean he was to self confident ? 
  hands down kim fucking kallstr\u00f6m . 
  here i 'm obviosly not talking about his time in arsenal . 
  such a consistent player , he must have won 3 leagues with lyon . 
  so many caps as well . 
  never enough recognition , he could have played in an even better team than what lyon was , but unfortunately never happened . 
  in my eyes he was one of the top 20 central midfileders in the world . 
  just to note : remember when sweden drew 4-4 against germany after being down 4-0 ? 
  much talk about ibrahimovic right ? 
  kallstr\u00f6m gave 3 assists , and started the attack which gave the equalizer . 
  he never got the recognition he deserved . 
  at least wenger realized lol . 
  yeah , i mean he came here with a loan from a serie b club ( played here at pusk\u00e1s ferenc 's old club , honv\u00e9d ) . 
  he really was just average , not good enough . 
  if you ca n't score goals in the hungarian league there is a real problem . 
  would be cool to have someone from the syrian governement !, 
  well both of the teams had problems with the federation this year . 
  this cup final was between \u00dajpest and di\u00f3sgy\u0151r , which are in the top 3 most supported clubs in hungary , and have quite bad reputation with each other . 
  \u00dajpest almost went bankrupt , and their old owner made huge off shore debt to the new one , and the federation almost relegated them to the second division . 
  \u00dajpest `` got away '' with being prohibited from playing european football for 3 years . 
  they won the cup , but it was di\u00f3sgy\u0151r who is going to because of this . 
  if we look at di\u00f3sgy\u0151r , the federation suspended the coach for 6 months 1 week prior of the game , for an incident which happened a month before . 
  the coach said in front of tv cameras that they lost some game because of the refferee , which happens all the time ( in every league ) but they decided to punish him . 
  worth to note that after the game the federation lifted this sanction . 
  it was pretty cool that two teams who hate each other agreed on something at least . 
  no probs , 
  di\u00f3sgy\u0151r : mlsz ; which is the abbreviation for the hungarian football federation, 
   \u00dajpest : shitface di\u00f3sgy\u0151r : mlsz ; which is the abbreviation for the hungarian football federation, 
  i was in the mood for some funny stuff , so i linked some quite hilarious incidents in our football league in the past years :, 
  my favourite https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmngitefryk, 
  cool that this is possible !, 
  here are my questions :, 
  1 : is the regime using barrel bombs/air raids in raqqa ? 
  there are no videos coming out from there . 
  2 : is isis collaborating with the regime in your opinion in that region ?
