  i think deep inside us we all know , that assad will win the war , and he 'll stay in power . 
  i do think that there was a small democratic element ( like in tunisia ) in the early days , and even though it was really small , there was a possibility . 
  there is none any more . 
  i think that by the august 21 chemical attack the majority of this revolt has already been radicalized . 
  i 'd say that by mid-end of 2012 we could see the radical elements taking over . 
  just asking , if you do n't want assad gone , why is your flair `` islamic state '' ? 
  that 's how the nsa tracks you down !, 
  i do n't know man , i did n't like the way we played at all . 
  apart from lichsteiner 's run , we did n't have one dangerous move during 90 minutes . 
  not one shot on goal if i 'm right . 
  this attacking play simply was n't enough , it was rather clueless from time to time . 
  pogba and vidal was n't top notch . 
  i blame allegri a bit for this , but in no way is this a bad result against atl\u00e9tico , but we could have been much better . 
  yes . 
  there is no movement , but in worse that there is no risk-taking either , not even t\u00e9vez tried the unexpected today . 
  i really like 3-5-2 , i love the way we play with it in the serie a , but the last couple of seasons has showed that it 's simply not working in europe . 
  sure our squad is n't really made to play with real wingers and full backs together , but we really should try it . 
  when we switched to something like a 4-3-3 ( when cac\u00e9res made way to giovinco ) it was the first time lichsteiner made an overlap , and got forward . 
  both asamoah ( still do n't understand why he 's not playing ) / evra and licthi is really good at that . 
  if i remember correctly some salafist groups are situated in northern homs . 
  to say one skill , i 'd say it 's his pace with the ball . 
  there is not one person who controls the ball so well when sprinting . 
  why not syria direct ? 
  sure it is n't the most up to date , and does n't provide much information , but i think it 's the most reliable out there . 
  my first gif , did n't know it 's maximum 15 sec . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wr7t063krsm the replays start from 0:35, 
  p\u00e9cs ( where zolt\u00e1n gera grew up ) against videoton ( richest team in hungary , our prime minister puts loads of the tax payers money into it ) . 
  he has just played two games , one coming in as a sub , and he started the other one . 
  he just joined ferencv\u00e1ros a couple of weeks ago , and he has n't played a game for something like 4 months according to him so he needs time . 
  he had a post the second game , but he was n't the best player on the pitch as you 'd expect from him on this level . 
  but it will come , he 's on paper the best player in hungary , and so far it looks like he takes the league seriously , so that 's really good for us . 
  yeah , that was sick !, 
  there is no comeback to that . 
  3 time acl sufferer over here , jealous as fuck . 
  a hungarian called bal\u00e1zs benjamin signed to you guys , what 's happening to him ? 
  he was quite a good player in our league with the champions wanting to sign him , but apparently he did n't even made the squad at vitoria . 
  i heard in our media that vitoria wanted to cancel his contract , but he refused , he said he wants to `` fight for his place '' which basically means to get payed in my opinion . 
  sorry for that . 
  still surprised he has n't even played a game , he 's not a terrible player after all . 
  ferencv\u00e1ros is n't such a bad team though . 
  their coach is thomas doll , he was the head coach of hamburg for a couple of years . 
  zolt\u00e1n gera plays there now , and there are many decent foreigners , and most hungarians are in the national team . 
  they also have a brand new stadium , and money as well , so it 's quite professional . 
  the level of the league is n't that good , and ferencv\u00e1ros is n't in any international competition so obviously that 's a big minus , but to play here in the starting 11 for 6 months or one season to get in shape and then leave is what to expect . 
  why do you say that ? 
  what kind of evidence do you want ? 
  finally wigan flair/fans show up !, 
  to be honest i 've started to doubt uwe this season , since i had such high hopes . 
  the season is long , but still this is really not an ideal start for a team who is looking for promotion . 
  heck even our squad is really good on championship level in my opinion . 
  u wot m8 , hungary is one of top 10 league in europe ^ right ? 
  that 's right it 's always about the refs ... focus on your game instead . 
  after wathing the replays in slow-motion , you can see how keita intentionally lifts his leg to trip pogba , it was n't a dive . 
  it 's probably outside the box nevertheless . 
  it was the refs who gave juve 3 straight scudettos , right ? 
  i wish gervinho would have gone down . 
  where are the roma fans bitching about the referees now ? 
  as is roma , except the invincible in seria a part ... 
  this is quite old , syriadirect will give a news update later today . 
  somehow ... juve always cheats `` somehow '' . 
  you roma fans and your conspiracy theories ... 
  i think it 's fair to say that dani alves plays waaaay up higher than a normal right back . 
  well to be honest i disagree a bit . 
  i wo n't call out on anyone , but this sub has been immensely pro regime the last couple of weeks . 
  i have barely seen any thread pointing at pro rebel successes . 
  just above , someone said the rebels retook handarat : there was a thread when regime took it , but no thread when rebels took it back . 
  in my opinion this sub was more civilized and there was more arguing between neutrals rather than between pro regime and pro rebels/neutrals . 
  you 're correct when you say that the regime has had the vast majority of victories the last 1,5 years . 
  but if we compare the attention regime victories got 6 months ago to that of recent weeks , its far from equal ( in my opinion ) . 
  i might be alone on this one as well , but i think the quality of the discussions were higher 2-3 months ago . 
  it 's really hard for me to have a civilized discussion with someone who refer to the rebels as a whole as terrorists . 
  it goes without saying that it is everyone 's right to say so , and i understand it completeley ... 
  i really do like many changes that has happened in the recent weeks , especially the quality of the threads . 
  helped me get promoted to pl with both aldershot and accrington . 
  in real life he 's about 15 in the liverpool academy . 
  wonder how he 'll turn out !, 
  take off seb larsson ... 
  this ai n't his day . 
  i 'm mostly satisfied with the ones by kallstr\u00f6m . 
  how is he doing in spartak this season ? 
  tonight is not going to be that easy for romania . 
  guzmics , the guy who basically gave you a goal in the first couple of minutes the last game is not in the squad thanks god . 
  fuck , centimeters . 
  the only thing we hungarians can really count on are dzsudzs\u00e1k set pieces . 
  ca n't really complain about this half , obviously the goal avoidable , but we can say deserved . 
  we still have a small chance of getting a point from this after 45 minutes , which is immensely positive . 
  i just ca n't fucking believe that for about 5 years we have n't been able to find 2 solid wing backs . 
  today k\u00e1d\u00e1r our left back is playing as cb in his club team , varga on the right side is a dm . 
  even our first choice rb is playing as cb in sion . 
  we 've lost so many games because of that ... 
  fuuuuuuuck yeeeeeeeeeeeeeees, 
  saying that because of a disgusting move by chipciu ... 
  nice one mr intelligent . 
  we are small , and shit in football , all we gave this game was heart . 
  you guys should have attacked and kept the ball the second half in my opinion . 
  yeah i overreacted , you should n't touch the goalkeeper , wasting time is pretty normal . 
  good game nevertheless . 
  yes , he 's really good with both feet as well . 
  wow there is a match thread for this !, 
  lovely surprise !,
