  no i did n't make it , so ca n't really comment on the details of the map unfortunately . 
  just hope that neither the rebels , nor the regime will concentrate to much on fighting each other , and stretch their capabilities , because that will play onto the hands of the isis . 
  to be honest it looks a bit like that right now . 
  could be a really good move if it goes through , as both sides could focus on defending a possible is attack . 
  but i 'd say it 's a long shot , it 's simply more likely that the rebels would work together with is against the government , just as it is happening right now in iraq . 
  will be a good move for him . 
  he was amazing at wigan , so it 's understandable . 
  if you have enough money . 
  my time to shine . 
  hungarian [ puli ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puli ) is what you see there !, 
  anyone have any more information on this one ?? 
  ** if ** this is true , i 'm 100 % sure that the real target here is n't is ( turkey even facilitates is operations do n't forget that ) , but this whole operation is about ousting assad . 
  that 's the only think which makes sense . 
  super long time ... poor victims . 
  i 've never been to syria , but i 'm pretty sure he meant that syria is a safe country in terms of crime . 
  i 've lived in western europe and poor countries as well , and criminality can be very high in `` rich '' countries , and surprisingly low in the poor ones . 
  belgium rich , hungary poor . 
  sweden rich greece poor . 
  i 'm pretty sure pyongyang city at midnight is safer for it 's citizens than london ... 
  believe it or not dictatorial rule can make a country very safe for people who do nothing wrong ( in the governments view ) . 
  pre war syria was one of the safest countries in the world in terms of criminality , according to rankings . 
  hungarian first league my friend . 
  the sad thing is that there were a bunch of 18 year olds on the field as well . 
  this is their time to shine , in a normal world the coach would say , dribble , try the unexpected , show me why you could make the team in the championship !, 
  it is exactly the opposite what 's happening here . 
  bag\u00f3  probably his first senior game , so he does n't want to fuck up = scared shit-less . 
  doubt it as the white team is ferencv\u00e1ros probably one of the richest team in the league . 
  i watched the whole game and saw no hint of betting unfortunately . 
  `` the keeper passes it to bag\u00f3 ( the right back ) . 
  bag\u00f3 passes it back to the keeper '' . 
  `` the coach just shouted in ; keep it calm !, 
  i do n't know how you can play more calmly than this '', 
  `` is the other team going to to the same thing ? 
  i hope not '', 
  things like that . 
  yeah , you guys say `` lopta '' then ? 
  could be the other way around as well . 
  yeah well it might be gorgeous , but football here is terribly politicized . 
  5 minutes away by car you find one of eastern europe 's worst hospitals . 
  i second this . 
  she was really good in `` match point '' in my opinion . 
  what 's the application ? 
  this . 
  there was always 1 stand out player who basically made us stay up more or less single-handidly . 
  the year before the relegation it was moses , the year before that n'zogbia ... when we finally went down we did n't have that player , kon\u00e9 was supposedly that guy . 
  cool username + flair !, 
  yeah and i think he had some injuries as well . 
  if you 're not sunni ... you 're as good as dead . 
  5 minutes away from there you find on of eastern europe 's most disgusting hospital . 
  here is an opinion about if from a poor tourist who had to go there : https://plus.google.com/107773337232779603535/about?hl=hu&amp;gl=hu, 
  i do n't think he meant : `` a well deserved loss '' on this game , more on the whole football project we are having in this country , which i agree . 
  i love football , i watch most games in our league , but i 'd rather have an even shitter football with no spectators so that the government realizes that you do n't fucking build 5 * stadiums but you invest in youth if you want results . 
  this is just fucking complete waste of money . 
  i 'd just like to ask how come that in serbia , slovenia , montenegro there is better football when there is obviosly one tenth of the money there compared to here ? 
  there are no fucking stadiums there ... 
  we deserved to loose because there is no other democratic country where the football is as politicized as here , where 80 % of the teams are owned by either the ruling party or the oligarchs . 
  fuck our football seriously , but i still love it . 
  4 years exactly , our commentator said so at least . 
  yeah , then it would be the worst hospital . 
  to all my foreign friends i insist that our country is central european , but from the last decade or so we look more like a corrupt failed eastern european state , no matter how we try to lie to ourselves . 
  almost definitely ... that 's why i do n't take one side or another . 
  why did n't the us make public it 's evidence like they did with the russian artillery just recently ? 
  this is what a person i know said about the chemical attack ( he was a hostage with al-farouq brigade at the time ) : http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/syria-chemical-attack-assad-rebels-blame-hostage-504735, 
  yes definitely that can not help . 
  but i think the players are responsible just as the coaches for the terrible results we have suffered the last 10 years . 
  right now we have 2 players in the top 4 leagues in the world : szalai and steiber play in bundesliga , and neither of them are invited . 
  last year when we lost 8-1 away against holland szalai did a press conference where he said that the pressure on the national team is to big , we need foreign coaches , since for the last 20 years there has n't been hungarian player respected around the world , and absolutely no coaches who went to foreign countries . 
  the response to this by pint\u00e9r ( our current coach ) was not to invite him . 
  the only player in the last 10 years who could have become a star european player was dzsudzs\u00e1k who went from psv to anji mahackala , and then dinamo moscow where he sat on the bench the last game . 
  he t\u0151zs\u00e9r ( watford ) gul\u00e1csi ( red bull salzburg ) were the only players who play in foreign countries in yesterdays starting line-up . 
  to make our football better state builds a stadium of 4500 in a village of 2500 , where our prime minister lives . 
  the state by our money builds stadiums around the country where no spectator will fill them . 
  our average was 2500/game last year . 
  politicians close to the ruling party are in control of most clubs , the rest oligarchs . 
  in the u19 european championship which was held in hungary we lost 1-3 against austria and 1-6 against portugal before winning 2-1 against israel . 
  everything is just so fucking wrong , there has never been so many people in hungary living in extreme poverty as last year . 
  you ca n't go to hospitals because they will fucking kill you there . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of people who left the country the last decade because they ca n't stand living here . 
  and we fucking build stadiums because the current ruling class said so . 
  that 's what the boing was for , and for the players who have care more about their hair and tatoos than die on the pitch like literally every neighboring country 's players . 
  great to hear that !, 
  i love hungary too . 
  in my opinion if you have money and you 're young budapest is arguably the best place to live at . 
  if you want to start working and establishing a family get out of here . 
  but i 'm really happy you 're enjoying it here !, 
  it 's probably good that you do n't follow our politics and economics closely as well , as it causes a lot of anxiety . 
  i have many friends who vote for jobbik ( the extreme right party ) and i tend to avoid politics as much as possible . 
  i just have occasional outburst here on reddit instead . 
  not one person metioned fabio grosso and luca toni . 
  they were third division players in their early 20s . 
  why not ? 
  or maybe ... just maybe this info is n't legit . 
  yes , no issues !, 
  i just think no one should get carried away , as there is n't any real logic in this . 
  makhlouf is not only head if internal security , but also the riches man in syria , he has tremendous power . 
  you ca n't just `` sack '' someone like that in my opinion . 
  `` isis controls about 2/3 of syria '' you got that very wrong i 'm afraid . 
  this [ map ] ( http://umap.openstreetmap.fr/fr/map/desyracuse-syria-civil-war-8-september-2014_16140#7/35.070/40.419 ) as of september 8th shows the territory the different groups control , with is being in grey/black . 
  note that much grey area is almost exclusively desert . 
  for example [ here ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/monkey-cage/wp/2014/07/07/the-logic-of-violence-in-islamic-states-war/ ) .
