  the ruler miklos horthy protected the jews to the final moment , until 1944 . 
  that is a big thing . 
  there were no jews deported from hungary until that point . 
  in 1944 the germans abducted horty 's son , to blackmail him to give up his power and after that they started deporting , and killing . 
  there are documents that the rulers even made jews come back to hungary , before that . 
  nevertheless they were second hand citizens , and lived in the ghettos . 
  recent documents show that horthy knew about the concentration camps . 
  for the last question , hungary enterred the war on germany 's side because hitler promised the old territories back . 
  that was the biggest reasons . 
  to the end i 'd like to add that hitler did infact give territories to hungary , he fulfilled his promise . 
  for that we gave the lives of soldiers but no jews . 
  south ( now ) slovakia 's territory was at least as big part as transylvania . 
  agree with everything else . 
  is he going to transfer anytime soon ? 
  you signed gera the second time when he was 30 + , who was good though !, 
  yes , they played against honv\u00e9d . 
  this was the away game 9-0 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chywfee8unk, 
  the hungarian champions lost to a team in the same league in qualifications , so there is n't that big difference ... 
  well they basically signed him , except they did n't have to pay a transfer fee i guess . 
  he 's 29 so there is n't really a market value neither . 
  it 's good for watford in my opinion . 
  wanted to ask how he will fit in !, 
  is swansea playing with a defensive midfielder then ? 
  two words : italian transfers . 
  i watched basically all of the games the games he had in hungary . 
  he 's a bit one sided , and not particularly good with the distribution and i think his level is low-mid pl . 
  swansea might could be to much for him , but it looks like they need him in that position . 
  on hungary he played cb and rb as well sometimes . 
  best player in the league . 
  he is verstile , he can play cb as well . 
  i heard he played cb at hamburg ( 5 games in the senior team ) before coming to hungary 2 years ago . 
  he played rb a couple of games , but it was out of necessity . 
  a little bit about him then . 
  he got kicked out by hamburg because he had an argument with the coach . 
  and he did n't play for the u21 national team for the same reason . 
  here in hungary none of these happened , he had two different coaches and both like him . 
  i doubt he has any of those issues any more he matured a lot here . 
  he plays for ferencv\u00e1ros , which is the biggest , most supported clubs , and it 's really hard for their supporters to accept and like any player , but he succeeded . 
  i have to say here a little bit about the level of hungarian league : we have n't sold any hungarian player to the top 5 leagues in 5 years ( maybe foregners neither ) . 
  so far in europa league qualifying 2 teams played against to teams in malta with the score of 1-1 and 2-1 . 
  the 1-1 game was away and played by ferencv\u00e1ros . 
  of course the league is better than the maltese league , but the teams are of the level of low championship and league 1 . 
  ferencv\u00e1ros now has thomas doll as a coach , who maneged in bundesliga , and before that ricardo moniz , now at 1860 m\u00fcnich . 
  besic :, 
  positives :, 
  was the best player of the league this year , and last year . 
  never stops running , if i remember correctly in 2 games this wc he ran the most . 
  very good technique , he 'll only give the ball away in the very last resort , he 'll do anything to pass/dribble the ball even in tight situations , with very good success rate . 
  amazing tackling , and likes to hastle opponents very much . 
  he plays a bit like sissoko + the technique . 
  he 's fast , his acceleration is above average . 
  shows leadership as well . 
  negatives : bad shots , not very good with long balls , and his heading is n't outstadning ( not really bad though ) . 
  i predicted that he would sign for a low , maximum middle level pl club , so if he really goes to swansea it 's a big step for him . 
  his work rate and and always wanting to get better help him to succeed nevertheless . 
  i would n't be suprised if he had a couple of bad games , but with playing time and confidence of the coach he can do what swansea fans would excpect in a few weeks , months in the pl . 
  in my opinion it 's more likely that he succeeds than does n't , about 80 % -20 % . 
  if you have any questions just throw them on me , do n't really know what to say . 
  ps : several lists about players with the biggest potential had him in it when he was 18-19 . 
  to be honest he did n't do really bad at rb , but his crossing is n't that great . 
  he played like a modern rb does , runned up and down though . 
  i feel he can get the best out of himself as cdm . 
  my mom called me after not spoken with her for a long time . 
  first goal happened then , now after the 4th goal we hung up . 
  netherlands - hungary 8-1 this years qualifications . 
  average age : 21 . 
  won the pl for the first time last year . 
  i 've been in cl for around 5 years straight now , but the max i reached was quater finals , so age matters more there though !, 
  hard as fuck man . 
  sign players for free from finland ( youth ) , loan players from hungary and tru to sign an affiliatr with the biggrst english club possible ( i had liverpool ) . 
  there is this young kid named `` ojo '' at liverpool who was with me on loan from l1 until pl . 
  he might come to l2, 
  thanks for that response , thats what i 'm going to do . 
  i learnt that not everyone is the same . 
  i played ice hockey and had to travel to almost all negbouring countries for games and tournaments . 
  some places the racism was absolutely ridiculous , others a bit better . 
  i 've since lived in many places around europe and got to know many people around the world . 
  nationality when you meet someone does n't matter for shit . 
  it 's a nametag they put on you for where you were born , by a governement who you did n't choose . 
  and people hate someone for that . 
  amazing and ridiculous . 
  romanians or hungarians ? 
  i 'm hungarian and proud of it . 
  i think any hungarian who think of theirselfs as `` pour old victims '' will eventually put the blame on other countries . 
  but in case someone did n't fucking know , it 's our leaders who had made where we are at today , ever since the astro-hungarian empires until orb\u00e1n . 
  not fucking slovakia , romania , france usa nor the jews . 
  it we are to blame . 
  we are to blame that the same corrupt politicans have been in power for 16 years now . 
  sure romania treat and treated hungarian minorities badly , but i 'm pretty sure hungarians started the attrocities centuries ago . 
  of course you do n't learn that in school here . 
  and the eu does n't help us with the minority issues ? 
  they are against us as well right ? 
  in reality or diplomatic staff ( have a family current and past history in it ) is useless , and it 's our fault that noone gives a shit about us . 
  not fucking obama . 
  if you are going partying ( which your post suggest ) i 'd go for si\u00f3fok . 
  there are several clubs there , and night life is great . 
  could be tricky to find a good appartment . 
  i 've only been to the other places maximum 1-2 times , and years ago do n't want to say anything not 100 % . 
  the problem with this subject is that neither of us can really relate to it . 
  i 'd have to be a romanian living here to give an accurate answer .
