  i would appreciate a source on that . 
  i thought the regime was able to recapture this after the us air attack that hit their troops . 
  was it lost now , or before ? 
  what kind of a car is that ? 
  the guy , the second from the right , does n't look syrian at all . 
  great sources , thank you !, 
  they have really been stepping it up the past month or so . 
  must be retaliations for the mass arrests and disappearances . 
  what are those flags hanging from the wall ? 
  anyone knows how many people live under isis in syria and iraq ? 
  could you tell me how roland sallai and norbert balogh are doing in your save ? 
  if i 'd have to choose the winner of this conflict as it stands now , i 'd choose the government , but i would call myself short of supporting them . 
  the problem with the regime is that it 's torture program is inherent in its identity . 
  the difference now is that it 's doing this on a much larger scale . 
  i 'm sorry to tell you , but that 's not accurate . 
  from personal experience , generators substitute the lack of electricity pretty good . 
  the power cut would only last for 1-3 seconds with modern one . 
  i 'm sure that the syrian government would have something which would be able to make it continues somehow . 
  what i 'm saying is that there are other reasons to get solar power . 
  maybe to better their image ? 
  it 's a longs shot . 
  the presidential palace have no lack of fuel . 
  apart from bashar al-assad and his entourage . 
  if push come to shove helicopters would land . 
  what i 'm more curious about is who they bought the solar panels from . 
  it 's good guess , do you have a source ? 
  yeah it 's an educated guess , and it 's most probable . 
  thanks a lot . 
  if you want to know more about syria you need to read about its history . 
  hanna batatu and patrick seale have written marvellous books . 
  for books about is , i have n't found any which have had a deep impact on me . 
  you can find many things just by searching online . 
  yes . 
  there are many christians in the ssnp . 
  it can be suspected that the average politically involved armenian supports the ssnp ( for the same reasons they could equally support the bath party ) . 
  yes well i have n't heard about dashnak before , i just checked them up . 
  i do n't see any difference why christian minorities in syria would support the ssnp over the bath party . 
  both were founded ( at least partly ) by christians . 
  i think you are correct . 
  when i look at ssnp pictures i see less veiled women than at bath party pictures . 
  i think there are at least a bit more christians in the ssnp because of that . 
  we 're only getting started . 
  that goes back and forth . 
  any other source on this ? 
  from our bingo game , i immediately read `` silos '' . 
  what is shaheen group ? 
  that 's a pretty cool ring the tiger has . 
  thank you . 
  do you have any more information/sources on them ? 
  what does workers mean in this sense ? 
  who stays and works then ? 
  what happens with the government employees ? 
  this seems very vague . 
  he 's got a hungarian name . 
  i bet he even speaks hungarian on the game . 
  i thought airplanes could n't land in der ez-zor . 
  who is abd habak ? 
  thank you for your translation . 
  every statememt here sounds like it was directed . 
  i hope it 's not true . 
  did n't know ruptly had this feture . 
  thanks anyways . 
  what do you think would happen if the rebels win ? 
  what do you think about the alavites livin in lattakia ? 
  where can i find the full interview ? 
  hoping for an english version . 
  the government 's youtube channel just uploded the first part . 
  it 's impressive how long they 've held the old city . 
  this is a good one . 
  of course . 
  especially considering that he wanted to team-up with the trump administration . 
  i 'm still skeptical . 
  he 's on the board of directors in some companies . 
  is sinai has released pictures showing them having checkpoint in al-arish . 
  they have mobile checkpoints they set up from time to time , no permanent ones . 
  yeah that 's the one in al-arish . 
  happened about a month ago . 
  is in sinai is expanding . 
  it 's suprising that the government ca n't deal with them . 
  it will be interesting to see what happens in the future because is started clashing against one of the most powerful sinai tribes ( which supports the regime ) . 
  leaders of the kdp are in exile in iraq and are prohibited from returning to syria . 
  whenever they try , they get arrested and sent back ( with threats ) . 
  their offices are routinely burned down in syria . 
  some of its members have been killed ( i think ) . 
  all in all the pyd really hates the kdp . 
  the kdp has said that if there would be free and fair elections in rojava they 'd win ( but that 's only rhetoric as far as i 'm concerned ) . 
  180 km south of cairo on the main cairo asyut highway . 
  was there any foreign support to jihadi groups during your time ? 
  if so , which countries gave support and how ? 
  thanks . 
  i thought all the pilots were alawites . 
  obvously he could be , but the region he 's born in does n't have a lot of them living there . 
  does his name sound druze or alawite ? 
  not the country , but our football and politics . 
  and so the player did . 
  that , and it should be relative to the population . 
  i think it was 2013 , they took it from the fsa but al-nusra had a presence there . 
  isis let two regime bases continue to operate near the city , and assad did n't bomb raqqa when isis took over . 
  you can make the cl by finishing fifth . 
  had i think arsenal excluded from it because of financial fair play .
