  we 'll get promoted next year . 
  we wont have 62 games , no europa league , and r\u00f6sler will have a full year . 
  good luck to qpr against derby , hope they 'll get promoted . 
  so far so good for you , though . 
  no offense , but considering how many posts the bruins have had this series , the hockey gods have definitely been with montr\u00e9al . 
  hahaha `` i sure like his passion '' - cherry, 
  hungary, 
  unfortunately knowing hungarian mentality , they 'll be lucky to play in a minor russian team ( hope i 'm wrong ! ) . 
  they are the best of that generation though . 
  come on fucking tokarski !!!, 
  you can do it , this is your moment to shine !!!!, 
  i would love a goalie battle between lundqvist and tokarski , with both of them playing extremly well !, 
  smart play by gionta . 
  would montreal fans put budaj in for the 2nd period ? 
  sorry to say it but i fucking hate player interveiws . 
  saying the same shit 90 % of the time : `` get the puck in deep '' , `` find a way to create chances '' , `` put pressure on them '' . 
  `` how do you planning on doing that ? '', 
  `` oh , well you know we just got to be more physical '' . 
  zucarello hitting prust . 
  that 's just funny :p, 
  what the fuck are you doing vanek , jesus christ ... 
  he is by far the most unuseful player in this montreal team, 
  hahaha thanks , it 's 3:26 in the morning where i am , so a bit slow . 
  i do n't even want to know the shot count . 
  poor montreal . 
  fuck , lundqvist is amazing !, 
  hahahhaha i would fuckng love that !!!, 
  just like what pk did a couple of nights ago !, 
  and getting some traffic in front of their goalie , at the same time taking away the shooting lanes in front of our net . 
  long live capitalism ... 
  jesus mitchell , that cross-check could have killed someone . 
  that 's absolutely crazy . 
  what . 
  the . 
  no , i mean what the fucking fuck ? 
  for those watching cbc , new york is just a `` little '' different than a suburban town in hungary where i 'm at at the moment , 
  come on tokarski . 
  to all montr\u00e9al fans , looks like this is how you 're gon na score tonight : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfqnifn1pyo swedish style, 
  no matter how this will end , montr\u00e9al can be proud of tokarski , and the sacrifices by all of their players !, 
  huge !, 
  fuck yes . 
  i 'm hungarian , i 've been following our football for a long time . 
  the biggest problem is the players mentality , when any young player gets one match in the first division , he thinks he is a star , and basically , stops working hard enough . 
  there are countless of examples . 
  that basically brings us to our coaches : there have n't been one hungarian coach at any more or less respectable foreign club for i do n't know how many years , lets say 10-15 . 
  of course here i 'm not counting l\u00e1szl\u00f3 b\u00f6l\u00f6ni , since he played , and educated himself in roumania ) . 
  unfortunately these coaches think of themself really highly , every year there are coaches saying : i could train barcelona , or any other team . 
  it 's fucking crazy , they actually mean what they say . 
  now i 'm going to write a really clear example : \u00c1d\u00e1m szalai is our highest rated player , he signed for schalke last summer for 8 million $ . 
  after our quite good qualifying campaign last year ( won against turkey , played really good overall ) , he goes out saying that nobody can expect this national team to have a real shot on qualifying , when our average player is on the championship level , where as turkey , roumania , holland players are we know where . 
  there are not one single qualified hungarian coach , we need a foreigner . 
  he goes on saying that his advice to every young hungarian player is to go and develop at a foreign club . 
  it 's worth noting that szalai played abroad since he was 16 . 
  the response to this , is that he does n't get invited to the national team with the new hungarian coach any more . 
  our football ca n't take any critisism , when a coach in our league looses a game , 9 times out of 10 these are the reasons : it was to hot , the pitch was bad , the referee made mistakes against us , we were tired , we have to many matches this month . 
  this summer , our riches team videoton got beaten by a side from montenegro in the cl qualifying . 
  lets take the case of dzsudzs\u00e1k , when he was 21 he transferred to psv , did really well . 
  lille agrees on a transfer fee with psv , but he rejects the contract , saying he does n't want to play in the french league ( i think lille were champions that year , not sure ) . 
  he transfers to anji mahackala , and half a year later to dynamo moscow , where he is now as well . 
  that 's the player our young people have to look at . 
  international football , does n't want to sign a hungarian player , even if equally good , they rather sign slovakian , roumanian , serbian ect , becase of the mental issues . 
  a player agent said this . 
  from the countries around us the players , fight until they die , unfortunately we do n't have that mentality . 
  i lived a lot in sweden , the technical capabilities of the players are equal , but the difference between a game there and a game here is astonoshing . 
  here in hungary , every team play for the result , which means a lot of defense , and lots of goals from free kicks , corners . 
  in sweden every player is encouriged to dribble , to do those one on ones . 
  my favourite team here ( di\u00f3sgy\u0151r ) had a coach who forbid his players to dribble . 
  i mean he said it live , it was `` official '' . 
  you ca n't develop . 
  last point : in the youth until 15-16 hungarian players are at the top . 
  why ? 
  because they have extraordinary hard physical training , running , lifting weights , ect . 
  real madrid youth team was here a month ago , and they beat the best hungarian team by 1-0 . 
  the difference is , that foreign players are trained with technical stuff as well , we hungarians can make up for that with good physic , but they will have the advantage when they grow up , and are 20 . 
  this is the biggest problem . 
  we only care about results , even when the kid is 12 years old . 
  so yeah these are the issues , does n't look like there will be any change anytime soon . 
  ps : i was out in budapest yesterday , saw dzsudzs\u00e1k at 2 in the morning . 
  i know the season is over , but fuck that shit . 
  serbia is poor and small , so is croatia , montenegro ect . 
  they still can qualify while hungary ca n't . 
  yeah , they still have . 
  there are around 3-4 hungarian players in reserve league and youth every year . 
  poor n\u00e9meth is really injury prone unfortunately , he just got relegated with roda . 
  gul\u00e1csi the goalkeeper is pretty good , first choice at red bull salzburg , got his first cap on thursday against denmark . 
  got to the bench at liverpool . 
  yes , nowdays he sits on the bench in a tenish placed hungarian club . 
  that was selfish from pk . 
  was at a much worse position ... 
  montreal 's powerplay has finally improved . 
  what a laser of a shot !!, 
  fuck it 's hard to stay up for every playoff game in europe . 
  still worth it though !, 
  know how you feel . 
  i studied all day until a game started , and usually just watched the game until i could n't concentrate any more . 
  luckily did really well this exam period . 
  tomorrow as in tuesday ? 
  man just study fucking hard , drink coffee and eat chocolate . 
  when you 're done , it will feel fucking amazing !, 
  when i wrote that , i meant at a broader sense as well .
