  i have a black friend in a small town in france which is called grenoble . 
  i lived there and never experienced racism . 
  he told me that most of the days there is someone looking at him , or pulling his or her bag closer to themself . 
  as a white caucasian you ca n't see that . 
  nevertheless i think it 's fair to say that neghbouring contries with hungarian minorities have an `` advantage '' . 
  if there would be for example a slovakian beaten up her for racist reasons , the minorities in slovakia would suffer gravely , and have the repricutions . 
  look at this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0w3js9fmuw, 
  i ca n't say where there is more racism , the situation is really bad here and there as well , plus-minus 1 . 
  on a very important note the vary racist party jobbik here got almost 20 % of the votes , that shows a lot . 
  i can say that here it wo n't end . 
  it 's pumped into us every day . 
  for example in the national television this evening ( at top hour ) there is a trianon documentary . 
  in my town near budapest the local governament just built several seats with the `` big hungary '' picture in it . 
  they want us to remember , and the uneducated people are drawn to this . 
  german friend :, 
  - my great grandfather died in dachau during the second world war, 
  - i 'm so so sorry mate ... 
  - he fell off a tower . 
  edit : format, 
  his prononciation is better than 60 % of hungarians . 
  i teach swedish online on skype , maybe i could help him , but it would be much better if the teacher was vietnamese speaking . 
  mostly people who want to move there . 
  hungarians , but i had some international students as well . 
  some are n't doing that badly , they are not as good as they were maybe . 
  teams in ukraine , romania , serbia are quite regular in the cl and produce great talents . 
  what happened though is that during communism the state sponsored the teams , and every team was in a stable financial situation . 
  when the countries went into capitalism the state sponsred system dissappeared and in came shady investors and a lot of teams had big troubles just surviving . 
  the teams takem over by oligarchs were the only ones which continued to perform . 
  hungary is central europe , not eastern . 
  people say it 's eastern because of communism . 
  just saying because hungarians get offended by it . 
  i watch hungarian league every week and saw a lot of him , i can give you some information about him :, 
  he is verstile , he can play cb as well . 
  i heard he played cb at hamburg ( 5 games in the senior team ) before coming to hungary 2 years ago . 
  he played rb a couple of games , but it was out of necessity . 
  a little bit about him then . 
  he got kicked out by hamburg because he had an argument with the coach . 
  and he did n't play for the u21 national team for the same reason . 
  here in hungary none of these happened , he had two different coaches and both like him . 
  i doubt he has any of those issues any more he matured a lot here . 
  he plays for ferencv\u00e1ros , which is the biggest , most supported clubs , and it 's really hard for their supporters to accept and like any player , but he succeeded . 
  i have to say here a little bit about the level of hungarian league : we have n't sold any hungarian player to the top 5 leagues in 5 years ( maybe foregners neither ) . 
  so far in europa league qualifying 2 teams played against to teams in malta with the score of 1-1 and 2-1 . 
  the 1-1 game was away and played by ferencv\u00e1ros . 
  of course the league is better than the maltese league , but the teams are of the level of low championship and league 1 . 
  ferencv\u00e1ros now has thomas doll as a coach , who maneged in bundesliga , and before that ricardo moniz , now at 1860 m\u00fcnich . 
  besic : positives : was the best player of the league this year , and last year . 
  never stops running , if i remember correctly in 2 games this wc he ran the most . 
  very good technique , he 'll only give the ball away in the very last resort , he 'll do anything to pass/dribble the ball even in tight situations , with very good success rate . 
  amazing tackling , and likes to hastle opponents very much . 
  he plays a bit like sissoko + the technique . 
  he 's fast , his acceleration is above average . 
  shows leadership as well . 
  negatives : bad shots , not very good with long balls , and his heading is n't outstadning ( not really bad though ) . 
  i predicted that he would sign for a low , maximum middle level pl club , so if he really goes to swansea it 's a big step for him . 
  his work rate and and always wanting to get better help him to succeed nevertheless . 
  i would n't be suprised if he had a couple of bad games , but with playing time and confidence of the coach he can do what swansea fans would excpect in a few weeks , months in the pl . 
  in my opinion it 's more likely that he succeeds than does n't , about 80 % -20 % . 
  if you have any questions just throw them on me , do n't really know what to say . 
  ps : several lists about players with the biggest potential had him in it when he was 18-19 . 
  ps2 : martinez really praised him during the world cup in the commentator box , so that means a lot . 
  ferencv\u00e1ros will only get 30 % of the transfer fee , because that 's how hamburg let him join them for free , so the transfer could be complicated . 
  after wigan , everton is my favourite team so i hope the same thing . 
  just not sure how much playing time he 'd get especially now that barry is permanent . 
  yep i just made him retire . 
  now this in my mind is totally unprofessional . 
  when i played hockey i youth , and we new were winning with more than 10 lets say . 
  the point was n't to score as much as we could ( with goals like we se here ) , but it was more of a training : do situations , pass it around , just fucking train on how to play against a better team . 
  it 's far more useful than scoring 82 goals ... 
  they were going to exterminate all the jews : there are some , and theee were even more jews living in many arab countries who did n't get exterminated . 
  the hatred against the jews is hecause of the creation of israel . 
  at the most the jews in other arab countries are treated as second level citizens , just like arabs in israel . 
  the most prosperous arabs are in israel . 
  complete bullshit , maybe you heard about some countries who have oil ? 
  just saying . 
  court ruling in favour for the arabs . 
  you 're saying here that arabs are treated better and with more respect than the jews in israel . 
  not going to waste my time to write an argument against that , just one : have you heard of the checkpoints for the arabs to pass from one territory to the other ? 
  these checkpoints get closed sometimes and prohibit arabs to get to school , and work , they make their lives so much harder . 
  obviosly you have never lived in arab territory . 
  arab nations lockin up or putting palestinians in refugee camp . 
  if arab countries were to give them citizenship it would be for sure that never in the future there would be palestine , and a fight for it . 
  that plus the political `` resistance '' cause . 
  israel of course want there population to get bigger because by that they become stronger and give `` legitimacy '' . 
  you obviously have no idea whats going on for the arabs . 
  you probably have never lived with them , seen what it 's like for them . 
  i 'm not antisemethic , but putting most of the faultbin arab hands is wrong . 
  even more is to look at this as like everything one side does is right and the other is wrong . 
  cheers , did n't know that !, 
  with the besic deal ferencv\u00e1ros will only get 30 % ( in real life ) . 
  that 's the only way hamburg let him join ferencv\u00e1ros for free . 
  even as 19 he was touted to be a potential superstar . 
  ryan fucking babel . 
  still remember a goal i scored with him from 40 meters . 
  i watch hungarian league every week and saw a lot of him , i can give you some information about him :, 
  he is verstile , he can play cb as well . 
  i heard he played cb at hamburg ( 5 games in the senior team ) before coming to hungary 2 years ago . 
  he played rb a couple of games , but it was out of necessity . 
  a little bit about him then . 
  he got kicked out by hamburg because he had an argument with the coach .
