  he played rb a couple of games , but it was out of necessity . 
  a little bit about him then . 
  he got kicked out by hamburg because he had an argument with the coach . 
  and he did n't play for the u21 national team for the same reason . 
  here in hungary none of these happened , he had two different coaches and both like him . 
  i doubt he has any of those issues any more he matured a lot here . 
  he plays for ferencv\u00e1ros , which is the biggest , most supported clubs , and it 's really hard for their supporters to accept and like any player , but he succeeded . 
  i have to say here a little bit about the level of hungarian league : we have n't sold any hungarian player to the top 5 leagues in 5 years ( maybe foregners neither ) . 
  so far in europa league qualifying ferencv\u00e1ros got knocked out by rejika easily ( croatian team ) , di\u00f3sgy\u0151r won against lovex litecs , debrecen against cliftonville . 
  the teams are of the level of low championship and league 1 . 
  ferencv\u00e1ros now has thomas doll as a coach , who maneged in bundesliga , and before that ricardo moniz , now at 1860 m\u00fcnich . 
  the training besic got is good , moniz was technical coach over in tottenham . 
  one of the best . 
  besic : positives : was the best player of the league this year , and last year . 
  never stops running , if i remember correctly in 2 games this wc he ran the most . 
  very good technique , he 'll only give the ball away in the very last resort , he 'll do anything to pass/dribble the ball even in tight situations , with very good success rate . 
  amazing tackling , and likes to hastle opponents very much . 
  he plays a bit like sissoko + the technique . 
  he 's fast , his acceleration is above average . 
  shows leadership as well . 
  negatives : bad shots , not very good with long balls , and his heading is n't outstadning ( not really bad though ) . 
  i predicted that he would sign for a low , maximum middle level pl club , so everton s a big step for him . 
  his work rate and and always wanting to get better help him to succeed nevertheless . 
  i would n't be suprised if he had a couple of bad games , but with playing time and confidence of the coach he can do what everton fans would excpect in a few weeks , months in the pl . 
  in my opinion it 's more likely that he succeeds than does n't , about 80 % -20 % . 
  any qestions just throw them at me . 
  f * ck me i 'm famous, 
  in ferencv\u00e1ros when there was a free kick about 30 meters away from goal he was the one who took it . 
  they were all fucking horrible , but the coach still choose him , so he must have potential or something . 
  maybe a bit like david luiz , and he 'll get into it as well . 
  kon\u00e9 was actually really good at wigan , our best striker in a long time . 
  i was suprised he has n't succeeded yet at everton , must be the injuries ( did n't really follow ) . 
  he 's quite old now , so it will be hard for him to come back , but he 's quality . 
  division 17 is encircled right ? 
  how many soldiers will assad loose when the base is completely fallen ? 
  szalai : stuggart at 16 . 
  who are the biggest contenders for promotion this year ? 
  major transfers , or u19 european final soon . 
  edit : spelling, 
  drogba just signed today , or pereyra . 
  m\u00fcller been out there very long in my opinion . 
  pusk\u00e1s goal in `` game of the century '' . 
  england - hungary 1953 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjx3yfrbgd8, 
  aldershot town = the shots !, 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  here i mean especially barrel bombs . 
  the regime drops more and more , not caring about the destruction it makes , because it wo n't make the headlines . 
  here is a video during geneva ii in daria https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fynxbjyxfty i tend to watch liveleak videos and they almost double during an international event . 
  last week there was the most death since the chemical attack , - during one day - in the gas field attack . 
  killing who ? 
  to keep it positive , the regime is killing rebel soldiers without caring about the civilian population . 
  i think the military events get influenced greatly . 
  when `` nothing is happening in the world '' and assad starts dropping barrel bombs in record fashion he would probably make front page . 
  if the are videos and images then that 's even better . 
  but think of this : if a malaysian airplane disappears , and assad drops those bombs in record fashion for a couple of days , who really cares ? 
  i meant doing those strikes after the ghouta attack , which was 3 months before the first protests in ukraine . 
  no one really cares about un we all know that , even libya was war crime , when we look into it . 
  i think the us/france could have done a bit of damage to russia with those strikes , and with a bit of luck only done minimal damage to syrian civilians , and not really change anything militarily . 
  and just maybe saved hundreds of ukrainians . 
  that seems reasonable , but that 's what israel did in lebanon , and that did n't really work out for them . 
  if they dig themselves in , they 'd be constantly harassed with sniper bullets , and suicide bombers , and probably eventually retreat . 
  that 's what they did in lebanon , pretty sure that tactic would work again . 
  would you say libya and syria is unrelated ? 
  in terms of intervention and russia 's role . 
  `` the baathist party were sunni moderates and isis are sunni extremists . '', 
  i have to disagree to that . 
  it 's true that in religious terms saddam was a moderate , but the baathist ideology is closer towards fascist italy than let 's say today 's jordan . 
  saddam was more `` radical '' than assad has been so far ( father included ) . 
  with saying all of this , people tend to say that assad is using also using the secterian element . 
  when people are dictatorial/radical in middle east , they 'll use the religious element , not matter how devoted they are themselves towards god . 
  eventually it 's pretty much the same thing , just instead of cutting peoples hands off ( isis ) , they 'll electrocute them on religious basis ( saa ) . 
  i know you post was n't about this , just wanted to point it out . 
  you 're right in comparison the ratio of civilian and military casualties could be the same as with civil wars before this one . 
  what i meant is assad doubling the barrel bombs , and airplane attacks ( especially the former ) and they always have massive civilian deaths . 
  i mean they are basically happy if they hit the neighborhood , there is no accuracy at all . 
  so maybe putin is looking more towards making himself as the protector of the orthodox believers , rather then the people who speak slavic languages ? 
  makes more sense actually . 
  ought to look more into that . 
  he did n't let the teams shake hands and get on with the pregame until the song was finished . 
  in assad 's and his entourage 's mind the civilian deaths are acceptable and justified but i think in the west counts it as a person who does n't care enough about the destruction he brings to his own people . 
  i understand your example with wwii , we could even bring up the iraq invasion , but here we 're talking about a civil war , when a military leader decides to go to war against a part of his own population . 
  i think that 's a big distinction . 
  assad was the one who gave the order to drop barrel bombs from hundreds of meters on towns and villages . 
  systematically . 
  i do n't think that the worst part of these bombs are the destruction it makes , but the manner it 's being deployed . 
  they ca n't hit the target , there probably are no targets in terms of checkpoints or specific houses . 
  i imagine the military `` plang '' goes this way ( with assad 's approval ) . 
  `` so there are terrorists in douma ? '', 
  `` yes sir '' `` okay , well we have about 50 spare barrel bombs lets drop them there this week '' . 
  the chances of hitting a rebel soldiers with those barrel bombs are about 20 % if we say that 1 out of 5 people in douma are rebels . 
  tthat 's not caring about the civilians enough . 
  nsa , cia , fbi go to keleti p\u00e1lyaudvar or de\u00e1k ferenc t\u00e9r in the evening to score . 
  really good quality as well ... 
  i might be able to set up one , i 've been in contact with him , and i messaged one of the mods already . 
  his name is pierre piccinin , he was in fallujah 2 weeks ago , and in syria as well . 
  he 's crazy , been caught by the regime and al-farouk brigade as well ... 
  he told me to get back in contact with him the beginning of august as he 's in the west bank at the moment , so fingers crossed . 
  historian/reporter . 
  he 's quite famous in the francophone world . 
  he 's belgian and writes for big french newspapers , but i have n't seen anyone as unbiased as him , he 's very critical of today 's media .
