  i do n't think `` pro west '' is a good notion here , but i think i know what you mean . 
  speaks well english , has a nice suite , is calm ... 
  he 's a bit like the king of jordan in these matters . 
  but king abdullah is `` pro west '' , assad is not . 
  i just look at comment history . 
  how has som\u00e1lia been for you guys ? 
  been playing almost every game i 've seen . 
  has he plaed at midfield at all ? 
  ferguson owns several malls , including on in budapest . 
  here is an article about it : http://www.theguardian.com/business/2003/jul/20/theobserver.observerbusiness15, 
  when i was looking for sources i saw that he sold the hungarian mall in 2009 . 
  what masters are you going to do ? 
  i 'm thinking about european studies . 
  around 1 $ in hungary . 
  in every stadium . 
  yeah . 
  i 've been a fan since wigan signed andreas johansson from djurg\u00e5rden who was one of my favourite players . 
  i used to live in sweden when i was a kid . 
  it was a great team . 
  i played hockey/football there as well . 
  no unfortunately . 
  the only time i was in england was just for one day in london . 
  if i 'll ever be close to wigan again i 'm sure i 'll go to a game , even of its league 1 . 
  i watched almost every game on stream when they were in the pl though ( i 'll never forget rodallega 's goal against stoke ) . 
  abdennour had been such a poor signing . 
  ca n't count in one hand how many mistake leading goals he has caused . 
  a liability all season long . 
  if the fee is true this is the most expensive transfer from the hungarian league . 
  i think dzsudzs\u00e1k was only $ 2.5 m. 
  he certanly has the technique , but ca n't finish , and is light-weight . 
  if he can work on these two things he can be something . 
  it 's wierd that he was n't included in the u20 squad though ... 
  edit : i mean u20 national team . 
  according to debrecen the transfer fee is $ 2.2 m. 
  when zamparini said that he payed $ 5m he included balogh 's wages for 4 years ... 
  1 : the first one should be the retreat from tabqa airbase in my opinion . 
  do n't have it though . 
  why is n't abdennour playing ? 
  yeah , i hope he 's on the way out . 
  been absolutely terrible . 
  i miss someone capable . 
  if we get a bit of money for aymen i 'd be happy . 
  unfortunately i really doubt that anyone of those names you wrote down would want to come here if we are n't in the champions league ( or at least have a chance to reach it ) . 
  what were the valencia fans chanting right after the half time whistle ? 
  atacking midfielder with good playmaking skills . 
  he 's short , but quick in the feet and good with the ball . 
  has really good technique . 
  hungarian here . 
  well he have `` sort of '' matured ... his idol is balotelli so that says a lot to him . 
  he loves being at the center on the media . 
  on the pitch is has been manly used as a target man . 
  very good attacking mouvement and good headers . 
  not the fastest player , but physically strong . 
  scored 11 goals in the first half of the season . 
  just so you know , his son , roderick duchatelet owns \u00dajpest in hungary . 
  i think they own some club in the spanish second division as well . 
  frustrating defines valencia 's play . 
  assad said in an interview that isis members do n't get captured by the syrian army . 
  i 'm pretty sure that meant that they get executed . 
  this means that the supply for the rebels in aleppo from turkey has been cut , right ? 
  right , i think i understand , thanks . 
  me too please !, 
  what is happening now ? 
  i know that during the night things were rather calm apart from a fiew clashe . 
  that should give us hope . 
  where is this exactly ? 
  i ca n't see more than 50 people in any of these videos . 
  the majority of the protestors are young male and male children . 
  all though there is [ one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9fpjy4izme&amp;index=15&amp;list=pltdp-hgxexwy1f5axwfzz-jl3qqs4wc5b ) video where old men are chanting . 
  by the look of it they are leaders of some tribe or clan . 
  there have been much talk about the renewed protests all across syria , but i do n't think 50 people coming togather and chanting is a manifestation that there is still peaceful protests just like in the beginning of the revolution . 
  in some videos they look like fighters as well . 
  participating in protests like these might just be for recieving foreign aid . 
  and most of the ndf are alawites , right ? 
  what skin do you use ? 
  thanks a lot . 
  syria has n't had a capable military able to attack any of its neighbours . 
  the syrian army 's own ( ! ), 
  capabilities vis \u00e0 vis isra\u00ebl has been negligible from the 1980s . 
  and the nature of the syrian state makes me believe that not many prisoners will be taken . 
  that is true but they killed jews in bulgaria not long ago and argentina as well in bombings . 
  he came to play at my favourite hungarian club diosgyor when he was about 30 with fellow spanish friend jose juan luque and fernando fern\u00e1ndez . 
  i can assure you he is an amazing and friendly person who always gave 100 % . 
  he is very liked in hungary . 
  do n't judge him from this video alone . 
  sounds quite about right , considering as most figures do n't count the disappeared and what not . 
  a bunch of these embassies do n't work any more . 
  there is not much oil left though . 
  the production was shrinking in the years before the uprising . 
  i did n't know that new fields were found . 
  do you have any sources ? 
  great , thanks for that article . 
  frontline did a good one about half a year ago . 
  it 's still relevant as it was after the russian invasion . 
  the hungarian commentator during the game said that the valencia trainings are longer and there is more tactical coaching now compared to neville ' tenure . 
  is there truth in that ? 
  keep up the good work , do n't care about them . 
  the answer to the second paragraph can be daniel amartey who you signed in january . 
  yeah , i think that was the plan from the start . 
  concerning the bassel rundabout ... is it named after bassel al-assad ?
