  reading this game thread some people must be drunk, 
  haha , you serious ? 
  big fucking respect !, 
  yep god had a hand in that . 
  was n't able to see the whole game unfortunaltey . 
  can anyone give an update how muhamed besic was ? 
  really like the guy , and he 's the only one in wc from my league ( hungary ) . 
  ahh i 'm really happy to hear that . 
  i wish he 'll sign for a top 4 league this summer and say that we made a contribution to develop a good player for you . 
  plus he 's captain of the swedish side , but does n't even know the anthem , which he admitted a couple of yers back . 
  enough said . 
  yeah , read that this must be the so called `` non-lethal aid '' which seems fair . 
  good for toyota , i guess they must have a hand in it as well , making enormous profit selling it to war zones . 
  i would n't think it 's impossible , that if not iraq cooparated with the syrian army on this , iraq let syrian warplanes strike isis inside their country delibirately . 
  he plays in hungary where i 'm from . 
  he plays in the biggest club ( ferencv\u00e1ros ) and he has become tha fan favourite . 
  he has been the best player this season , we can say he outgrew the league . 
  to be honest , i think united is a to big step for him , he has good technique , but he is not good with long balls , nor at long shots . 
  the level he 's at now , he would be a good signing at mid-low level premier league club , then move higher if he 's good enough . 
  he has been linked with k\u00f6ln and celta vigo the last couple of days , but there have been intrest from tottenham as well ( not sure how much of that is true though ) . 
  great player , i really hope he 'll become world class , he has the talent and motivation . 
  in that order . 
  yeah dude , hungarian here , it 's always fucked up between us . 
  we 'll be in the same qualifying group this year , so expecting the worst . 
  commentator : i wonder what kind of korea is going to come on for the second half, 
  - i 'd be fucking suprised if north !, 
  it was pretty unbiased as far as i know until th syrian revolution . 
  then this happened : http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2011/07/2011780473138345.html according to this ( which is still on the site ) there were half a million protestors in hama , syria in the beginning of the revoltion 2011 . 
  according to wikipedia : a 2005 estimate had hama 's population at around 325,000 inhabitants . 
  we have to remember as well that hama is the stronghold of the syrian muslim brotherhood , and bashar al-assad 's father killed around 15.000 people in 1980 . 
  al jazeera for political purpises falsified news ( there is no better way to describe it ) . 
  unfortunately that 's not the only problem , because bbc , cnn and other major or minor international news organisation , are taking the news from them because they do n't have reporters on the ground . 
  the competition is so big , that even if you 're one hour late on something , it 's pretty bad , so they publish news stories basically without even verifying it ( or delibirately ) . 
  this 500.000 people is what your and my kid is going to learn in the history book . 
  i 'm obviosly not saying that it 's right to jail those reporters , but you have to look at the other side . 
  if you were the president of a country and would see that , what would you do ? 
  here is a good article about the syrian `` media '' situation : http://pierre.piccinin-publications.english.over-blog.com/article-syria-lies-and-manipulation-80670254.html, 
  http://www.liveleak.com/c/syria or just go on youtube and search syria `` newest first '' . 
  iraq should be on liveleak as well . 
  i speak 4 , and absolutely not . 
  it would be really hard because for some words there is n't a perfect translation . 
  debrecen is around 200 km from budapest tho !, 
  the team just buit a new stadium , and will probably will packed with 20.000 people . 
  looking forward !, 
  even more astonoshing than that in my mind is what fuckin iceland pulled of in recent years . 
  i mean a country of 330.000 finished second in their group behind switzerland ... have players in tottenham , ajax , cardiff ... 
  yeah i fucking hate him and jordi alba ( whom i really liked when he was at valenci ) . 
  m\u00fcller is in my mind an asshole on the pitch , plays really dirty , always talks to the refs , and involved in every confrontation on the pitch . 
  perfect illustration of reddit 's demographic : 15 minutes to a deciding truly `` final '' game and 8 comments , menwhile 56 for the england one which really does n't matter . 
  a little bit out of context : first game since the start of the syrian revolution has been played in the city where it all started , homs : http://syriadirect.org/main/videos/1458-homs-hosts-first-soccer-match-in-3-years, 
  what a fucking joke, 
  there are no morals in politics ... 
  yep , there are !, 
  debrecen is the second biggest city , unfortunately not that beautiful apart from the city center . 
  if i were you , i 'd definitely try spend a couple of days in budapest !, 
  that really looked like a torned acl for matuidi !, 
  suprised he 's still on . 
  yeah , i really doubt it as well , unless he can specifically point out which groups in the rebel side are pro democracy , ect . 
  there have been reports that some rebel groups are being trained in quatar , so this could be a huge lift to them . 
  hopefully the fsa might get back a bit of it 's strenght . 
  russian/swedish fans !, 
  is kim kallstr\u00f6m staying at spartak moscow ? 
  played at wigan , i watched some games since it 's my favourite team in england . 
  i can say , that he was n't the worst player in a team which aimed to get promoted , but not the best either . 
  he basically was in and out of the starting line-up . 
  that said , it 's quite a criticism because we hade 2-3 major injuries in midfield , so he had the chance to prove a point . 
  all though he 's still young , it would take quite a miracle for him to break into chelsea , or the national team ( never say never though ) . 
  i think the best for him would be to get sold to a small premier league club , and eventually work him self up to be a regular starter . 
  from there he could work him self up to be a good player . 
  championship does n't really fit him in my opinion . 
  just try that . 
  naah man . 
  it 's not really possible to write it down with english letters . 
  in hungarian the `` zs '' and `` dzs '' is one letter , and has a unique sound which i have n't heard in any other language . 
  here is a video in hungarian , he 'll say his name at 0:18 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24apnzalcdc, 
  my excuse for highschol for a good 2.5 years was that i had to go to physiotheraphy . 
  i had a lot of knee surgeries , so basically i had to go to physio but it was 90 % after school . 
  had a doctor 's note that i could leave school whenever i wanted , so you can imagine what i did , 
  it is a `` special '' reason , because it 's the 4th operation , and i 'm only 21 years old . 
  if this wo n't succeed the next surgery would n't be for the ligament ... 
  in belgium they operated me in a uni hospital , which really did n't work out ( first op ) , so after that i 've always went to private . 
  it is just really hard to know what to do , where to go right now , but from what you both told me , it seems that even if you would have a hard surgery , you would go to a uni hospital . 
  thank you for that input . 
  i 'll look at my options , and make my decision . 
  unfortunately , i 'm from hungary , so the insurance will not cover it if i do it abroad . 
  but i 'm willing to pay a serious amount for the right doctor . 
  the one in frankfurt cost 15.000 euroes , that was simply to much though . 
  pavalec is a beast on his good days . 
  yes , and was absolutely horrible for the trashers ... 
  in my eyes he is a horrible coach and gm . 
  yeah well that 's the point i was making : he can be absolutely terrible one game , and amazing the next one . 
  hungarian media says the transfer will be for 6 million $ . 
  schalke signed him for 8m $ last year . 
  was he really that bad ? 
  not good enough to be the sub for huntelaar ? 
  yeah , that was a big sign . 
  i 'm hungarian so obviosly it 's frustrating to see our highest profiled player get basically thrown out from schalke after only 1 season . 
  he really wanted to succeed as well , in every interveiw he said his dream came true , and had to work really hard . 
  he said one time that when he was 16 and broke records in the hungarian youth leauge he was signed to stuttgart ( i think ) , where they told him after the first couple of trainings : `` that 's it ? '' . 
  he did n't play for half a year in the youth league even .
