  and he did n't play for the u21 national team for the same reason . 
  here in hungary none of these happened , he had two different coaches and both like him . 
  i doubt he has any of those issues any more he matured a lot here . 
  he plays for ferencv\u00e1ros , which is the biggest , most supported clubs , and it 's really hard for their supporters to accept and like any player , but he succeeded . 
  i have to say here a little bit about the level of hungarian league : we have n't sold any hungarian player to the top 5 leagues in 5 years ( maybe foregners neither ) . 
  so far in europa league qualifying 2 teams played against to teams in malta with the score of 1-1 and 2-1 . 
  the 1-1 game was away and played by ferencv\u00e1ros . 
  of course the league is better than the maltese league , but the teams are of the level of low championship and league 1 . 
  ferencv\u00e1ros now has thomas doll as a coach , who maneged in bundesliga , and before that ricardo moniz , now at 1860 m\u00fcnich . 
  besic : positives : was the best player of the league this year , and last year . 
  never stops running , if i remember correctly in 2 games this wc he ran the most . 
  very good technique , he 'll only give the ball away in the very last resort , he 'll do anything to pass/dribble the ball even in tight situations , with very good success rate . 
  amazing tackling , and likes to hastle opponents very much . 
  he plays a bit like sissoko + the technique . 
  he 's fast , his acceleration is above average . 
  shows leadership as well . 
  negatives : bad shots , not very good with long balls , and his heading is n't outstadning ( not really bad though ) . 
  i predicted that he would sign for a low , maximum middle level pl club , so if he really goes to everton it 's a big step for him . 
  his work rate and and always wanting to get better help him to succeed nevertheless . 
  i would n't be suprised if he had a couple of bad games , but with playing time and confidence of the coach he can do what everton fans would excpect in a few weeks , months in the pl . 
  in my opinion it 's more likely that he succeeds than does n't , about 80 % -20 % . 
  if you have any questions just throw them on me , do n't really know what to say . 
  ps : several lists about players with the biggest potential had him in it when he was 18-19 . 
  ps2 : martinez really praised him during the world cup in the commentator box , so that means a lot . 
  ferencv\u00e1ros will only get 30 % of the transfer fee , because that 's how hamburg let him join them for free , so the transfer could be complicated . 
  that the thrashers would be in nhl forever . 
  i had him in my team , we were solid 3-4th place in the epl . 
  in my opinion he gets very good 26 + , i rotated him rb , rm , and sometimes he could play cm when it was needed . 
  ca n't remember how many stars i had him on , but at least 3 + . 
  very reliable player , never the best but neither the worst . 
  i can just add then that they are worth $ 44m and $ 41m , but if i remember correctly at some point they were $ 50m + . 
  yeah , i 'm in like 2033 , kind of the same situation . 
  same with the hungarian game . 
  we 're luckier than you , because we got israel on our group , you have it tougher . 
  good luck nevertheless , maybe you can get a result against ukraine !, 
  so basically , you kind of need to go to the stadium preferably a couple of days before . 
  unfortunately since a year ago everyone who enters the stadium needs to get a `` fan card '' which is basically an ferencv\u00e1ros id . 
  it 's for security reasons . 
  i have n't even gone to one game because of it . 
  it 's impossible to get into the game without it , do n't know how it works if you buy a ticket through chelsea . 
  the shop is at \u00dcll\u0151i \u00fat as it states in the link you copied . 
  it 's highly unlikely that you can all get it done on match day ( i tried a year ago , but the line there was huge ) . 
  fm challange accepted . 
  i think 55 million pounds should be about 70 million $ , so that 's a lot of money !, 
  nemzeti sport basically translated the article in the bosnian newspaper . 
  i 'm no expert , but from playing ( a lot ) of football manager it works somewhat like that . 
  english clubs for example basically ca n't sign players from the brasilian league who do n't play in neither the senior national team , nor their respective youth national team either . 
  same goes for every non eu country . 
  not sure about the 70 % , or how that works though . 
  yeah i 'm no media expert on bosnian sport news either . 
  nemzeti sport is quite good , on hungarian football league transfers they 're usually very accurate , but it seems that the besic deal is to big for them . 
  it 's hard to even know what decision ferencv\u00e1ros has in the whole transfer even . 
  the sporting director said a couple of days ago that they got `` two very good offers from the pl '' . 
  so my guess it 's swansea and everton . 
  appereantly swansea offered more money , but besic wants to go to everton . 
  do n't know how or when this deal happens , would be good if he could move before january ( to everton ) , because i think he could get more playing time and adjust better during summer/autumn than coming into an already `` done '' squad in january . 
  it 's a very weird situation . 
  i do n't know if he was born in germany , but he must have moved there at a very young age . 
  maybe he did n't apply for a passport ? 
  can you give a summary translation of the article ? 
  there is a documentary `` behind the scenes '' : the four year plan . 
  i find it amazing . 
  paksi fc in hungary . 
  they have a policy of only signing hungarian players , they have done it since about 10 years . 
  ranking 322, 
  we could argue that there is a slovakian player , but, 
  1 : he has a hungarian name, 
  2 : he comes from a hungarian minority territory in slovakia called comarno = kom\u00e1rom . 
  literally across a river ( i live close by ) , it 's the biggest boarder point between hungary and slovakia . 
  where do you think the most of is weapons comes from : looting inside syria & iraq ? 
  buying it inside syria & iraq ? 
  or by donations/buying it from foreign countries ? 
  appreciate what you 're doing , please keep up the good work !, 
  wow , saved . 
  thank you . 
  i play with central midfielder on attack , but would seem a bit like a waste to use him like that . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  attacking 4-1-4-1 with false nince , cm ( a ) , cm ( s ) and anchor man in dm . 
  i lived there for 5 years , fuck i hated the weather . 
  looking for a new path . 
  i tried to go back after the first surgery , but it just was n't possible . 
  i gave myself a slim chance after the second one , but my knee was still very unstable and started getting more and more painful . 
  i 'm currently studying international relations in university . 
  fair to say that i sacrificed quite a bit of my school life to the sport which makes things harder now , but i really like what i study ( not many people can say that ) . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what you mean , if i understand you correctly you think about before my injury . 
  i did train extremely hard , more than any of my teammates that is true , but the injury could have happened to anyone : a guy was checked , and landed on my straight knee which had most of the pressure on it , from the side . 
  research found out that even my `` good knee '' has relatively weak ligaments , but it 's more likely to be genetic . 
  [ ferencv\u00e1ros-\u00dajpest ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lddg4bkwbbm ) in hungary . 
  not top 5 probably , but it 's huge every year . 
  he is a cb now . 
   no end in sight, 
  how does the war in iraq come into this ? 
  have to agree , this documentary and inside job are astonishing . 
  that 's pretty good economics to say the least for a team in the swedish league . 
  yeah , doubt it as well , and hopefully it wo n't happen to anyone over there . 
  i am unfortuntately . 
  the level is fucking terrible , it 's like leauge one . 
  i 'll just copy what i wrote about him on a previous thread with some editing . 
  he is verstile , he can play cb as well . 
  i heard he played cb at hamburg ( 5 games in the senior team ) before coming to hungary 2 years ago .
