  on top of that i never re-injured my knee after the first one , the doctors made horrible mistakes . 
  i might start a thread about this later , but if someone would have an answer to this that would be extremely helpful : is it possible to have mri scans to check , how the ligaments are performing ? 
  the problems so far was that slowly but surely , the new ligaments would disappear in maximum one year , it would be much better to see the problem as soon as possible . 
  yes , comments like that hurt a player a lot . 
  it 's very good that top teams have full time sport psychologists hired , and it 's getting more common . 
  i was operated one time by the surgeon of ronaldo ( the old one ) , the second time by a surgeon of an nba team , and current surgeon of one of the best belgian football team . 
  this third time it was the best doctor in hungary who had his hands in the president a couple of months back . 
  the bad luck has to stop :(, 
  yes , if i 'm good at one thing with my legs , it 's pt . 
  ca n't stress enough how important it is !, 
  they do tunnels in the knee where the screws are put in to hold the ligaments . 
  if the tunnels are not made in the correct angle , in certain movements the ligaments can be to stretched and disappear . 
  the doctors told me something like this . 
  if we look at the past few years in the pl , i 'd say wigan athletic . 
  for years just by looking at their squad apart from a few players it was basically championship level . 
  every year they had one player who made them stay up : n'zogbia , moses , baines , rodallega , heskey . 
  needless to say they always sold them . 
  that an the really good coaches they had . 
  i do n't know ... 
  he 's 27 , he 's probably not the player that will makes us succeed in europe . 
  i hope that means dzsudzs\u00e1k will come back to western europe . 
  hard question , i 'd say he simply chose money , which made him play in a league that really did n't suit him . 
  he is quite proven though . 
  you got 70 % of the transfer . 
  hi there !, 
  which celebrity would you like to meet ( one you have n't met so far ) ? 
  dead or alive . 
  they are right though . 
  and it 's not like it should be their job sacrificing forces to fight is at the dam , when is is near irbil . 
  not such a gangster in syria ... scared shit-less . 
  this is good , happy to see it and hope it will be enough . 
  ca n't really see yet who will be able to protect the yezidis in the long run though . 
   the uk circulated a draft resolution that would `` demand '' that the islamic state in iraq and the levant ( isil ) , al-nusrah front ( anf ) , and other al-qaida-associated groups cease all terrorist acts in iraq , syria and the region , and `` strongly deplore '' their `` serious '' violations of international humanitarian and human rights law . 
  if they would surrender ( which they sure as hell wo n't ) , it would mean the end of the syrian revolution , there are barely any other strong participants . 
  we could argue that even the islamic front is al qaeda affiliated . 
  assad is laughing ... 
  do n't know what to make of this , there are reports that nothing is happening at all , and some tweets describe massive explosions . 
  the timing of this situations is almost perfect for maliki as is is busy with the kurds and us aircraft chasing them , as it ca n't be fun having to watch the sky and your back all night . 
  baghdad is probably safe from any outside attack right now , so he could pull this off . 
  i just wonder how big iran 's hand is in this , all though officially they want maliki to step down , i 'm pretty sure they have their own plan behind the scenes . 
  if most shi'ites and the cleric actually support him this can be relatively blood less , but there is the possibility that maliki is acting alone . 
  i do n't really understand the criticism of kallstr\u00f6m of not fulfilling his potential . 
  he played about 5 seasons in lyon while they were winning the championship continuously , he was key in the midfield . 
  the only step above that would have been a top 3 team in a top league . 
  i think he had a magnificent carrier , and every reason to be proud of it . 
  he 's just terribly underrated , at his prime he was in the top 20 midfielders in the world in my opinion . 
  nice that t\u0151zs\u00e9r been that good for watford !, 
  did n't expect him to make this `` all-star team '' for any fan . 
  can anyone tell me a little bit more about him ? 
  it would be great to hear about the way he plays , and his potential . 
  jordan is a secular kingdom , and it 's quite a well functioning state when we compare it to other countries in the region . 
  that 's just cool . 
  you racist . 
  they 're probably just jealous , because, 
  1 : you most likely have a great body . 
  2 : you probably know more about your local team than most fans . 
  i think the us air force had a huge role in this operation , the kurdish , iraqi forces would n't have been able to retake the dam without significant air support . 
  they probably , would n't have even tried in my opinion . 
  i played ice hockey . 
  i was leaning/tackling an opponent , and a 3rd player fell on my stretched out leg from the side . 
  gera zolt\u00e1n , was amazing in that that in europe . 
  hungarian biase : zalaegerszeg - manchester united 1-0 in cl qualifying 7 years ago . 
  the scorer of the winning goal is a legend over here , all though he plays in the second division , half amateur . 
  here 's the goal : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmgutorydpy, 
  the sana uses basically the same pictures on every `` aid delivery '' . 
  of course that does n't mean that actually all the food does not comes from the red crescent . 
  i think we have to note as well as syrian red crescent is n't unbiased . 
  of course not !, 
  that is absolutely not what i meant , we all know how the government basically only distributes aid to the population it controls , weather it 's international or domestic aid . 
  so the player bajner b\u00e1lint is overly cocky , he said statements like : i do n't care about hungarian football , i do n't want to play in the national team , and things like that . 
  ipswich signed him on a free about a month ago after a try-out . 
  in his first game he starts but gets substituted in the 44th minute . 
  after the game the coach said that he just could n't keep up the tempo . 
  when bajner got asked the same question , why he got substituted he said : `` so that the fans could applaud , clap me '' . 
  from there and on all he has been ridiculed in hungarian media , and fans started making fun of him on the ipswich page with things like `` no bajner , no party '' . 
  countless of memes have been created as well . 
  so now the unlucky ipswich fans think he 's really good , or that somehow they have many foreign fans , since no one gave them an explanation why their page has been flocked with hungarians . 
  i think he got lucky with scoring some goals during his try out . 
  his physique fits the championship as well , but i highly doubt he 'll make a big impact . 
  in the official website he won the player of the match with 97 % after playing 10 minutes in the last game . 
  the government just received $ 3 million in aid from china as well . 
  a guys career might have ended , or at least significantly compromised and you worry about your fucking fantasy team ... poor snodgrass have 6 monts of hell ahead of him . 
  yeah it 's fucking terrible , i know . 
  sure will do that in an hour or so, 
  most of them are in hungarian , so i can only provide with a few :, 
  ipswich facebook page blocked hungarian ip addresses , so i guess party over :(, 
  hahaha , i do n't think many hungarians even know that !, 
  no bajner no party !, 
  here you go : https://www.youtube.com/user/sirianews/videos, 
  really nicely worked out by valencia though . 
  poor ever since he signed unfortunately . 
  i had high hopes for him , but he could never carry the team , the pressure got to him with the signing fee . 
  he played in segunda division one year before valencia payed $ 5 million for him . 
  have to give respect for the saa , and republican guard . 
  i do n't know if they volunteered or were ordered to fight at that air base in the middle of the desert more or less surrounded by a bunch of merciless lunatics , but they are there and fighting . 
  they probably know that a lot of them are going to die , but it sure feels like they are willing to do that so that these kind of jihadistst do n't expand much further . 
  i 'm surprised as well , that assad is deploying troups to that very dangerous territory , when he would need them elsewhere . 
  maybe in mid , long-term he is seeking to take back is and defeat them for good if us starts bombing is inside syria as well . 
  from the videos i saw from the base many people looked middle aged , so a part of the troops probably have pretty good fighting experience . 
  still , from training and living in tartous and then going to fight near al-raqqa shows determination , but elite syrian soldiers must have that .
