  you 're right there must be some other word for throwing fireworks at the away fans during the national anthem ( 1:10 ) . 
  i most definitely got the word wrong nevertheless , and i apologize for that . 
  i think the way that most westerners know `` so much '' ( or little ) about this region , is education . 
  i mean if you have followed this war in depth since the very beginning , and read many books , you 're going to have a certain level of knowledge . 
  it is my firm belief from a personal stand-point , that some people , including myself , are hooked on the conflict , with it taking up at least an hour per day . 
  that is an incredible amount of time if we multiply it by 3,5 years . 
  pretty fast and furious . 
  4-1 ( anchor man ) -4 -1 . 
  attacking and fluid.i play direct , route one , with high tempo among others . 
  worked really well in the second division , but obviously i have problems against better teams . 
  thanks mate . 
  i 'd like to point out fitness training , i do it `` very high '' for at least two weeks in the pre-season , and that gets me at least 3 last minute wins every season . 
  well considering how the team is playing , he 's probably our only bright star . 
  he has scored some amazing goals this season , in my opinion he 's our best player . 
  it 's a shame he is n't in a team fighting for promotion at least . 
  he needs better players around him . 
  i 'm not sure that he 's ready for prem to be honest . 
  he was n't that good last season at least , but he started marvelously this one . 
  heard dzsudzs\u00e1k is close to extension . 
  he 's someone who works very hard off the pitch from what i heard , so i hope he 'll get better . 
  haha i 'm hungarian . 
  that 's crazy , i wish something like that would happen in my game . 
  i 'm so sorry about you torture . 
  i hope you 're doing well now . 
  i have a question about something else if you do n't mind : how was the morale in the saa when you were there ? 
  were they fighting for the president , or religious motives , or did they genuinely believe that they were protecting the country from terrorists ? 
  another question i 'd have is about the sunnis in the army which according to my knowledge are the majority . 
  do you have any information what the sunnis in the army thought about abuses made by alawis against sunni civilians ? 
  was there ever an open discussion about it , or were people just trying to survive . 
  thanks , and all the best . 
  do you really think the regime is not torturing people like this ? 
  do you even know anything about this government ? 
  for anyone interested here is a great article , about an eye witness who was held in a prison similar to what / u/lereddittoir described . 
  hd stream please ? 
  he 's our only midfielder among the subs who can defend . 
  yes !, 
  what a beast . 
  i 'm a thrashers fan watching a jet game , and it 's 4:21 in the morning where i live . 
  you mean the thrashers . 
  these fucking penalties . 
  the last minute in the pp the jets did n't have anyone in front of the net ... 
  come on man , it 's the same for me , do n't be a pussy with all do respect . 
  come on pavalec !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  my fav goalie . 
  i heard bogd\u00e1n is fit , is he going to start ? 
  how has the other goalkeeper been ? 
  if i recall correctly his name is lafferty . 
  yeah , amazing movie . 
  a big derby in hungary if anyone is interested . 
  to teams in the east are meeting , di\u00f3sgy\u0151r-ny\u00edregyh\u00e1za . 
  last time they met was 4 years ago in the second division , by which di\u00f3sgy\u0151r winning the game , gave them momentum to win the division , and secure a promotion spot , after being down 9 points after ny\u00edregyh\u00e1za at half time of the season . 
  the build up is huge . 
  here is a clip from last time they met in the first division : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2fzpwwairk, 
  at livetv.ru / en you should be able to find streams i think . 
  second season . 
  in fm 's before it took at least two seasons , but i had real luck with tactics and signings in this one . 
  i have no idea how i 'll thrive in the championship as apart from the 5 loan players my squad is more or less suited for l2 ... 
  he had highest average rating in l1 !, 
  i tried to get him on loan for the championship , but they suddenly wanted him to play with higher quality players :( he 's one i 'll try to sign if i get the chance !, 
  4-1 ( anchor man ) -2 ( cm support/automatic ) -2 ( winger ) -1 ( advanced forward or false nine . 
  i 've been using this formation in previous fm versions as well . 
  control , play narrower , look for overlap , retain possession , work ball into box . 
  good luck my finnish brothers !, 
  much love from hungary x, 
  our defence is awful ... you 've had some pretty decent chances . 
  he played at my favourite team in sweden , djurgarden , same as hamalainen . 
  he might be better at offensive set pieces . 
  gera , 35 years old , and had two ligament tears . 
  i can only respect someone like him , well deserved goal . 
  yeah , but we still have two games left against greece . 
  our national team coach might leave as well after this game . 
  going to be difficult . 
  community club of the year and hire a racist on the same day . 
  and in username, 
  clyne to liverpool in january . 
  he gets overshadowed my pusk\u00e1s , as everyone else in that hungarian team . 
  hidegkuti , kocsis , and grosics are the names worth remembering . 
  they say here in hungary that pusk\u00e1s would n't have been that good without kocsis . 
  he went on to play at barcelona later , he died when he was only 50 after a suspected suicide after being diagnosed with leukemia . 
  here 's his wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%a1ndor_kocsis, 
  really ? 
  i had absolutely no idea !, 
  next fm career with partick thistle !, 
  or drink . 
  it 's for fair play , or against racism . 
  happens in every cl game this season . 
  so fucking pointless of benatia ot point at the ball , when he clearly did n't reach it , and it did n't even change direction . 
  this team would be nothing without ag\u00fcero , but who gives a fuck !!!!!!!, 
  way to go city . 
  yes it 's thursday . 
  i went out yesterday , and met a girl called linda , we talked for about an hour , but i forgot to ask her phone number . 
  when arriving back home super drunk , i tried to find her on facebook , but could n't , so i just sent friend requests to a bunch of lindas and i 've got them as friends now . 
  it was a good night though . 
  fuck man same here ( except the stoned part ) . 
  a friend of mine told me her name but i still ca n't find her , do n't think we got mutual friends . 
  ca n't do much about it , got to do better next time !, 
  not that i do n't believe you , but could you provide the source when daesh and fsa celebrated together ? 
  i got really annoyed when some article , or some comment , suggested that the al-farouk brigade is moderate . 
  thanks !, 
  i remember the good old kovie , savard , heatley at us :(,
