  jisr al shuqr was very anti-government as far as i know . 
  really good strike since he 's left footed as well . 
  i doubt tajti is that good ... his father is the head of puskas ferenc academy i 'm pretty sure he would n't be at barca without him , and his connections . 
  even tajti 's younger brother trained at la masia ... it 's just hungarian media making stars out of every young player who is at some youth academy abroad ( same in ice hockey ) . 
  remember filkor ( inter ) , nemeth ( liverpool ) , vass adam , gulacsi , koman vladimir ... they did the same thing . 
  the list goes on ... 
  i 'm not a ferencv\u00e1ros fan , but i leave 5 minutes from their newly built stadium , and 5 minutes away from hungary 's worst hospital . 
  ferencv\u00e1ros 's chairman now is a member of the ruling party , and as well as the stadium , the team is financed by tax payers money . 
  they signed players like zolt\u00e1n gera , hajnal tam\u00e1s , roland lamah , mateos this past season . 
  they bought a left back from bundesliga 2 for about 800.000 $ yesterday . 
  you know when i buy a fucking snickers the fucking vat goes to ferencv\u00e1ros , while i go to the shitty hospital . 
  yeah exactly . 
  just watched them play , they are on a different level than any other team . 
  it has to do mostly with the coaching staff they have had these past couple of years . 
  gy\u0151r goes to third division , and they have one of the best and biggest stadiums in hungary ... 
  i 'm a di\u00f3sgy\u0151r fan , but even our owner is an oligarch ... what a fucking joke . 
  at least one team . 
  this year 3 teams , gy\u0151r ( owner went to jail , players have n't had money for months ) , p\u00e1pa ( owner went to jail , players sort of get money ) and kecskem\u00e9t ( some financial troubles here and there ) are having troubles . 
  haha he got signed by my favourite team in hungary about 5 seasons ago . 
  played 1 game i think before he went to like asia . 
  that sounds really familiar what you 're saying . 
  it 's a shame . 
  poor vasile miriuta went from cfr cluj to gy\u0151r during the winter , because cluj had financial problems . 
  in march gy\u0151r 's owner got sent to jail , and the team went bankrupt after that . 
  poor guy left gy\u0151r as well now . 
  match fixing ? 
  yes , the prime minister 's house is adjacent to the stadium . 
  ah yes . 
  i remember the first game ferencv\u00e1ros game i went to , it was uefa cup qualifying against milwall . 
  metro station filled with tear gass , skinheads chasing a black person ... people on the fences , b-section doing the nazi salute . 
  crazy times . 
  at least then there were people in the stadium , now there is n't . 
  sure , but then how would you make them stay and fight ? 
  obviously they have man power shortages , and they need conscripts near the front line . 
  saa needs some discipline as well . 
  i 'm not advocating that they should torture everyone who runs away , but do you have any other realistic solution ? 
  it 's just really sad . 
  yeah , it 's turned off . 
  turned it on and off and it 's still talking unfortunately . 
  yeah there is nothing official yet . 
  this happened after i did a factory reset yesterday . 
  they play in hungarian second division now . 
  how has simon kriszti\u00e1n been ? 
  i know he got injured , but how was he before that ? 
  i think it 's a free transfer . 
  both salzburg and leipzig are owned by red bull . 
  yeah but everyone knows he 's the best goalkeeper we have . 
  the reason he 's not having an extraordinary amount of games is because : he was injured this past season , and he had to compete with g\u00e1bor kir\u00e1ly , who is like 38 years old now . 
  the coach wants someone with experience , and there are not many goalkeepers who can match that with kir\u00e1ly . 
  kir\u00e1ly has not been great at fulham , but in the national team he has been undisputable no1 for several years now . 
  i ca n't remember him having a bad game . 
  hard to not play someone like that . 
  i 'm pretty sure after this ec qualifying kir\u00e1ly will stop playing in the national team ( he has returned to the hungarian league this summer ) and bogd\u00e1n will take his spot . 
  kallstr\u00f6m just signed for 3 years at grashoppers as well . 
  he 's 32 . 
  but yeah it is unusual . 
  i only have '' \u00f6 '' in my keyboard so it was easy . 
  he 's my favourite player . 
  you 've told your story about your defection . 
  i 'm wondering if you were put under house arrest solely because you are sunni or because they found out somehow you could n't be trusted to drop bombs on civilian areas . 
  do you know what happened to the rest of the pilots who were put under house arrest ? 
  thanks , and all the best with your project . 
  did you get put under house arrest as well , before you managed to defect ? 
  do you know if the reason for being put into house arrest was solely because you ( and other pilots ) are sunni , or because of something else as well ? 
  do you know what happened to the rest of the pilots who were put under house arrest , and did n't defect ? 
  thanks , and all the best !, 
  yeah , i was surprised by that one . 
  anyone have a good quality stream ? 
  who is the mp talking ? 
  what is the `` joint defence agreement ? 
  hiw is di\u00f3sgy\u0151r doing in your save ? 
  these numbers are astonishing to me , as i did n't closely follow the idlib battle . 
  bashar said in his speech , that they gave up some territory to focus on others , but with more than 1000 causalities , it really does n't add up . 
  this was n't a planned retreat , they lost big time on this one . 
  today . 
  i 'm hungarian . 
  hungarian and turks are not at all related , the ottoman empire occupied us for about two hundred years around 1400-1600 , that 's it . 
  hungarian language is related to finnish and estonian . 
  that 's not really gramatically correct in hungarian . 
  there is one apple in my pocket . 
  how would this be in turkish ? 
  yeah , i heard turkey likes us !, 
  do you know hunyadi maybe ? 
  apparently there is a turkish saying . 
  `` watch out , or hunyady will get you '' . 
  they say it to kids , when they are behaving bad . 
  but yeah , we have really good relations with turkey , and there are many turkish university students studying here . 
  yeah , it was . 
  the thing with the syrian civil war is that you never know what is going to happen . 
  for sure it is not impossible , but at this moment not probable . 
  chose money . 
  anzhi , dinamo moscow , and now bursaspor . 
  could have done so much better . 
  i was just in portugal for more than 20 days , and what you 're saying is ridiculous ... just so you know i traveled a lot inside portugal as well , and the differences are n't big at all . 
  this is an interesting article about non-lethal aid : http://www.noria-research.com/2014/04/28/syria-testimony-of-general-ahmed-tlass-on-the-regime-and-the-repression/, 
  source please . 
  you forgot `` if you send them to egypt , they disappear '', 
  the syrian communists , and different communists have been around for a long time . 
  during the 1920s the biggest political movements were : muslim brotherhood , ssnp , the bath party and the communists . 
  slowly but surely all these parties got defeated and were forced to go underground when the bath took power .
