  and certainly not after what he did in hama , all though he says it was n't his forces . 
  i would recommend to look at the video onnce it becomes available in english . 
  he looks very stressed , interesting to compare this interview to the one he gave to barbara walters in 2011 for example . 
  `` slight grace off '' . 
  is there a rule how much you have to touch the ball before touching the other player ? 
  you either touch the ball or you do n't . 
  just lurking , waiting for the resurrection . 
  it 's the second time . 
  i think we were there at ' 08 . we played against canada and lost with something like 8-1 , but it was definitely worth it . 
  glad he 's out safe . 
  hope he does an interview . 
  $ 2-3 billion a year would mean more than a tenth out of iran 's total state budget . 
  that 's just way to much in my opinion . 
  no , we still want that record thank you . 
  neverthless there has been so much talk about when the regime finances will collapse , starting from the beginning of the civil war , and look where we are at now ? 
  the state is still more or less functioning , the collapse has n't been very rapid . 
  i really do n't see the end in sight . 
  what 's more important in my opinion is just month after the nuclear deal the rebels have made remarcable gains , i doubt that 's a coincidance . 
  now that 's one immense difference comparing how the us now backs iran 's attendence in geneva iii compared to how much it successfully opposed it in geneva ii . 
  lies about knowing you . 
  never heard that recording the shot is a cia requirement , any source on that ? 
  any source of what the fsa did in 2012 ? 
  obviously i know that kidnappings and lootings happened , i would just like to read an article about it from 2012 . 
  edit : year, 
  the airstrikes were absolutely decisive . 
  obviously we ca n't know what would have bappened without them , but until that point libya looked like pretty much loke syria until march of 2012 . 
  some turmoil here and there . 
  what does `` yarab '' mean ? 
  a small summary would be nice . 
  my two favorite books :, 
  in the lion 's den : an eyewitness account of washington 's battle with syria : by andrew tabler, 
  asad : the struggle for the middle east by patrick seale, 
  for mor up to date books check out these authors : pierre piccinin and emile hokayem . 
  happy birthday man !, 
  what playoff game are you watching ? 
  typical / r/soccer : you do n't like a player and you get a downvote . 
  i doubt the downvotvotes would stop there, 
  the fighting is taking place in the syrian side of the syrian-lebanese border , with occasional spillovers to lebanon . 
  it 's mostly hills . 
  it 's budapest , but there are plenty of hospitals nearer . 
  must have a good reason to drive across town . 
  yeah , i woke up to a huge noise , and i found this . 
  yeah the save from marchisio 's shot was the best one . 
  obviously i 'm a juventus fan , but i think our midfield and defense suits the best to play against a player like messi . 
  ca n't think of anyone else than vidal and marchisio to put against him . 
  of course barca have plenty of players besides him , but if we can control messi we have a good chance . 
  if not we 're fucked . 
  jan has no foreign figthters as far as i know . 
  is the book good ? 
  might buy it then . 
  link to that study please ? 
  thanks !, 
  what do you mean far greater force ? 
  i 'm pretty sure since the coalition airstrikes started the syrian air force has attacked is more times , and caused more damage to them solely by airstrikes . 
  the only couple of weeks when that might have not happened was during the siege of kobani , but the syrian air force still attacked is in deir el-zor , raqqa , tabqa and who knows where . 
  sure we have more or less exact numbers about coalition air force attacks on daesh , and not vice versa . 
  that still does n't mean that us attacks are more numerous or are causing more damage to is in syria overall . 
  obviously the coalition has the potential to cause much greater damage , but they are not doing it . 
  the biggest battles have been taking place between is and saa since the fall of 17th division base in raqqa . 
  neither the kurds , nor other rebel groups have suffered and inflicted as heavy losses on is as the saa since last summer . 
  and i 'm not a government supporter . 
  i understand your reasoning for sure . 
  take a look at this http://www.defense.gov/home/features/2014/0814_iraq/airstrikes6.html, 
  i 've got no time to actually make an average on how many airstrikes the coalition has conducted in the past couple of months , but just by quickly looking through that sheet maybe it 's 6/day when airstrikes do happen . 
  then there are multiple days every month when no airstrikes are taking place from the coalition . 
  the real problem is that we do n't have any numbers whatsoever on syaaf air strikes ( at least i do n't have a source ) . 
  i wanted to write before , but i did n't that it 's obvious that each individual airstrikes by the coalition causes more damage to is , you are absolutely correct there . 
  it 's just my opinion that the syaaf conducts much more airstrikes/day against is forces because there are clear front lines against them , and they need to do those strikes day to day in order to keep the front lines intact . 
  in your last sentence about the scale ( if you meant quantity ) i ca n't agree with you on that . 
  my opinion is that even though the quality of airstrikes from the syrian air force is less than the coalition , because of the more quantity they are causing at least the same damage . 
  i do n't think more than 8 ( even 15-20 ) airstrikes a day against is is an `` incredible quantity '' even with the current state of the syaaf . 
  i could be wrong though , but i think they are capable of doing that . 
  if not back me up with sources . 
  i 'm assuming here . 
  the coalition has only one target : da3sh, 
  i was only talking about da3sh here , so the points i 've been making are only valid towards them . 
  you were talking as well talking about the military capacity of us aircrafts , of course they are much better , but i think the quantity of airstrikes of syaaf make up for it against is . 
  i 'm just repeating myself here . 
  the coalition airstrikes are not really doing anything on the battlefield apart from kobani . 
  it could just happen that if the syrian air force would put everything they had on kobani they would make the same damage towards is , not because of how big their ordnance is but because of the quantity of the airstrikes . 
  some of them will eventually hit targets . 
  and when i said that the coalition does 8 airstrikes a day ( when they do airstrikes ) i did n't add to that , that not all airstrikes are against is . 
  i just counted that from the 20th of april until today , so that 's one month , on average the coalition air force did 4,96 = 5 airstrikes a day . 
  did n't check how many were against is but at least 95 % . 
  i think it 's possible that the quantity of syaaf airstrikes do at least the same damage to is forces as the coalition ones . 
  in any way the difference is n't huge as you said . 
  this is my opinion . 
  like 1 minute before matri scored i was thinking to myself that , why did we sign him again . 
  i mean we could use him to rotate but i would have rather seen coman these couple of months ... and then he scores . 
  it 's the quality of the broadcast . 
  that and the spectators are far away from the pitch makes the real atmosphere difficult sense . 
  it 's not really their fault , i think it 's the stadium and the infrastructure . 
  watch a home game from juventus , they havethe same quality as any pl club , then you can compare . 
  yeah i know . 
  yeah i know . 
  everyone is cheering on the kurds but theybare commiting war crimes as well . 
  they are simply the least worse out of them all . 
  what the fuck is this subreddit coming to ... 
  the comments lately have been in really low quality for the past couple of months . 
  the mods have a responsibility in this .
