  mighty honved !, 
  how is di\u00f3sgy\u0151r doing in your save ? 
  i would appriciate an overview of the hungarian league as well . 
  cheers , good luck in the game !, 
  what do you think about laszl\u00f3 csaba ? 
  when you say demo do you mean the beta ? 
  ca n't find the demo anywhere . 
  just got to love when the kings play like this . 
  completely outworking the opposition . 
  i think it 's a good sign that you 're playing like this early in the season as well , last year it mostly happened in the end when you were trying to reach the play-off . 
  is fleury back ? 
  sad day to wake up as we prepare for today 's playoff against norway . 
  he had over 20 games in the nt , and our last goalkeeper in the premier league . 
  i remember when he was up against gordon at sunderland and did a really good job . 
  the last time i heard about him he was saying he was doing better and wanted to get back to football . 
  this is just a shock . 
  may he rest in peace . 
  horrible day . 
  he died a couple of hours ago , all major hungarian news agencies are reporting it . 
  the cancer was known . 
  what is that song ? 
  yeah , that 's what i thought of . 
  hope we can sort something out in norway . 
  kiraly is pretty good though still . 
  hopefully you 'll see that tonight . 
  not sure . 
  all i know is that his arm started hurting . 
  wigan , qpr could both be interesting choices . 
  who has played 2 games this year ? 
  whenever poland plays we cheer for you as well . 
  yeah . 
  he does n't want to renew his contract . 
  a polish team made a bid for him during the summer but videoton refused . 
  now he trains with the second team but is yet to make an appereance . 
  he played a couple of u21 nation team games , and our coach ( storck ) was in charge of u21 before , that 's why he knows him quite well and called him up . 
  it 's interesting that he benched stieber who barely plays for hamburg and played kleinheisler instead of him . 
  cheering for dardai as well !, 
  hope you guys continue to perform this good . 
  it would be worse if he was only injured though , as he would n't play either way . 
  when is he back ? 
  has kallstr\u00f6m given a bad pass today ? 
  fucking amazing game from him both in attack and defense . 
  if turkey would n't have scored against island the 90th minute on the last game , or if we would n't have conceded against n. ireland the 93rd we would n't be here either . 
  does n't matter now . 
  in bursapor . 
  has n't been very good for the nt the last couple of years , but arguably our best player . 
  he 's turning 29 soon though . 
  damn it 's good that priskin is playing and not szalai . 
  what a cross . 
  yeah but that game did n't matter though ... 
  since this is hungary 's third coach during the qualifiers i 'm pretty sure yes . 
  it 's very old , and some parts are closed down for security reasons . 
  this is a much more modern stadium . 
  on the negative side it was built by tax payers money and 5 minutes away from it lies budapest worse hospital ... 
  nikolics has been pretty terible in the nt the last couple of years . 
  he is n't really suited for the counter attacking football we play . 
  yeah we know !, 
  he was very good in our league as well . 
  just does n't fit our system . 
  why do you hate our clubs ? 
  this fucking blind referee . 
  ahh the tank makes his presence known . 
  ca n't fucking believe it !!!!!, 
  44 years !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  edit : that was fucking lucky though . 
  this is for f\u00fcl\u00f6p and for the last 44 years . 
  he will definitely be there unless he 's injured . 
  he was suspended for this game but has been a key player in every other qualifying game . 
  we need his experience and technique . 
  i 'm pretty sure that he would be a starter if he would play for hamburg . 
  he has barely made any appearances over there this season . 
  last season when he played most of the games in the bundesliga he was always in the starting line up in the nt . 
  apparently some bundesliga 2 teams want to sign him . 
  hello all ,, 
  i guess my questions are directed to joseph and perry . 
  do you think that the syrian government which is arguably linked very much to the military , can survive with assad gone , after the war ? 
  is there anyone who is more or less respected by both sunnis and alawis who could be able to step in ? 
  there is much circulation that assad should go , but i have n't heard one name who could take his place apart from those in his entourage . 
  great answer , thank you . 
  mali forces have stormed the hotel , but the attackers are still inside with hostages . 
  lol small bias there ... 
  he transferred somewhere else ( ca n't remember where ) . 
  some championship team i think . 
  we 've got jaskalainen instead of him . 
  just posted it . 
  just had my fifth knee surgery . 
  going to be in bed for 6 weeks . 
  now i have a few days without good internet . 
  any ideas what to do ? 
  fourth acl . 
  thanks , i 'm well prepared with books , i downloaded many before the surgery . 
  really appriciate the offer though !, 
  thanks man . 
  yeah keeping in touch with people is very important . 
  it 's difficult to read or write though with these pills . 
  i hade the surgery 2 says ago so the pain does n't help either . 
  about how many percent of the al-nusra front is composed by foreign fighters ( including iraqi ) ? 
  when did they start to join jan ? 
  how do they know that the causalities are really iraqi militia ? 
  win by two .
