  honestly , downvotes would probably take care of them . 
  this sounds like a mix of croatian and russian and it 's killing me and then some italian thrown in and i am dead, 
   thankfully the internet is helping ** allot ** with that . 
  idk man, 
  oh it 's not your typical farm smell like yeah , a barn full of cows smells like cow shit but this , this is the smell of * industrialised food production on a large scale * it 's really quite a lot worse than our small farms , which is one of the reasons i 'm glad we do n't have huge cattle ranches , as good for our economy that would be . 
   because they want to get their share of the markets no , because they want to solidify their presence on the market . 
  they already have the lion share of it , they 're trying to stop anyone taking it away . 
  we have 0 share . 
  europe is so far behind it 's not worth to bother even . 
   would you be okay if eu investions billions in order to have european made smartphones ? 
  any company is free to go and try and start selling smartphones . 
  i do n't see a reason why the eu should invest anything , not like it 's a prosperous entry into a new market , it would probably fail and there 's no point to it rather than `` but we should have a domestic smartphone '' . 
  besides , * all * smartphones are and will be made in china or taiwan or korea or whatever , so there 's no point at all , not like it will create any jobs or anything, 
  yes , yes it is . 
  northern italy man . 
  expensive af gas , everything smells like shit ( even on the highway ) . 
  i pronounce it the us way but write the british way . 
  i always use s in words like `` generalise '' and u in `` colour '' , i say boot and lid and bonnet , i say `` zed '' and not `` zee '' but i pronounce it all `` the us way '' because it 's easier for me . 
  i know a guy who always does this super posh and super obvious wannabe british accent when he speaks english . 
  he thinks he 's being super good at it , we find it fucking hilarious and nobody has told him yet . 
   humans are greedy . 
  thats what makes us so innovative but it is also the very thing which prevents something like ` universal income ' from happening today . 
  yep , the greed of politicians is definitely a part of why we do n't have this now . 
  i do n't imagine any other reason why it is n't implemented apart from everybody wanting to continue funneling away money through existing systems . 
   how do you convince a country of idk , 16million people ( netherlands ) , to not be greedy if one person will earn like 10 times what everyones universal income is ? 
  and now imagine that on a scale as large as the population of germany ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  do you know what universal income is and how it would work ? 
  everyone gets x , and then whatever you earn through your job goes on top of that . 
  how is it that not now just without x ? 
  what do you mean `` to not be greedy '' , there are already plenty of people who make 100x of what an average person makes in those countries and we are n't `` greedy '' now ? 
  did you even mean to write `` greedy '' there because it makes no sense , or i do n't get it . 
  is n't welfare also against that ? 
  there are plenty of people who do n't work and just collect their support . 
  nothing would change . 
  sprry , must have missed that part . 
  pf course , once it is finished , i am interested in the results , 
  will we get the results of the survey ? 
   if anything , this sub should be encouraging non-english content , this is the essence of europe , even if it is an english-speaking sub . 
  the problem you get here is that almost nobody can participate , especially on this sub that does n't have as many users . 
  ask a question in dutch , or refer to an article in dutch without translation , and who can answer your question ? 
  exclusively people who speak that . 
  now imagine posting something in romanian or slovenian or something . 
  or god forbid finnish or hungarian , who but hungarians and finns will answer questions written in those monstrosities ? 
  the essence of europe , well , there is n't one . 
  europe is a bunch of countries , big or small with their own deals going on . 
  and english is one way that we can all communicate . 
  because english is the most commonly spoken second language . 
  there will be biases against large languages like english , german and even french ( god forbid ) , simply because there are more people participating from those countries , and more people who speak the language as their second language . 
  you ca n't say `` do n't speak the common language , we must enforce communication in the languages native to the users ! '', 
  well what , will it be like an eu parliament meeting , everyone writing in their language , while someone translates for everyone else ? 
  that is actually a really fucking good idea . 
  if they were any more inbred they would be a sandwich . 
  audi . 
  because i got it for free . 
   all bmws look good i disagree for all bmw suvs , but i think suvs in general are ass ugly ( except for dacia duster < 3 ) , so i might not have a point . 
   once you go van , you never go back unless your garage wo n't fit a van : /, 
  lol there was no `` my country '' 500 years ago and even then i doubt borders were as strictly enforced . 
  what would those benefits be ?? 
  i do n't see any . 
  what do you mean by `` american poverty and criminals '' we have x amount of poor people and criminals . 
  if all of them were suddenly americans , it would n't change a thing , would it . 
  well , be glad you live in finland . 
   i get my rent paid and money for living . 
  lol what ? 
  i mean , yeah , you can be voluntarily unemployed , but you wo n't be insured and the support you 'll get is pretty shit . 
  no , i would n't ban it outright , that 's pretty stupid . 
  however i would support programs that increase integration , like obligatory classes of our language , if they do n't pass at the end , no visa or whatever . 
  well which one is it ? 
  i know ljubljana does n't have an anthem . 
  i have n't heard of such a thing here . 
  well i guess the general thing here would be , we mostly like attractive white women . 
  i guess the same as any other country . 
  as in , * varies from person to person * . 
  i do n't recall any communism . 
  also , your title question and your explanation does n't add up well . 
  do i think we 're culturally better ? 
  different , sure . 
  better , that 's ... 
  i mean yes ofc we 're better this is my country , got ta be nationalistic a bit . 
  but are we more western than not ? 
  i think yeah . 
  we 've always been , i mean we were austria for forever . 
  how would you define `` balkan '' in terms of culture ? 
  `` balkan '' is a geographic term . 
  greece is a balkan country , is n't really a culturally ottoman country ( as far as i know ) . 
  incurable cancer obviously what the fuck at least the child support goes away after the child is 18 , i just die of the cancer what the fuck kind of question is this, 
   is there a social stigma among females against using websites like this ? 
  why would you assume such a thing ? 
  maybe it 's just that men are more drawn towards discussing local politics . 
   but i do n't know how common it is to really know more than the first line i definitely know * `` deutschland deutschland \u00fcber alles !, 
  it also helps that it 's taken from a song by a very culturally significant author , it is n't just any assembly of lyrics . 
  not even tina maze ? 
  fool proof , really, 
  this is kind of a ridiculous question . 
  you know , actually , our government recently passed some legislation only permitting full beards for . . of course there is n't one way the nation feels about facial hair !, 
  among young people , there are fads that come and go . 
  among older generations , there are proven classics that stay . 
  many men shave but that does n't mean a good beard or moustache is n't appreciated . 
  [ well our turbo folk is n't influenced by oriental either ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cm2ukqxxslg ) i 've heard people argue that that 's turbo polka and we do n't have turbofolk in slovenia , i 'd say they 're about right,
