  now i appreciate paid bathrooms more . 
  i think everyone does lol, 
  `` koji kurac '' from the bosnian-croatian-montenegrin-serbian ( [ it 's the same language deal with it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian ) ) language which literally translates to `` which dick '' but means `` what the fuck '' or `` who the fuck '' depending on the context , it can be meant as an exclamation or a part of an actual question . 
  nothing for anything but you can sell aluminium cans for change at dinos which is a scrap company . 
  what exactly do you mean ? 
  there 's always money in politics . 
  your whole comment speaks volumes about the flaws of your system . 
  we got candidate 1 , but that 's ok because candidate 2 is worse . 
  this time party 1 won and let 's hope that makes party 2 push a better candidate 2 next time around so they beat candidate 1 . have you considered that there could be more , than 2 candidates ? 
  and more than 2 parties ? 
  there could be a third president with a third party that leaves both of your retarded behemoths in the dust with a progressive good plan . 
  or not even that , you may get 3 or 4 more parties that are smaller but take some congressmen away or whatever your current system is . 
  honestly just get a proper parliament and all the rest and i do n't think you 'd have the issues you have now . 
  it 's not americanisation , we 're just consuming their culture because it 's so prevalent on the internet . 
  talking about americans does n't make you one . 
  i do n't own guns because it 's too much of a hassle to even get to shoot them recreationally ( * and legally * ) even if i wanted to . 
  but i do partake in shooting competitions with the old zastava m48 rifle . 
  i think it was a joke m8, 
  there 's somersby and it 's popular among young women , but not really to a large extent otherwise at all . 
   many korean think this make eropeans to discomfort . 
  i do n't think it brings people discomfort . 
  there have been plenty of shows full of nazi references and jokes , ` allo ` allo !, 
  comes to mind ( it is set in france during ww2 and features many characters as german gestapo officers or generals or whatever ) . 
  by applying to join and being accepted, 
  yeah . 
  the other day i 've been listening something `` it 's preposterous that the united states , one of the biggest , no , the only viable superpower in the world falls victim to a fascist ... '' yeah right . 
  i mean not saying slovenia is a superpower but the general attitude in the us is `` we 're the best , the greatest , the richest , the smartest , and , we 're modest too ! '', 
  usually water . 
  sometimes beer . 
  never wine . 
  yeah i was thinking , that the wolves probably concentrated where all the sheep are . 
  a viable alternative imo would be relocation of the wolves . 
  which is pretty hard compared to just shooting them . 
  however i am not against shooting just a few either , there has to be some sort of population control . 
   the tradition is for the farmers to release their sheep freely in the mountains in spring , and then collect what 's left of them in autumn well if it 's tradition for the wolves to eat the sheep , what are the farmers complaining about ? 
  `` we 've been doing it like this for ages , but now we 'd like the wolves to stop eating our sheep ! '', 
  well , bring your sheep into the valley or put up with the losses . 
  maybe the sheep owners should invest in some tall fencing rather than shooting the remaining few wolves . 
  i mean it is n't * much * worse here it just is noticeably different . 
  idk . 
  nutella is confirmed to be making three versions , and the polish one is the cheapest and worst . 
  it 's `` common knowledge '' ( to be taken with grain of salt but it must stem from the truth ) here that a product that has the eastern southern europe languages on the back ( slovenian croatian serbian romanian macedonian etc ) as opposed to german french and english is always inferior , if it is n't a domestic product . 
  i would n't put it past companies to cut costs on manufacturing for `` the poor countries '' . 
  fuck yes brie is the best . 
  however , i have found that president ( brand ) brie bought in a carrefour in france is much better than the president brie bought in leclerc here in ljubljana so fuck them for making inferior cheese for our market . 
  not at all . 
  i work in an auto body shop , i paint cars and various bullshit , morning commute takes half an hour at best ( worst ) . 
  i work 40 hours a week and not second more . 
  i very much work to live . 
  if i wanted to live to work i would not have dropped out of college and would work in it or some stuff . 
  i would also make like twice as much but i 'd rather live frugally with lots of free time than be rich with no free time . 
  google , chrome i place convenience before my privacy i guess, 
  i mean you might mention also idrija then with it 's mine . 
  well we have caves . 
  those are underground . 
  nothing of such in the cities though . 
  yeah . 
  i mean it 's the same car . 
  like a renault berlingo or a citroen kangoo, 
  `` znak za in '' so basically `` the and sign '' there might be a proper expression but i have never heard it neither can i find it . 
  it 's van sized . 
  idk to be fair that 's the official designation but everyone i know just calls it amerika and it 's assumed it 's the usa, 
  i live in ljubljana there is n't really much concern , the general sentiment seems to be `` they 're ignoring us and going to germany anyway '' of course there is huge nimbyism , recently the residents of a town were all up in arms and signed a petition against the transfer of 30 asylum seekers to their asylum center , like what the fuck , it 's 30 people , it 's a few families . 
  but there have been also positive stories from towns hosting refugees , in small numbers they 're good people . 
  so the younger population is pretty level headed and old people are rabbling because things might change , but that 's how it 's always been . 
  no it is n't either legal or acceptable . 
  it 's perfectly fine if you start walking when the pedestrian crossing light is green and then keep walking if it turns red like half way through . 
  after all you ca n't stop in the middle of the road . 
  but if you go when it 's red and stop traffic , you will be fined if there 's a cop nearby . 
  it 's legal to cross the road when there 's no crossing nearby , but it 's illegal to cross the road if the crossing is less than 50m away . 
  so basically , if you ca n't be arsed to walk 50m to cross the road properly , you will be fined . 
  i 've seen a few people walk across a main road in the city ( within 20m of a crossing ) to the other side only to be met with a cop already writing a ticket . 
  imo this is good . 
  pedestrians have to obey traffic rules just like drivers ( and cyclists ) do . 
  you 're a proper shitposter , i like you not like all the other shits with their `` so is n't sweden like a huge rapefugee no go zone right ? '', 
  are you having a stroke , did nobody teach you how to write properly , or are you just stupid ? 
  the title is horrendous . 
  afaik it 's pretty easy to get a licence for a rifle here , * if you 're a licensed hunter * , the hunter licence is not easy to get, 
  it is illegal to sell and/or offer alcoholic beverages or beverages with added alcohol to anyone under 18 years of age or anyone showing signs of intoxication ( so buying drinks for minors or drunks is also illegal ) a seller can request id from anyone they assume to be younger than 18 years old and if denied can refuse to sell drinks alcohol can not be sold in stores between 21pm and 7am , does not apply to bars and restaurants spirits and other hard alcoholic drinks can not be sold in bars and restaurants from opening time until 10am , after that they can be , does not apply to beer the above points must be printed and displayed in a prominent spot in any store or bar selling alcohol alcohol can not ever be sold : in buildings and properties where there is a schooling or medical institution , in sporting venues one hour before and during sporting event , in workplace during work hours any place that sells alcohol must offer at least two nonalcoholic beverages that are cheaper per volume than any single alcoholic drink . 
  i really really want to eat it now holy fuck, 
  what is the `` right '' way of `` eating '' surstromming, 
  to shreds you say ? 
  answers : 1 . 
  gmt +1 2 . 
  slovenia , i get frequent exposure to other cultures - i do a yearly skiing trip to france , i used to and still do travel a lot elsewhere - i 've visited germany , france , italy , czechland , norway , denmark , the netherlands , spain , and most of the balkans . 
  i plan on visiting more . 
  slovenian ( obviously ) , english , croatian/serbian ( pls no kill for mixing the two ) , german , some russian 4 . 
  actively , only / r/osirisnewdawn which is a gaming subreddit , i know , but hey not like it does n't have problems . 
  also / r/yugoslavia . 
  neither is \u00fcber active though , but this sub is n't really huge either ( no offense intended ) 5 . only from / r/slovenia due to a hilarious misunderstanding 6 . 
  i check it multiple times a day but i rarely answer in top comments because i feel like most questions do n't apply to me 7 . 
  someone will totally steal this idea so i am pming it 8 . 
  i wan na be the very best like noone ever waaaas scenarios : a. i 'd give the little shit a piece of my mind , but would not distinguish the post . 
  basically i 'd argue with him `` outside job hours '' . 
  i hope i do n't have to resign from shitposting just because i 'm a mod . 
  if it does n't break rules , let it be . 
  even if rediquette says downvotes are n't a disagree button , that is what everyone uses it for . 
  that 's fine , that 's how the site has always worked . 
  but i would n't remove posts that do n't break the rules , unless they 're really * really * obvious bait ( like the shitposting spree a week or month ago ) . 
  then i 'd remove it under 1.7 or 1.9 c. if the coded language gets too obvious they would be viable for a ban , otherwise , ca n't really do much ... every sub has a resident troll that knows how to evade rules .
