  it may not be good , but it 's still the best . 
  no point in even knowing what other have got , there 's no choice for same-day shipping . 
  i used google translate until now , or just went on with german . 
  then again , it 's not that much cheaper , the shipping costs are insane . 
  that 's like , 400km away !, 
  caseking.de has an english website , and does ups shipping for 6 $ , but it is more expensive than amazon , but in the end it equals out . 
  still , better than any store in slovenia . 
  it 's not that they have a political opinion that i do n't agree with that 's the problem . 
  it 's that they 're * also * stupid . 
  that 's why you do n't open anything when your water gets shut off . 
  it 's still there then . 
  hopefully . 
  but yeah , do n't leave plumbing standing still for long periods of time . 
  ok . and here i was thinking are the finns so insane to drink the black shit that comes out of a radiator . 
  oh you see i now understand . 
  the confusion here is , yes , hot water comes from the same macro loop ( heating plant -  your apartment building -  tap water ) , however it splits up into radiator water and tap water . 
  no way do you ever get any warm water that has previously been in a radiator , those loops are separated . 
  well those are n't veterans are they . 
  just people commemorating the struggle and fight and all that . 
  if you mean the guy that got his son veteran status that 's the war for independence . 
  `` maam , we 'll need you to remove your clothes '' `` b-but why ? '', 
  `` it 's for your own personal growth and empowerement '', 
  holy fuck . 
  how many people smoke ? 
  here we 've just gotten the first over-4 $ pack ( some high end bullshit cigarette brand ) , and a lot of people still smoke even though it 's insanely expensive ( consider average pay is a third of that of us ) , probably because the 3 $ per pack still fall under the `` oh it 's small money '' , but over ten dollars would seriously discourage me and a lot of people i know ( not that i do smoke but at that price i would n't even consider ) . 
  yeah forgot that part, 
  i feel like slovenia and croatia are the only two * ex yu * nations that could be in a single country and not kill each other . 
  chrome has a setting that sends a no track request to websites . 
  at least had last time i checked, 
  we 're fucked then , if they incorporated even 1 % of slovenian grammar ... 
  that 's not what you were saying . 
  you were saying youth is disillusioned and sees no future ahead . 
  that 's a common sentiment across europe , regardless of youth unemployment percentages . 
  yeah , meanwhile in other countries we 're basically guaranteed jobs and social security , right ? 
  i do n't even think uk will actually leave . 
  it 's just a non-binding referendum . 
  i took it more as a `` will right-wing populism win ever again ? '', 
  test and it passed , sadly . 
  since cameron 's resigned and left his successor the task of actually invoking article 50 in a few months instead of doing it now , i think a lot of things are gong to calm down in between and whichever pm will be too chickenshit to do it ( look at the shitstorm just from that one vote ) because it will literally be political suicide . 
  yes they would , that 's why they ca n't air it . 
  at least here we have some sort of `` radio silence '' a few days before any election , all the ads are taken down and radio and tv shows and papers ca n't voice biased opinions one way or the other . 
  you are playing with fire my friend, 
  i get that reference . 
  sweden does not have even close to the peoblem iran has with radicalism , while iran literally has to fight them , problem in sweden could be solved with stricter control or a few deportations . 
  and of course sanctions towards anyone funding them but that wo n't happen . 
  then iran can go fuck itself . 
  i know i am being unrealistic but a real `` feminist government '' would impose some sort of sanctions on the country , like stopping trade and investment in iranian economy . 
   but i think the reason to do it this way is that it does n't ruin the landscape as much . 
  makes sense seeing that a bridge there would be the tallest structure in that part of the netherlands, 
  so , wheel your car onto the train and drive it with you ? 
  why ? 
  the only time i enjoyed such a drive is when i was not driving ... unless you 're planning an extra day to stop at places along the way and sleep once , not worth it . 
  official language and actual language in use are two different things . 
  yes everything pretty much was in slovenian , but you still learned the language . 
  if nothing else , to be able to complete papers in serbo-croat . 
  well to be fair , most slovenes vacation in croatia , while it ca n't be said the same for croats . 
  also , before 1991 , the official language was serbocroatian and was afaik mandatory in schools so people from before that know it . 
  i 'd visit quebec if i was n't just normally broke haha, 
  have you visited yet ? 
  sounds like you really want to , 
  holy shit man . 
  i guess i should be glad i live in an area with good and cheap enough public transport that i would n't even want to buy a car if i did n't need it as it 's only a financial burden . 
  what are you rambling about ? 
  this is a very straightforward legal thing , not something `` grounded in fantasy '' and `` essentially meaningless '' . 
  i do n't understand what you mean with that comment . 
  right there with you mate, 
  yeah that always gets me , people are like `` since i deleted facebook i am so much happier because i do n't have to deal with bullshit '' , do they not know you can very easily curate content you see ? 
  there 's this `` unfollow '' button on the top right corner of his posts , that everybody who complains about facebook conveniently misses . 
  i do n't fucking give a shit about your fucking tanks and rockets and guns !, 
  that 's irrelevant to my argument , which is entirely , `` if you are going to argue against this eu law , argue it better '' . 
  there have been plenty of good reasons argued in this thread that support the ban on * some * of the widely used shit ( it does n't ban handguns . 
  and who hunts with a semi automatic , what ? 
  ) , and your argument of `` do n't do it because so far it is n't done '' does n't stand up . 
  someone says `` everytime gun laws have been tightened in the uk , gun violence with the relevant weapons went way down , here 's the data etc etc '' and all you got is `` yeah but they should n't do it because i and others do n't like it ? '' ? 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  they * do * have a good reason . 
  you do n't . 
  do n't get into meaningless arguments about irrelevant shit . 
  think about your argument and research and word it . 
  good night . 
  i 'm not drawing anything in , are you so triggered you 're incapable of reading ? 
  what i am saying is this . 
  you are clearly fine with rocket launchers and tanks ( which are the terms i think you used or someone else ) being illegal , `` because they 've always been '' . 
  and you 're clearly not fine with there being regulations that * do not entirely prohibit * possession of semi automatic firearms but do so for a defined subset . 
  that 's your , belief , or whatever . 
  the problem comes from you arguing for it . 
  you 're basically saying `` everything should stay as it is because it benefits me and presumably others '' which is a pretty bad one because it means nothing should ever change even in the face of hard facts that argue for change . 
  know what i mean?your whole shebang is `` i do n't like this therefore it should n't be done '' . 
  it is n't `` here 's the statistics and facts that prove doing it is detrimental '' . 
  no i 'm not suggesting anything beyond that your argument is shit and that you should get one that goes beyond just `` i want x and eu wants to take x away , eu bad '' , stop straw manning . 
   you ca n't own either as a civilian without proper licensing , so that 's out the window . 
  so the line `` rocket launchers are n't fine but semi autos are fine '' is there because `` right now , rocket launchers are illegal but semi autos are n't '' , and that 's fine with you but a law proposed to move the semis into `` illegal '' also is n't fine just because you like semis ? 
  i do n't really care strongly about this issue since i 'm not a serious gun enthusiast but the argument that `` rocket launchers can be illegal since i do n't own one but clearly they ca n't make * some * semi autos illegal because i do own one '' is not a really good one . 
  yeah , he 's the one with the simplistic emotional bullshit argument , 0 self awareness lol, 
   they will do it because they do n't want anyone to have guns mainly because they are over paranoid about getting shot by someone . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  you sound like half the fucking country is in on the plot and trying to fuck over the other half . 
  hey ask european union first , then ask our prime minister . 
  if anyone listened to us there would be no problem on the border . 
  as long as our borders are what they are you 're not getting any tourism either lol,
