  it 's still 0,473176 l. 
  and that 's what 's dumb . 
  do you think an `` inch '' is derived from a metric unit ? 
  or a `` foot '' ? 
  i think it 's derived from your fucking body parts , mate . 
  it is very common , my impression is that natural makeup is popular with most women and some young women ( which you might categorise as `` sluts '' if you would want to do that ) use super heavy makeup that appeals to a very small subset of men ( which you might describe as `` douchebags '' if you would want to do that ), 
  there is n't constant traffic from slovenia to croatia , just during `` mass migrations '' basically at the start of the season and holidays . 
  the `` starod '' border pass ( called pasjak from croatian side ? ), 
  will get congested at those times but as long as you get to it outside the season and during the day rather than morning you should be absolutely fine . 
  also god knows what the fuck our governments will think up for our border at that time , but in any case starod is your best pick since you do n't enter a highway when you get through it and therefore do n't have to buy a vignette and it 's a pretty short drive on a very straight road to kozina and then trieste . 
  just mind that it 's on the last exit from the a7 highway form rijeka , not at the end of the highway ( that 's a different border crossing that does n't connect to trieste as easily ) . 
  as long as you have your passport , are not smuggling anything and are not a wanted criminal , i do n't see why there should be any problems . 
  yeah , here it 's 9 years of elementary and then it 's 4 years of `` high school '' basically either gymnasium ( not to be confused with german gymnasium ) which teaches a broad spectrum of subjects ( pretty much everything ) , meant for future study at any university ( really aimed more towards arts and stuff that requires talend rather than knowledge but you can apply to any university with the diploma you get ) , and then there are `` trade '' high schools of either 3 or 4 years that teach you a trade directly or they teach you more in depth about one subjects ( like electronics or mechanical engineering or whatever ) and you can either get employed with that or you also go on to the relevant university with a clear advantage since you already know the basics . 
  the huge difference there is that the people actually vote for the president . 
  unlike in the us . 
  i do n't know what the tread was about but our pizzas are pretty good certainly better than french pizza, 
  because we do n't have it , dude . 
  of course it seems overrated to you , a native . 
  i feel like the second sentence is sarcasm, 
  london eye was fucking amazing , i do n't see how it 's over rated . 
  workshop clothes . 
  no loose ends . 
  no materials that easily shed . 
  i think it 's pretty much the same as it always is is n't it ? 
  there 's always the aftermath of this or that war , there are always social issues , wealthy always shit on the poor ... `` remember , man , you are dust and to dust you will return '' . 
  it will be remembered , then it will be forgotten . 
  i guess i just look onto it as it 's passing by , not minding the `` current world '' , i 'm too focused on my life . 
  also , looking to the current world just makes you depressed and afraid and i do n't want that . 
  first , at least here in slovenia it is mandatory that you learn on a manual transmission to get a full driver 's licence . 
  so people learn manual from the start . 
  also , many cars simply are n't offered in auto . 
  every shitbox in the us has an auto but here , it 's reserved for luxury cars or the highest trim of the model . 
  for example the new renault megane does n't come with an automatic transmission unless you get the gt version with it 's dual clutch paddle shift , as far as i know . 
  cheapest cars are n't even close to having an auto , and old ones even less . 
  there 's not a preference for manual , there 's just not a culture of automatic . 
  it never caught on here early on ( with the worker and middle class daily drivers ) , while it did very much in the us . 
  there is no demand for automatic transmissions to be brought down to affordable vehicles . 
  i am guessing in the past some companies offered it as an expensive option , nobody bought it ( like , why would you have an automatic in a fiat punto , that 's the logic ) , and they never bothered since , while in the us they offered it , people bought it , and everyone started doing it . 
  that 's what i imagine and it makes sense to me . 
  in my experience bmw and mercedes are n't * bad * , just assholes . 
  yeah they do n't use turn signals and shit but they wo n't exactly cause an accident . 
  mini coopers though , those are entirely suicidal . 
  that 's some impressive as fuck battery time on your phone, 
  no i know , i was talking about when you said how next time you wo n't show shit . 
  also , yes they definitely can deny you entry , they can even forcefully escort you from the line if you 're making a fuss about your rights that you do n't have ( there is no `` free movement '' into and out of eu countries , there is only free movement within schengen countries . 
  people from afganistan will definitely get checked . 
  as will people from usa , japan russia etc. 
  not denied , not frisked , just checked passports and if necessary anythinf else ) and refuse to cooperate , the question whether they 're * allowed * to do that will be settled later . 
  people like you are the reason there were 7 hour lines at our borders this week end . 
  prepare your documents before and make it easy as possible for them to process them so it can be as fast as possible , so you do n't hang up anyone else in line . 
  that would be the optimal solution . 
  if of course you want to be needlessly contrarian , at least inform yourself on what you 're allowed to do and not ... because i am pretty sure that if you refuse to show anything but your passport they can refuse you entry . 
  lol you 're not asking for more information or opinions , you 're asking others to agree with you and now you 're pissy because you actually got more information and opinions on how you are wrong . 
  they should have just left the middle east alone so they get over their muslim middle ages or kill themselves , everybody knows it was about the oil all this time anyway . 
  it 's in my head * forever * get funky , motherfucker, 
  but i liked this . 
  it 's not some drawn out opera impersonating bullshit . 
  it 's energetic and catchy , if nothing else . 
  like the 2012 konichiwa song . 
  yeah it 's stupid , but stupid wins eurovisions . 
  it 's garbage as always ... for one , popular vote does n't even decide what goes to the eurovision , it 's some committee or something . 
  and rarely is the committee pick also the popular choice ... 
  so we know it is n't our audience 's favourite , why would it be the favourite of the audience of europe ?? 
  if it was up to me we 'd be entering [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljubvv0kvhg ) every year . 
  i feel both . 
  in the context of europe , i feel more slovenian . 
  in a global context , i feel more european . 
  it 's all about what you 're dealing with . 
  in the first example i deal with other countries in europe that generally know what slovenia is and everyone is vaguely aware of the differences of all the countries , and their cultures etc. 
  i 've also traveled across europe a lot so it helps . 
  but on a global scale , nobody knows or cares about slovenia , but if you say you 're european people generally have an idea what you 're about , it 's a close enough approximation of all the european cultures together that it should represent me well enough to the person i am talking to or whatever , and i can always explain further by moving to the european context . 
  i guess you could say that on an european scale i feel slovenian because it differentiates me from all the other european countries , but on a global scale i feel european because it connects me with the same countries . 
  only if it worked well . 
  obviously . 
  definitely stay . 
  although i do n't like what they 're making us do . 
  on one hand i understand people pushing for a more federal eu but on the other hand i do n't trust people running the thing right now . 
  #long ago in a distant land, 
  local newspaper , and i check reddit in the morning to chuckle at the daily clickbait title post related to the current outrage on / r/news or currenty / r/technology ( hint : it 's trump day every day ) . 
   i thought all the toilets at our petrol stations are paid ? 
  you mean drop change into a small dish or the cleaning lady will look at you angrily ? 
  or have they updated to the usual change machine that gives you a coffee coupon after it lets you through, 
  oh no i just meant that in my own ignorance i just figured that it is . 
  i realise it probably is n't . 
  who is not to say that all that op talks about is n't just a temporary period of constitutional crisis ? 
  ah yes . 
  i thought you meant `` he 's all this so obviously he 's a fascist '' . 
  nevermind . 
  he is what you listed . 
  but he is n't a fascist . 
  `` fascists believe that liberal democracy is obsolete , and they regard the complete mobilization of society under a totalitarian one-party state as necessary to prepare a nation for armed conflict and to respond effectively to economic difficulties . '', 
  so far the only thing that 's `` fascistic '' about him is that he * could * be the strong leader that leads the state . 
  but anyone could be that . 
  everyone is calling every right wing politician a fascist now . 
  maybe erdogan , not trump . 
  he 's just republican and full of himself . 
  sorry how is trump a fascist again ? 
  also i 've always thought of most south america and africa as dictatorships so not much is changing . 
  maybe i should get educated on the matter , but maybe if i wait for a bit i wo n't have to :p, 
  alternatively , i was getting frustrated for having to pay for every petrol station restroom all the way from spain ... and then we get to jesenice , finally free bathrooms ... covered in shit .
