  i think that judging a whole continent by the subset most active on the internet and one commonly antagonised , that being `` sjws '' and `` libtards '' , is really fucking stupid . 
  yeah there are people like the meme says . 
  i do n't doubt . 
  but they 're a tiny minority . 
  a vocal and retarded one , but a very small minority in any case . 
  eh , why not . 
  i do n't really care about which way the majority of it leans , i care about it 's lack of reform , it 's passing of some shitty laws and failure to pass some good ones . 
  i mean it 's stable , but it 's shit . 
  i do n't think of the times . 
  so little of what goes on affects me . 
  ignorance is bliss , and usually that 's meant in a negative way , but is it worth worrying about who trump fires next or what happened to an iranian child at an airport thousands of kilometres away ? 
  no it is n't . 
  and you may say `` yeah but that may affect you in some time also '' , ok , i 'll cross that bridge when i get to it . 
  right now i have matters that directly affect me to think about , and world politics can just take a back seat , or even better shove itself in the boot . 
  like , i bet we 'd all love to think we 're worldly and that we are sympathetic with people across the globe and that we understand the times , but why bother ? 
  that is n't here and now , it 's * there * and now . 
  you miss so much worrying about things that have no business with you . 
  what ? 
  do you mean the super old ones ? 
  i do n't think * anyone * knows , not like they had instagrams and snapchats . 
  especially as they unified platforms now . 
  so basically , the engine , frame and suspension is the same , you just pay for a fancier image with vw . 
  i especially dislike how polo is now what golf used to be , price wise . 
  fords are definitely built differently , i mean there is this thing called ford europe and several ford cars share names but are completely different vehicles sold in two markets ( google `` ford fusion eu '' ) . 
  they 're ok cars . 
  volkswagens are also reliable , but older ones moreso than new ones , prices have gone up and volkswagen is almost a luxury brand now ( with \u0160koda and seat being their mid tier options ) . 
  i think of `` can not into space '' and `` sausages fuck yes '' i am sorry, 
  i remember a certain kind of roadside ad with a `` gifted '' woman warning you to look at the road . 
  so basically , you 'd see tits , and you 'd look at them , away from the road , and then the ad for zavarovalnica maribor would tell you to look back . 
  fuck that shit . 
  i mean i would n't * support * it , but i would n't protest it . 
  i mostly would n't care . 
  it actually died about a year ago :( i miss it, 
  yes and they 're objectively wrong ok left and right and opinions and whatever but he is an absolute piece of shit politician . 
  my brother 's dog bit him once when he tried to pet it , totally can sense evil . 
  i do n't know about best but i 'd say the worst was janez jan\u0161a . 
  he is such hypocritical fucking garbage . 
   but i always cringe when i hear `` our '' women , usually in the same sentence with a few other items like beer . 
  oh , is that objectification now ? 
  what would you have said to make it not cringy ? 
  how would you list things differently than this in english ? 
  if he is talking about czech values , is it not ok to use the word `` our '' referring czechland as the country of it 's origin , regardless of what `` it '' is ? 
  transmetropolitan . 
  it is depicted so well in the comic . 
  i do . 
  chamonix is my dream one day , it 's so fucking expensive though . 
  i am working around everything else once per year tho !, 
  a free ski pas sounds fucking amazing , do you go ski touring ever ? 
  the capital , ljubljana, 
  i took the question as `` which european country '' instead of strictly eu members since there are a lot of countried that are in europe but on in eu . 
  it 's a tiny country , but it is n't , and i 've never heard anything about it other than those two things . 
  [ my cat suffering in it 's box ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i2kwir1.jpg ), 
  i know right ? 
  they were delicious also . 
  well , not from here but in serbia i saw chips with sarma flavour . 
  yes , the minced-meat-with-rice-wrapped-in-cabbage sarma . 
  a driver 's licence is not a valid travel id . 
  i am the alt right fear me, 
  english trumps both . 
  you have no case . 
  pff , like that 's in any way comparable . 
  you will be able to order it in english just fine !, 
  also , go to nova gorica and you might get by with italian also . 
  well , then do n't expect me to come back to your shitty bare minimum . 
  so you 're advocating everyone put in their bare minimum ? 
  you really going that far just to advocate why someone should n't speak a different language to their customer , while the saying is * the customer is always right * ? 
  i am sure , you work in a sales environment and regularly treat customers poorly on the basis of your cultural and linguistic sensibilities . 
  you 're lucky not everyone is like you , and that you have great ski resorts . 
  i ca n't imagine tourism booming with people like you in charge . 
   you 're people barging on without them having any say on the matter . 
  why should they be in any obligation to accomodate you ? 
  oh i 'm sorry , they must have built the ski resort by mistake , gotten employed in said ski resort by mistake , set up a shop selling food everyone needs , * by mistake * ? 
  why should i be in any obligation to paint your car ? 
  why should a waiter be in any obligation to serve you ? 
  why should someone collect your garbage in the morning ? 
  because it 's our job . 
  i hate to say this , but it 's true , they are * literally paid to accommodate me * . 
  and i 'm not an asshole , okay , i pay in advance , i drive safely , i pay the parking , i check all the inventory on the little bullshit paper the reception gives me , i clean the apartment i 'm in when i leave , i am nice to everyone , i ski responsibly , obey rules of the ski resort , i buy some souvenirs ( g\u00e9n\u00e9py is great ) , i like to oblige to anything if it means there 's a good painless relationship going on . 
  so is me , wanting the people i interact with , to understand me without me putting too much effort , too much to ask for ? 
  and not like i 'm not putting in any effort !, 
  i 'm not shouting slovenian at them , i speak english , a language that is less dissimilar from french than it is from slovenian . 
  i 'm already accommodating them to the best of my abilities , is expecting the same from them too fucking much to ask ? 
  i use english pretty much everywhere . 
  translations are really bad , not mentioning we do n't have proper nomenclature for half the stuff that 's supposed to be translated . 
  in the slovenian windows 7 , if you went deep enough in the control panel , it was all english . 
  until somebody bothers to do it proper , i 'm not using it . 
  so you 're saying , when i go skiing for a week to your country , i have to buy dictionaries and pronounciation guides and pretty much get a crash course in french , because speaking a common language is entitled on my side ? 
  the only embarrasing culture shock i got in france was exactly the fact that many people that are supposed to provide services to us , * your guests * , either ca n't or do n't want to speak english . 
  i do n't think you 'd appreciate coming here and being met with `` oh , you do n't speak slovenian ? 
  i also think it is entitled of * you * that when a guest comes to your country they are met with no ease of accomodation . 
  rarely anything is offered in anything rather than french . 
  you are a people very proud of your language , fine , but it does n't mean everyone else has to speak it fluently just to read what 's the daily offering in the local bakery * in a huge internarional ski resort * , and then get laughed at by the lady at the counter when you butcher the ridicuolus pronounciation of the writing next to a piece of pastry . 
  and if it was just the bakery , fine , that 's their thing . 
  but no !, 
  slope plans , information panels , brochures , all in french only !, 
  will it hurt to help out the rest of the world a bit ? 
  have you ever seen a brochure in slovenia that isnt ' t at least also in english , and then usually german and italian ? 
  pretty much ca n't , because we know our language is difficult as fuck . 
  but somehow having a hundred million speakers more makes it fine to just ignore everyone else and do your own thing . 
  it 's fine ?
