  this is such a stupid fucking notion from people that do n't seem to understand how the `` mutually benefitial '' concept works . 
  like the americans who say `` but why would medical care be paid out of taxes , i do n't want to pay for someone else 's medical care !! '' . 
  you 'll be paying for others and others will be paying for you . 
  the only way that you 'd be paying for the pensions of others and get nothing in return is if this european pension excluded you but somehow included you when it 's your turn to pay in . 
  which , no matter how shit the government is , is not a deal anyone would accept . 
  no , not at all . 
  or rather , i think the pensions will be roughly the same ( meaning , utterly shit ) , just that the age at which you can retire will increase and increase until you basically ca n't . 
  it 's a running gag among young people , when anyone mentions pensions everyone goes `` yeah but we 'll be dead before we get ours lol '' . 
  it 's the `` funny because it 's true '' kind of thing . 
  i mean , it 's just an expression . 
  most of our local large companies were destroyed by either selling off or bad management or good old corruption and economic crime or mostly all three , so foreign owners are pretty much the only option for large scale employment now . 
  so it 's a necessary evil , i guess, 
  slovenian ( obviously ) , english very well , bosnian-croatian-montenegrin-serbian pretty well , german so so , and a bit of russian . 
  we do n't have your high school , but we do have the gymnasium ( not to be confused with the german one ) that teaches general knowledge at a higher level than `` trade schools '' of sorts which still teach general knowledge but also have classes directed at various trades . 
  gymnasium lasts for 4 years and trade schools from 3 to 4 , usually from when you 're 14 to 18 ( if you are born before june ) . 
  1 . we grade 1-5 with 5 being best and 1 meaning failure , iirc 0 - 49 % = 1 , 50-62 % = 2 , 63-75 % = 3 , 76-89 % = 4 , 90-100 % = 5 and it varies between schools and teachers a bit anyway . . grades are given for tests and oral examination and then averaged into semester grades which then average into the overall grade for the year of the subject . 
  at the end of gymnasium is the all-encompassing matura exam that is separate and independent from the grades of all 4 years . 
  in average you 'd have 6 or 7 class hours in a day , one class hour being 45 minutes . 
  that does n't equal 6 to 7 subjects in a day since some took up two class hours at a time . 
  there are many subjects ( classes ? ) . 
  you do n't take all subjects in all years , or even all semesters . 
  * disclaimer : from here on only counts for the school i attended . 
  * from my days in gymnasium , 1st year i remember : maths , slovene , english , german ( some classes had french or spanish or italian , depends on what you picked when you enrolled ) , physics , chemistry , biology , music , geography , physical education , computer science , history . 
  but music and cs would stop after year 1 , in 2nd year you 'd get sociology ( only 2nd year ) , and in 3rd year you 'd get psychology ( only 3rd year ) and in 4th philosophy . 
  you also have obligatory `` additional classes '' that you have to pick out , and 3 . those were usually the extra levels you talk about , so you could take advanced maths as the extra class , or you 'd take psychology again ( with different curriculum of course ) and you 'd pick one for one semester and one for the other . 
  the extra classes are also necessary when you pick two of the subjects for the extra exams in the final matura exam ( consisting of 5 subjects , math , slovene , foreign language ( english , german , french , etc ) and two mandatory extras you pick ) , so if you pick chemistry and biology the two of four extra classes in your 4th year are those two and the two extra `` higher level '' classes . 
  here i 'd like to distinguish `` class '' and `` subject '' more because there are many classes in one school year , as in , groups of students , usually up to 30 and labeled with letters ( so 3 . b would be b class of 3rd year ) and all classes are taught the same subjects separately , so you do n't really mix students from classes in the ordinary subjects , ** except ** in the extra * classes * because there students are mixed since there are many more to choose from so groups get diluted . 
  as i understand in the us you do n't really have `` classes '' like we do , you are taught every subject in a different group ( being the class ) depending on what you pick . 
  terminology differences fail me a bit here . 
  4 . integrated systems come and go . 
  we have math as one subject but algebra , geometry and calculus are all covered separately within it . 
  physics , chemistry , biology , cs and geography are split . 
  anything can be arranged if students are interested , but those `` exterior classes '' wo n't count towards your final year grade . 
  i remember taking russian for two years , since enough were interested the school organised a class for our year . 
  6 . lol there definitely was homework . 
  the great [ slavoj \u017ei\u017eek ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo ), 
  i mean , they only have the signifiers if you mean it that way . 
  you can totally use black/white/yellow / red/whatever as a description . 
  when you want to describe a black person , ca n't you use the term `` black '' ? 
  you can omit that information obviously , but what if it 's somehow significant that they were black ? 
  it 's stupid to think that there are no races and that races should n't be acknowledged , even in description . 
  that 's exactly what mulato is to me . 
  it is a word that describes a person with mixed race parents , so i do n't have to say `` person with mixed race parents '' if i want to say it for whatever reason . 
  if i 'm making a racist remark or whatever and it 's obvious from the context , yeah it 's offensive . 
  but if i just use it as a descriptive term , it should n't have any connotations , unlike for example `` nigger '' which is definitely a slur and has little other meaning . 
  well okay , but why would the word origin affect it 's connotation today ? 
  just because it comes from a racist or exploitational background does n't mean it 's a slur automatically . 
  i mean , look at `` nigger '' it comes from `` negro '' which comes from latin `` niger '' meaning `` black '' . 
  very innocent descriptive background , but it was made into a slur by it 's usage , and even pulled `` negro '' along with it . 
  i mean fuck , people say that saying somebody is black is offensive , what else are you supposed to say ? 
  african american ? 
  that 's just plain wrong . 
  why should it be seen as offensive or racist ? 
  it just describes a person of mixed race parents . 
  you see here 's where i say `` yeah but what 's wrong with liberal and permissive '' but that 's pointless since it 's my opinion , and the opinion of the parents is that liberal and permissive is wrong . 
  here the state steps in , and does a research or ten and gets the values in the schools right according to current social climate , and if the parents disagree and want to raise their kids into extremists in any direction , social workers get involved . 
  depends on which schools you mean . 
  and also what kind of indoctrination . 
  if you mean gun totin bible thumpin cult followers , i do n't think our schools produce those , or yours , for that matter . 
  schools should n't indoctrinate , and whether `` they introduce the children into our capitalist system '' or whatever is indoctrination is a debate in itself . 
  if homeschooling should be illegal the schools should be in very good shape . 
  as i understand it homeschooling is getting good results in the us because of the piss poor public schooling . 
  here , public schooling is allright imo and also mandatory . 
  also , when you say  cause they do n't like what the schools teach , want their children to be more family oriented , feel kids are not properly supervised at schools , etc. 
  it just screams `` opportunity for indoctrination '' to me lol, 
  ha ha nice joke, 
  nope , not really . 
  people gave more of a fuck when the current president did n't have a wife ( just a partner outside marriage ) than his religion, 
  the government lol, 
  if they 're registered , yeah . 
  it 's frowned upon outside of villages and rural areas though because those things are fucking loud , m8 . 
  yeah , of course lol even if the woman chooses to do it at home the doctor and midwife come visit the home . 
  i 've never seen one here but i guess it would work largely like it works where you 're at . 
  i literally googled [ `` italy stampede '' ] ( http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2017/06/04/reports-of-an-explosion-in-turin--italy.html ) dude keep up, 
  pretty high . 
  i love chilli peppers and i grow my own and they 're pretty brutal . 
  i 'm used to it and my friends always tell me to bring my peppers to picnics and they always figuratively die trying to eat a small bite and its pretty funny . 
  i 'm not accusing you of having an agenda , can you not read ? 
  i 'm accusing you of being unable to admit your country is flawed . 
  so , you just linked an article that says `` they ca n't fire you for being pregnant , but they can for anything else , but do n't worry , most people are nice enough not to , and besides , you can always sue the employer that fired you '' . 
  lol , what a fucking joke , and to think 1st of may as worker 's day comes from the us itself . 
  also , good way of getting out of having to argue your positions with `` not interested '' . 
  stop asking questions you 're not willing to face the answers of . 
  so far , never . 
  you see ? 
  this is what 's wrong with american exceptionalism . 
  are you not able to say `` yes we have issues and these indices show that pretty well '' ? 
  you have to reason it on some political agenda or something ? 
  and like , national indexes and statistics aside , there are very clear indicators how life in america is worse than in other places . 
  you have at-will employment in some states . 
  that * automatically * makes you worse in terms of worker rights in any other country with better worker rights , you do n't need statistics . 
  if in your country employers can just fire a woman for being pregnant , while in some other countries are mandated to not only guarantee her one year of paid leave but to reserve her working position for when she gets back , there is no blaming a political agenda on being the reason those countries are viewed as better . 
  same goes for medical care . 
  and yeah you 'll say `` yeah but not all employers do that !, 
  many employers pay out tons of extra benefits '' i do n't care , as long as you have tons of miserable people barely getting by with their shit wage at walmart , it does n't matter how good the silicon valley programmers have it . 
  many people get great coverage in the us , but millions and millions more get very shit coverage that puts them in debt forever . 
  i always say `` america is really good for rich people but really bad for poor people '' , shame that you are only as strong as the weakest link . 
  no shit it is . 
  but it does n't matter because it 's still stupid . 
  a pint was n't redefined as 0.5 l.
