  should the referendum in november not happen , there 'd be advance elections for the catalan parliament , where parties would be polarized on the issue and people would vote them accordingly . 
  if the recent eu elections meant anything , erc would win again , with an absolute majority . 
  that party has already had `` independence for catalonia '' as the core of their electoral program for many years , and they 'd be supported by the other parties that are also for independence now ( 2/3rd of current parliament , likely more after these elections ) . 
  after these , independence negotiations would , too , start . 
  if , even with the expressed will of the people supporting them , these negotiations failed ... unilateral declaration of independence would follow . 
  that could go more or less smoothly , but in any event , it would become an international conflict . 
  i doubt international mediation would choose to ignore the expressed will of the catalan people . 
   all that talk about a united europe and solidarity remember catalan people have both spanish and eu citizenship , and i do n't see a scenario where we are losing either . 
  i do n't think there 's much united europe by rejecting catalonia membership , nor solidarity by isolating it . 
   do we have a bet ? 
  i am a proud spanish and will have no problem wearing the spanish flag in the unlikely but still possible event mas chickens out ( not that it would change a thing , other than shifting votes from ciu to erc ) , so i can agree just fine to that little bet  just poke me if/when mas chickens out . 
  i 'll do the same if i remember about it by 10 november if it turns out it 'll be settled in elections instead . 
  some slippery rope you 're walking here ...  germany would not recognize an independet catalonia only immediately and only perhaps . 
  in such an event , it would recognize catalonia too ... eventually . 
   so would n't other european countries with seperatist movements ; there are n't that many and you 're way too convinced their attitudes ( just see uk letting scotland have their referendum just fine ) are such that they would choose to * strongly oppose catalonia * . 
   these countries would pressure the rest of europe to not recognize catalonia . 
  and succeed , of course . 
  :d  there would n't be any trade pacts . 
  that 's a really naive claim . 
  you think there 's no country in the world that would want to trade with catalonia ? 
  and what on those that are trading heavily with catalonia now , do you think they 'd all suddenly reorganize their import/export flows in order to stop all trade ? 
  does n't hurt to look at some official data from the catalan institute of statistics : http://www.idescat.cat/en/economia/ecosectext.html, 
   demand sorry ? 
  i do n't remember talking about demanding . 
  trade pacts happen when there 's mutual interest . 
  there 's gon na be continuing mutual interest for a lot of states to trade with catalonia , and therefore there 's gon na be a lot of trade pacts . 
  bit of background on the whole independence deal , from the organization that ignited the independence process : http://catalanassembly.org/why-support-catalonia/ bonus : spain vetoing catalan government 's attempts ( across decades ) to request for official status of catalan in eu : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jindzlhmby0, 
   an independent catalonia would be isolated in europe ; without eu-membership , trade agreements and recognition of the big countries that country would be destined to fail . 
  doubt it . 
  in fact , i believe we 'll have a lot of trade pacts right away . 
  recognition would be better than you make it sound , but in any event , as with all new nations , time would fix things . 
   but if the catalans do that it 'd be their ruin , both diplomatically and financially i 'm so scared i 'll vote * no * ... kidding . 
   if the referendum finally happens it will be nothing but a very unofficial poll without any political weight that 'll be ignored by everyone . 
  if millions vote , it wo n't be ignored . 
  and guess what ? 
  millions will . 
   anyway , the spanish president and the catalonian president are going to meet soon enough , though , so more likely than not they 'll reach a happy agreement that 'd keep the catalonian high industrialist bourgeoisie satisfied and one that the tv3 will make sure to herald as an unprecedent historical victory . 
  yay . 
  hahaha . 
  not happening . 
  mas 's party would be committing political suicide ( and joining the psc club ) if he did compromise on the referendum . 
  and erc would win next elections , with a wider margin than they won the recent eu ones in catalonia . 
  and then catalonia would secede anyway . 
  ultimately , whether catalonia secedes or not is going to be up to the will of its people , expressed in the referendum or in the early elections that 'd happen if the referendum could n't be held , where parties that stand for independence could equivalently win . 
   as far as i know , the judgment has not yet been pronounced . 
  hence my care . 
  remember , innocent until proven guilty . 
  that 's pretty basic as human rights go . 
   peaceful protest peaceful indeed . 
  they were n't admitting to being involved in anything not peaceful   and the motion was passed with the support of cup , erc , ciu and , even more shamefully psc . 
  strange participants in a `` false flag '' operation ... from passing a motion of support for peaceful protesters to being participants in not peaceful ones by false flaggers ... that 's quite the leap . 
  whole deal reminds me of that woman that attacked the current hypocrite heading psc some weeks ago . 
  she was presumed to be a `` radical pro independence '' in the media and by people on internet forums and such . 
  now we know she was just a random woman who was angry at something he did when he was the mayor of the town a long time ago ... and of course spanish media do n't give the fact much attention . 
  they just say whatever is convenient to try and paint the catalan who are for holding a vote in a bad light . 
   federico jimenez losantos i 'm not sure if i hate the guy . 
  i mean , he 's so fucking ridiculous , obvious and so on ... perhaps he 's a necessary idiot . 
  indicted ! = guilty with that in mind ... six nationalist militants -  obviously they 'd indict people like that , if they want to make nationalists look bad . 
  `` they did n't deny the actions '' -  a lawyer 's advice will generally be not to make a statement ... and about terra lliure ? 
  that 's a long dead terrorist organization , which had a knack for killing themselves when trying to prepare bombs . 
  quite the joke they made there . 
  false flag , then they selected a few scapegoats . 
  that 's what it looks like to me . 
  is n't that incident a well-known false flag one ? 
  they 'd just love it if we were like that . 
  it 'd be that much easier to deny us the right to vote . 
  agreed . 
  it 's all fun and games until someone loses an eye . 
   , as long as it 's not forced upon them in a `` preachy '' way and presented as the one true guideline for their lifes . 
  you 've just described what religion class is . 
   classes on religion do n't equal indoctrination , although i think teachers should not be chosen by the state . 
  they 're by the church , and the church chooses the priests they send to play teacher . 
  state simply funds it and ensures it happens in each and every school . 
  it 's nasty . 
   i think it 's valuable that our children learn about religion , seeing how much it has influenced our lifestyle . 
  agreed . 
  i think the background and influence of many religions should be taught by proper teachers in subjects such as philosophy or history when appropriate . 
  no , but we at catalonia have a plan ( to solve this and so many other things ) : an independence vote  . 
   just get the fuck out or shut up they would say . 
  read : conform or run away . 
  so very nice . 
   i 'm saying teaching children a moral compass is a good thing i might agree or not , does n't matter ...  the stories in the bible are a medium that 's easy to understand and is exiting for kids should you want to give children a moral compass , there 's far too many options available which do n't involve religious indoctrination . 
   christian parents `` brainwash '' their kids every day at home . 
  but they do n't do it using the state schools paid with tax money . 
  it 's also less effective when they 're not being brainwashed in schools too . 
   i almost feel like a broken record , but i do n't consider religious classes in school brainwashing , at least not in a harmful way . 
  you 're saying indoctrination in some choice of religion is a good thing ? 
  i think even a `` self-study period '' is a better use of the kids time . 
   well i do n't think 6 year olds can make an informed decision about what they 're supposed to be taught . 
  we agree . 
  they ca n't consent to it at such an age . 
   also the parents have a right to influence the upbringing of their child . 
  no , they have no right to brainwash them . 
  or should not have any right in any sane legal framework that at the very least tries to protect kids . 
   also i think it 's reasonable that the parents decide at that age . 
  i do n't agree . 
  imho it 's a human rights issue : kids have a right to not be brainwashed into some arbitrary religion , regardless of their parents beliefs . 
  there 's no religious freedom if it 's taken away at such an early age , when the mechanisms for critical thought have yet to be acquired . 
   why would you ban it though ? 
  as long as there is a choice if you participate or not i do n't see a problem tbh .
