  and as for erc , they have always been for further autonomy inside spain but not for independence unless as last resort . 
  ciu only gave up on spain recently , both the party and its voters , due to the events covered on what you nonsensically call a `` propaganda '' link , and due to other events not covered in it . 
  if spain did n't shit all over the estatut d'autonomia , with humiliation and insult to the catalan people who voted for it in a referendum , there would have been no independence movement to speak of . 
  erc called for independence immediately , ciu did so only years after , due to the demonstrations , when they realized their voting body would just vote erc otherwise . 
  the anc took photos of the whole chain ... they 're working on making an aggregate picture showing the whole . 
  that 'll be undeniable proof , with a solid count of people and a continous image . 
  i suppose the same spanish media will avoid mention of it once released . 
   catalonians should be ready if things go bad . 
  we 're ready for peaceful resistance . 
  this would include strikes . 
  it would n't be limited to catalonia , either , as it crosses a boundary that the average spanish citizen is not going to tolerate being crossed . 
  the eu would have to position itself , too . 
  nobody , not in catalonia , spain , europe or world wants a war . 
  and catalonia has no army to call his own . 
  we 're ready for peaceful resistance . 
  this would include going on strike . 
  it would n't be limited to catalonia , either , as it crosses a boundary that the average spanish citizen is not going to tolerate being crossed . 
  the eu would have to position itself , too . 
  it 'd be political suicide to use force against catalonia . 
  besides how it would run counter to convincing anyone in catalonia that independence is not the way to go , it would also make the conflict an international one and gain the independence movement the support of the world . 
   what does it feel like to live in an imaginary country ? 
  typical spaniard reaction to what 's going on in the northeast ... and then you have to wonder why there 's such a huge and growing pro-independence movement ... 
   i want to cry , a catalan with critical thought !, 
  i do n't appreciate how you 're implying every catalan who is n't against independence lacks critical thought . 
  that 's an ad-hominem if i 've ever seen any . 
  and then you have to wonder why there 's such a huge and growing movement for independence . 
  i , too , was amused . 
  it 's pitiful . 
  that 's just the best they can provide , if asked for an argument . 
  i thought i should note that polls indicate erc would comfortably win with more than half the vote if elections where to be held right now . 
   what should a father do when his teenager kid throws a tantrum ? 
  the catalan voting population is made of adults and they 're responsible of themselves as such . 
  and you have to wonder why there 's a strong and growing movement for independence in catalonia ... 
  gratuitous translation : franco clearly said : `` i leave everything tied up and well tied up '' . 
  i suppose you 're not seriously considering anything i tell you but at the very least notice that a coup d'etat attempt like 23-f 's was the best way to legitimate the king at the eyes of those who saw him as a puppet of franco . 
  juan carlos did swear by the principles of the falangist movement , paint it however you want . 
  i do not hate my country , but i * do * hate fascism and fascists . 
  either they leave or i do , and they 're not gon na leave ... 
  here 's some background , by anc . 
  ( the catalan national assembly , grassroots movement that became an alias for the independence movement , by raising it to where it is now . ), 
  one actually relevant link : http://catalanassembly.org/why-support-catalonia/, 
  here 's some background , in english : http://catalanassembly.org/why-support-catalonia/, 
   yes . 
  however , catalonia massively voted for this consitution back in the late 70s . 
  about that ... [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1spr8i/the_catalan_government_agrees_to_a_referendum_for/ce03s9w )  and also , it is difficult in the second decade of the xxi century what a nation is ... 
  i 'm not sure what you meant to say here . 
   i used to sympathise with the separation movement , but i no longer like this nation , or better said , how nationalism is manipulating it . 
  you keep talking about `` nationalism '' manipulation but i 'm yet to see you provide any example of that . 
  it sort of ignores how the whole independent movement rose , through the grassroots and not connected to any political party [ anc ] ( http://catalanassembly.org/ ) . 
  good . 
  i hope you do keep the support for the vote . 
  the voting really should happen ... 
  i doubt anything will be solved until then . 
   what i said may be inaccurate it is , indeed . 
   what is , really , silly , is to say that they have been pausing everything forever . 
  i think anyone a bit critic would see that . 
  it 's one of these events where it seems ridiculous , but it 's the sad truth and it must be stopped . 
  spain promising and not executing budgets has been the state of affairs ever since the `` democratic '' transition . 
  and we have been exploited for a sickening [ long time ] ( http://www.sapiens.cat/ca/notices/2012/11/18th-century-the-poll-tax-philip-v-punishes-catalonia-3021.php ) before that . 
  here 's some background , in english : http://catalanassembly.org/why-support-catalonia/  pd : and i know the railway thing . 
  the one-way railway i use to go to barcelona is from 1931 . 
  the one i use is from 1856 , even older . 
  there was a dictatorship that punished catalonia harshly , but even after the democratic transition , there 's been no improvement . 
  just grudgingly agreeing to budgets but then not executing them . 
  catalonia ca n't take this forever . 
   but if they wanted to stay within spain they should be allowed . 
  perhaps , but they 'd have to want that to begin with . 
  i have yet to hear about any movement for that , much less a sizable one . 
  there is , however , a movement for catalan independence . 
  and it 's huge , if the demonstrations means anything and if vote in latest elections means anything . 
  there 's no movement for independence from catalonia in val d'aran , nor do they consider themselves not catalan in any manner . 
  it goes without saying that 's because of mutual respect . 
  unlike how spain lacks respect for catalonia , as spanish government does n't even think we 're responsible enough to be able to vote . 
   tl ; dr : both spanish and catalan people are under a big manipulation ( actually , under a fight between two big manipulations ) . 
  so , let 's be clear here , do you think the vote should be * held * or not ? 
   also , spain is pausing important inversions in catalonia like the mediterranean corridor until this clears up . 
  that 's totally wrong . 
  they 're not `` pausing '' anything particularly now . 
  what you mention been paused forever ... it 's been held up for fucking * decades * . 
  furthermore , they 've recently been pushing for a nonsensical `` central corridor '' project instead . 
  thankfully , ** europe 's told them ** [ no fucking way ] ( http://www.catalannewsagency.com/politics/item/the-european-parliament-considers-the-mediterranean-railway-corridor-to-be-absolutely-imperative-and-crucial ) . 
  furthermore , the corridor is not all of it . 
  not a single km of railway has been put in place in catalonia for some 30 + years . 
  even when agreement had been reached with spain about infrastructures , it so happened that when it came to executing the budgets , they did n't . 
  so , really , your claim is is pretty silly . 
  either that or you 're just trolling . 
  please . 
   and how does that correlate with the pro-independence movement ? 
  my point exactly . 
  it bears no weight . 
  `` they 're just being manipulated ! '', 
  is a convenient wildcard . 
  catalan voters are adults , responsible for themselves and should be treated as such . 
  hold a vote , figure out what people want . 
  that 's all we 're asking . 
  just posing a question to the catalan people and getting their opinion . 
  it 's not even a referendum , it 's just an official poll to know the people 's actual opinion . 
  ( op title is all wrong , it 's 4 parties covering 2/3 of the seats in parliament , not just the government , and it 's a non-vinculant question , not a referendum . 
  on top of that , there 's 2 questions , not one . ) . 
  should independence happen to be the preferred option , what would happen would n't be an unilateral declaration of independence .
