  there 's no such thing . 
  the parents do get the choice , not the kids . 
  furthermore , it 's all paid with the taxes they extort from me and other atheists . 
  because of spanish law , we at catalonia ca n't do anything about religious instruction in schools . 
  what you see there is how many parents choose that option ( which essentially equals to institutionalized brainwashing ) , therefore it is a reflection on what spanish society thinks , by region , about letting people make their own choices rather than forcing a religion on them from infancy . 
  right now , these religious people from the southwest are still deciding things for us . 
  i 'll save the celebration for after we solve that problem . 
   any catalan law that they do not like . 
  that is , most catalan laws . 
  there 's just one scenario : catalonia votes . 
  the variable is how much it can be delayed . 
  and what happens afterwards will be determined mostly by the direction of that vote . 
  the direction of that vote is more likely to be independence the greater the delay , as catalan people wo n't quite enjoy being told they ca n't vote by the spain they 're considering to secede from . 
  once vote is held and if it turns out that the population wishes for independence , then catalonia will try real hard to negotiate it with spain . 
  if that fails , then there 'll be an unilateral declaration . 
  and spain can try and use force at any step along the way , but it ca n't hold catalonia forever against its population . 
  it has costs , economical and political , both nationally and internationally . 
   i do n't think you have proven they are unreasonable that is your narrative . 
  i 've tried . 
  however , assuming their interest is to keep catalonia from separating from spain , i would love to hear your thoughts on how delaying the poll is helping that cause in any way . 
   as times got worse in spain more people thought it could be better in just catalonia . 
  if times get better again it might go back again . 
  that 's one way to see it . 
  i 'm catalan , and i do n't see it that way . 
  i suggest as starting points for getting an idea of what 's going on : * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statute_of_autonomy_of_catalonia * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalonia_independence#recent_events for me , money was never part of the equation . 
  of course , i 'm sure some people might be all about that , but look at that demonstration in 2010 . 
  i 'm pretty confident that the one trigger that set things in motion was the insult of the constitutional tribunal destroying our estatut , ** after ** held to vote in a referendum in catalonia and passed . 
  this estatut was only put to vote by the catalan populace after much negotiation with the spanish government , during which it had been cut many times until it gained their explicit acceptance . 
   we all know what the goal of the people pushing for the vote . 
  you lost me somewhere . 
  to clarify what 's going on , people voted parties that built their electoral programs with the central idea of making this poll happen . 
  these parties now are over 2/3 of the catalan parliament , and are now simply doing their job as our representatives . 
   likely partly because it is far from a given that scotland will vote for independence . 
  that 's some interesting insight i agree with . 
  have a look at : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalonia_independence#studies_on_public_opinion it 's reasonable to think they 're afraid that the results of this vote we 'll hold one way or another wo n't be to their liking , and are taking all sorts of unreasonable actions to keep the actual numbers being known ; a losing battle , as i already explained . 
  so they 're hoping that the `` problem '' will just disappear by itself , which is pretty silly . 
  people just do n't take well to being told no to everything . 
  if they were cooperative , there 's a chance people would vote against . 
  but they 're not , and while it causes a delay , the independence position grows in public opinion as time advances . 
   ultimately , sovereignty of a land belongs to its people . 
  that 's pretty much what democracy is , at its core . 
  we 're just , as societies , delegating this power to representatives . 
   it is because this dismantling of states is not a given regardless of circumstances . 
  it 's not fair to talk about dismantling of states right now . 
  catalonia is trying to hold a vote simply to know what its populace does want , and that is all . 
  having stated this , we can now enter pure hypothetical territory , considering what might happen after this information is in our hands . 
  if it so happens they want independence , and if it so happens that they obtain this independence at some point , they wo n't be `` dismantling '' any state . 
  catalonia and spain do both have their own parliaments and other structures of state already . 
  none of the spanish ones are based in catalonia , and catalonia would only need to set up a few more to function as its own state . 
   ( the guardian says ) his position is backed by spain 's constitutional court , which ruled last month that a referendum in the powerful north-eastern region the guardian 's confused , just look at their headline , and compare it to the reality of what just happened ( which i explained on my post , the request to transfer a competency ) . 
  the spanish constitutional tribunal did rule on referendums ... but what catalonia is trying to do is n't ; we 're just trying to use the urns to obtain the populace 's opinion on the independence matter ; it has always been about opinion , not action . 
  for this to go anywhere either way , having this information on hand is necessary . 
  it 's unfortunate that the guardian ( a newspaper i read and like ) did such a poor job covering this . 
   i do n't think there is a case for you other then convincing the public in spain as a whole . 
  independence votes just do n't work like this . 
  look at the scotland case for an example . 
   that 's a gross simplification to the degree of blatant lie and you know it . 
  please explain where is there a lie on the statement you 've highlighted . 
  i 'll have to ask you to refrain from such destructive accusations , unless you 're prepared to back them up . 
   good luck i do n't think that will give you enough popularity to get a change in the constitution . 
  the constitution has never been the problem . 
  it provides the necessary flexibility for competencies to be transferred . 
  what catalonia asked for this time was for the competency to ask the population questions ( in order to know the population 's position on issues ) to be transferred to catalonia , in order to ask the populace whether they want to be independent or not , and finally know what their opinion in the matter is , beyond guessing from the results of polls and the attendance of demonstrations . 
  and this proposal , which came from a wide majority of the catalan parliament , in their responsibility to their electoral promise of holding an independence vote and the people that elected them to carry it out , has been insultingly rejected straight when made , thus not allowing for it to be processed , which would have meant discussion and negotiation . 
  in short , that 's what the `` dialogue '' the spanish government is supposedly offering amounts to . 
  nevertheless , we 're not surprised with this ; this sort of thing is one example in thousands why we find it hopeless for things to continue as they have been up to now . 
  the process continues . 
  we will exhaust every legal recourse for the vote to be held and the position of the catalan people on this issue known . 
  should the unthinkable happen and the 9th november vote not be held , elections will be , and pro-independence parties will position themselves in such manner that they 'll effectively substitute for such a poll . 
  if the popular support for independence is confirmed in the urns , we will start negotiations for independence . 
  ultimately , sovereignty of a land belongs to its people ... and the way spanish institutions are acting is n't exactly convincing these people that there 's any worth to being spanish . 
  nope , that 's why we 've been doing it peacefully and will continue to do so . 
  i expect the spanish end will hold to some minimums of democratic hygiene , but i ca n't be too sure about that . 
  we 're been preparing for many kinds of peaceful resistance , should it come to that . 
   the only way to separate is with the former country consent history anyone ? 
  most recent independences did n't have that consent ... 
  it reminds me of bankia ... horror . 
   let 's say your family joins a club or association in 1714 , after falling to extremely long ( 14 month ) cruel siege on barcelona , followed by pillaging and rape ? 
  i do n't quite accept that analogy ... 
  some background . 
  disclaimer : i 'm catalan . 
  the article goes :  under spain 's constitution a region `` can not unilaterally call a referendum on self-determination to decide on its integration in spain '' , according to a written summary of the ruling released by the constitutional court . 
  problem is , there 's no request for a referendum ( binding ) coming from catalonia . 
  catalonia has asked for something else entirely , that is , a consultation ( which is non-binding ) . 
  that 's completely legal and that 's spain 's government current nightmare . 
  what spanish government does n't want is for the actual numbers ( how much support independence really has ) to be known , no matter what , because they do n't like what the polls on the matter look like ( yes wins at least 2:1 ) . 
  and that 's a battle they ca n't win . 
  there 's nothing illegal about a consultation in the spanish framework . 
  even if somehow they actually manage to stop the consultation from happening by november 9 ( e.g. 
  : by sending the military to kidnap the urns ... what a joke ) , that would only delay things slightly . 
  the catalan can and will hold elections should that happen . 
  parties will then no doubt be organized as independence yes/no . 
  so what the catalan want will be known . 
  after that , i ca n't picture a scenario where the catalan want independence and do n't end up getting it , one way or another . 
  the different scenarios there have to do about how much democratic hygiene spain shows regarding the core principle of sovereignty belonging to the people , and how much the spanish populace and the world are willing to overlook whatever actions spain 's government does take against catalonia . 
  it 's just an opinion poll to know what the catalan want . 
  it 's not a referendum of independence . 
  and yet they want to censor that poll . 
  they do n't want to allow it to happen at all costs . 
  ouch .
