  that 's a good reason to avoid imgur i guess :o, 
  not really . 
  but look at madrid , there at the center of spain . 
  textbook example of pic that should be png , but stupidly is jpeg . 
   answering your question : no , i do n't see catalonia and scotland as a threat to eu . 
  quite the contrary - the more regions in europe will get their chance for self-determination , the better for eu . 
  absolutely agree . 
  only after that we can actually focus on eu . 
   belgium split and annexed by france , nl and de . 
  the fuck ? 
   southern ireland annexed by the uk . 
  ok , you 're trolling . 
   spanish constitution reinforced to ensure catalonia and basque country remain part of spain . 
  what nonsense is this ? 
  would n't it make more sense to try and convince these people rather than force them ? 
  full disclosure : catalan and favoring independence . 
   basically , any microstates that are n't viable should be annexed by the larger state . 
  who decides what 's viable ? 
  you do ? 
   1.5 milion people ( and by the organitzation 2 milion ) the human chain has been photographed from one end to the other . 
  the composite photo is being worked on by the anc , but once it 's released to the general public we will know the actual amount of people , which is much better than just playing with approximations , 
   oh god you 're right . 
  only the 45 % of the people do n't want the independence , let 's just ignore them , they are just a small group of people let 's have the referendum and then we 'll know whether it 's 45 % or some other amount . 
  that 's what we 're talking about , not hypothetic results . 
  it 's a non-binding referendum anyway , it 's pointless to have this discussion . 
   all the private and public tv channels put the king 's speech . 
  what 's the point of having channels in the first place ? 
  we handle it even better . 
  no tv . 
  tv is a plebeian thing . 
  ca n't upvote you enough . 
    you 're bringing some breaking news . 
  wait , not . 
  it 's just nonsense on your end . 
  really silly , too . 
   http://paralalibertad.org/mas-prepara-una-entesa-per-la-llibertat-para-irse-de-espana/ points 5,6 and 7 . 
   end of the discussion for lack of honesty of your part . 
  the article you 've linked , besides not being in english ( please ? 
  ) , is just an opinion article on some spanish newspaper ( el mundo ) . 
  they made up a `` route sheet '' with a series of steps that ciu would follow . 
  emphasis on made up . 
  this is nothing official coming from ciu or the like , but the opinion of whoever wrote the article . 
  those points 5,6,7 you refer to are just this , imagination which was stretched to the point of insanity , so is the rest of the article . 
  it was written a couple months ago , and the * facts * of what happened since then are already contrary to those guesses . 
   end of the discussion for lack of honesty of your part . 
  end of discussion on my end , for * actual * lack of honesty on yours . 
  you 've cited an opinion article * as factual * and pointed at specific guesses by the writer on what the intend of the president of catalonia is * as factual * . 
  it seldom ever gets more dishonest than this . 
  edit : he 's now linking to a [ story ] ( http://www.meneame.net/story/mas-prepara-entesa-per-llibertat-irse-espana ) in meneame built around his previous link . 
  meneame is a digg-like discussion website , also in spanish . 
  the story failed to get past moderation there , so it got discarded . 
   maybe the six steps about a how a flag covers the load ? 
  ara.cat is not a neutral newspaper . 
  do some research , if you did n't realize that . 
   no , ciu exists of two parties : cdc and udc ( talk about ignorance ) i evaluated it unnecessary to break them down into components , as they 've been running together for eons , and i 'm against adding complexity unless justify-able . 
  kiss philosophy . 
  our fellow redditors who are n't catalan or even spanish do n't need to know this to follow the conversation , and you 've really added nothing of value by bringing this detail up . 
   the other pro independence ( cdc ) . 
  that 's a very new development . 
  last year to be exact . 
  your description of cdc and udc is about the silliest i 've ever read or heard . 
  i am compelled to suggest some reading on jordi pujol , and the founding of cdc on the ideas of embracing spain and making spain better . 
  likewise , udc 's push for catalonia to have more autonomy is also new . 
   that 's why mas thinks about detonating ciu and have cdc form a coalition with erc . 
  you 're bringing some breaking news . 
  wait , not . 
  it 's just nonsense on your end . 
  really silly , too . 
  i have ( honest ) no clue how you came up to that conclusion . 
  i do n't see the slightest sign of a cdc/udc break , as in any new tensions between the two . 
  i do see , however , some fun bound to happen soon internally in psc ... their `` official '' stance * against the referendum * is something a good sector of that party is in disagreement with . 
   com ` on !, 
  you do n't know your history ? 
  the reason spain is full of nationalists , spanish or catalan-wise is because the fascists won the civil war . 
  nevermind our ( depressing to us , boring to most redditors outside spain who just want to get to the point ) past , why did the independence movement only rise when the new estatut d'autonomia was attacked in 2009-2010 ? 
  ( below )  oh , and they did so with help of the catalan bourgeoisie . 
  the same class that now wants independence because they see economic profit into it . 
  nonsense and already covered : it was no one no less than the attack on the estatut d'autonomia that , after being ok 'd by spain , the catalan voted for in a referendum in 2006 only to have it shot down in 2010 . 
  that is what did it . 
  try pulling that kind of bullshit on anybody anywhere and they 're not gon na be quiet and complacent about it . 
  more about events and their result in position of the catalan people [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1spuk9/catalonia_intends_to_vote_independence_from_spain/ce359ib ) . 
   you should also know that there are alternatives both nationalist , ... 
  i 'll admit i 've never voted ciu if that 's any comfort to you . 
  i 'll also add i have voted every time i 've been called to do so , and i 've never voted ppsoe either :p .  anti-nationalists ( and of course there are parties that claim to be the latter but are just a different kind of nationalists , spanish ones . 
  i should n't explain you that ) . 
  i 'll just call these spanish nationalists the anti-democracy group . 
  very appropriate considering how they 've handled the whole situation . 
  i 'm including the spanish `` socialists '' in that group , as they 're not doing it any better . 
   tldr : catalan politicians abuse a real wish of people ( to decide about their future ) , to get away with the corruption and the plain robbery . 
  awesome identity `` catalan politicians '' equals corrupt there . 
  i 'll give you some points for recognizing there 's a real wish from people to decide about their future . 
  i hope you 'll support holding the referendum , too . 
   the article is a nice propaganda pamphlet to fool the catalan voter that with ciu or erc paradise will happen on earth , after the creation of a new state ( the second bullet ) . 
  that 's absolute nonsense . 
  there 's no such promise anywhere , not in the link , which by the way is ultimately a collection of facts and not propaganda by any definition of the word , not am i aware there has been any such thing in any pro-referendum or pro-independence talk from these two parties . 
   if it were really for ciu ( mainly ) and erc ( secondary ) , you would have had a national front years ago , and the referendum would have taken place already . 
  nationalists have had always since 1978 the majority of seats in the catalan congress . 
  these ciu `` nationalists '' have always been totally pro-spain , ever since the party was founded on the very idea , and their voters have always been aware about that fact . 
  you 'd have to be terribly ignorant of catalan politics to think otherwise . 
  i take for a fact you 're either very young or not catalan .
