it could get complicated . 
  `` do you not want catalonia to not stay in spain ? '', 
  but i 'm pretty sure that wo n't happen . 
  and we 'll just go with yes-yes , 
  upvoted for the same reason :-), 
  yup . 
   asking the opinion on that matter to the population is illegal . 
  i disagree . 
  that 's just bullshit from the tc ... a really far-fetched , twisted interpretation of the constitution by a corrupt tc . 
  trying to pocket abstention to your side is the lowest you can go ... 
   taking each abstention as no . 
  ahem . 
  sure , both catalonia and the republican flag were only intended as examples , 
  it just does n't work for spain and catalonia . 
  in a spanish context , catalonia is four provinces and one `` autonomous community '' . 
  in a catalan context , catalonia does n't have provinces , but `` comarques '' and there 's a load of them , and they 're not even in any way aligned to the provinces . 
  then there 's the `` spanish republican flag '' ... that 's also being called a `` region '' of spain . 
  catalonia just got called a province :( suggestion : replace `` province '' with flag . 
  flag does the trick but it would work specially well with eg : spanish republican flag . 
   you ca n't ask for democracy to catalonia and not for barcelona , it 's hypocritical . 
  he is n't denying barcelona of democracy . 
  it 's just , this time , the vote is about the independence of catalonia , not barcelona . 
  and because it 's a democratic vote , all of catalonia gets to vote and all of catalonia respects the vote 's results . 
   why at ** same ** point ? 
  some , not same . 
  as per why , it 's because this time and in this hypothetical exercise you suggested , the vote is on catalonia , not barcelona . 
   if the results are catalonia 51 % yes and barcelona 51 % no then the rest of catalonia should respect the choice of barcelona . 
  because the vote is on catalonia , not barcelona , it is barcelona that should ( and would ) respect the majority of the territory that is holding a vote for its own independence . 
  and the following is a repeat of last post , because you left this question unanswered . 
   if we are going to listen to the people , we should make it right . 
  this is not about territories , about the will of the people . 
  you sound as if you have something really clever in mind . 
  what is it that you do suggest ? 
   barcelona decision of being part of spain or not should be his choice this hypothetical exercise , however , was a referendum about catalonia , where by your own argument , * catalonia decision of being part of spain or not should be his choice * . 
  perhaps barcelona might want to organize it 's own referendum of independence at some point ? 
  but , as i said , that 's unlikely in the hypothetical scenario you 've prepared for this exercise ( with a barcelona designated as pretty much evenly split ) . 
   if we are going to listen to the people , we should make it right . 
  this is not about territories , about the will of the people . 
  you sound as if you have something really clever in mind . 
  what is it that you do suggest ? 
   and why the rest of catalonia should decide the fate of barcelona ? 
  because , this time the referendum is about catalonia . 
  some other time it might be about barcelona , but this is a bridge we 'll cross when/if it actually happens , but that 's unlikely in the hypothetical scenario you 've prepared for this exercise ( with a barcelona designated as pretty much evenly split ) . 
   make no sense . 
  what 's so hard to understand about a simple majority vote ? 
   then what would happen if the referendum have 51 % yes in catalonia but 51 % no in barcelona ? 
  the referendum polls the whole of catalonia , and , while not binding , it 's not unlike the scotland one : simple majority . 
  that 's a yes victory . 
   it 's not the point if you 're worried about it or not . 
  reminder , it was all in response to :  it 's crucial to understand that seceding regions themselves would n't want a chunk of their own terroritory seceding if they had a say in the matter . 
  and no , i 'm not worried . 
  i 'd do like uk and allow a referendum just fine . 
   it could happen to you too . 
  seriously , i 'm not worried about it at all . 
   blackmail catalonia into giving up its secessionist ambitions , like by threatening to cut it from the eurozone and nato or block any future membership to european institutions . 
  they 've been doing this for a long time . 
  not much success in convincing anyone that way . 
   it 's crucial to understand that seceding regions themselves would n't want a chunk of their own terroritory seceding if they had a say in the matter . 
  say who ? 
   i mean , if they declare unilateral independence a lot of big cities have no-independence parties ruling ( tarragona , lleida for example ) . 
  96 % of municipalities have passed motions in support for the referendum . 
  they 'd respect its result . 
  and none has positioned against . 
  just so you know what you 're saying ( civil war in catalonia , seriously ? ), 
  is raw nonsense . 
  oh my god , spanish tv films some anonymous ( face covered ) people burning some flags !, 
  seriously ? 
  come on . 
   are the catalonians serious about calling for a referendum in six weeks ' time ? 
  because that 's certainly not adequate time to ensure a free and fair election . 
  they did n't come up with the date this week . 
  it has been agreed ( and the agreement has been public ) for a whole year by the pro-consultation parties comprising over 2/3 of the parliament , and elected precisely to carry out the consultation . 
  yup . 
  right now , i 'm more focused on supporting the consultation . 
  my vote intent just is n't as important  . 
  if/when it is fitting , i 'll switch flags . 
  i honestly hope i wo n't have to . 
   if he was a supporter of a catalonia within spain he 'd use the spanish flag or the senyera , which is the `` neutral '' catalan flag . 
  i 'm using that flag ( catalonia 's official flag ) , and it should n't be misinterpreted as me being a supporter of catalonia within spain or otherwise . 
  it 's just the official flag . 
  if you 're wondering , i 'm actually for independence . 
   erc wins and starts the process again there 's only one problem : for a few elections , erc has presented themselves as a yes vote , saying that if they win , they 'll declare independence ; unilaterally if need be . 
  that 'd not be `` restarting '' but advancing the process . 
   the spanish constitution states the bible states ... facts : * 2/3 of the catalan parliament is for having the consultation and those were the party positions during last elections . 
  this parliament has literally been elected to do that which it is doing . 
  * constitution was voted by the people from 36 years ago , my grandfathers 's vote , not mine or the people populating spain/catalonia now . 
  with a really unstable spain right after franco 's death , with no ( democratic ) alternative in sight . 
  on wrongness :  scenario 1  next election , erc wins and starts the process again erc presented themselves saying they 'd declare independence if they won for a few elections already . 
  a victory of erc is a victory of yes . 
   scenario 2 :  ` independencia ' wins  lots of blablablahh during years and probably nothing happens you think assamblea.cat , erc and the catalan population will accept it if ciu did that ? 
   scenario 3 : fun stuff indeed . 
   we 're transfering around the 8-9 % accounts for some 50 % of the taxes we 're paying . 
  it 's just insane . 
  that 'd be convenient . 
  at the very least , the world would clearly understand we 're not in spain willingly . 
   the region of catalonia is voting to become an independent nation . 
  incorrect . 
  it 's a non-binding vote . 
  it just asks people two questions about what they believe catalonia should be . 
   as a spaniard i believe that if catalonia is made its own country both catalonia and spain will hurt .
