  self preservation . 
  nobody in their right mind would vote against , and become a target . 
  carrots used to be purple . 
  dutch farmers bred them till they became orange in honour of our royal house . 
  we do n't sell coffee in coffeeshops ... 
   the amount of media coverage when queen beatrix of the netherlands retired and passed the job on to her son was beyond ridiculous . 
  the next german empire will be under the lowlanders instead of the prussians/austrians/whatever !, 
  will that end in denmark taking sweden in a personal union again ? 
  kinda . 
  the goverment used to own the rail network , but for some retarded reason decided that the operator should be privatized . 
  the managment of the network was given to a private company that `` leases '' out the right to use ( parts of ) the network . 
  s. ... swing ?!? 
  proper swords are made for stabbing , just like the romans thought you . 
  i know de molen , though that particulair one , hell & verdoemenis is the one i 've never heard of . 
  did not know that , should go there some time . 
  never even heard of them ... 
  well , that works for me . 
  [ how about this guy ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl_habsburg-lothringen ), 
  the habsburg . 
  they were everywhere . 
  it used to be larger ... 
  you 'll have to vote for france then i guess . 
  well , most of those countries have been raped by the turks at some point ... 
   stockholm city council to introuce `` gender aware snow removal '' . 
  by removing the snow from bussstops , daycare centers , and bikebaths . 
  before roads and industry get their snow removed . 
  because men are over represented in the driving pool so cleaning roads is a manifestation of the patriarchy . 
  i. . . what ? 
  when putin was president , the president was in charge , when putin was prime minister , the prime minister was in charge . 
  this video is old as shit . 
  happy saturnalia . 
  let me tell you about willem iii , who planted his dutch ass on the english throne . 
   gargantuan designer suitcase on red square riles russians jesus , how drunk was the one that decided that looked good ? 
  ours were not british , that might have helped . 
  icelandic is more closely related to old norse than modern norwegian . 
  oh god , they 're planning on reforming the german empire . 
  i have a feeling i missed something important ... can anybody explain to me why ... 
  well , we have the brits to blame for that one . 
  no idea why you would willingly do that . 
  ^ i 'll ^ see ^ myself ^ out ^ now, 
  ** the netherlands ** nothing happened . 
  we love you , but seriously , your goverment is worse than ours ... 
  why ? 
  our language sounds even less elegant than german . 
  iceland . 
  eating hakarl was hillarious . 
  glory to grandfather nurgle !, 
  the roman aquila ? 
  golden dawn is a terrorist group ? 
  roger that mate . 
  i kinda support the russians in this ...  following amsterdam 's announcement that it 's taking legal action against moscow . 
  that should be ` the hague 's ', 
  give it a few days . 
  dear israel , hahahahahahaha yours truely , humans . 
  wait , jupiler and stella are bad beers now ? 
  euroshopper still exists , though i believe it 's supposed to be changed to ah basic soon \u2122 the ah pils is pretty decent though . 
  get the icelanders to bring some h\u00e1karl will you . 
  these days the monarch does n't really sign the laws anymore . 
  that job is left to the vice chairman of the eerste kamer . 
  could be worse , could be romney . 
   marihuana is legalized . 
  ( i just had to mention that one . ), 
  nope , just not cared about enough . 
  officially still a crime, 
  there are a couple of `` nobility clubs/orders '' . 
  though nobody really recalls their names . 
  ( i recall reading about them , but beyond that nothing . 
  ca n't find them either . ), 
   whose new king recently declared an essential end to the welfare state . 
  it should be noted that the king legally has no ( political ) power , and opinion . 
  the declaration was writen by the ministers , and he was only allowed to present it . 
  it goes as far as to when the monarch gives a political opinion , it is considered a political crisis , as he/she has overstepped their bounds . 
  everytime he/she intends to give a speech to the people it has to be checked , and double checked by the prime ministers office ( department of common affairs ), 
  haha , no . 
  i work in a super market , and i still need to do a double check because my mind flags them as fake the moment i see them . 
  indeed , ours only take coins : /, 
   feel free to ask questions about the netherlands here , enough dutchies in / r/europe [ 6 ]  shhhh , you 'll blow our cover . 
  [ we all have soemthing orange close to our hearts ] ( https://i.imgur.com/g7tunaf.jpg ), 
  well , germany ( and before that prussia ) was the good neighbor that always protected us from the french . 
  those god damn ideas of them give them morale , discipline , and manpower . 
  finishing the 100 years war gives them army tradition and manpower . 
  god damn juggernauts, 
  as a dutch citizen the only proper answer to me is to just build new god damn land . 
  only then can you build a nice capital . 
  failing that , most likely somewhere in lothringen, 
   the history of cheese predates recorded history https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_cheese editing wiki page to show that the dutch invented cheese . 
  you could have crawled faster than that ... 
  brittania rules the waves , but the waves exist because we allow it . 
  would you look at that , more motivation to do it !, 
  we did that before . 
  in our attempt to bring england to dutch standards we bankrupted our country ( and made * them * relevant internationally . ), 
  lets not do that again . 
  stupid backwater island . 
  with a small strip given to flanders to make sure we do n't have to share a border with england . 
  a land border with england ? 
  flanders , your territories are to be extended . 
  even before ww2 the dutch and germans got along great . 
  and they were always willing to help us when the french decided to be aggressive again . 
  england is pretty much a swamp , not sure about the rest of the uk,
