  * buys gold bullion * / s, 
  i mean ... is it really that rare for the people to cheer their cops on . 
  indeed . 
  it 's been years since we had a good war/population cull . 
  not the trash that americans call peanutbutter though . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iaeuwhvi2y the song itself . 
  leave that to the dutch . 
  we want that swamp island back . 
  we have their navy already . 
  they ca n't run now !, 
  ( they have our air force though , might be a slight delay in the assault ), 
  the borders between the netherlands , belgium , and luxembourg have been a non-issue since 1944 to be exact . 
  you can stash like ... 50 of them in there . 
  easy there . 
  such water engineering is our domain . 
  `` you do n't give people what they want , you give them what 's good for them ! '', 
  the housing market in amsterdam is almost as bad as london . 
  they should not be whitewashed . 
  the reign of terror is right up there with the holocaust , the stalin purges , unit 731 , nagasaki/hiroshima , the firebombing of dresden and cromwell etc. 
  the question now is ; is this a `` normal '' `` the president went too far and the secular armed forces had to step in again '' , or is this going to cause hell . 
  ( i doubt it 's the former , but still ), 
  damn it , i do ** not ** feel like sailing up the medway this year . 
  please keep such trolling for next year . 
  may is playing games with something as serious as this ... 
   so the netherlands and france get a +1 border on the carribean island of saint martin technically sint maarten ( saint martin ) is a different country . 
  yes !, 
  we 're officially a medium sized country now !, 
  there is nothing forcing the goverment to even accept it . 
  it was an advisory referendum , the turnout was below 40 % , and the people voting did n't even know what they were voting on . 
  like that will ever happen . 
  that used to be the case for us until maybe 2 years ago . 
  then some politicians decided that they could score a few brownie points by backing a law that allows for ( advisory ) referendums . 
   i was pissed off with the establishment and this was a complaint vote now remember that in a democracy the vote of such a person is worth just as much as a vote from somebody that is n't stupid ... 
  i just want to interject here and say that dutch polls are notoriously inaccurate . 
  it 's always either the pvv or the socialist party that scores the highest in the polls simply because they have the most ... . activist ( ? ), 
  members . 
  in the actual elections they always end behind the other parties . 
  the fourth crusade ... 
  next time just ask man . 
  unlike belgium we 'll let you through . 
  brb , calling my old buddy w\u014ddan, 
  well , either them or serbia/russia depending on who you ask, 
  the western part was mostly sitting around in trenches cooking in they own waste ( slightly exaggerated of course ) with sometimes something like verdun happening . 
  the eastern part however was a war of constant motion . 
  fortress after fortress would fall , and be retaken the next week . 
  right now a hundred years ago the brusilov offensive broke the back of austria , and forced germany to halt at verdun . 
  actually , have a look at the guys of the great war https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plb2vhkmbjsxmk8yelhj6vs6w3kxuksmvt, 
  more suprised that the interesting parts of the war ( the east ) will apparantly not even be there . 
  everybody is right there with you . 
  friday 10 june and saturday 11 june from 0900 to 1700 at vliegbasis leeuwarden ( leeuwarden airbase ) https://www.google.nl/maps/place/vliegbasis+leeuwarden/@53.299861,5.8044437,9.75z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x47c8fdbb637875d7:0xa9e13ee2995443a7!8m2!3d53.2283119!4d5.7600848 i believe they got those big yellow signs for cars to give directions , and they have put up a direct busroute from the train station in leeuwarden, 
  there are airshows on friday and saturday as part of the luchtmacht dagen ( airforce days ) https://www.defensie.nl/onderwerpen/luchtmachtdagen/inhoud/vliegshow ( in dutch ) this was the team involved afaik https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patrouille_suisse, 
  commercial or insulting use of the swiss flag or the cross of geneva ( the red cross ) is illegal , punishable by one month imprisonment or a fine up to $ 4100 . 
  his way of saying that no matter what , he 'll be more manly than any other . 
   bruxelles is also french speaking can you frenchies please stop infecting civilized regions . 
  almost as bad as the english , and their language is only fit for the fields and mines . 
  a 630g jar ( because using round numbers is not fun ) ) is between $ 3.56 and $ 3.79, 
  cease-fires are a bitch . 
  in other news , his arrest was most likely recorded by reporters tagging along with the dsi . 
  it 's in dutch though . 
  if i understand the wikipage right ( and it 's unclear as hell ) the boroughs essentially did things on their own after thatcher 's goverment abolished the greater london council . 
  in 2000 they put a new structure in place giving them a top-level authority ( greater london authority ), 
  how on earth do you want to cram more trains on the already crowded rails ... 
  yes , that $ 1.50 / year really is a downer ... / s, 
  belgium had like 5 others to pick up the slack though, 
  if you read the entire thing you actually get context for it . 
  indeed , voter turnout is suprising . 
  * stereotypical dutch person on * what ? 
  you going to waste money on things you 're going to use once every two years ? 
  pff . . * stereotypical dutch person off *, 
  nobody is forced to vote there . 
  there are multiple points in every municipality where one can vote . 
  most likely their partnership with the vvd in the last coalition . 
  curiously those voters did n't go to the sp , but were split amongst the other parties . 
  true , but even cloudflare has it 's limits . 
  the best infosec guys in the world ca n't protect you from enough data traffic . 
  shhh , operation `` revenge for 1672 '' is commencing as planned . 
  pff , we are part of the inner six . 
  gib more seats pls . 
  sweet jesus that site makes disconnect and script blockers go crazy ... 
  ca n't even watch their own colonies . 
  god damn it . 
  / u/hemegeri asked for things beside the witcher ... 
  praise the dark gods !, 
  more than amsterdam was ruined ... 
   annex suriname anything to get rid of bouterse ... 
  mate , you do n't get rich by wasting money on useless things like taste . 
  yes , they were in fact gives back to the allies . 
  in the form of bullets mostly , but they were given back . 
  the roman ruling class spoke greek as their diplomatic language , so yeah . 
  ca n't be worse than french . 
  the king with the best hats . 
  orange , after the city ( principality ) in france which is where the dynasty hails from . 
  nassau , after the town ( county ) in germany which was a holding of the dynasty . 
  i believe he also still flies for klm cityhopper . 
  butthurt republican itt, 
  wait a minute ... gw is advancing the story : u, 
  pff , as if a proper son of vulkan would follow that greek nerd called guilliman . 
   you were invaded by france , britain , and germany , right ? 
  yup , het rampjaar ( disaster year ) . 
  france , england , munster , cologne , and sweden .
