  in most eu countries the state guarantees a minimum retirement scheme and most companies transparently invest in a complementary retirement fund , and there is no oversight needed from your side ( unless/until you change jobs and want to coalesce retirement schemes , but even this is not required and relatively unusual ) . 
   on the other hand , fuck our pension funds . 
  i 'd rather invest that money myself ( accepting the higher risk ), 
  ugh , get out of here with your terrible british measurements . 
  we 'll take london for now . 
  we can negotiate for the rest later . 
  we also uplifted england from some shithole island to something relevant , bankrupting ourselves in the process , because god damn it you twats deserved to be civilized . 
  and then your retarded as fuck succession laws caused you to break away . 
  gavelkind , not even once . 
  stupid island frogs . 
  put in a request to the benelux parlement , which apparantly exists ... 
  nobody was willing to buy their bonds . 
  investors did n't want the risk even with the rising interest rate . 
  deficits `` do n't matter '' as long as people are willing to lend you money . 
  ( in the case of a country that means buying their bonds . ), 
  if the trust goes down , the interest rate goes up , if trust goes up , interest rate goes down . 
  ( germany and netherlands among others are borrowing money at negative rates . ), 
  that is why the usa keeps on spending , their bonds are considered `` safe '' , and people will buy their bonds faster than they issue them . 
  this is overly simplified of course . 
  is suprise blue , white , or red ? 
  and now the french arrogance knows no bounds . 
  this is your fault . 
  atleast during napoleon 's time we all fought to good fight against them, 
  their bike lanes are good enough , no need to hate . 
  nsfd ( not safe for dutch/danes . ), 
  well , yes . 
  it 's a lot of `` dead space '' though . 
  [ only the best of things ] ( http://www.unilever.nl/images/pindakaas-2-450x450_tcm164-313249.jpg ) [ lots of it ] ( https://gegrom.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/pindakaasmg_0635.jpg ), 
  found the unciv . 
  since when do the dutch get to be on the top of such a tree ... 
  this feels weird ... help ? 
  not completely up to date , but it gets the job done . 
  germany and belgium . 
  we do n't do favourites . 
  least liked neighbour ... venezuela ... we fully expect a migrant crisis up there . 
  oh , get over yourself . 
  why thank you . 
  centuries of research by my family have led us to this moment . 
  we have finally identified the source of all problems . 
  goddess willing , the world will fully switch from terrible french wine and habits to what the children of europe demand ... nay , require . 
  proper germanic influences , for a better tomorrow !, 
  countries that produce beer go up , countries that produce olives/olive oil go down . 
  i 'm starting to support expanding the power of the monarchy . 
  people elected by idiotic voters need a couterweight , as said elected people are usually only interested in maintaining their power . 
  luxembourg abolished the `` salian law '' in 1912 . 
  some 20 years after refusing wilhelmina, 
  hey now , we want our winter capital back !, 
  [ the immortal emperor of mankind has taken measures for such things . 
  ] ( http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/dragon_of_mars ), 
   because breakfast and lunch are the same every day . 
  welcome to the netherlands . 
  shit , i 've paid through the nose for hotels worse than that . 
  we are worse than germans , but atleast we 're better than the english . 
   moltke , what were you thinking ?!, 
  he was still drunk and thought he might repeat the franco-prussian war ? 
  on the other hand , germany was teabagging italy , england , france and russia at the same time , while carrying a-h on their back . 
  of course , ca n't give a title to a peasant penguin right . 
  the amount of times people make the netherlands orange is strangly pleasing to me . 
  i think you mean shitty germany . 
  do n't start please . 
  ameland still thinks it 's a pirate stronghold . 
  weird islanders . 
  seriously , even the fucking slm looks good compared to them now . 
  :|  fuck lil kleine though , comes across as a little shit head imo yes he is . 
  is that the father of daniel radcliffe or something ? 
  germany . 
  whenever french or british looks our way most of the german states swung their dick around to help us with either austria or ( usually ) prussia leading the way . 
  ( except for bayern , you 're a bunch frenchies anyway ) we had a good thing going with them untill the end of wwi, 
  and we 're getting part of the german navy . 
  we already have part of the belgian navy . 
  feel like adding to our collection, 
  prussia help , france is looking at us again . 
  m\u00fcnster might go betray us again . 
  and germans liberated us from the french . . 
  we bankrupted our country to make your swamp island relevant and bring it up to dutch standards : /, 
  [ it 's still there ... 
  somewhat . 
  the surrender came after rotterdam was bombed to the ground , and they threatened to bomb other cities as well . 
  continuing the fine english war tradition of hiding behind real men and women like the scots and indians . 
  instead of drunk tourists you get drunk students !, 
  suriname has a lot of indiginous languages , but dutch is the language of goverment and education ( with influences from the creole languages ) . 
  democracy will always lead to idiocracy . 
  because that is how democracies work . 
  the people shouting the most outragous things are going to win . 
  did n't they do that not even two hours after the official results came out ? 
  i. ... source ? 
  relax mate , it 's just a joke . 
  just when you think you 've hit rock bottom they put you in the same group as france and england . 
  anybody wants some old people ? 
  you can have them for free !, 
  you can keep your sun . 
  you can have the rain for * shudder * free . 
  what exactly is `` trust '' here ? 
  i mean , i trust the dutch military to continue in its current roles ( advisory/training roles in mali , peacekeeping , support bombardment , and anti-piracy ) and do them competently . 
  much more than that however . 
  ( well , the kct can most likely be trusted to do that and more . ), 
  in the netherlands we have two distinct things that resemble seasons . 
  1 ; the days where it 's 15c on average and it 's too damned cold . 
  2 ; the days where it 's 15.1 c on average and it 's too damned hot . 
  * blinks * the end is here , willem save us .
