  even the other left-wingers shy away from him . 
  that is also a case of failure , because his mental problems were known , but his licence was n't revoked ,, 
  suprise restoration of the k\u00f6nigreich b\u00f6hmen imminent . 
  heineken owns a lot of brands though . 
  their `` own '' beer is okay at best . 
  wait , we still have four episodes of dijsselbloem charging up his ~ ~ kamehameha ~ ~ response . 
  we 're special snowflakes again ... 
  nationalists are one step below patriots , and two steps below absolutely fucking retarded . 
  neither does aldi apparantly , but the people wo n't care because `` cheap shit '', 
  not even for the greater good . 
  turk land , dutch land , brit land , etc , etc , etc. 
  just a way of speaking . 
   dutch merchants also started bringing their ships into the white sea from the 1560s . 
  scottish and english merchants also traded in the 16th century ; however , by the 17th century it was mainly the dutch that sailed to the white sea area . 
  lmao . 
  it was n't incompetence , they racked up the debt by `` cooking the books '' . 
  they knew exactly what the fuck they were doing , and it took one honest person to cause the collapse . 
  they only started one ... 
  temp outside is higher than inside ( without wind ) , so by opening the windows you allow heat to come in . 
  the weather in parts of fucking turk land is cooler than ours . 
  god is real , and he 's punishing us for not drowning . 
  no sub named dolphin , no real subs . 
  britannia rules the waves , the dutch rule the seas . 
  isis versus the mob ? 
   if you were still thinking about getting that $ 2.5 waterloo coin , to bad it is sold out . 
  god damn it . 
  danzig or war !, 
  the netherlands will either construct a mighty dome so that we may fulill our destiny as netherlantis , or we will drown . 
   your value to society is determined by your potential usefullness i should probably stop talking before somebody calls me a eugenica again . 
  america funding the taliban again ? 
  is this french bullshit seriously going to spread like this now ? 
  come at us bro . 
  proper migrant control means dumping them all into magma right ? 
  just like you handle babies . 
  just another friday . 
  george friedrich is watching form the shadows waiting for his chance . 
  less than 15k invested at this point . 
  dividends kicked off by the funds have untill now been higher than the losses on the funds themselves . 
  3 % -5 % average, 
  quite a difference from the previous english stance of `` europe should never unite '', 
  my portfolio is about 70 % efts , 30 % individual stocks . 
  thinking about phasing out the efts . 
  physical over paper . 
  it 's even worse than his last movie , which was just a weird powerpoint . 
  does your employer pay part of it , or is it just some weird thing ? 
  they were reffering to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archduke_franz_ferdinand_of_austria#assassination, 
  but we have that anyway in the benelux area , so that would hardly be a change, 
  have you ever noticed that the higher the education of somebody the more they approve of dictatorships ? 
  this happens to be a picture from the dutch caribbean  . < shit still applies . 
  i swear to god i 'll shank you !, 
  [ see this pink/orange thing ] ( http://www.zonnigzeezicht.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/fietspad-bonaire-1.jpg ) ? 
  do n't you fucking dare stand on it . 
  they did n't actually annex belgium in ww1 . 
  guess the german blitzkrieg completely broke brazil . 
  good god serbia . 
  brexit was a term used for britain leaving the union , not them leaving the euro . 
  why ? 
  in ww1 all countries went full retard . 
  this is remembering the battle that finally broke french aggression against the germans/dutch . 
  temporary atleast . 
  and napoleon got rid of louis for it too ... 
  yeah , he 's not half as cool as his brother louise , who he got rid of because he cared about the people too much . 
  the dutch gulden had been pegged to the d-mark for a few decades prior to the euro , so not really no . 
  the imagery was nice though . 
  edit ; on the other hand , fuck cash forever . 
  it 's just annoying , and belongs in collections . 
  where can your northern brother get one of these ? 
  at the time everything from holland all the way to fucking ostpreussen and austria identified as a `` german '' . 
  i fully agree . 
  princip did kill the only person opposing war . 
  germany did n't even bother to veto it when france gave out d-day coins . 
  they knew it was retarded . 
  just in time for waterloo day, 
  i 'm going to plug these guys here for the people that like history [ the great war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/thegreatwar/featured ) [ the playlist of all their vids ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plb2vhkmbjsxmk8yelhj6vs6w3kxuksmvt ), 
   i expected amsterdam to be fun . 
  it really , really was n't . 
  unless you 're a pot smoker or a `` hoerenloper '' amsterdam is pretty much the shithole of the netherlands . 
  edit ; alright , the museums are great . 
  do n't you want to watch 6 filler episodes untill greece declares war on turkey to reclaim their former capital . 
  good source . 
  if it ever showed up again it would of course be dutch clay . 
  they are all over the place . 
  they want to restore the dutch republic , but apparantly nobody told them/they deny that it was a crowned republic ... 
  the states general was a place where the nobles/patricians got together to discuss how their lands could be ruled the best . 
  you already get more euromonies than greece . 
  can they take our republicans too . 
  they like to provoke the police though , but i 'm sure you can handle that . 
  of course . 
  le pen makes less sense than wilders , which is hillarious . 
  can we go pacify the south again ? 
  no thanks . 
  my wrists hurt enough already . 
  hey now , no facts allowed . 
  please return to your daily circlejerk . 
   the english replaced napoleon 's chosen ruler napoleon had actually already gotten rid of his brother ( king lodewijk ) before the war ended , and fully annexed the lowlands . 
  ( as opposed to it being a client state . ), 
  lodewijk cared about the people too much for napoleons liking . 
  the oranjes were hugely popular at the time , even though the dynasty was `` in danger '' multiple times . 
  adding the former habsburg netherlands to the principality of holland was a terrible move , but hindsight is 20/20 , and prussia , austria , and england would be damned to give it to eachother . 
  a rich microstate that kicked the combined french-english fleet 6 ways to sunday with converted merchant ships,
