  `` god damn it , we just got rid of poland too . '', 
  that did n't happen ... 
  johan de witt . 
  keep up this pro-french/english stance , and they will invade you . 
  listen to the fucking prince of oranje , and become pro-german . 
  yes he did . 
  his entire segment was hillarious . 
  `` hello ! , mother russia is here '', 
  the world does n't work that way mate . 
  i honestly do n't see the problem . 
  with w-a that is , he 's no frederik , but he 's not that bad . 
  franco-dutch war spanish war of succession and kicking napoleon in the balls during the waterloo campaign of course . 
  maybe ... . . 
  if anything it 's the perfect time to restore the dutch-prussian alliance . 
   this is of course not true when germany or france backstabs us http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/johan_de_witt#landleger_verwaarloosd history will repeat itself , eyes to the south . 
  the last time the army was in this state the frogs decided to invade , and it led to a lynching of the de witt brothers , and more power for the oranje dynasty ... 
  it 's not like those bother with tourism . 
  hell , from zoetermeer it takes 15 minutes to get the the hague , 20 to get to rotterdam . 
  from almere less than 30 minutes to get to amsterdam . 
  it would be pretty useless to set up tourist things in those cities . 
  do not walk on them . 
  never ever walk on them . 
  nothing will make you as universally reviled as walking on the bicycle paths . 
  only one person in france was cool , and it was n't napoleon but his brother louis . 
  nationalism did become kind of a faux pas after the nazis . 
  shit , that 's awesome . 
  the habsburg line never died out , . 
  hamlet was pretty bad though . 
  time to champion the greater netherlands cause . 
  suriname and south africa are invited . 
  there is so much wrong with that statement i do n't even know where to start ... 
  we can all agree that german is a better language . 
  is that one still there though . 
  also take away all support the locals might have had for us . 
  what could possibly go wrong . 
  shopping carts and low intelligence . 
  no , just no . 
  does striking in france even have any meaning left to it ... 
  too much frenchies in brussels :p, 
  [ semi-relevant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_last_ringbearer ), 
   you started out as a republic a crowned republic . 
  this would honestly not suprise me . 
  the problem of a multi-party state i guess . 
  you have to meet the other parties halfway , so not all promises can be kept . 
  ( granted , belgium seemed to function better without a federal gov , though somebody can correct me on that . ), 
  a good chunk of those teritories are n't even `` diets '' anymore . 
  hell , suriname is more `` german '' than ostpreussen these days . 
  i 'm sure we can convince his majesty to become a stadhouder again . 
  the two dynasties have been allied ever since willem i of the netherlands and wilhelmina of prussia married . 
  oranje and hohenzollern together again . 
  the first step in reuniting the united kingdom of the netherlands . 
  thank god cash is rounded to $ 0.05 here . 
  i hate cash in general , and bring it to the bank when i got a lot of it . 
  more like , that nobody wants to admit a plan like that that exists . 
  once there is emergency/exit plan the media would blow it up , and you might as well dissolve the union right there . 
  heh , the dutch have that problem . 
  if you more than the first two stanzas you are obviously a spy . 
  it 's quite different . 
  it got inflenced by the local languages a lot . 
  there is a decent one . 
  i think a bit less than 20 % of the people also identify as hindu . 
  yes , and it 's pretty terrible . 
  i intentionally went with it to make brits cringe . 
  i speak ; * dutch * english * dunglish * sranan * little bit of hindi want to improve * german ; my german seriously sounds worse than a frog speaking german, 
  good things grow out of the benelux . 
  yeah , but they are ( apparantly ) not in on this deal . 
  of course , his majesty wants his winter capital back . 
  2 countries that are generally the forerunners of the eec and the eu, 
  because is was n't disclosed . 
  they are not allowed to have other jobs unless aproved . 
  as long as it 's a legal job it will generally be aproved . 
  being a sex worker should not be a problem . 
  heretic, 
   netherlands : they speak sort-of-german and are not that different . 
  but i do n't want to give up the football rivalry . 
  out . 
  we can keep that going man , east vs west . 
  merge the benelux back into what it used to be , and join with germany ,, 
  will hijack your browsing with adds , and randomly rearrange pages according to some weird algorithm . 
  blasphemy is indeed godslastering . 
  the law was not even enforced , so we did n't bother repealing it until the sgp started pulling shit . 
  most `` young adults '' simply ca n't afford to have childeren . 
  add to that medicine that keeps getting better , so people keep getting older ... yeah , the problems are slightly bigger than that . 
  you know you want to !, 
  unite the crowns once more . 
  are you saying that brits do n't draw shitty borders ? 
  do n't worry , nothing important happens in amsterdam . 
  it 's only 15 or so tanks , but the landmacht hardly acts as an invasion force, 
  we still have tanks active . 
  not all of them were sold . 
  how exactly do you propose moving that ... 
  shit 's been crazy since the eu stole him . 
  some titles might not have a female form . 
  for the dutch monarchy , we 've had 3 queens in a row , but that title officially does n't exist , they were known as kings . 
  crowned republic ( also see the serene republic of venice ), 
  wow , the united kingdom might be gone , we 're not letting them suffer under the french . 
  french support . 
  [ well , this guy is still around ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/georg_friedrich_prinz_von_preu%c3%9fen ), 
  atleast they did n't start the war . 
  god damn serbia,
