  we might as well have pissed on them . 
  it would have earned us more :p, 
  now if you hurry up and place the seebataillon under our command already . 
  we 're just better merchants . 
  got a link for that ? 
  all i can find is they refuse support . 
  spend about 2 hours on a gun range with an h&k usp . 
  i can see the appeal as a sport , but it 's not for me . 
  got a couple of friends that like to shoot on a range when they 're pissed off at something . 
  we have pretty strict gun laws , and i like it that way . 
  [ even though they sometimes fail . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alphen_aan_den_rijn_shopping_mall_shooting ), 
   although the policy u-turn was implemented with alarming efficiency by police something something german efficiency . 
  as with many things , it depends . 
  destroyers are usually escorts , frigates/cruisers are swiss knives , battleclass are a type of destroyers made for the british/australian navy as far as i can find . 
  super destroyer is a ( as far as i can tell ) term for big destroyers . 
  ( i could only find 5 hull types ), 
  frog please . 
  are you still upset about willem ii ? 
  ever ate h\u00e1karl ? 
  a developer challenged me to eat it . 
  my life flashed before my eyes due to the smell . 
  taste was n't bad . 
  roads are instant-civilisation . 
  lets be honest . 
  there is a reason the nobles in england spoke french . 
  english is an abomination of a language that makes dutch sound good . 
  good man . 
  and never forget that we own the seas . 
  it 's goose stepping , not goat stepping !, 
  relax island frenchie , you 'll get your own chance to insult the mainland frenchies yet . 
  friesland , where you at bro ? 
  neutrality does n't work for us , too close to the french . 
  [ read and weep , for none shall reach such splendor again . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_hussars ), 
  it 's only an nco luckly . 
  he wo n't know anything isis does n't know already . 
  rumours always happen . 
  with the school hostage thing with the mollucans the crisis team arranged for food to be send for the hostages . 
  a lot of the childeren got sick , and people claimed the marines intentionally put weak poisons in the food to get the kids out . 
  they let a lot of the sick go . 
  i think norway still pulls ahead of us . 
  theirs are newer than ours . 
  got ta find the source though , so do n't quote me on it . 
  already setting up a nv . 
  want to buy in ? 
  if you 're buying , we 're selling/renting it out . . 
  it 's also almost double the dutch minimum wage ( 18.000 )  . <, 
  yes, 
  they switched flevoland and the ijselmeer, 
  brits are n't exactly known for their honour . 
  indeed . 
  the proper term is island frog . 
  everybody knows brits do n't honour their own deals . 
  i 'm trying very hard to find a reason not to aplaud the the danes . 
   including that of the international court in den haag [ they even went out of their way to do the opposite . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_service-members%27_protection_act ), 
  if you ca n't get up after falling from your bike you are stripped of your citizenship . 
  / s we grow up riding bikes ( and falling with them ), 
  we have proper cycling infra , . 
  oh no , the paris twats are on an entirely different scale . 
  english is an abomination of a language . 
  it makes dutch sound graceful : ork :, 
  we are rude , and we hide it by claiming we are merely direct . 
  i mean , there is direct , there is rude , and than there is dutch . 
  smoking weed is something only tourists do though . 
  11 million ? 
  in that age ? 
  pretty sure it was supposed to be temp . 
  nobody liked willem i , and atleast the south liked willem ii a bit . 
  the person that made up the term `` participatie maatschapij '' should suffer the fate of the de witt brothers . 
  well , his son was reasonably well liked . 
  he was also preferred down south iirc . 
  he actually came with a plan to split the kingdom , have the king rule the north , and have the heir rule the south . 
   having a promise of protection from the british and general good relations/neutrality with germany made us invest nothing in the army for decades what makes is worse is that it was a repeat of the hollandse oorlog . 
  `` no need to fund the army , the navy can keep the english at bay and oh my god the french are invading '', 
  in your defence , they had a german in command . 
  the winged hussars did n't just look badass . 
  they were without a doubt the best cavalry in europe . 
  willem i is universally considered an ass even by dutch monarchists . 
  something something mount scerery, 
  the republic started with the red-white-blue , but somewhere along the way ( very early ) the red was switched with orange . 
  the french imposed the red on us again when they oppressed us . 
  historically speaking , it 's the other way around . 
  france flipped the old flag of the dutch republic . 
  the german states did . 
  they are our swamps thank you very much . 
  please , even if both your parents are born in the netherlands you 're an allochtoon . 
  i think with a bit of effort we can usually get the gist of what is being said . 
  it depends ... we still kinda want to drain the sea between us and england for more lebensclay . 
  if you start pouring concrete it might cause us to actually do it . 
  frogs and island frogs fighting interests nobody really . 
  their skill at building fortifications has certainly detoriated though, 
  well , guess having some of the most important/busiest ports of europe is pretty good for us ... 
  i took personal offence to the negerzoen being renamed . 
  and always be right . 
  the other person would have a 50/50 chance , but i would always win . 
  so that means all patriot batteries ( netherlands , germany , us ) are/will be out now right ? 
  edit ; seems spain has patriot launchers there . 
  you just described ever football fanclub ever ...
