  efficiency at all cost . 
  metal bodies mandatory . 
  well , if you insist , we 'll take this land . 
  we should build a giant computer to make decisions for us . 
  efficiency at all cost . 
  much like the netherlands it 's a country , but not a sovereign state . 
  namekians more like it . 
  i bet they pray to nail . 
  i. ... . . that is pretty interesting actually . 
  that war had everybody pulling an italy . 
  ca n't we give them the british islands . 
  that area is hardly civilized , so the polish will bring culture . 
  i 'll take solace in the fact that we 're not as bad as ireland , cyprus , or the uk . 
  ( i do n't deny that we 're a tax haven ), 
  god damn it , the next time poland is invaded they will move to the west of germany ... 
  * gets on a soapbox * charlemagne was more german than french !, 
  do n't worry , it 's merely a phase the lower classes go through . 
  not sure how i feel about surinam being so far north ... 
  just a few countries north of congo . 
  well , yeah . 
  the dutch , norwegians , and danish can understand eachother well enough when after getting drunk . 
  do n't try it sober though . 
   what did we ever do to dutch people to deserve that ? 
  you forced us to sign the dutch indies over to madmen who 's first order of business was instituting a `` join or be purged '' policy to the other states he did n't get . 
  silly southeners . 
  almost as bad as the english . 
  good way to kill a good thing ... 
  that 's a real man . 
  sure , but wilders as pm ? 
  he 's centre-left at best . 
  just extremely nationalistic . 
  he has his elite that will do what he says . 
  pretty much , and they drummed it up as an for the eu or against the eu vote . 
  the goverment will exist , with or without a cabinet . 
  the people the monarch appoints are at the recomendation ( read : decided by ) of the ministers though . 
  i 'll give you that he 's a damn fine diplomat though . 
  it 's not a rule that the leader of the party with the most seats becomes prime minister . 
  it 's the traditional way of doing it , but if the other parties get a enough support amongst themselves they can run the goverment . 
  if he got an absolute majority sure , but the chance of that happening is slim . 
  you forgot walking on bicycle lanes . 
  plausible . 
  it 's our cheese god damn it . 
  it 's so good there is a god damned black market for it in russia . 
  ( and i thought the black market for lego was crazy ), 
   water wars of the 2040s * looks over to the seas * i 'm watching you !, 
  that abomination we call our pension system is going to keel over and die a painfull death . 
  i 'm sure you can find a hohenzollern somewhere willing to step in for a while . 
  `` we 're multi-cultural , really '' or `` i want a quality product and ... what do you mean i got to pay for it ? '', 
   people already started to steal dutch milk powder , those are in high demand in china ever since the melamine scandal . 
  as if there is any milk powder left to steal after the chinese roll through a store and buy up everything ... 
  that one sentence caused me to twitch really hard ... 
  brits have tried and failed for centuries to conquer france . 
  this is their latest attemp at it . 
  yeah , willem i was a notorious control-freak . 
  he was also considered an asshole by ... everybody , but nobody could say he was a bad leader . 
  in addition to having willem ii become king of belgium there was also an ( shortlived ) idea to `` split '' the crowns . 
  two countries , one monarch . 
  please , the benelux is western europe , and these days war/violent annexation is for uncivs like israel, 
  if you just guys just stuck around long enough for willem ii . 
   they are not allowed to cross into the netherlands without special permission the fact that there was no standing permission in place for that is just ... ugh . 
  mostly subsidized to hell and back . 
  iirc they got some good subsidies on evs . 
  we had some news about asparagus being harvestable already . 
  shit 's been crazy yo . 
  yeah ... . . 
  lets go with that . 
  * draws sword * it has come to this once more denmark . 
  let us uplift germany !, 
  man , most of these `` soviet concrete slabs '' would fit right in there in amsterdam . 
  nederlantis will prevail . 
   do n't know what the netherlands did to the united-kingdom they just wanted to be us so badly . 
  their navy could rarely compare , and their east india company was just a weaker version of ours . 
  do they actually have to be there to vote on something or can it be done remotely/from an office elsewere in the building , or can they assign their vote to somebody else ? 
  yeah , problem is nobody wants to take all the water . 
  we should dump it in england . 
  the things city states have to do to fit all their people in ... 
  stolen by nazi . 
  from the netherlands . 
  dutch ( obviously ) english ( atleast it looks like english ) sarnami hindi ( enough to get on with my daily business ) hindi ( very basic ) german ( very rusty , need to pick it up again . ), 
  you know , for a country as small as belgium 72 f-16s is pretty damned good . 
  gib back united kingdoms of the lowlands . 
  we can fight against the french again , just like in the good old times . 
  lowlands and germans against the french . 
  they only have a couple of lakes , so they do n't need more :p, 
  by the gods , it 's even bigger than the dutch carriers . 
  belgium , you have something to explain . 
  this ship is supposed to be under the command of the benelux admiralty , why is it not ? 
  do n't make me go drain the schelde !, 
  we also need some . 
  we 're essentially a city-state at this point . 
  for those wondering , the ass is north . 
  you know what they say , `` your flag is not relevant until somebody has tried to burn it '', 
  pff , most of their neighborhoods still sound dutch . 
  we do not lose to island frogs . 
  an oath or vow is one thing ( personal ) , and we have non-religious variants of it . 
  if they did it after every speech , well ... 
  if our prime minister did that ... hell , if our king did that he would be laughed out of the building . 
  i have to give this one to the americans . 
  it 's better to handle thazt before it snowballs into something serious . 
   having to deal yourself ( or check upon your company 's scheme ) for retirement funds .
