  this entire clusterfuck shows how screwed up we are . 
  we keep finding loopholes and watered-down compromises and ad-hoc arrangements to put band-aids on massive structural problems . 
  we keep telling greece they need ` reform , ' but no one needs reformation more than the institutions and processes of the european union . 
  oh , my bad . 
  you were talking about greek deflation . 
  that was sort of the whole point of these reforms and austerity - internal devaluation - but it also makes it much more difficult for greece to pay back their loans . 
  true , but the amounts are quite small compared to the sums greece needs . 
  a couple of years ago greece was a net recipient of only $ 3 billion annually . 
  they need about $ 80 + billion according to this third bailout . 
  it 's not quite negative - it was [ 0.2 % in june in the euroarea ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6896090/2-30062015-bp-en.pdf/9bfb95dd-5d17-4096-98de-c6bbe127556a ) , but low inflation is indeed a problem . 
  some monetarists want inflation much closer to the 2 % ecb target , or even higher . 
  they could be made to work that way . 
  if we give greece a very long repayment schedule with an interest rate below the inflation rate , we are effectively transferring money to them . 
  they will pay back - in real terms - much less than they borrowed . 
  i have seen some people arguing this is what they are trying to do . 
  we know greece needs debt relief but we are n't allowed to give it to them . 
  by allowing them to pay back devalued euros decades into the future we have a solution . 
  they should walk away . 
  they are n't allowed to loan money if they do n't believe the debt is sustainable . 
  i think that sentence you quoted was what they originally thought , but they have since changed their projections : ` it is highly unlikely that these proceeds will materialize ' . 
  i suspect that the market value of these assets have fallen dramatically , because potential investors will worry about greece 's long term future . 
  if they had tried to sell them a couple of years ago they probably would have gotten a better deal . 
  it 's important to remember that this agreement was simply the steps needed to begin negotiations on the formal bailout . 
   immediately , and only subsequent to legal implementation of the first four above-mentioned measures as well as endorsement of all the commitments included in this document by the greek parliament , verified by the institutions and the eurogroup , may a decision to mandate the institutions to negotiate a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) be taken . 
  this decision would be taken subject to national procedures having been completed and if the preconditions of article 13 of the esm treaty are met on the basis of the assessment referred to in article 13.1 . 
  there is a long way to go yet . 
  tsipras said they gained debt restructuring . 
  the eurogroup only said they would consider it if necessary . 
  does tsipras really think he got debt restructuring , or is this just political whitewash for his constituents ? 
  the strange thing is that just a few days ago the imf had a radically different projection :  with the politically less sensitive privatizations completed , and clear signs of decline in proceeds , staff assumes annual proceeds of about $ 500 million over the next few years . 
  [ page 4 of imf 's greece : preliminary draft debt sustainability analysis ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2015/cr15165.pdf ) the imf is saying $ 500 million per year for a couple of years ; the eurogroup is saying $ 50 billion . 
  tsipras :  ... we managed to gain the restructuring of the debt and a financing process for the medium-term . 
  eurosummit statement :  the eurogroup stands ready to consider , if necessary , possible additional measures ( possible longer grace and payment periods ) aiming at ensuring that gross financing needs remain at a sustainable level . 
  these measures will be conditional upon full implementation of the measures to be agreed in a possible new programme and will be considered after the first positive completion of a review . 
   the euro summit stresses that nominal haircuts on the debt can not be undertaken . 
  it is interesting - and a bit worrying - how the different parties look at the same issue . 
  i 'm afraid the greek people will feel disenfranchised . 
  in a worst case scenario we could see increased radicalisation and social disorder . 
  the eurogroup certainly is n't acting as if they are helping the greeks , and i doubt many greeks are feeling helped . 
  it will be interesting to see how golden dawn 's support changes in the coming days . 
   so the first rather chilling thing i 've learned , from well-placed bankers , is there have been no conversations between the bank of greece , the government or regulators and greece 's commercial banks about the technicalities of leaving the euro and adopting a new currency . 
  so according to this it just means the public sector has n't talked to the private sector about contingency plans . 
  one can hope that they actually made those plans but just did n't share them with the private banks ( although i would think they should have been part of it ) . 
  well , this is certainly ` changing the horse in the middle of the stream , ' as abraham lincoln said . 
  but it looks like [ guindos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luis_de_guindos ) has a nice mix of public and private experience . 
  he worked at pricewaterhouse , lehman brothers and mare nostrum . 
  in politics he has held ministerial level positions and handled state holding companies . 
  that would probably be a good background for such a position . 
  so they cancelled the all-eu meeting but will continue with the eurozone meeting ? 
  i 'm not sure what this means , if anything . 
  perhaps non-euro countries are n't involved in the bailout and so they are n't needed . 
  just a tiny correction : the helsinki times is an english-language news source . 
  it used to be a weekly newspaper but now they are just online . 
  you have linked to the helsingin sanomat , a finnish-language daily newspaper . 
  the two papers had ( have ? ), 
  some sort of agreement to share content , but they are two different entities . 
  i was n't thinking of redditors . 
  i was thinking of all my friends , family , colleagues , and so on . 
  but i agree with you that redditors tend to be of a certain demographic and many share the same beliefs . 
  there was some from smaller parties and some economists , i think , but there really was n't a lot of criticism . 
  at that time we had the unusual situation of both the main left and right parties being in government at the same time in a rainbow coalition . 
  so the people who would normally have attacked such a position could n't do so because he was their partner . 
  there was a bit of grumbling on ideological grounds , but not a lot . 
  yeah , he came in for some criticism . 
  the nobel prize winner [ paul krugman ] ( http://www.helsinkitimes.fi/business/6667-austerity-vs-growth-debate-begins-to-shift-2.html ) gave him hell about it . 
  yeah , they have been pushing austerity here since 2008-ish or so . 
  stubb was one of those guys who actually used the word ' [ growthsterity ] ( http://vm.fi/en/article/-/asset_publisher/discours-du-ministre-stubb-quelques-verites-sur-l-europe?_101_instance_grtanawkjuyn_groupid=10184 ) , ' claiming that austerity would lead to growth . 
  maybe in some circumstances , but it does n't seem to be the default result of austerity measures . 
  i suppose if we are constantly cutting expenses and raising taxes we expect greece to do the same thing . 
  their situation was a hell of a lot worse than ours , though . 
  by the way , if greece defaults or gets a haircut on their eurozone debt , how does our collateral work ? 
  i remember it was n't a very good deal : something like we do n't get paid for ten years and we only get a portion back , or something along those lines . 
  here 's the yougov article : [ greece : germans and finns back a hard line , but support for grexit wanes ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/07/10/germans-and-finns-public-prefer-hard-line-support-/ ) . 
  i knew that most finns were n't too sympathetic with greece , but i was surprised that 74 % of us did n't want to renegotiate and give them a break . 
  the [ bbc ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/78d6/production/_83943903_who_owns_greeces_deb_v2_624.png ) has a handy graphic on who holds greek debt , but i think there is a problem with it . 
  private investors like american banks can hold the same bond issue which is being held by the ecb . 
  and private investors already took a haircut on greek debt . 
  can they be forced to take yet another , while simultaneously leaving all the troika debt untouched ? 
  but on the other hand the ecb has made decisions to help greece that probably were n't the best idea from a financial regulator perspective . 
  one example was waiving the requirement for certain quality bonds which could be used for collateral . 
   at a technical level , the federal reserve needs to create a swap line with greece 's central bank , which -- as a result of the default of the ecb in fulfilling its responsibilities -- will have to take on once again the role of lender of last resort . 
  swap lines are not unheard of during times of crisis . 
  but i 'm unsure of what , exactly , he wants the fed to do as ` lender of last resort . ', 
  does he expect the fed to lend to greek banks ? 
  the fed loaned money to foreign banks during the crisis as long as they had operations in america , i know . 
  is this what he is thinking of ? 
   greece needs unconditional humanitarian aid ; no aid is unconditional , but i applaud his idea . 
  apparently some greek pharmacies are having difficulties with their supplies . 
   it needs americans to buy its products , take its vacations , and show a solidarity with greece and a humanity that its european partners were not able to display . 
  yeah , okay . 
  this seems to be a bit of american chutzpah : ` if europe wo n't fix it then we will save the day ! ', 
  overall this article seems to be telling europe to lighten up on greece . 
  the ideas of what america could do to ` save greece ' is a bit unsubstantial . 
  it does make a good headline , though , if you want attention . 
  i think many finns were quite proud that such a small nation was able to produce a company which did so well internationally . 
  it helped bolster the idea ( even unconsciously ) of finnish exceptionalism . 
  the downside to that , of course , is the downfall of nokia must mean that finland itself failed . 
  if we aligned ourselves so much with nokia - and the company was something we used to identify finnishness - then it follows that we are n't that special afterall . 
  but the other side of the coin is self-deprecation , stoicism , and quiet [ sisu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sisu ) . 
  we expect to get beaten by sweden during the world hockey championships .
