  i think ryan air does the same thing where it can . 
  it is n't like these flags are common . 
  they might pop up in a parade here or there . 
  here 's a photo i found from 2011 on the armed forces website . 
  so 20,000 nzd is about 11,000 eur . 
  that 's not a lot , but you could do it if you were frugal . 
  finding work will be tough unless you have some sort of unusual skill which is high in demand . 
  interestingly , finland and new zealand have a [ working holiday agreement ] ( http://www.migri.fi/working_in_finland/working_holiday ) , so you can come up here and work for a while if you want ( and if you can find anyone hiring ) . 
  you 've left out a lot , but it is tough to see everything . 
  it would be a shame if you spent so much time in europe but missed out on spain , france and the uk . 
  also , if you want to save money you might consider more of eastern and southeastern europe . 
  it is generally cheaper there . 
  apparently its some dude who spams pictures of himself with little flags in his beard . 
   finland should be absorbed into russia . 
  maybe they will let us be a grand duchy again . 
  sweden do n't try to manipulate and pressure us . 
  sweden has n't been the best neighbour in the world , but they have been pretty damn good to us . 
  unlike russia . 
  well , we kind of have a pretty good reason to be wary of russian intentions . 
  it 's not just when russia invaded us during the winter war , but it is all the manipulation and pressure they have put on us since 1945 and which still continues to this day . 
  i 've never heard him myself , but i have heard stories about it . 
  i assume that 's why this joke picture was made . 
  he is kind of famous for saying that , a very affable and low-key introduction of himself . 
  i 've heard many stories of him saying that in different situations . 
  well , like it or not some states do tend to follow germany 's lead , particularly when they have clear benefits for doing so . 
  we in finland happily followed germany during all the bail out turmoil . 
  we can also get public support for housing costs . 
  i would guess these benefits are quite generous by european standards . 
  i think this has a lot to do with it . 
  i prefer it black but i tend to get impatient waiting for it to cool enough to drink so i add milk . 
  finland 's national museum also has free admission for a couple of hours every friday . 
  from what i understand , the core idea of the basic income is that everyone receives it , regardless of employment or income . 
  yet the experiment is not a representative sample of the finnish population : they only are going to use working-age , unemployed people . 
  so they will have no data to show how it would worked if scaled up to the entire population , like how the basic income is supposed to be . 
  that 's the ` too narrow ' part . 
  to be honest , i do n't know why they are saying it it too small . 
  perhaps someone with more experience with these things can explain how large a sample size is needed to gather relevant information from such a trial . 
  i know finland 's experiment with basic income has gotten a lot of attention , but i have n't seen this scathing criticism in the english-language press . 
  i 'll try to give a summary of this swedish article from finland 's national broadcaster yle . 
  a number of major economists and employer , labour and government organisations are warning that the planned experiment , set to begin at the start of 2017 , is in trouble . 
  they say the experiment is too small and narrow to give any relevant information . 
  ( apparently it only covers 2,000 unemployed people aged 25-58 over two years . ), 
  they say it has been badly planned . 
  the institute for health and welfare says that it is absolutely necessary to have a properly prearranged plan , but there is none . 
  there are also questions about how it will be used in conjunction with other social allowances . 
  the incentive effect is that the basic income remains even if the unemployed get a job , but because of the various other social allowances this incentive effect ca n't occur . 
  i think millions of people ruin their lives trying to boost their ego . 
  sometimes i think wikileaks is more about his personal pr than about sharing important information . 
  great food , great history , great culture , great people . 
  it has good travel connections ( apparently four flights a day direct from brussels ) and is easy to get around . 
  it gets a bit less tourist love than other italian cities like rome , florence or venice , which makes it a good place to visit . 
  finland is still a holdout on the proposed global agreement to ban land mines because they are ( supposedly ) an integral part of our national defense . 
  and we 're not trying to keep out norwegians or swedes . 
  uh , actually we sold the maps too . 
  we sold off a lot of things . 
  do you like industrial wireless network infrastructure ? 
  we have that . 
  and trees . 
  no , we just sold the mobile device unit . 
  the nokia company is still alive and well !, 
  cool . 
  finland is not on either list . 
  we prefer to be overlooked by russia . 
  rovio is n't doing very well . 
  they fired a big chunk of their workforce . 
  i 'm really hoping the angry birds movie does well . 
  they made a big gamble on it . 
  the youngest driver ever to win an f1 race . 
  it 's incredible . 
  i forgot about them . 
  they are even listed on the stock market . 
  in finland we have hesburger , which is basically a mcdonalds clone . 
  i think there are some in the baltics as well . 
  this is n't really fast food , but we also have a chain of coffee shops called robert 's . 
  when starbucks came here everyone went nuts but personally i prefer robert 's . 
  that dracula is the icing on the cake . 
  when finns get fully drunk they become dancing masters . 
  it is known . 
  finland is n't a part of nato , but our biggest threat is the same : russia . 
  i do n't think we buy any russian military equipment . 
  i know we have purchased french , american and swedish stuff . 
  just out of curiosity , is it normal for countries in nato to purchase military hardware from russia ? 
  i do n't recall ever hearing about it before . 
  good to know . 
  i would have expected wilders would benefit from this . 
  if at first you do n't succeed ... best of luck , scotland . 
  going through another campaign is n't going to be fun . 
  i think a lot of countries do this . 
  russia was accused of using this law to target dissidents or ngos they did n't like . 
  tip : if you have popcorn handy sort comments by controversial . 
  the statement ` all politics is local ' is true , but i think there are some broad international trends which underlie both brexit and what is happening in some places in eastern europe . 
  there is a frustration against the promises of the 21st century which have n't been exactly realised . 
  growing wealth inequality , moribund economies , the loss of basic freedoms and a changing society are all causing anger which is finding an outlet in populism . 
  remember , when augustus caesar established the roman principate he was ` restoring the republic . ', 
   the first glimpse of their new home that new arrivals coming into ellis island would see i 've always wondered if that was really true . 
  the statue of liberty is way up the bay and a ship would have to pass between brooklyn and staten island before getting to it . 
  i would think they would see american shores long before they saw the statue . 
  finland has published quite a bit of information in english due to the international interest in this . 
  here is the landing page : http://www.kela.fi/web/en/experimental-study-on-a-universal-basic-income here you can read the whole report behind the idea : https://helda.helsinki.fi/handle/10138/167728 here is an article about some criticism : http://www.helsinkitimes.fi/finland/finland-news/domestic/14191-basic-income-experiment-comes-under-criticism-from-several-quarters.html there was a much better article about the criticism behind the idea on the national broadcaster yle but it was only in finnish and swedish . 
  every year some organisation publishes a report about corruption around the world and finland is always number one .
