  you are going to disengage with a very high percentage of your subscribers . 
  the people you have in / r/europemeta are going to be the ones angry about something . 
  ( after a glance at the sub , it looks like this is happening already . ), 
  the people who are like me , who were generally supportive of the mods during the immigration / censorship drama , are n't going to bother subscribing to another subreddit . 
  you are going to lose our voices . 
  i do n't think i like it . 
  i appreciate the fact that you 're trying to keep the sub uncluttered , but you 're adding a layer of complexity . 
  now i have to subscribe to yet another subreddit if i want to have a say in or be aware of discussions regarding the running of this subreddit . 
  it would be like working in one office , but only being allowed to give suggestions to your boss in some other office building . 
  it 's like the modern-day equivalent of the famous 1967 flower power photograph . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flower_power_ ( photograph ), 
  how dare you what ? 
  i was n't saying you should or should not do anything . 
  i simply asked what was going on in turkey . 
  i think many finns like the idea of it , but it all comes down to details . 
  some hardcore right-wing capitalists like bj\u00f6rn wahlroos have come out in favour of it , as well as some leftists . 
  there is even a finnish cryptocurrency which offers a [ basic income ] ( http://fimk.fi/en/faq.html ) to finns . 
  the trade unions and social democrats do n't like basic income because they think all such benefits should be work-based . 
  ( and maybe they are trying to protect their power base . ), 
  at the moment it is more of a compelling idea which should be studied and considered ( like the pilot program you linked to ) instead of any real push for it to be implemented any time soon . 
  the cadence and intonation seemed very swedish to me . 
   the records show that roger fuckebythenavel was called to court three times between september 1310 and may 1311 , when he was `` outlawed , '' suggesting he was executed . 
  poor guy . 
  going down in history as mr. fuckbythenavel . 
  are the barcelona police neutral ? 
  ( serious question , i honestly do n't know . ), 
  i think the americans stopped giving estimate of crowd sizes after the [ million man march ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/million_man_march#crowd_size_controversy ) , when guesses about the number of participants ranged from 400,000 - 2,000,000 . 
  that is a pretty big range . 
  although that was in the 1990s and perhaps we have better methodology today . 
  another relevant question is who estimated 1.4 million people . 
  it is pretty tough to get an accurate picture of a huge crowd of people , and such estimates are ripe for abuse . 
  i believe the american authorities wo n't give any estimates for protest rallies in washington anymore . 
  hard talk is a pretty serious program . 
  you know you are n't going to get soft pr questions . 
  i have always liked that show . 
  what 's that yellow flag ? 
  once upon a time i heard that some of these monasteries still display byzantine / eastern roman symbols , but i do n't know if that is true . 
  it looks like they can be , but it does n't say they have to be . 
  i can understand people not liking them moving to different countries , but i do n't think this means they have lost their status as refugees . 
  i ca n't find anything in the text where it states or even implies they lose their status as refugees by crossing borders . 
  do you know where it states [ in the text ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.html ) that refugees stay in the first country ? 
  i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  is n't french considered romance ? 
   in an open letter to his diocese , bishop thomas tobin of providence , r.i. , wrote : `` ... the church risks the danger of losing its courageous , countercultural , prophetic voice , one that the world needs to hear . '' at this point in time i would n't call the church courageous , countercultural or prophetic . 
  however , i think pope francis is trying to do all those things . 
  the desire of the conservatives to go back to an out-of-date , out-of-touch institution is a bit disheartening . 
  it looks like colloquial finnish and estonian pronounce numbers very similarly . 
  genghis khan will win the next time we do one of those ` greatest finns in history ' polls . 
  take that , mannerheim !, 
  well , do we know the other low-quality video was spotted ? 
  i mean , this is a pretty large sub and there is a lot of activity . 
  and if it was spotted by the mods , there is still a subjective line . 
  i mean , i might like rembrandt 's paintings and you might hate them , even if we are both using the same criteria for what is good art . 
  everything does n't neatly fit into ` good ' and ` bad ' categories , whether it is art or quality posts . 
  as i 've gotten older my relationship with alcohol has changed . 
  for one , now i get absolutely crippling hangovers . 
  so now it is pretty rare that i drink to get drunk . 
  also , i 've learned how alcohol can complement what activities i 'm doing . 
  having a beer in the sauna is practically mandatory . 
  you get thirsty in the sauna , but the beer also helps the relaxation . 
  in my younger days a drink was one thing and food was another , but i 've learned how different wines can really impact what food i 'm eating . 
  the right wine can turn a bad meal into a good one . 
  there is also the social aspect . 
  this being the month of august , it is crayfish party season . 
  it is a lot of fun having your akvavit and singing helan g\u00e5r with a bunch of people , even if you are sipping and not trying to get drunk . 
  russia sure loves live journal . 
  it 's just a pilot programme at the moment . 
  we can find a couple million to see how it works . 
  rolling it out nationwide would be a whole different story . 
  the swedes might say it is the other way around . 
  i say ` between sweden and russia . ', 
  that normally tends to work , but i have had a number of americans get confused because they think we are part of sweden or russia . 
  i have n't heard anything about b\u00e4ckman for a while . 
  is he still up to his old tricks ? 
  in finland one of the most vocal parties in regards to immigration is the finns . 
  they have published a [ handy guide in english ] ( https://www.perussuomalaiset.fi/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/ps_immigration_final.pdf ) if you are interested . 
  the tl ; dr version is that they want to limit immigration , but that probably is n't a news flash . 
  there have been some really cool documentaries made about the work of [ lone dr\u00f8scher nielsen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lone_dr%c3%b8scher_nielsen ) , a dane who helped start a rehabilitation centre for orphaned orangutans . 
  i really enjoyed them . 
  they might be available online somewhere . 
  i answered my own question : that is indeed for a fire . 
  it is a [ vippefyr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vippefyr ) for use as a navigational aid . 
  kind of like a lighthouse . 
  what is that basket hanging on the end of that giant pole in # 8 ? 
  it almost looks like one of those iron baskets we build fires in . 
  lebanese food is fantastic . 
  i just had it for lunch on friday at a restaurant opened by some lebanese immigrants to finland . 
  they were very nice , polite , and made great food . 
  the place is quite popular , and we had to get reservations a couple of weeks in advance . 
   please let 's not make this a thing now . 
  i do n't want the subreddit spammed with another 48 of `` so you want to visit x ? '' . 
  i kind of like them . 
  it 's a nice change from threads which are just news story links . 
  someone has to take the time and effort to make these , not just copy and paste a url . 
  good list , but add one more : 4 ) the imf brings in extra funding which is not from the eurozone members . 
   we do not want to visit museums under any circumstance . 
  that 's an odd thing to say . 
  it reminded me of avatar with a simple plot and heavy morality , but stunning visuals . 
  the acting in avatar was mediocre , but in metropolis they used the flamboyant gestures of silent movies . 
  i thought it was a lot of fun to watch .
