  i know turkey has had some issues with al-asaad , but i do n't understand why they think is would be a better neighbour . 
   i wish this whole debacle would cease but how should it cease ? 
  should the triumvirate agree to ease up ? 
  or should greece follow their demands ? 
  i think everybody would like this to end , but the question is how it will end . 
  thanks . 
  i just read that thread and still do n't know what `` random local news '' is . 
  if it is forbidden it probably should be explained so we know what it is . 
  the sea is more of a highway than a barrier anymore . 
   the file you 're looking for has been moved or deleted . 
  from the sidebar :  a forum for discussion about europe and its neighbourhood . 
  the finnish national broadcaster covers the fact that one of the continent 's most well-known satirical magazines is commenting upon our political situation . 
  the new party in government is a well-known euroskeptic and bail-out skeptic , and this could potentially impact everyone in the eu . 
  sounds relevant to me . 
   reads as an attack piece um ... do n't you know what [ charlie hebdo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charlie_hebdo ) is ? 
  from wikipedia :  charlie hebdo is a french satirical weekly magazine , featuring cartoons , reports , polemics , and jokes . 
  irreverent and stridently non-conformist in tone , the publication describes itself as above all secular and atheist , far-left-wing , and anti-racist publishing articles about the extreme right ( especially the french nationalist national front party ) , religion ( catholicism , islam , judaism ) , politics , culture , etc. 
  according to its former editor st\u00e9phane charbonnier ( `` charb '' ) , the magazine 's editorial viewpoint reflects `` all components of left wing pluralism , and even abstainers '' . 
  even after all these years you can still draw the border of east germany based on this map . 
  finland still maintains diplomatic relations with the assad government ( as many countries do ) , but it looks like we have pulled out all staff due to the situation . 
  now here is a relevant question : what kind of contacts do russian ` collectors ' have with the islamic state ? 
  was there perhaps some go-between in the black market for looted artefacts ? 
  here you go :  isis-looted treasures seized en route to russia  finnish customs has seized historical art treasures looted by the isis terrorist group in syria that were headed across the southeastern border into russia . 
   the most valuable piece seized by finnish customs , while on its way to a collector in russia , is a decorative gold plaque looted from a syrian shrine that dates to the 1400s . 
   `` there a great deal of archeological material in the middle east related to humankind 's early history that in many ways is irreplaceable , '' chief intendant jouni kuurne of finland 's national board of antiquities told yle . 
   the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization unesco has been deeply concerned about the destruction of syrian 's world heritage sites and the looting of art treasures for sale to private collectors . 
   the piece from the syrian shine is an exception among recent cases of antiques smuggling being pursued by finnish customs . 
  most shipments stopped by customs officers this spring have contained more common items collected from around europe . 
   `` this is a new phenomenon . 
  we have cases under investigation in which items originated in belgium , denmark , germany , norway and france , '' says sanna kuparinen , the head of investigations at finland 's national board of customs . 
   soviet-period art of interest  of late , much of the artwork passing through finland on its way to collectors in russia is contained in shipments of art and antique items dating from the soviet period . 
  there are no barriers to these , as long as export permits have been acquired in the countries from which they are shipped . 
   finnish customs believes that the smuggling of antiques is a professionally organized operation . 
  indications of the professional nature of smuggling cases include documentation falsifying the value of items and attempts to falsify the contents listings of shipments . 
   `` this is an excellent way to convert cash into assets that retain value , '' points out sanna kuparinen . 
   four cases are under investigation in which customs has requested the help of the national bureau of investigation in determining the origin of syrian items . 
   sources yle, 
  it is in english . 
  he linked to the national broadcaster 's english-language website . 
  yes , i think we should help these border countries . 
  the migrants are trying to reach europe , not necessarily italy or other initial country of destination . 
  these countries have to bear the burden . 
  my country is n't fond of the idea of taking additional refugees to help out . 
  however , i have to wonder if we would still be saying the same thing if russia collapsed and the baltic turned into a migrant highway like the mediterranean . 
  i 'm quite fond of our education system , but it has come into some harsh criticism recently . 
  here is a [ bbc article about it . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-32302374 ), 
  whoever said that blood pancakes were the worst food to come out of finland has never tried our [ fish bread ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kalakukko ) . 
  the mods need to address this . 
  the other threads i saw about this either disappeared or were buried . 
  you can shred a lot of paper in 4 days . 
  i did n't even notice the falklands bit . 
  i started in november 2013 when protests started against president yanukovych because he cancelled the association agreement with the eu . 
  there is a long lag time for trade - deals may have been signed months beforehand - so it takes a while before you notice things . 
  sanctions were n't put into place until the annexation of crimea in march 2014 . 
  this is off-topic , but i like how that map connects outlying islands or exclaves back to the host nation . 
  it does n't get the love which most other mediterranean countries get . 
  malta has fantastic food with a mix of italian and arabic influences . 
  the best warm water seafood i 've ever tasted was in malta , when i was in a restaurant and the waiter pointed out the harbour to the fishing boat which brought in their fish . 
  it has a fantastic history , being in the crossroads of the great powers . 
  there are a ton of prehistoric artefacts and sites . 
  carthage and rome had it , and you can visit excavated villas or their tombs . 
  the ottoman 's were stopped during the great siege of malta . 
  the people are damn nice , and the weather is great . 
  yes , it was , but i was more interested in what happened since the crisis in ukraine started . 
  in march of 2008 it looks like we had 692,947,607 in exports and 930,078,674 in imports . 
  so by march of this year our exports were down 63 % and our imports were down 28 % from that level . 
  i saw on the news that exports to russia from finland [ fell 27 % in march ] ( http://www.tulli.fi/en/releases/ulkomaankauppatilastot/tilastot/kktilastot/201503/index.html?bc=5555 ) so i was curious how trade has changed since the start of the crisis in ukraine . 
  i made the chart myself but the data comes from the [ finnish customs statistical database ] ( http://uljas.tulli.fi/ ) . 
  it looks pretty bad , but i think some countries have been worse affected . 
  did n't numenor get destroyed ? 
  just out of curiosity , who came up with the name doggerland and why ? 
  who gets naming rights for something like that ? 
  i know when a new asteroid is found the discoverer gets to name it based upon established conventions . 
  what is the economic situation like in russia at the moment ? 
  any news on unemployment or gdp or the small climb in oil prices ? 
  do people blame the sanctions for any problems ? 
  when finland declared independence the idea was to have a constitutional monarchy like many other countries . 
  we even had a [ german prince ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince_frederick_charles_of_hesse ) picked out to be king . 
  but when germany lost wwi a german prince did n't look very good and we decided to be a republic instead . 
  i think the national symbols finland rallied around instead of a monarch include : * the finnish language . 
  this was an important national rallying point even when we were still a grand duchy in the russian empire . 
  some swedish-speaking people changed their names to more finnish ones and deliberately promoted finnish as a means of nation building . 
  * shared mythology , particularly the [ kaleva ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kalevala ) . 
  this had a wide impact on finnish life , with things like the names of companies , street names , art , music and holidays being influenced by the kalevala . 
  also , there was the idea of a shared struggle . 
  this is rather diverse , and could include everything like voluntary associations for shared interests , sports , social welfare , and the common effort of paying off war reparations to the soviets . 
  finland is a small country and it is probably a bit easier to find common goals or ideals than in larger , more diverse countries . 
  well , one idea is to leave the euro and reintroduce the drachma . 
  it will immediately fall in value against the euro or else the central bank can value it very low - more or less the old trick of devaluation . 
  ( finland used to be a master at this . ), 
  so now all of a sudden greek goods and services are much , much cheaper to those of us elsewhere in europe . 
  instead of spending $ 10 for greek olives , i can buy them for $ 5 . 
  instead of spending $ 1,000 on a greek holiday , i can go there for $ 500 . 
  this , in theory , will rejuvenate the economy . 
  exports will rise , money will flow into government coffers , and everything will be wonderful . 
  of course , that is the idea , but there are problems with this approach . 
  for one , anything greece needs to import will suddenly be twice as expensive . 
  maybe they need italian olive oil presses or something , and now it will cost twice as much for greek producers to buy them . 
  there will also need to be capital controls .
