  man , you should be paid for doing this !, 
  yeah sure it is and according to the video almost 600 people have done the same thing so far this year ( in just two months ) . 
  i guess this human wave became a routine scene for the locals . 
   i do n't know how i would feel as a citizen of melilla if hundreds of unknown illegal intruders roamed through the streets . 
  i guess most of these guys just want to get a residence permit from spain and continue their journey to the north . 
  serious question : why would you do that ? 
  how could the uk possibly benefit from this ? 
   but eventually they will come stronger out of the whole thing , and the czech rep will get its 1 billion euro back ( it was just borrowed money , not a gift , in case you did n't know ) . 
  how possible is this ? 
  i mean greece paying off all its debts ? 
  and how many years would it take ? 
  are these your personal ideas or did you read it somewhere ? 
  can you please share the source if you read it somewhere ? 
   all these audio tapes and leaks are from the nsa source ? 
  we have annual celebrations of this event . 
  fall of constantinople means really a lot to turkish people . 
  i think one of the reasons may be the hadith of prophet muhammed . 
  he said `` constantinople will be conquered by muslims . 
  what a beautiful army is that ( conquerer ) army and what a beautiful commander is that commander . '', 
  [ sultan mehmet ii enters constantinople ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b6/zonaro_gatesofconst.jpg ) i do n't know if fausto zonaro is granted the citizenship of the ottoman empire but this is the most popular painting in turkey . 
   you can criticize israel but why not in english ? 
  because his mother language is german and obviously the israeli parliament gave him the permission to deliver his speech in german . 
   why do you tell a story ( that 's almost definitely not true ) instead of just criticize the things that you want to criticize . 
  if the guy is so wrong , why do israeli mps not tell him the truth instead of interrupting his speech and yelling at him in the parliament ? 
  if someone fires rockets into your land , then punish * them * , not the whole nation . 
  and yeah , i 'm sure most palestinians want to live in peace and have unlimited freedom of movement in their own land . 
   is it even the fault of the turk cypriots ? 
  no , it is not . 
  actually a lot of turks think that turkish cypriots are ungrateful bastards because we sacrificed our lives and `` saved '' them from `` the genocide '' in 1974 and now they want to live with `` the enemy '' once again . 
  turkish cypriots are for the reunification and they proved it in annan plan referendum in 2004 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cypriot_annan_plan_referendums,_2004, 
  one of the guys in your photo has the flag of a predominantly catholic country ( timor-leste ) on his shirt . 
  what the hell does timor-leste have anything to do with this ? 
   speaking of that i 'm curious : do you guys think of yourselves as a middle eastern country ? 
  that 's a really tough question . 
  i was born and grew up in the mediterranean region , so i would say we are a mixture of middle east and europe but most people in western turkey would say `` we are more european '' and most people in eastern turkey would say `` we are more middle eastern '' . 
  dude , the eu membership is not even an issue in turkey . 
  nobody talks about it , nobody believes in it , no one cares it . 
  i do n't even know why the membership talks are still going on . 
  ** turkey ** trabzon ( black sea region ) : nationalist , love guns , stupid , speak laz langugage izmir ( aegean sea region ) : wannabe greek , rich , secular , drink too much antalya ( mediterranean region ) : hunt tourist girls , occupied by kurds adana ( mediterranean region ) : curse too much , mafia diyarbakir ( southeastern anatolia ) : terrorist , too much kurdish tunceli ( eastern anatolia region ) : believe in wrong kind of islam northern cyprus : casino , hate turks from turkey , would have been genocided out of cyprus if it was n't for our glorious and stronk army, 
   at the time they were not in the uk legally . 
   no one respects the law . 
  cash in hand . 
  no taxes . 
  still get government services . 
  how do they get government services if they are not in the uk legally ? 
   the worsening of the economic state of households is continuing but the rate of worsening is slowing down . 
  this must be one of the worst `` good news '' for a country . 
  what does `` lost control '' exactly mean here ? 
  are there no policemen roaming the streets ? 
  apparently the balts are good at forming human chains . 
  this is what i love about / r/europe . 
  mainstream media tends to give wrong or/and deficient details about important issues ( i see that a lot about my country ) but contributors of this subreddits are very good at catching the errors and correcting them . 
  thank you for the details . 
  yes , it 's definitely a war crime . 
  what 's your point ? 
  as your source states , syrians did not fake this photo . 
  it was an art project by a saudi photographer and some people on twitter shared it as `` the syrian boy '' . 
  syria is a 3rd world country having a bloody civil war . 
  there is no need to fake anything . 
  there are videos where parents carry pieces of their own children after regime airstrikes . 
  what they do is disgusting and i 'm not going to defend it . 
  but it 's impossible to verify that the guys are a postal workers because the fsa claimed that they are regime snipers and posted a video of the building prior to the raid . 
  nevertheless it is a horrifying crime but still too little to declare an entire army a terrorist organization . 
  smuggling has been a big problem on our border with syria for decades , that 's not a new thing . 
  we know some aq members use turkey safe houses and we try to stop them . 
  four suspects arrested after raids against al-qaeda - http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/four-suspects-arrested-after-raids-against-al-qaeda.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=61180&amp;newscatid=341 do n't even say that this is a new thing and started after rebel infighting : turkey arrests 13 suspected of al-qaeda links ( 30.8.2012 ) - http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-arrests-13-suspected-of-al-qaeda-links-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=28990&amp;newscatid=341 turkey openly aids fsa and syrian national council because these guys are not terrorist nor aq . 
  they have offices and official figures in many countries . 
  your videos call every non-assadist syrian fighter a `` wahhabi jihadist '' but do not provide any source nor any proof on their particular group . 
  oh also , armed guys walking on the other side of the border does n't really prove anything , especially if they are fsa . 
  turkey even shells aq positions in syria : turkey shells jihadist positions in syria - http://gulfnews.com/news/region/syria/turkey-shells-jihadist-positions-in-syria-1.1244018 it is really ridiculous to claim that erdogan started the revolution . 
  assad is a second-generation dictator of a 43 y.o dictatorship , is it really so hard to believe that people would disagree with him ? 
   the iraqi army is majority sunni in sunnia areas and majority shia in shia regions no . 
  iraqi army lost most of sunni areas and they tend to use sahwa militias in sunni regions . 
  iraqi army is shia . 
  some of their soldiers openly use secterian slogans on their uniforms . 
   the saudi threat was published here . 
  . i did not just invent it yes , you do n't invent anything , that 's a nice thing but you believe in conspiracy theories without looking for more reliable sources . 
  if a conspiracy theory serves your biased views , you assume it as the divine truth . 
  i 'm logging off now , i have to wake up for my job tomorrow but if you write anything that is not bullshit , i will gladly answer you tomorrow . 
  edit : wow !, 
  there must be a furious fast reader in this thread . 
  this post got a downvote seconds after i posted it . 
  at least read my post , you unknown dude !, 
  thank you for not providing any source on your claims in the first post . 
  this is not the first time i see you writing bullshit about the middle east . 
  your previous posts are also full of bullshit . 
  * you claimed that erdogan started the syrian revolution ( bullshit ) * you claimed that iraqi army is sunni ( bullshit ) * you claimed that saudis threatened russia by sending full force of jihadists from syria . 
  ( bullshit ) it 's obvious that you do n't know a shit about the region but this is not your real problem . 
  you do n't even try to educate yourself on region , this is your real problem . 
   35 terrorists surrender source ? 
  according to your source the guys are from fsa ( free syrian army ) . 
  fsa is not terrorist group , these guys are not al-qaeda , they are actually fighting aq . 
   and apply for refugee status source ? 
  there is nothing about the application in your source  say hello to your new neighbors source ? 
  there is nothing about their applications to european countries in your source . 
  p.s one day ... one day you will post something that is not bullshit . 
  i believe ... 
  i want believe . 
  c'mon boy , you can do it !, 
  actually , most refugees i 've met here learn finnish a lot faster than european immigrants .
