keep in mind that the study they cite takes into account cost lof living , taxes and beneifts . 
  i would be interesting to see how they arrived at those numbers as they are very very difficult to compute ( cost of living especially so ! ) . 
  for instance , how do they value the return provided by social services ? 
  for instance , is the money spent on healthcare given a return in social services in full ? 
  if not , do they count any money spent on healthcare in the us as given in return in full ? 
  there are several pitfalls i see here . 
  how do they compute cost of living ? 
  the last one is incredibly difficult to actually calculate , as people adjust their behaviour according to cost of living and the cost of goods and services also change depending on how much people demand them , hence why just comparing prices of selected goods will not tell you the whole picture . 
  in front of lidl must be really bad . 
  should be ica at least !, 
  why stop at twelve ? 
  why not a hundred million ? 
  many smaller stores do n't , but essentially every grocery store and big store do . 
  sounds like we escaped your grasp again huh ? 
  moved out a few months after i graduated from high school mysef , at age 19 . 
  todays autopilots can , the original ones was pretty much limited to keeping it on a straight course . 
  we had to know the map of europe ( and capital cities ) with 100 % accuracy back in 8th grade . 
  this was 15 years ago , such things slip the mind if you are not using it . 
  at least they are under investigation to see if they break the law . 
  yeah , i agree that our police is well trained and know what they are doing but they need to approximately double in size . 
  large defense industry is something sweden has to you know . 
  it 's definitely still running !, 
  so he had some spread outside huh ? 
  i was suspecting that you were messing around , but i was not sure , 
  yes , it 's a joke . 
  the joke is that russia is more likely to invade finland from sweden than sweden itself . 
  the entire point of the joke is that the only enemy finland can see themselves being invaded by is russia . 
  it seems to me like he confused it with `` if it 's not russia that 's invading , it 's sweden '', 
  the joke is that if the russians are not invading from the east the russians are invading from another direction . 
  i 'm surprised that they even considered it in the first place , especially given the previous national security concerns regarding that port !, 
  [ yes it is ] ( http://www.maxburgers.com/ ), 
  max stomps them both, 
  sorry if i was unclear . 
  as far as i know there were no special provisions regarding religion or ethnicity of gun ownership before the night of broken glass . 
  he did restrict jews from selling and manufacturing firearms and ammunition before even that . 
  initially he loosened it even for the jews ( aside from selling and manufacturing them ) but after the night of broken glass things changed . 
  actually , hitler loosened the restrictive firearms laws of germany and made it easier to own personal firearms . 
  even for jews . 
  i think they intended to ask the first one , but phrased it so badly a lot of responders might not have been sure which one they were asking . 
  well , you also had that eurovision guy and few months back . 
  yup , talvisota was a purely defensive war on finlands side and the continuation war was done just to regain the parts lost in talvisota . 
  the alliance with germany was purely out of convenience for finland , and while you can criticize individual decisions that finland did ( such as the handing over the pows one ) the larger reasons they allied with germany holds up ethically and morally . 
  not longer than `` rye whole-grain bread '' . 
  i 'm happy for the polish people !, 
  even if it 's not over , it 's a won battle at least , 
  i just arrived in bratislava a few hours ago and it seems like a nice city , so i guess tourism happens ? 
  i think it is the warsaw - budapest one , but they change the cars around somewhere in czechia so some continue to budapest while others go to vienna . 
  i 'm most surprised you got a train from \u00f6rebro , i live there but always end up flying from arlanda as i can never get a flight to where i want without paying 4k sek more or so . 
  was simple chicken and rice with some vegetables . 
  nothing special :p, 
  seriously , this was the most surprising part of all . 
  went to the restaurant car and there the restaurant was polish staff , polish menu with prices in in zloty ( though they accepted euro ) . 
  i guess the train started in poland , it seemed to be a polish catering company running the restaurant . 
  which is definetly a benift that should also be counted !, 
  no one means that , you know ? 
  it still is misleading by counting after taxes , because if you do you count the cost of these services for when they are tax funded but discount them when they are not leading to comparing different things . 
  ah yeah , the legendary after taxes measurement . 
  i 'll explain some of the flaws of it here : 1 . 
  it rarely counts for government grants and welfare payments as income which skews the numbers , in sweden for instance parents recieve a certain amount of money every month for each child they have which adds up to about $ 2500 a year extra per child ( up to a certain limit ) . 
  the usa instead gives a tax discount , guess which one of these two methods shows up as income in these statistics ? 
  not counting what you actually get for paying higher taxes , as free daycare , schooling and healthcare can significantly change the living standards of many people . 
  comparing after tax incomes but not accounting for these means you are not comparing apples to apples anymore . 
  arguably you should not leave out other benifts , such as vacation time , from the income calculations . 
  many swedes for instance can choose to not take out their vacation and get about 10 % increase in their salary for the year for example ( yet most choose not to do this ) . 
  this is probably the smallest of my points though . 
  then i think counting per household income rather than per adult individual is also flawed . 
  but that 's another matter !, 
  the swedish article does not mention that , but i would not be surprised if you are right . 
  it also literally says that they will stop manufacturing combustion only cars . 
  with new he most likely means that uses cars will still be sold . 
  if things start to go badly , they are likely to just sell of the company . 
  volvo also could have packed up and moved to the usa before . 
  something that has not happened yet and is about to happen does not make a companys nationality . 
  remember that volvos management is still swedish , and just because a chinese company is the majority shareholder does not mean they can ignore the interest of other shareholders . 
  sure , but you usually do n't do any dramatic changes like that . 
  when you buy a company you do n't just buy the brand , you get the people working there , you get the organization and the leadership . 
  moving everything to another country means basically loosing everything , as it 's unlikely that you will retain much of the assets you bought . 
  does the influence show ? 
  yes , their newest factory is in china for instance though i do n't know how much that is done by geely , it 's likely that volvo just used their owners to establish a factory there in order to get easier access to the chinese market . 
  but yes , things can change in the future . 
  but remember that ford used to be the majority shareholder of volvo and it hardly became an american company . 
  no , countries changing nationality like that is rare . 
  the majority shareholder might be chinese , but the headquarters is in sweden , and afaik almost all of its r&d too and 2/3 factories are in europe . 
  there is more to a companies nationality than the nationality of its owners !, 
  i am at work so i do n't have the time to get a full translation out , and google translate does n't work well with the page ( thank you ads ! ) . 
  the essence of the article is that from 2019 and onwards , volvo will only manufacture hybrid and fully electric cars . 
  their ceo says that it is to meet consumer demand . 
  i got the impression that it is more about meeting the demand curve where they anticipate that it will go in the future , rather than where they will think it will be in 2019m, 
  might be interesting to know that no one really knows what chinas gdp means or even what it really is . 
  not even china itself . 
  one internal issue they are struggling with is that local governments are rewarded based on how much local growth they create , so many will go to extreme lengths to inflate their own growth . 
  he was registered as having emigrated to algeria in 2013 , would be interesting to know if he got his motivations before or after . 
  i personally think unmanned is the way to go for most missions , so i do n't think it 's a problem for this anyway . 
  they used to have the now decommissioned space shuttle . 
  the main difference i think is that space rider is unmanned while the space shuttle was required to be crewed . 
  being unmanned should make the space rider quite a bit cheaper , but i do n't know if it is capable of carrying people if you need it to . 
  possibly the uk has a sharper progressive tax , and possibly lower non-income taxes . 
  why do you seem to think russia is more valid than ukraine by those standards ? 
  russia is hardly a homogeneous nation . 
  there is no rule that says there should be one ( and only one ) nation for each ethnicity and only for that ethnicity you know .
