  then no one could do any real harm . 
  everywhere should be like scandinavia , is basically what i 'm saying . 
  any state probably should n't have much more than 10 million people in it , in my opinion . 
  exactly the same . 
  honestly i think norwegians would rather see norway burned to the ground than in the hands of either of us again . 
  well , yeah . 
  * dutch * is obviously nonsense , but that goes without saying . 
  i was n't including dutch with actual languages if you thought so . 
  it actually gets easier to learn a language for every language you learn , because you simply get better at the process . 
  your native language takes years and years to learn , your second language slightly less , third even less , and so on . 
  we 're lucky in that most of us start learning english from a very early age , so we 're much better equipped to learn a third one by the time we reach our teens , as opposed to most native english speakers who are only getting started with their first foreign language by then . 
  and obviously you have to keep using them to retain the knowledge . 
  it 's not like you can just learn spanish and then be able to speak spanish for the rest of your life . 
  the mind gets rid of stuff it does n't need . 
  well , swedish presence in finland started out as crusades , so while not invasions , per se , not exactly friendly either . 
  we do n't know much about our first interactions with the finns , but to say finland just `` sort of '' became a part of sweden is inaccurate . 
  there was definitely violence and subjugation . 
  honestly , denmark started most of those wars . 
  you just lost more . 
  without a doubt it 's pizza . 
  i just do n't see what the problem is . 
  being against multiculturalism just reads to me as `` i want everyone in this country to look the same and share the same culture '' , which i find utterly ridiculous . 
  no one is trying to suppress * our * culture . 
  i 'm free to be as swedish as i want . 
  no one is forcing me to adopt foreign things if i do n't want to . 
  the only difference is that there are also people here with other cultures , and i can pick and choose whatever aspects of them that i wish , or ignore them completely . 
  you just do n't want anyone near you that is n't like you , and that 's a completely unreasonable wish to me . 
  just go on being whatever you are and stop being annoyed that everyone else is n't . 
  i 'm sure they 're all very different to someone who 's familiar with them . 
  i 'm not very familiar with slavic languages . 
  they all pretty much sound like russian to me , to be honest . 
  i think it sounds pretty much like russian . 
  more melodic and ` cheerier ' , perhaps . 
  not bad . 
  i think both norwegian and danish are super fun to listen to . 
  norwegian is very pleasant , especially the southwestern dialects . 
  the guttural r gives the language such a strange vibe . 
  i find it almost hypnotic to listen to . 
  danish is just hilarious and awesome . 
  i can barely listen to a dane speak without laughing , everything they say sounds completely bizarre to me . 
  almost completely unintelligible 90 % of the time - like , my ears ca n't grab on to * anything * , it 's just a steady stream of vowels and hiccups . 
  then you see it in writing and it 's super clear , they just decided to skip over half the letters . 
  yes to both questions . 
  written i think we can all understand each other 's languages just fine ( at least i can ) . 
  spoken is another matter , and depends greatly on the dialect . 
  scandinavia is a dialect continuum , meaning for example that a norwegian person living close to the swedish border will probably sound more like the people on the other side of the border than his own countrymen on the other side of the country . 
  southern swedes have a much easier time understanding danish than northern swedes do , etc. 
  all that said , to generalize we can definitely say that swedes and norwegians understand each other the best . 
  swedes and danes have the hardest time understanding each other , and norwegians understand both danish and swedish better than the other way around . 
  it 's difficult to explain what it 's like for us because there are n't any languages that are as closely related to english as the scandinavian languages are to each other . 
  the closest analog for you to imagine would probably be some sort of super freaky british english accent or something where you can just barely make out what they 're actually saying . 
  they use weird words sometimes that you might or might not be able to understand from context and you need to concentrate really hard and listen intently to communicate efficiently . 
  that 's pretty much what it 's like . 
  this house was built in 1948 . 
   heritage and ancestry have never really been important factors in germany well ... 
  guess i just hit the jackpot with my hair place . 
  i 've honestly just been going there for so long because i like the way she cuts my hair , not because i thought it was super cheap . 
  now i know to appreciate her even more . 
  is it ? 
  i 've cut my hair for 150kr ( 15 euro ) for the past 10 years . 
  do n't know much about architectural regulations but it sure does n't seem like it . 
  we try to keep as much of the old stuff around as possible ( * nowadays * - used to demolish historic buildings like madmen in the 60s and 70s ) , but generally do n't try to emulate the style whatsoever in modern construction . 
  contrasts like [ this ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@57.7804694,14.1761789,3a,75y,90.1h,88.44t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1swj_3bzsdbcw3ehfrnkibyg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) or [ this ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@57.7800535,14.1632983,3a,75y,292.68h,101.54t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sm7id-mj2oi78yphc5n4fog!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) are not at all uncommon . 
  we do not . 
  each region operates independently and have their own systems . 
  there 's cooperation between close cities and such - like i said , it 's probably * possible * , but we definitely have not designed things to travel long distances just using ** local ** public transport . 
  maybe in benelux . 
  oh , okay then . 
  i ca n't really say much about the rest of europe , but just using public transportation in sweden feels like it would be a huge hassle . 
  it 's probably * possible * , but you 'd have to do lots of really weird transfers in the middle of nowhere where one `` public transportation region '' ( such as a municipality or city ) overlaps with the next one . 
  the public buses obviously travel through all the populated areas , stopping in every tiny village , so it will take you forever to get anywhere probably . 
  also , there 's not really a countrywide standardised system for tickets and such . 
  in some regions they do n't accept cash on the bus , some may only accept cash , use a certain phone app , some may require you to buy a ticket in advance or have a bus card , etc. 
  you 'd have to plan very , very carefully . 
  not knowing the language will most likely make things very complicated for you , too , i 'd imagine . 
  i 'm pretty sure he just means standard long distance bus companies that go between cities and such . 
  to me it 's comparable to an american living in england starting to speak with an english accent . 
  like , what are you even doing ? 
  no one needs to hear that . 
   just speak swedish !, 
  do swedes living in norway usually try to speak norwegian ? 
  i find that rather cringey . 
  almost insulting . 
  maybe we should just take bornholm too ? 
  interesting . 
  bornholmsk is the danish dialect i find easiest to understand . 
  in the 1700s we tried to domesticate mooses for military purposes . 
  yes - moose cavalry . 
  the rest of you can count yourself lucky those experiments failed . 
  `` bede '' is more like `` ask ( for ) '' than `` pray '' , though , is it not ? 
  at least swedish `` be '' is . 
  it means `` pray '' too , but i 'm guessing that came second . 
  ie when you 're asking god for something , you 're praying . 
  can you actually distinguish written danish from norwegian ? 
  not even i can . 
  more . 
  who 's jill stein and why is n't she president ? 
  obviously she 's the only sane choice ? 
  it 's very rarely confusing , to be honest . 
  it 's mostly just annoying .
