  it 's not even a nice old church with a pleasant bell sound or anything , just some modern concrete piece of shit that has no business causing a raucous . 
  forgot my accent !, 
  ** sm\u00e5land ** : hard working , genuine , salt of the earth people that may tend to sound a bit naive and slow also . 
  main identifying feature is that it 's non-rhotic , meaning r 's are not pronounced after vowels , just like rp . 
  unlike rp , which sounds posh , we are made fun of for it , however . 
  [ witchcraft - leva ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coxcbupw2s8 ), 
  i worked for a company that delivered food to a refugee center outside my city . 
  it was all syrian males there , most of them around 20-30 years old . 
  i 'd hang around while they were eating ( so i could bring all the stuff back with me afterwards ) and talk to them , teach them some swedish and joke around . 
  a few of them seemed like they were kind of traumatized , not speaking to anyone , not eating , etc. 
  but i 'm no psychologist . 
  mostly they all seemed like perfectly normal people , but cooped up and bored as fuck . 
  my tap water comes from [ lake v\u00e4ttern ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/place/v%c3%a4ttern/@58.4958572,13.6866847,7.75z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x465bb57aff8c60a1:0x639ba963a2fe831f!8m2!3d58.3253717!4d14.5176275 ) . 
  if you 're into historical accuracy , vikings is not the show for you . 
  are there many sami people in norway who do n't actually speak norwegian ? 
  i 'm pretty sure all sami people in sweden understand swedish . 
  a guy called [ birger jarl ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/birger_jarl ) sometimes gets the credit . 
  he was the first who managed to unify the few squabbling kingdoms that had emerged in the swedish heartlands from viking times under one ruler , ( swedes and geats and all that ) and brought some semblance of law and order up here . 
  there were `` swedes '' before he came along , but that only referred to a specific tribe of people among many , and no one has any clue how any of them got started - too long ago . 
  it was through birger 's efforts that sweden became one single political entity . 
  he is also said to have founded stockholm in 1250 and made that our capital . 
  so yeah , pretty important guy . 
  then it gets messy again a couple of generations later and we went into a union with denmark in 1397 and were ruled from there for a while . 
  the next time sweden emerges on the scene is when we break out of that union in 1521 , and the guy in charge of that whole deal sometimes also gets the credit for founding sweden ( at least the modern nation state ) , and his name is [ gustav vasa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustav_i_of_sweden ) . 
  he rebelled against and defeated the evil danes and their despicable king ( known in swedish history as christian the tyrant ) , threw 'em right back to denmark where they belong , became king of sweden and established a dynasty that would rule sweden for many generations to come . 
  most of them were psychotic megalomaniacs , but hey , more land for sweden , right ? 
  most of early nordic history is steeped in myth and legend . 
  lots of viking nonsense involving gods and men , kings that may or may not have existed , wars and events that may or may not have happened . 
  but i ca n't think of one specific character like arthur . 
  much of europe is incredibly boring to drive through , honestly , if you 're just on highways . 
  northern germany , poland , france , etc. 
  flat , deforested , featureless landscapes that make you fall asleep . 
  over here we most often have a variety of dipping sauces available for our fries , such as aioli , melted cheese , sour cream , etc. 
  i once spent a few days in the netherlands and was so annoyed that you did n't have different dipping sauces at mcdonalds or other burger joints . 
  they 'd always just ask `` mayo or ketchup ? '', 
  as if those are the only options to put on fries . 
  i do n't like either , so that was a bit of a pain . 
  maybe you have different dipping sauces now , i do n't know , but they did n't seem to a few years ago . 
  then just a few days after i returned to sweden i was at mcdonalds again and some dutch guy in front of me was visibly upset that they did n't have mayo there . 
  `` just regular mayo ? 
  you do n't have it ? 
  you 're kidding ?! '', 
  and i just burst out laughing . 
  you 're right , we eat a lot of fish , but swedish ` cuisine ' was n't a huge part of the culture then , i do n't think . 
  fish was dried and salted or prepared in various disgusting ways to last a long time ( see lutfisk or surstr\u00f6mming ) . 
  people just ate whatever they could get their hands on in order to not starve to death . 
  but if i had to guess , i 'd say those who left sweden were mostly farmers and not fishermen . 
  the fishermen were probably doing alright here . 
  and besides , the coastal regions of the usa were pretty much taken by the time swedes arrived . 
  they had to venture inland . 
  i think they felt at home there . 
  biggest issue back in sweden was the lack of arable land , which there was loads of in minnesota . 
  and because of the similar climate , they could keep growing the same sort of crops as they did back home , and did n't have to adjust too much to their new surroundings . 
  according to that movie it 's what they call a quarter pounder in france , right ? 
  we just call it a quarter pounder here , or more commonly a `` qp '' . 
  never been to france . 
  well done . 
  they left primarily because we could n't really feed everyone back then . 
  in the 1800s , sweden was for the most part a very poor , cold and miserable place where you could n't grow much and it was pretty much leave or starve to death for * a lot * of people when you had a few bad harvests in a row . 
  it was kind of great that they left because things really turned around for sweden once we unloaded all of those hungry mouths to america . 
  those who remained here could live much better than before , and those who left could too , i guess - i think most swedes that came to america were received well and managed to build good lives there . 
  win-win for everyone . 
  but i do n't view them as any one of those things , primarily . 
  they were all of the above , in my mind . 
  yeah , i dunno ... at the end of the day , it 's just grammar , is n't it ? 
  i do n't worry about it really . 
  a child , when the gender is unknown , can logically neither be referred to as male nor female ( except in russian then , i guess ) so `` it '' makes perfect sense to me . 
  it works like that in all languages i 'm familiar with . 
  hell , in german , even girls are referred to as `` it '' since `` m\u00e4dchen '' happens to be a neutral noun . 
  it 's just grammar , has nothing to do with respect . 
  makes sense as the word `` child '' is of neutral gender in most ( indoeuropean ) languages . 
  would n't you refer to a child as `` it '' in russian ? 
  i do n't know what i 'm supposed to do with it . 
  it 's not what i want from a sandwich . 
  just a weird combination of tastes . 
  but i feel the same way about nutella . 
  those things do n't belong on a sandwich ... 
  i prefer cheese and meats and stuff on bread . 
  but then again i eat weird swedish stuff on sandwiches that most of you would probably find stomach turning , like [ kaviar ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/egg_sandwich.jpg ) and [ leverpastej ] ( http://clients2.kaigan.se/scan/2b763288faedb7707c0748abe015ab6c.jpg ) , so i 'm not judging . 
  oh man i thought i knew german pretty well . 
  to be honest , a lot of swedes do n't even realize that there * are * finns with swedish as their native language . 
  a common misconception about them is that they are just regular old finns with finnish accents in their swedish . 
  so that 's pretty much what they sound like to the average person , i guess . 
  if you actually listen to them there 's a huge difference between how fennoswedes and regular finns speak swedish , but the accent/intonation/melody / whatever you wan na call it is sort of similar and most people do n't care . 
  that is very disconcerting . 
  it 's one of the weirdest accents . 
  especially the american one . 
  i think because we 're so used to hearing english all the time , the whole melody and sound system is immediately recognizable to us . 
  so it 's the most obvious accent imaginable , and it really does a number on swedish , distorts it in ridiculous ways . 
  but cute ? 
  not really the word i would use . 
  norway , definitely . 
  they 're rich as fuck and we all basically speak the same language already . 
  too bad they 'd never go for it . 
  you understand elfdalian ? 
  not even swedes do . 
  we 've taken quite enough from the danes already , and i ca n't even imagine harming norwegians in any way , they 're too sweet and innocent . 
  if we really had to start a war , the only realistic choice would be finland , and our goal would be to annex \u00c5land - which is an island in the baltic between our countries with a majority swedish speaking population . 
  now , we do n't particularly want or need \u00c5land - i hear they 're largely self-governed anyway - but you said we have to , so that 's probably our best option . 
  you have people named storm ?
