  no that 's completely false . 
  swedish has * ridiculous * amounts of ( low ) german loan words from the middle ages , a result of the hanseatic league . 
  they 're just so thoroughly swedified by now that it is n't apparent anymore . 
  no other language even comes close to having the kind of influence on swedish as low german has had . 
  it could almost be compared to the relationship between norman french and english . 
  disregarding borrowings though , danish is obviously more closely related to german than swedish is , being closer . 
  not at all . 
  there is plenty of stupid shit about the usa that i hate , but also lots of amazing shit that i love . 
  we know all americans are n't retarded , but the ones that * are * do seem to be exceedingly so , and in a way that is particularly infuriating for europeans . 
  at a whopping 53 meters and 15 stories , the [ eurostop ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-eon3kgew9ae/tbhdqjjabsi/aaaaaaaafri/3s7gpx0nahk/s1600/eurostop%2b113.jpg ) along the motorway is apparently the tallest building in my city of ~ 90k inhabitants . 
  i believe it 's a hotel of some sort . 
  well , i do n't actually want to move to another country , so i just interpreted the question as ` if you absolutely * had * to ' ... 
  good luck getting the attention of ancient gods without sacrificing !, 
  uh , unchanged . 
  i do n't really see what the big deal is , to be honest . 
  i 'm not interested in politics in the slightest and am not too sure what the eu actually does or how it affects my life . 
  feels like sweden would do fine without , too . 
  but what the fuck do i know ? 
  obviously nothing . 
  uk 's still cool , though . 
  i do n't know about the rest of europe , but in sweden , what you 're describing is how most roundabouts work . 
  there are exceptions where they 've made custom solutions to suit the roads better and make traffic flow , but it 's always clearly marked by arrows . 
  norway or denmark would be my first options , because it would require the least amount of effort . 
  i 'd adjust to the language in about a week and culture is already so similar that i 'd fit in just fine . 
  could also visit sweden whenever i wanted . 
  after that , maybe somewhere in the uk or ireland . 
  like , somewhere in the countryside where all you do is go to the pub every day and banter with your neighbours . 
  i think that kind of life might suit me . 
  it 's a really well known foreign language . 
  i still remember having to learn it as a child and getting better at it throughout my life , while swedish has always just felt completely natural , like an integral part of me . 
  even though i speak it very well , i still make new discoveries with english and have to actively think about how to express myself properly and grammatically , which i never have to do with swedish . 
  so there 's definitely a big difference there . 
  i do n't really see what you mean by making english official . 
  like , replace swedish with english ? 
  no , why would we do that ? 
  we 've spoken swedish here for a thousand years , i do n't see us stopping anytime soon . 
  and yes i would very much like more media in swedish . 
  podcasts , in particular . 
  i have to travel a lot and consume hours and hours of podcasts every week , but there 's extremely few good ones in swedish , which is a shame . 
  it 's actually very similar to the swedish spoken in sk\u00e5ne . 
  it 's weird to hear it because it 's got all the same weird diphtongs and melody but uses danish words and grammar . 
  it 's more like the sk\u00e5ne dialect is supposed to sound , i guess . 
   is racism really that bad in europe to this day ? 
  you do n't hear about it very often around here . 
  not really , but that 's because we 've been trying to let go of these ideas for 70 years now . 
  then americans come along , all psyched about their ethnicity : `` wooo !, 
  pure swedish viking blood , baby !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa ! '', 
  ( sorry , that 's my impression of an american ) , not realizing that this sort of thinking can be quite unsettling for europeans . 
  the only people still in europe with that mindset are hardcore neo-nazis pretty much , so that 's where my mind automatically goes when i encounter that attitude . 
  i do n't want to hear about how swedish your genes are . 
  it 's incredibly off-putting , frankly , and certainly not something that you should be proud of or place any importance on . 
  hey now , it 's only dark half of the year . 
  the rest of the half is incredibly bright to make up for the darkness . 
  we still drink a ton though . 
  edit : `` the rest of the half ? '', 
  what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  leaving it . 
  what 's annoying is when americans just straight up say `` i 'm irish '' ( or italian , norwegian , polish , or whatever ) . 
  you 're not , you 're an american with european ancestors , like almost everyone else in your country . 
  just say `` my great-grandfather came from ireland '' if it 's somehow interesting or noteworthy to you that your ancestors came from somewhere else , even though that 's pretty much the case for literally every person on earth . 
  americans sure seem to find that fact about themselves absolutely fascinating . 
  it 's why our countryside is sparsely populated - it takes too long to construct those complicated roofs . 
  denmark was n't much involved with the hanseatic league at all , and was actually in conflict or even at war with it for much of its existence . 
  of the scandinavian countries , sweden was the only one who played a big part in the hanseatic league . 
  interestingly , our involvement actually changed our language a lot , from the influx of thousands of low german loanwords , making it quite distinct in terms of vocabulary from danish and norwegian , who never had thousands of germans living in their cities . 
  obviously all the nordic countries are very similar , but i 'm actually going to say germany . 
  the northern parts , specifically ; things start to get weird the more south you go . 
  but the north of germany looks and feels * exactly * like home to me , except that everyone 's speaking german . 
  i 've never been to finland , though . 
  i have a feeling it would be extremely familiar also . 
  not really . 
  i could probably guess if someone 's from southern , northern . 
  eastern or western europe , but that 's about the extent of my accuracy . 
  ( and it 's not like i 'll even get that right ) edit : but like others in the thread , my `` own '' people are fairly easy to spot most of the time . 
  i recognize swedes and other scandinavians from a mile away by their familiar awkwardness . 
  i rest my case . 
  they 're mostly like us , except most of them speak finnish , which is a ridiculous language , and i do n't know why they insist on it , frankly . 
  well , like most changes in language , it was n't instant . 
  it took a long time for `` rolig '' to change from `` calm '' to `` funny '' - like several centuries long , with many stages in between . 
  but simplified a bit , you can think of it as first widening in meaning from `` calm '' to simply `` positive in general '' and then narrowing down again , but to `` funny '' instead of its original meaning . 
  nope . 
  the firstborn child of the monarch is next in line . 
  used to be firstborn son , but we changed when our current king had a daughter . 
  our history is your history as well . 
  pre 1809 that is . 
  uh , soft drinks are usually called `` l\u00e4sk '' . 
  i 'm not overly fond of gothenburg myself , to be honest . 
  i find the typical jolly gothenburg attitude really fake , like they 're just trying to live up to everyone 's expectations somehow . 
  also the city is fucking impossible to drive in , it 's like its roads are designed by drunk children . 
  well stockholm is a much bigger city than gothenburg , so there 's naturally more to do there . 
  also , i 'm not saying any of that is actually true , it 's just the reputation the city has in sweden . 
  no , there 's no place where * everyone * would like it , obviously , but gothenburg probably has the best reputation out of all swedish cities . 
  it 's known for having jolly , good natured people and gothenburgers are all supposed to be relaxed and laid back . 
  even their accent is famous for sounding happy and carefree . 
  compare with stockholm that 's universally hated by everyone who does n't live there . 
  fair enough . 
  ah sorry i missed that `` ago '' .
