  i do n't see how * any * swede has missed the fact that s\u00e4rskrivning is wrong and moronic - we 've been having this discussion for like 30 years now , so it 's pretty mind boggling to me that it still occurs . 
  some people just do n't give a shit , i guess . 
  it 's comparable to the their/they 're / there fiasco in english . 
  annoying , but it 's not like you actually wo n't understand . 
  english is a european language . 
  well , sweden getting involved certainly did n't help matters . 
  kerbal space program, 
  i remember some winter reading about how they had to bring out old locomotives from the 30 's to clear the rails from snow and was like `` wait , if that 's an option , why do n't modern trains have that capability . . ? '', 
  did they arbitrarily assume it would never snow again ? 
  i live in a pretty small swedish town ( ~ 90 000 inhabitants , although the absolute majority of our cities are around there , so it 's actually medium sized with our proportions ) , or actually just outside the city . 
  well , * actually * i live `` in between '' two cities that have grown together into one continuous built up area in the last hundred years or so . 
  anyway , it 's about an hour 's walk to the centre of the bigger of the cities , with stores , restaurants , schools , governmental buildings , museums , libraries , clinics , gyms , whatever you can think of that belongs in a city . 
  it 's about half an hour 's walk to the centre of the other city , with pretty much all of those same things . 
  also maybe half an hour 's walk to a big ass shopping mall , with supermarkets , furniture stores , home electronics stores , carpentry and home improvement stores , ( as well as all the same stores that you also find in the city centres ) . 
  if i 'm too lazy to walk somewhere , there 's a well developed bus network with frequent stops ( maybe ten minute 's walk between them ) , and the most travelled lines come around every 10-30 minutes or so , depending on the time of day . 
  it 's pretty expensive , though . 
  no ... if i recall correctly , border disputes in europe caused all sorts of problems in the following years . 
  would not want that repeated . 
  in any case , sweden has n't changed . 
  east germanic ? 
  like , gothic ? 
  how do you figure ? 
  the goths were long gone by the time we were all speaking old norse up here , and danish , norwegian and swedish diverged from that point . 
  well , yeah ? 
  i do n't have any problems at all communicating with norwegians ( they speak straight up norwegian , i speak straight up swedish - no issue ) whereas i have to struggle quite a bit to make sense of danish , and they often have much trouble understanding me as well . 
  as far as grammar , spelling , vocabulary are concerned , danish and norwegian are obviously more similar . 
  i ca n't even tell a danish text apart from a norwegian text , looks completely the same . 
  but pronunciation-wise , danish is * crazy * . 
  interesting . 
  you go \u00c6\u00d8\u00c5 ? 
  we actually go \u00c5\u00c4\u00d6 . 
  i suppose it 's because you introduced \u00c5 later and naturally put it at the end . 
  definitely \u00c6\u00d8\u00c5 , by the way . 
  it kind of annoys me actually that swedish uses \u00c4 and \u00d6 . 
  it makes it look as if we 're more distant than we actually are . 
  all other nordic languages use \u00c6 and \u00d8 , i do n't know why we do n't . 
  well , actually i do know . 
  it 's specifically * to * make swedish different and not resemble filthy danish , but we have n't been enemies for a few hundred years now . 
  i think it 's time to go back . 
  we 're all pretty awful at imitating each other 's languages . 
  it 's not really necessary , either - just some slight modifications to our regular speech is usually enough to be understood by each other . 
  my friend 's danish mother has lived here for over thirty years , still speaks basically danish . 
  for me to move to denmark and start speaking danish is comparable to an american moving to england and starting to speak with an english accent . 
  i 've always thought mexico has an absolutely fascinating history . 
  they are about as similar as three languages can be while still considered different languages . 
  had scandinavia been one nation , we 'd most likely just call it all dialectal variation . 
  i personally think [ die \u00c4rzte - jag \u00c4lskar sverige ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6_5qaawric ) is the greatest song ever written about sweden . 
  it 's kind of a shame . 
  i realize learning swedish must seem incredibly useless and boring for many young finns , but learning more languages is always a good thing . 
  once you 've made the mind fucking journey of learning english ( that i imagine it must be coming from finnish , which has such an alien grammar ) , the step to go from english to swedish is n't exactly huge . 
  i might be wrong , but wrapping your heads around english grammar seems like such a big investment for a finn that you might as well go the extra mile and learn swedish as well , since it 's on offer , so to speak . 
  you all learn swedish as well though , do n't you ? 
  when does that start ? 
  before or after english ? 
  oh i do n't doubt the information , just questioning whether or not it 's a good idea . 
  i love that danish uses `` pige '' and `` dreng '' as their words for boy and girl . 
  the equivalent swedish words `` piga '' and `` dr\u00e4ng '' are mostly used to mean `` maid '' and `` farmhand '' , and conjure up idyllic astrid lindgrenesque pictures of rural sweden in the 19th century . 
  it always sounds unbelievably cute when i hear danes say it . 
  i 'd say the vast majority of people below 40 can speak it fluently . 
  above that it gets shakier , but it 's still pretty common . 
  almost everyone will be able to communicate at some capacity , except for perhaps really old people ( 70 and up ) . 
  it 's taught in school from grade 3 ( at least when i was a kid ) and up , and remains as a mandatory subject throughout school until grade 12 . 
  for comparison , other languages ( usually french , german or spanish ) are only taught from grade 7 and up , and are not mandatory ( you could choose to have extra english education instead ) . 
  other than that , we do n't dub anything except for kid 's shows and movies , and do n't produce all that much entertainment ourselves , so we mostly watch american stuff all the time . 
  we are therefore exposed to english for much of our lives and probably ( or definitely ) absorb a ton from that . 
  needless to say , we expect everyone to learn english properly and speak it fluently , and we place great pride in our ability to do so . 
  it 's part of being swedish , almost . 
  swedish \u00d6 can be either [ \u00f8 ] or [ \u0153 ] depending on dialect , as well as position in the word . 
  like you say , if it comes before an r it usually changes ( to [ \u0153 ] ) , but not in all accents . 
  literally `` boyfriend '' and `` girlfriend '' , to clarify . 
  probably taken straight from english . 
  i 'm very skeptical about `` charlie '' as a swedish name , considering the vast majority of swedes do n't even know how to pronounce english `` ch '' . 
  poor souls will always be known as `` sharlie '' ... maybe that will just become the swedish version ? 
  ( although i thought karl/kalle was already doing that job , but nevermind that ) . 
  the south ( where people live ) is probably fucked , but the north is so sparsely populated that i could see them doing alright up there . 
  settle down in some remote forest house up there , hundreds of kilometers from the nearest neighbour , you 'd be fine . 
  none of note . 
  every once in a while there 's a storm that knocks over a few trees and breaks a roof or two , disrupts the electric grid and causes a week or two of relative discomfort . 
  this is in mid/southern sweden . 
  other than that we do get a shitload of snow every few winters , which can be pretty brutal and cause all sorts of problems , but we 're pretty used to that ... 
  there 's no particular volunteer response that i know of for these `` disasters '' , it 's mostly just dealt with by the state , as well as companies and individuals affected . 
   language . 
  although some of them are fairly similar , many would have a hard time understanding eachother . 
  the national language would have to be english , which i ca n't see happening . 
  i vote we all use swedish . 
  yeah of course . 
  i 'd want to see my home town handle the zombie apocalypse , it 'd be awesome . 
  czech beer . 
  any food that is n't swedish ( or nordic , german , dutch or british ) ( seriously , fuck germanic cooking ) . 
  you guys are bullies . 
   to be clear , i 'm not asking whether you think it 's going to happen - i know it 's highly unlikely . 
  i 'm curious as to how people ( and countries ) would react . 
  the question makes no sense . 
  for it to happen , the people would first need to be onboard and actively make it happen , so the reaction would obviously be positive . . ? 
  are you asking how we would react if somehow we woke up united without anyone having worked towards it ? 
  i do n't know how to answer that ... 
  i 'd argue that low german is slightly more german than dutch is , though . 
  and especially back then . 
  we 're talking about the 15th century here , i 'm picturing more of a dialect continuum stretching all over the germanic regions , with no clear boundaries anywhere . 
  in sweden , low german was simply german , because those were the germans that they had contact with .
