  thanks , yeah , that makes lots of sense . 
  sure , that 's what we call it in swedish , but i 've gotten the impression the word ` accent ' is used more in english . 
  a ` new york accent ' , a ` british accent ' , a ` southern accent ' , and so on . 
  we 'd say ` dialekt ' about all these . 
  i think the english word dialect is more used for regional speech that is * very * different from the standard , perhaps not even mutually intelligible with it . 
  \u00c4lvdalska would be a dialect , \u00f6stg\u00f6tska an accent . 
  i think , at least . 
  we 've been going in a slightly different direction , i suppose . 
  most stores around here ( sweden ) have invested pretty heavily in self scanning in the past few years . 
  we just grab a scanner when we walk into the store , scan and put the groceries directly into bags . 
  then we pay at terminals by the registers and walk out . 
  super efficient and awesome . 
   2 why do all of you seem to dislike baggers in grocery store ? 
  so funny . 
  you need to realize that most of us have never * seen * a bagger in our entire lives , so the whole idea of someone else bagging our groceries is completely absurd to us . 
  i got ta say , it 's probably minecraft . 
  do n't play it anymore , but man do i have thousands of hours in that game . 
  really looked around for something else to say , but even though we have lots of studios and game development here , i 'm just not a fan of many swedish games at all . 
  norway : love their language . 
  nature is breathtaking . 
  the people are really funny . 
  i also love their fierce patriotism . 
  they seem to be working really hard to preserve their culture , but like , not in an obnoxious way , like swedish patriots . 
  when norwegians do it , it just feels right and natural . 
  denmark : love their language too ( in a different way ) . 
  nature is kind of crap , but their cities are beautiful . 
  the people are way cooler than us . 
  denmark just feels loose and carefree compared to sweden . 
  finland : never been there , so i ca n't say much about it . 
  but i love how they are the one country that manages to be more swedish than sweden . 
  like , every stereotype about swedes seems to apply times two for finland . 
  it tastes like vomit . 
  i shot lots of different weapons in the army ( conscripted ) . 
  off the top of my head : ak 's , pistols , smg , sniper rifle , heavy machine gun , anti-tank missile , frag grenades . 
  never touched a weapon as a civilian , though . 
  stockholm is * above * water . 
  no one 's going to take stockholm by submarine . 
  or , you know , swedish , which it is . 
  what about it ? 
   sweden . 
  just give it all away to norway . 
  basically the same language , anyway . 
  no disagreements here . 
  would make more sense to give norway to sweden , though , seeing as we have more experience running a country . 
  throw in denmark too while you 're at it . 
  we managed to teach the scanians how to speak after a couple hundred years , i think we might be able to save the rest of them as well . 
   do n't you have a significant finnish-speaking population ? 
  or is it only the other way around ? 
  it 's the other way around . 
  finland 's never been quite right , either . 
  470 000 native finnish speakers is nonsense . 
  * translation : * ruab interviewed 30,000 swedes during 2005 and it turned out that 5.2 percent of these had either weak or very good knowledge of finnish or me\u00e4nkieli , which , spread over the whole population , amounts to about 470,000 people . 
  * so not only does that number include both finnish and me\u00e4nkieli speakers , it also includes everyone with * any * amount of knowledge in these languages . 
  the number is also obviously extremely speculative . 
  i 'm talking about * native * speakers . 
  that number is far , far lower . 
  your numbers for romani and yiddish speakers are also highly exaggerated . 
  there is no way there are that many native speakers of either in sweden . 
  i 'd say that number is closer to 0 . 
  keep in mind that `` romani '' here refers to a very specific off-shoot that only exists in norway and sweden as far as i know , of which i happen to be a speaker ( barely ) , seeing as my family on my mother 's side are/were travellers , so i do know something about it . 
  the language has pretty much completely died out in sweden , the only people who might speak it somewhat fluently are well above 60 at this point , and absolutely * no one * actually speaks it as their first language . 
  do n't even get me started on yiddish . 
  i do realize that , yeah , but look , that 's not really what i 'm talking about . 
  first of all , good luck finding any native yiddish or romani speakers in sweden . 
  they have official status for historical reasons , not because they are actually spoken by any significant amount of people . 
  there are a couple thousand sami/finnish/me \u00e4nkieli speakers in the far far north of sweden , and yeah , it 's kind of weird , but it 's not like they have a major presence in swedish society as a whole . 
  some tiny finnish speaking communities in the very outskirts of sweden is n't really comparable to what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm talking about countries like belgium or switzerland , where two or three different languages are actually spoken by huge amounts of people . 
  where you can travel to another city of hundreds of thousands of people inside your own country and have them all speak a different language than you , that 's pretty crazy to me . 
  and lastly , i said i thought it was * weird * , not * wrong * . 
  yeah , it really does . 
  poland-lithuania , austria-hungary , sweden-finland , what the fuck ? 
   have you ever been in the north of sweden ? 
  i have not . 
  i think dalarna is the furthest north i 've ever been . 
  in any case , it 's not like any of those minority languages plays a significant role in swedish society ( unless you live up there ) . 
  but yeah , i find northern sweden weird too , then . 
  i mean , it 's not like i 'm clueless to the fact that this type of situation is very common around the world . 
  it just does n't seem `` right '' to me , i guess . 
  nope !, 
  sure , there 's about 12 of them left who actually speak a sami language i think . 
  i do n't really know much about them . 
  they 're * really * far north , and i 'm a southerner . 
  i think if i was one , i 'd pack up immediately and move to sweden . 
  i just would n't want to live anywhere where my own native language was n't the dominant one . 
  maybe i place too much importance on language , i do n't know . 
  sounds about right . 
  eesti ca n't into nordic , though . 
  mainly because i do n't really know the history behind it . 
  just seems unnecessary to me . 
  give the french speaking areas to france , dutch speaking areas to the netherlands , whatever german speaking areas there might be to germany and be done with it . 
  enough with belgium , already . 
  actually , as a swede , all countries with multiple official languages are extremely weird to me . 
  i typically think of a country as a place where they speak one language . 
  i ca n't imagine going to the next town over and have them speak an entirely different language ( not even in the same language family ! ), 
  and yet have them also be swedes . 
  just makes no sense to my primitive scandinavian brain . 
  [ our royal women in traditional swedish folkdr\u00e4kter ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/fd/bb/e0/fdbbe0a7a9e463a31d1a8c2fa4645c89.png ), 
  i just think giant superpowers is a bad idea in general . 
  the world would do better if we were all just tiny countries where no one has any real power .
