  you do have lots of contractions involving prepositions : im , am , zum , zur , ins , beim , vom , and so on . 
  i 'd say these are definitely part of standard german and has been for a very long time , no ? 
  sure , yeah . 
  do n't pretty much all languages work like that ? 
  could you give an example of what you mean ? 
  first one is written and pronounced with every letter , second one as i 'd actually speak it . 
  [ `` jag vet inte riktigt vad jag ska ta f\u00f6r exempel , s\u00e5 det f\u00e5r bli det h\u00e4r '' ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s06iiyykun5g ) ( sounds ridiculous , looks normal ) [ `` ja vene redit va ja ska ta f\u00f6 exempel s\u00e5 de f\u00e5 bli deh\u00e4 '' ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s16oan2h6f0n ) ( sounds normal , looks ridiculous ), 
  we do the same in swedish , but with `` inte '' , obviously : vi ` nte , ha ` nte , ka ` nte , and so on . 
  we contract a lot in swedish , but it 's not really expressed in writing like in english . 
  when you do write out contractions it looks sloppy and potentially very regional ( dialectal ) . 
  it 's not exactly bound by certain rules like in english either , it 's more like we just mush words together a lot , and different dialects do it differently . 
  or , more likely , he was n't even born yet when any of those things happened . 
  i 'd say so . 
  no one is responsible for those wars because the people who were responsible are all dead . 
  i pretty much only hear it used negatively , to be honest . 
  i personally tend to see it as positive , though . 
  people always think of it as `` anti-success '' , whereas i tend to think of it more as staying humble in success - `` anti-bragging '' , if you will . 
  i do n't feel like there 's any aversion to individual achievement in this society . 
  there is , however , a very strong aversion to flaunting it . 
  you 're supposed to be motivated and successful , but once achieved you 're supposed to act like it 's no big deal and you 're nothing special . 
  i like this . 
  keeps everyone grounded . 
   what would you call swiss german ? 
  swiss german comes to mind . 
  it 's snowing now . 
  is this an actual question or are you just expressing your dislike for scandinavians in a really douchy way ? 
  for an actual answer : we think it 's funny , and it 's got absolutely nothing to do with you . 
  you just notice it a lot because you do n't like us and it annoys you . 
  sorry about that , but the problem is on your end . 
  while i do go years without leaving sweden , i 'd say on average i go abroad probably around twice a year . 
  mostly to denmark or germany . 
  this year , i 've been to both . 
  and also norway . 
  svea rike is kind of cool . 
  never understood why it became sve * rige * . 
  it 's still called `` rike '' in swedish , so `` sverige '' seems like a danish pronunciation of svea rike or something , and i do n't know why we would use that . 
  hah , i love how just the concept of `` money '' has become a symbol of norway . 
  someone sure went to [ great lengths to ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5ceqj6c.jpg ) , at least . 
  thank you finland for the many centuries of partnership . 
  together , we spread fear throughout europe , if but for a short while . 
  thank you norway for always staying chipper . 
  thank you denmark for knowing your place and not being troublesome lately . 
  yeah , it 's the right thing to do , for sure . 
  but there 's so much nonsense about the monarchy in the constitution . 
  it would be so complicated , demand such dedication and take such a long time to actually achieve that i do n't think anyone can be bothered . 
  i think the whole debate about what 's part of europe or not is pointless and uninteresting . 
  it 's all one huge continent , turkey 's somewhere in the middle , and that 's that . 
  i just do n't get why people would argue over this . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  i do n't know , the whole economic aspect of the debate is pretty uninteresting to me , to be honest . 
  i do n't care if they 're costing or earning money - either way i 'm convinced it 's fairly minuscule on a national level and wo n't affect us financially in the least whether it 's there or not . 
  we should just be able to sit down as rational people and realize that this does n't make sense in 2016 and get rid of it . 
  but , since the institution is enshrined in our constitution and therefore very difficult to change whatsoever , and at the moment , not really bothering anyone , nothing will likely happen for a very long time . 
  i 'm against it on principle because it 's a ridiculous medieval relic that goes completely against everything that modern swedish society stands for , in terms of democratic values and equal rights for everyone . 
  but it 's not like i 'm super gung-ho about it , i do n't really care if they 're there or not . 
  they do n't affect me or my life in any way whatsoever . 
  it does annoy me though when people bring up economic arguments , like how much they bring in from tourism and whatever . 
  yeah , fine , but that 's not really the point . 
  we could make tons of money selling weapons to warmongering dictatorships too ; does n't make it right . 
  is it ? 
  like i said , i do n't really know what i 'm talking about , but i definitely feel like about half of all swedes are light haired , but that could very well be because many girls and women dye their hair , too . 
  obviously depends on where you draw the line between `` blonde '' and `` light brown '' also . 
  foreigners tend to describe me as blonde even though i clearly have brown hair `` by swedish standards '' . 
  i mean , if we 're only counting native born , `` pure '' germanic swedes , the percentage is probably quite high . 
  maybe 50 % ? 
  if we 're taking the whole population into consideration , it 's obviously much lower . 
  guesstimating like crazy , i have no idea what i 'm talking about . 
  i would n't say you 're bad at it , you just say things very differently because it 's a different language . 
  but just watching a bunch of danish shows and movies has really helped a lot . 
  it 's just fucked up norwegian for the most part . 
  most people in sweden speak swedish and english fluently , and has some basic knowledge of german , french or spanish . 
  i 'd say very few speak three fluently , but obviously there are those that do . 
  swedish with norwegians , english with danes . 
  although i 'm trying to get better at comprehending spoken danish . 
  [ svensson , svensson ] ( https://www.svt.se/oppet-arkiv-pub/cachable_image/1458557841000/s/article7302787.svt/alternates/extralarge/svensson-svensson-1920-jpg ) would be the closest swedish thing , i suppose . 
  an immensely popular show from the 90 's about an archetypical swedish family . 
  the father is a sports-obsessed buffoon , the mother is the level-headed voice of reason , the kids are wise-cracking smartasses , etc. 
  pretty much a very standard american family sitcom in the style of cosby , married with children or the like , but swedish . 
  i would n't say it 's satirical exactly , nor particularly biting , but it had a sharpness and wit to its humor that was rare on swedish television at the time . 
  most other swedish produced shows back then were aaawful romance soap operas that everyone had to follow because there simply was nothing else on . 
  i think most people have cheap non-stick pans from ikea that wear out and have to be exchanged every few years . 
  cast-iron are usually a bit more expensive and seen as better quality and longer lasting , but many do have and use them too . 
  i guess mostly somewhat `` well-off '' folks and/or people who care about cooking . 
  been to lots of nobel banquets have you ? 
   proua ( which comes from low german vrouwe or german frau ) . 
  not swedish fru ? 
   but i imagine that the general swedish public does not fall for populism or votes irresponsibly . 
  we 'll just hang on to it until you at least get the name right . 
  why do you think danish is more like german than dutch ? 
  i would say the opposite actually . 
  it 'd be sweden-finland fighting denmark-norway , just like the good old days . 
  ah , it 's been too long . 
  this is a pretty pointless argument , to be honest . 
  we both know exactly what i mean by standard swedish . 
  it 's the accent spoken in the linked video . 
  have i said otherwise ? 
  of course it 's an accent , but it 's the standard nonetheless . 
  that 's just standard swedish . 
  i do n't know specifically where they 're from , lots of people talk like that or close to all over sweden , but probably somewhere around stockholm . 
  uppland and s\u00f6dermanland is where that accent originates from .
