  oh come on . 
  germany before us ? 
  finland and sweden was the same country for almost ** 700 ** years . 
  depends on when you think `` sweden '' as an entity actually got started , i guess , it gets a little muddy that far back , but finland was there from the very beginning . 
  what are you talking about , our stores are like 75 % snacks and candy . 
  that 's remarkably close to how sweden 's architecture looks , as well . 
  all of those could just as easily be from here . 
  uh it 's pretty common , i guess . 
  mostly see it worn by kids and teenagers , not so much adults . 
  when i was a kid ( in the 90s ) there was a fad of collecting nhl hockey cards that swept the whole country , and everyone had a favorite team and would wear a cap with the logo on it . 
  i had a vancouver canucks cap that i treasured dearly . 
  it was really hard to find , because no one but me gave a shit about vancouver ... 
  meanwhile la kings , ny rangers and mighty ducks clothing were fucking everywhere . 
  then a dog ate my cap and i was sad . 
  good times !, 
  sure , i do n't doubt it could change in the future . 
  i 'm just stating what 's actually been decided . 
  as it stands , austria is not allowed to join germany without declaring war with the allies . 
  yeah and that eventually led to ww2 and the death of 60 million people , which is why it wo n't happen again . 
  what 's your point ? 
  it has n't been discussed because austria is expressly forbidden from ever entering a union with germany again , as per the [ austrian state treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria%e2%80%93germany_relations ) . 
  them doing so would pretty much be a declaration of war . 
  well , staying small and irrelevant seems to be working fine , considering we all pretty much top every ranking concerning human development , wealth , prosperity , freedom , happiness and social advancement . 
  why would we try to fix something that is clearly not broken ? 
  if anything , large , powerful nations should be looking to us and realize they need to downsize . 
  while we might be an unproven historical exception , it is pretty much an historical rule that all empires eventually implode . 
  i think we 'll just continue on as we have been for now , but thanks ... 
   i 've always thought that the nordic countries where kind of held back by their tiny size and , if united , would have the potential to become a regional power . 
  i do n't really know that any of us are looking to become a major player in world politics , why is power automatically the goal for all nations ? 
  i think we 're all perfectly happy staying on the sidelines and just try to make life as great as possible for the people who live here . 
  there 's no actual hate going on , we all love each other . 
  you have to realize though , that sweden and denmark have been fierce enemies ever since viking times . 
  for like a thousand years , no swede would even mention denmark or danes without spitting on the ground and cursing them to hell . 
  that kind of hatred does n't just go away in a few hundred years of peacetime , it is completely intertwined in our cultures at this point . 
  the danes are the hated enemy of all swedes and always will be , that 's just the way it is . 
  but we love them all the same . 
  hey , we 've had \u00c5 in our alphabet for hundreds of years , you know . 
  whereas you guys used some weird `` aa '' bullshit up until the 20th century . 
  i look at it the other way . 
  cornflakes and milk is cold porridge . 
  filmj\u00f6lk is usually thicker than yoghurt , i 'd say , or about the same thickness ... 
  it 's weird to compare because they have very different textures . 
  filmj\u00f6lk is runnier , but also heavier . 
  cool that you enjoy it , most foreigners have told me it tastes likes sour milk . 
  swedish perspective : i believe my gps has a british voice . 
  ca n't really remember , do n't use it alot , it was just the default setting . 
  as for english accents , i can easily distinguish between american and british accents , even whereabouts in the respective countries the speaker is from . 
  i 've got a better feel for american accents , though , just from watching a billion american movies ( whereas i 've seen maybe 10 british movies ) . 
  an australian accent is also very obvious , but i 'm not entirely clear on the differences between new zealanders and south africans - those are very similar to me . 
  i can pick out french english speakers , germans , spanish and italians quite easily , they all have very distinct english accents . 
  even norwegians and danes are instantly recognisable as such when they speak english ( also finns , to an extent ) . 
  the dutch do n't have much of an accent or i might confuse them with germans ( same goes for icelanders , for some reason ) . 
  i do n't have a clue how greeks sound , i do n't think i 've ever seen a greek person in my entire life . 
  all of eastern europe is also kind of a mystery . 
  they all just sound ` slavic ' to me . 
  sm\u00e5land , southern sweden : moose , roe deer , red foxes , badgers and various types of hares are common . 
  also seen squirrels , otters , lynxes ( bobcats ? ) . 
  red deer and fallow deer show up from time to time . 
  that 's just off the top of my head ... there are shitloads of animals around here . 
  i do n't really know much about birds , but there are definitely birds here as well . 
  norway or denmark . 
  similar culture , similar language , would n't take me long to adjust . 
  10 : norway , denmark , the uk , germany , the netherlands , poland , italy , czechia , slovenia , croatia . 
  live in a swedish small town . 
  there 's a large supermarket 5 minutes walking distance from my apartment where i do 99 % of all my grocery shopping . 
  they have everything i 'll ever need , and if they do n't , i learn to live without . 
  i 'm there pretty much every day . 
  there 's also a small kiosk just outside my door where i buy candy , soda and tobacco . 
  they also have milk and eggs and toilet paper and stuff , and are open late , which comes in handy when i 've forgotten something . 
  living with this convenience has made me an incredibly poor planner , as you might imagine . 
  there 's a traditional market in town , but it 's only open saturday mornings , and is a 20 minute bus ride away . 
  i ca n't imagine why i 'd ever go there , other than for the atmosphere . 
  could probably find better fruit and vegetables there , as well as locally produced jam and honey or whatever stereotypical crap you 'd expect from a place like that , but i simple do n't care enough to make the effort . 
  i might take my girlfriend there sometimes , i guess , if i had one . 
  i 've read up on the so called no-go zones in sweden now . 
  there are 55 in total , and apparently it 's just places where police officers have filed reports that they 've encountered resistance/felt threatened in trying to perform their duties . 
  these are hardly permanent danger zones or anything , police are just advised to be a bit more on guard while they 're there . 
  somehow i guess american media got ahold of this information , misinterpreted it completely and now we have 55 warzones with sharia-law and militant jihadists . 
  i wonder how many no-go zones there 'd be in the usa by our definition . 
  millions , i 'd wager . 
  i live in sweden , in a small town in a pretty shitty neighbourhood ( by swedish standards ) , where i 'd guess immigrants make up the majority ( just the general feel i get , no research done ) . 
  i 've no idea if this is a `` no-go '' area ( there are n't any actual no-go areas in sweden except in americans ' imagination ) , but it 's definitely `` one of those places '' . 
  i feel completely safe . 
  the only problem that i 've noticed is a bunch of kids who run around vandalizing ( smashing windows now and then , spraying graffiti , shoplifting , etc ) , but they 're around 12 years old so i do n't feel particularly threatened by them . 
  it 's actually a pretty interesting area , i like having so many different nationalities around me . 
  every time i go outside i hear like 8 different languages being spoken . 
  that 's a bit of a joke in sweden as well . 
  i actually have a close friend who fits that description to a tee . 
  there seems to be quite a bit more of a tendency to identify as `` muslim '' whether or not you 're in any way religious , than it is to identify as christian . 
  i 've met people who have expressly told me that they do n't believe in god , yet they 'd still see themselves as muslims and refuse to eat pork . 
  i do n't see the point . 
  i 've never met anyone who says they 're christian without believing in god , even if they 're from a christian family and grew up with the religion . 
  once you 've `` renounced '' your faith , you are no longer a christian . 
  i wonder why the same thing does n't apply to muslims . 
  like someone else in here said , america is nothing but immigrants ( unless you 're native american ) , and so there 's already a goal when you start researching - how did they get here , where did they come from , why did they leave , etc. 
  the act of emigrating is rather interesting in and of itself , so i can see why most of you know at least that far . 
  i probably would too if i were an american . 
  for most europeans , we 're just descended from the people who never left and never did anything of note . 
  our ancestors have for the most part just ... been here ... for hundreds or even thousands of years . 
  there 's no goal to finding out about them besides learning what their names were .
