and the corbyn surge splitting the social democrat vote allowing the tories to claim fptp seats . 
  ashton lane in glasgow . 
  the bars themselves are n't lit , it 's the street in between , but in the summer ( if summer ever reaches glasgow this year ... ) , the customers of the various bars will be sat outside under the lights anyway . 
  i live in a fairly unattractive city ( although parts of it are quite attractive , especially some of the more imposing buildings - funnily enough it.sometimes gets compared to the older east coast us cities ... ) . 
  not all european cities are chocolate box pretty . 
  that said , i do n't think i 'll ever get tired of the scenery in scotland . 
  i love that the mountains are so close , and i can be out of my flat and into the hills in a very short time . 
  i understand life in the more remote parts of our country can be tough , and when 's there 's not enough jobs to go around , the scenery probably ceases to be relevant to the local population . 
  nailed it !, 
  gordon strachan has been one of the better appointments in recent years . 
  not good enough , nowhere near good enough , but still infinitely better than george burley and craig levein . 
  it rains a lot on some parts of the country . 
  we have a massive alcohol problem in society . 
  we have a higher proportion of red haired people than other countries . 
  we deep fry things for fast-food that would not be deep fried in other countries . 
  united kingdom does * not * equal england . 
  even * getting * to a major tournament would result in national euphoria these days !, 
  or possibly even just making the qualification playoffs ... 
  ireland was legally one of the home nations and not part of the empire . 
  in practice , it was definitely ruled differently to the rest of the uk , and often treated with a casual `` out of sight , out of mind '' mix of cruelty and indifference which may give the impression that ireland was a colony . 
  i was in mostar recently , where one of the barstaff used to live in paisley , his bosnian-scots accent was brilliant , and he was entirely comfortable with the scots dialect . 
  they covered * moorsoldaten * , which counts as a folk song . 
  i 've heard it about porridge at a scottish university . 
  do riots by scots elsewhere count ? 
  the manchester riots after rangers got beaten in the europa league final were pretty big . 
  i 've refereed a few ladies shinty matches in scotland , which always have a few players from over the water involved . 
  i 'd take the men 's game anyday , at least when the boys try to tackle you , you can assume that the ball is somewhere in the vicinity - it would n't need to be in the same postcode for those camogs to start trying to take each others heads off . 
  and that 's ignoring the hair pulling , digs in the ribs , trips , stepping on toes , back chat and the fight that broke out because one of them had managed to cover her opponent in still fresh fake tan after a shoulder challenge . 
  they do that in london , but with more clothes on . 
  it 's called `` commuting '' . 
  just to add on the snp , they competed in 59 seats and won 56 , but their vote share within scotland was only 48 % . 
  electoral reform has.never really been a big issue , despite the obvious flaws in first past the post . 
  a geographical entity with a shared history and many shared cultural traits . 
  post-brexit , i 've been more willing to use `` european '' as an identity , but that 's as much of an anti-brexit statement as it is a true heartfelt allegiance . 
  the independence referendum was a bit of a fault line , the older generations tending towards staying with the united kingdom , the younger generations tending to be.more pro-independence . 
  religious observance is declining with the younger people , and our younger people tend to be more open to multi-culturalism and lgbt rights . 
  polite and professional on a personal level , and they tend to make efforts to defuse situations rather than arrest people unless necessary . 
  systematically , scotland recently moved to a national police force , which has come into a lot of criticism . 
  for example , they did n't investigate a car wreck on a motorway for three days , which turned out to have a badly injured casualty inside . 
  the national police service has also been criticised for applying methods of policing suited to big cities in small villages ( armed patrols in beauly , for example ) . 
  overall : people good ; systems bad . 
  british stag dos are already getting themselves a bad reputation in bucharest , i think that 's the first step ? 
  * and the land lay still * ( i end up recommending this book on so many threads ) . 
  it tells the story of the second half of the last century i 'm scotland through the eyes of a cast of characters tied together by a photography exhibition . 
  it covers the legacy of the 2nd world war , deindustrialisation and the revival of the independence movement . 
  it 's a well written and quite moving novel , although it veers into historical exposition rather than plot at times . 
  * one fine day in the middle of the night * imagine the events of die hard occurring at a school reunion ... 
  it 's funny , violent , crude and also gives a decent insight into what a scottish childhood looked like . 
  glaswegians describe themselves as `` gallus '' . 
  they think it means cheeky and charming in a confident way ; the rest of scotland thinks it means that they 're convinced their shite smells of roses . 
  [ gallus supposedly derives from gallows , and is referencing the nonchalant swagger condemned men would adopt to hide their fear before they were hanged ], 
  i did n't realise it was a separate term , but because of the weather outside seating at caf\u00e9s is n't normal in scotland - i 'm guessing ireland 's the same . 
  which is rather ignorant of us , given that the anglophone world has had it 's own conflicts based on the fault lines drawn by the protestant reformation . 
  conflicts which have n't entirely gone away . 
  the comedian craig ferguson hosts a primetime chat show in the us , but is n't really well known in scotland . 
  `` do you support rangers or celtic ? '', 
  - actually , i 'm from aberdeen `` so who do you prefer , rangers or celtic ? '', 
  * triggered * [ to be fair , i 'm less ( like the tiniest bit less ) triggered by foreigners saying this compared to last , say , glaswegians ], 
  the highland clearances . 
  whilst the highlands could n't really support such a large population of subsistence farmers , especially in a rapidly industrialising society , the manner in which entire communities were evicted and their homes and crops destroyed was brutal and often deliberately cruel . 
  as the clearances followed the repression on gaels and gaelic culture which followed the failed jacobite rising , the clearances are often seen as a deliberate attempt to obliterate a culture , language and way of life . 
  ironically , scotland was struck by the same potato blight as ireland , but because most of the subsistence farmers had already left , the effects were n't as severe . 
  some of the battles in the first world war could also be mentioned . 
  because of the localised recruiting and organisation of the british army , a bad day for the army could be ruinous for a particular village , for example , most of the menfolk of the small village of ballachulish were killed in the period of only a few minutes at the battle of festubert . 
  a lot of impressions of scots accents seem to thing that we talk with elongated vowels ( e.g. 
  in general , ( especially in the east ) we tend to talk in quite a clipped , staccato manner ( so foot becomes fit , good becomes gid or guid , speaking becomes spikkin , glasgow becomes glesga etc. ) . 
  one that confuses outsiders is being asked in shops , `` zat ahin fir ye ? '', 
  `` is that everything for you/do you need anything else ? 
  i found the work culture depressing . 
  the amount of travelling to do anything , get anywhere or see anyone was just time consuming and tiring , commuting was miserable and there 's something about mile after mile of endless suburbs that makes me feel uncomfortable , i found that i really missed being close to mountains , sea and fresh air . 
  the last one 's hard to articulate , but i also felt that i did n't recognise the dreams , aspirations and passions of my peergroup , and that for whatever reason , i just did n't quite belong . 
  i ended up mostly being friends with scandinavians , central europeans and other scots . 
  i just did n't `` get '' london . 
  i 've no doubt that by many objective measures it 's a great city and a lot of people love living there , but it just is n't for me . 
  30 degrees and overcast ... in scotland ... !? 
  17/18 degrees is sticky , humid weather here . 
  to be honest , the amount of rain on the west coast surprised me too when i moved across from aberdeen !, 
  i moved to london , got sick of it and * did * move back ( although i 've since moved within scotland ) . 
  i 'm now in glasgow , and i 'm not at all tempted to return to london . 
  that scottish accent impression ... we do n't sound like that . 
  the trend in europe since 1900 has generally been dissolution rather than unification . 
  yugoslavia did n't last , czechoslovakia did n't last , the soviet union did n't last . 
  the uk might lose a bit in the near future . 
  i do n't see any great popular movement for combining countries . 
  it 's mostly american students . 
  they all seem nice , and very excited to be living somewhere different , although i fear that the romantic preconceptions they may have of scotland might leave them disappointed with the reality . 
  national parks in scotland are a bit different to the us . 
  rather than preserved wilderness , they 're areas of the country that are subject to additional protection , as such , they 're living , working landscapes , and the national park designation is more to do with protecting them from external pressures than necessarily being the most beautiful part of the land ( although the landscapes are beautiful ) . 
  i 'd say loch lomond and the trossachs is the prettier of the two , although there 's still a lot to see in the cairngorms national park . 
  but if a visitor wanted to see the most beautiful landscapes in scotland , i 'd advise them to go to glencoe , glen nevis , the cuillins , isle of harris and torridon . 
  not only are these places more spectacular , but the fact that they do n't need the protection national park status gives means that they 're generally better preserved wildernesses with fewer crowds . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/keith_o%27brien?wprov=sfla1 the catholic church in scotland spoke out quite strongly against same-sex marriage , only for the chief to be exposed as a rapey little bigot . 
  since o'brien 's exile , i 've noticed a reluctance from all faiths to press the matter so forcefully , although that may be to do with seeing which way the wind is blowing and as you point out , focusing more on issues that are relevant to voters and the population outwith their congregation . 
  but that has nothing to do with the death penalty ? 
  you first said that he committed the crime without fear because he believed he would be released in 5 years . 
  in actual fact , he was sentenced to 15 , but then acquitted due to mitigation from substance abuse and undiagnosed psychological problems ( which appear to have been a misdiagnosis ? ) . 
  nothing in that article supports any arguments you 've made , other than that the justice system is flawed - surely that 's an argument * not * to put the power of life and death into the hands of the system ? 
  could you provide links to the articles , please ? 
  a bit of context would be useful . 
  right , and when is he actually up for parole ?
