  the actual battle much more resembled the ` braveheart ' set pieces , where the scots - outnumbered 10:1 - tempted the english cavalry into a charge across marshy ground and onto their dug in pikes , before the english rear was ambushed by the scots peasantry armed with farm tools who had been hidden in the forest up to that point . 
  oh , and also a part of the english army refused to take part - unlike hollywood 's version , they were n't infantry , they were archers , and they were n't irish , they were welsh ! ), 
  that the british government murdered willie macrae , a prominent anti-nuclear campaigner who was found with dead in his car in a remote part of scotland with a bullet wound in his head . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/willie_macrae there used to be a uk-wide conspiracy theory that south yorkshire police had doctored witness statements in the aftermath of the hillsborough tragedy to absolve themselves of all blame and shift the guilt to innocent football fans . 
  i 'm not sure if it counts as a conspiracy theory when it turns out to be 100 % true . 
  and of course the eternal one : [ name of referee ] is of [ xyz religion/from abcton ] and therefore biased against [ my football club ] . 
   since hollywood is american , they would probably spin any movie about roald amundsen to paint him in negative light and focus on `` how heroic '' scott was or whatnot . 
   it 's worth checking out a british miniseries called `` the last place on earth '' . 
  it 's based on a book written by a british historian called roland huntford , who is very much a nordophile . 
  the book is savage in it 's criticism of scott and honest in it 's justified praise of amundsen . 
  thanks , it 's good to get a german perspective on the film . 
  if it 's not depressing , it 's inaccurate . 
  scots history is not a parade of glory . 
  ethnicity is irrelevant , but it always seems to be green eyes that steal my heart . 
  yes ; but the dug 's getting the blame . 
  it maybe does n't count , as the events took place in france , but the loss of the 51st highland division at st. valery-en-caux could make a great tragic drama , especially when contrasted with the new dunkirk film , about the evacuation of the british expeditionary force at the start of world war 2 . 
  the highland division had been stationed much further south than other british units when nazi germany invaded france , and they had to fight much further to reach the coast , only to find that there were no provisions to evacuate them back to britain once they 'd reached ` safety ' and the entire division was captured , ending the fight in western europe . 
  st. valery was liberated by the reformed highland division in 1944 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/51st_ ( highland ) _ division #france _ 1940, 
  would do you think the baader-meinhof complex as a portrayal ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_baader_meinhof_complex personally , i felt it tried to be too sympathetic to too many characters , and did n't portray the events with enough grittiness . 
  there 's also been a film made about the landshut hijacking , but i have n't seen it . 
  it also portrays it incredibly inaccurately . 
  an hbo-style miniseries showing the full internal machinations and double crossing , backstabbing murderousness of the various competing warlords on both sides of the border , contrasted with the ordinary folk just trying to stay alive could be fascinating . 
  aye , but there 's shitting the bed and there 's shitting the bed . 
  compared to the referendum , or , say , the national football team , this was the merest waft of gas ... 
  not quite , labour recovered in scotland , splitting the anti-tory vote , leaving the tories to grab first-past-the-post seats on very slim margins . 
  puts a second referendum off the table for a while . 
  the key vote to watch will be the next holyrood referendum once brexit has gone through . 
  if the snp can hold onto internal power within scotland then the independence issue looks more viable again . 
  ironically , despite losing a lot of seats , the snp have increased their power , as decisions are now much more finely balanced in westminster . 
  blinkered , authoritarian , hypocrite . 
  she 's dangerous , and yet what 's even more concerning is that she 's probably more switched on than most of the moon howling idiots that make up her cabinet . 
  you could be wrong ... but you 're not . 
  to be fair , austria 's population is bigger than you 'd expect , it 's just most of them are locked away in the basement . 
  it 's paradise on earth ... when the sun shines . 
  ( scotland ), 
  she 's about to get her benefits sanctioned for not turning up to a job interview . 
  so you 're telling us that may 's finished ? 
  scots are quite self-destructive , and we seem to take a perverse pride in how ` wild ' or ` tough ' that makes us . 
  scotland is close to completion of the queensferry crossing , a new bridge over a large estuary * to allow better access into edinburgh . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queensferry_crossing construction has started on the a9 , a 140km highway through the mountains in the centre of the country ( although the vast majority of this is the upgrade of an existing road ) . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a9_road_ ( scotland ) * the firth of forth . 
  the word estuary is almost never used in scotland , the tidal stretch of a widened river mouth is almost always referred to as a ` firth ' . 
  surprised at that , given how many irish students come to dundee and aberdeen , as those are the places that scots think are the coldest on earth . 
  i suppose my stereotype of irish people would be good natured gaa obsessed ( this is n't a negative in my eyes - i think hurling is brilliant ) motormouths who think they 're funnier than they actually are ; but i think the rest of the world just assumes drinking and fighting . 
  i 'm from aberdeen , so those are all my stereotypes for glasgow !, 
  the stinginess comes more from americans and continental europeans - i guess our neighbours know us too well . 
  there was an interesting thread on here a few months ago about who you told jokes about ; almost everyone told jokes about their neighbours , except the hungarians , who mostly told jokes about stingy scots . 
  i think this is one of situations where the atlantic divides our language . 
  to scots , country and nation are synonymous . 
  we use `` state '' or `` sovereign nation '' to denote that extra ( but quite important ! ), 
  step . 
  obviously , this would n't work in us english , where `` state '' is an entirely different thing ( y' all should copy massachusets and.call them `` commonwealths '' ... except that would get confused with the commonwealth ... :-p ) if you do visit scotland , and please do - it 's a great place - i would n't tell the locals that scotland is n't a country . 
  is stevenage trashy ? 
  i have to admit , as soon as i hear trashy , i think essex , but i 'm thinking `` trashy = crass/bad taste/garish '' rather than just shite . 
  if the people of catalonia believe it to be a nation then it is , regardless of sovereignty . 
  it 's not for others to tell them they are n't . 
  fifa recognises the constituent nations of the uk as countries : arguably more important than un recognition . 
  scotland manages all of those except taxes . 
  fiscal autonomy was meant to be the next step . 
  from a scottish point of view , if the people of the basque `` region '' see themselves as a country , then it 's a country . 
  it 's not really in the gift of others to tell a people whether they are or are not a nation * . 
  * in the abstract sense , rather than the strictly legal sense , sadly , that 's something that often is.imposed from the outside . 
  a lot of the scots stereotypes about meanness and holding on to our money probably come from a few sources : 1 ) the church of scotland traditionally preaches quite an austere version of protestantism . 
  2 ) the scottish education system had a slightly more vocational tilt to it , so scots were often overrepresented in professions such as accounting , banking and the law , which also carry a stereotype of meanness and tightness with money . 
  3 ) because of the above , scots also tended to be overrepresented in the british imperial companies ( east india company , hudsons bay company , etc. ) . 
  a reputation for business acumen can easily shift into a stereotype of meanness . 
  4 ) east coast scottish cities became connected with the hanseatic league , so many scots became itinerant salesmen in northern and central europe . 
  many of the stereotypes that attached to jewish itinerant traders also became applied to the scots . 
  5 ) the english spread bad rumours about us cos they 're dicks ... :-p, 
  scotland : we 'd talk boastfully about how we belonged in the guarded cauldron , but willingly jump into the unguarded one . 
  as i 'm from a country that was enthusiastic participants in the british empire , i feel it 's someone else 's turn to do some colonising . 
  eggsy is portrayed as how brits see the ( well , more like * a * , rather than * the * ) british stereotype , before he gets recruited to the kingsmen . 
  were n't the 2 new carriers procured with the aim if leading to the french navy to use with their aircraft until the f35 planes became available to the rn/raf ? 
  do n't forget the aircraft carrier with no aircraft to carry . 
  i ca n't stand it !, 
  it 's an awful tune and the lyrics are shortbread tin clich\u00e9d nonsense . 
  i 'd like it to be `` freedom come aa ye '' , but that 's probably far too much of a lefty song to gain general acceptance . 
  the northern irish football team still uses god save the queen as their anthem . 
  i know there 's proposals to change it to londonderry air ( the tune of danny boy , if anybody knows that song ) , to give the ni football team a greater cross-community appeal , but i do n't think it 's gained any great traction . 
  flower of scotland is really a pub ballad rather than an anthem , it sounds great at the football , but we should probably rethink it if/when we become independent . 
  i think most uk dialects do it ; it 's an informal way of speaking . 
  northern england less so to be honest , but it 's very prevalent in south east england . 
  poland , because of it 's situation on the borders of the german , russian and hapsburg empires ( and occasionally the ottoman as well ) , poland has been the lynchpin and crossroads of so much history . 
  the homegrown history of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth is also very interesting . 
  i thought combat 18 were a proscribed organisation ? 
  they tried to forge links with some of the proscribed loyalist organisations in ni but fell out over loyalist support for israel . 
  in the uk it 's not illegal to be fascist , but if you are start doing fascist things , you 'll find yourself contradicting a lot of other laws very quickly . 
  i think english and scots law both punish the individual rather than the group , so you see often see ukip , bnp or national front members punished , but the organisations still continue . 
  organisations can be banned under anti-terror laws , and this includes some neo nazi groups . 
  for scotland : fuck : ireland - we have a lot of history , both positive and negative , so it 'd be pretty intense . 
  we 're almost over that weird orange and green infection our biggest city caught from them , so that 's okay too . 
  marry : either norway for the oil money or sweden for the eu passport . 
  because we really , really want to think of ourselves as a modern northern european social democracy and not , well , as we actually are . 
  kill : england . 
  but by kill , i mean beat them at the upcoming football match . 
  good point !, 
  it 's been so unsuccessful that many people refuse to believe is an english word because it 's mainly used in countries where another code of football is the dominant sport . 
  english is happy to borrow words from other languages all the time , and there 's no official body which prescribes correct usage . 
  i suppose the one example i can think of , is that vacuum cleaners are almost universally known as `` hoovers '' in the uk , after an american brand of vacuum cleaner , and not , as some people think , because of the noise it makes .
