  what about it ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
   your second point is all and good , but do you really want to live in a society where you have natural rights just because you 're alive and that they should n't be a privilege for being a decent human bean ? 
  yes , yes we fucking do !, 
  they 're human rights , not privileges !, 
  the notion that rights can be stripped is a horrific abuse of power . 
   you had one job , that was not to murder anyone because the state might execute you for it hang on , are you suggesting that there is a core of people in society ( yours , not mine ) , are only holding off from murdering people because they might be executed !, 
  london . 
  too stressful to live in , too big and too crowded and the working culture seemed to be about working longer hours rather than getting more stuff done . 
  there 's a lot going on culturally , which passed me by . 
  i now live in glasgow , where there 's less going on , but i 've got a lot more time and energy to get involved in the things that are happening . 
  according to my irish boss , it 's 1 ) cork 2 ) not cork, 
  scotland does n't have a national day . 
  our national saint 's day is 30th november , for st. andrew , which is noted , but not really celebrated . 
  no day off yet , but politicians occasionally suggest it . 
  25th january is burns night , when our national poet , robert burns is celebrated . 
  again , this is n't a holiday , but it forms a bigger part of national life with formal meals , poetry recitals , concerts , ceilidhs and quite a lot of whisky . 
  it 's not a universal celebration and neither taking part nor ignoring it entirely would be commented upon . 
  i 'm from aberdeen , we 're seen as the sheep-shaggers of scotland . 
  when i was down south , i lived in london - i heard very few insults based on skin colour , although i 'm so white as to be translucent , so they would n't have ever been directed at me . 
  most banter was based on the impressive performances of scotland 's national football team , rather than nickname based . 
  i 've been called `` jock '' a few times , but it felt very contrived , as if the person was struggling to remember a derogatory nickname for us , whereas `` paddy '' or `` taff '' would have rolled off the tongue more easily . 
  i 've found that `` sweaties '' ( rhyming slang : sweaty sock = jock ) gets used more than the word it 's based on . 
  and of course , the usual suggestions that livestock keep us warm on cold winter nights ( why do scotsmen wear kilts ? 
  because the sheep run away when they hear a zip being undone ) . 
  febs sometimes gets used for our neighbours to the south , it 's an an acronym for `` fucking english bastard '' . 
  i 've seen `` guffs '' and `` nigels '' written on the internet , but never heard them in real life . 
  the gaelic dh seems to cause confusion sometimes as well , the girls name eilidh often gets pronounced as `` eyelid '' ( it 's ay-lee ) by people not familiar with scottish names . 
  * snaa aff a dyke * - to move quickly , as quick as snow melting from a stone wall . 
  * blaain a hoolie * - very windy . 
  * she 'll be buried in a y shaped coffin * - she likes male affection, 
  dunnottar castle https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunnottar_castle most tourists in scotland go to edinburgh and the highlands , and ignore the north east , but dunnottar castle is definitely worth a detour . 
  it 's a spectacular ruined castle on a rocky outcrop jutting out into the north sea . 
  i had to carry out a few bridge inspections on rannoch moor , 10km from the nearest road . 
  i was grateful i got given that job in summer . 
  https://goo.gl/maps/q8pxenvjzoe2 i played a shinty match at * siaboist , eilean leodhais * / shawbost , isle of lewis . 
  https://goo.gl/maps/pjtvl2wpc5y whilst shawbost is an active community with a primary school , there is definitely a feeling that you 're at the end of europe . 
  look inland , and it 's 30 miles of uninhabited peat bog to the nearest town , * stearnabhaigh * / stornoway ; look west , and the next thing you 'll see is canada . 
  being called english and having the uk habitually referred to as england . 
  that said , having lived in london during the independence referendum , it appears some folk within the uk struggle with this one too . 
  the steam engine , pneumatic tyres , penicillin and the telephone were all invented by scots . 
  it 's hard to imagine the world today functioning as it does without those things . 
  also , whisky ... 
  yes , pissed always means drunk , it 's uk wide ( `` pished '' in some dialects ) . 
  `` pissed off '' in the uk means annoyed/frustrated , like the us ` pissed ' . 
  # 1 billion will keep a lot of barns toasty and warm ... 
  ironically , afc wimbledon play in kingston and have evicted the original owners of the stadium in kingston , so that kingstonian now have to play at someone else 's ground in leatherhead . 
  this gets little attention in the press because afcw are seen as the `` good guys '' after the mk saga . 
  there 's no reason to - tropical medicine should not be a priority for nhs scotland . 
  that 's what i was trying to infer by describing scotland 's climate and geographic location . 
  dannyony has chosen a very strange battleground to fight against scottish independence . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-39553391 a scottish volunteer nurse in west africa contracted the ebola virus and receives treatment at a specialist unit in london . 
  apparently , a sub-arctic mountainous nation on an island in the north atlantic is n't fit to rule itself because it does n't have the facilities to deal with rare tropical medicine cases ... 
  independence, 
  probably quite happy . 
  we just tend to get on with things and we tend to see our problems tend as tragicomic rather than just tragic . 
  we also self medicate with vast quantities of alcohol , but take a sort of pride in our self-destructive traits . 
  there 's a few professional teams in scotland , but it 's far behind both football and rugby . 
  scotland is also home to shinty , which is like the ur-sport for ice hockey ; scots emigrants took shinty to canada and adapted it to the local climate ( i know that linguistically , it sounds like hockey should be the basis , but the rules of shinty around contact , playing an opponent 's stick and offside are much closer to ice hockey than hockey ) . 
  it 's cold , tasteless , takes no account of tradition and remains inexplicably popular . 
  it 's not any good , but it is somehow appropriate . 
  * synthetic * ice cream ... 
  which explains a lot . 
  `` black friday '' in the uk used to mean the last friday before christmas , when all the office parties and once-a-year drinkers + would go straight to the pub after work . 
  it 's a nightmare for barstaff , security , the police and hospitals . 
  it 's now known as black eye friday ( other regional variations are available : feel friday - meaning foolish or stupid - in aberdeen ) . 
  + because , as we all know , seasoned drinkers in the uk are * so * well behaved . 
  denis law kenny dalglish jim baxter bertie auld willie miller james mcfadden for the `` holy fuck , did you just see that !? '', 
  standout moment ( france 0-1 scotland , 2007 ) . 
  john hewitt for scoring the goal that won aberdeen the european cup winners cup against real madrid in 1983 . 
  the second goes with the first ; churchill was an empire loyalist and originally made his name by writing journalistic dispatches from his participation in imperial campaigns in the sudan . 
  the empire lasted longer than churchill , but without the empire , churchill would not have been churchill . 
  scots has a few supporting organisations , but singular body . 
  scots language centre ( www.scotslanguage.org ) or scots language society ( www.lallans.co.uk ) are probably the biggest . 
  traditional music and culture is supported by a myriad of bodies , often very local , such as the * feisan * or local music festivals , as well as the royal national mod , the annual celebration of gaelic poetry and song . 
  most towns will have a folk club , where traditional music is performed . 
  the camanachd association organise shinty , the traditional sport in the highlands ( www.shinty.com ) , although this is very much a minority pursuit , comparable to hurling in ireland only in the game itself , the scale and reach of the gaa is incomparably greater than that of the camanachd association . 
  arts funding and a singular body to oversee everything has proven difficult to organise . 
  the specific question 's slightly off target , but the sentiment he 's querying definitely exists . 
  no_real_username has summed it up very well above . 
  parts of the central highlands seem more scandinavian than scottish in landscape to me . 
  the picture of toten looks almost english to me . 
  the football term `` standard situation '' confused me , it 's always called a ` dead-ball ' in english . 
  ( when play is restarted by kicking a static ball , either after a foul , or after the ball has played over the end line ) . 
  probably the late victorian era to the start of the first world war . 
  barring the birth of the labour movement , there 's little societal changes , even allowing for the large scale emigration . 
  devolution and the good friday agreement ? 
  the second was pretty significant and the first has a big bearing on what 's been happening over the last few years . 
  i would n't associate st. andrews with socialism !, 
  and the glasgow university union used to ban women until the 1990s , although the majority of the students joined the more progressive queen margaret union instead . 
  it gets shown in the phrase `` i kent his faither '' in scotland . 
  in other words , `` how dare he think he 's better than us , i knew his father , i know where they come from '' . 
  i 've been mistaken for irish and english . 
  one of these is preferable to the other ... :-p in germany i 've been mistaken for dutch and swedish ; i think i speak german with quite a soft accent , and germans do n't expect people from these islands to speak german . 
  i 've never heard it before either , i just made it up ( english is great for that ; you can just say something and if it gets the meaning across , it becomes a word ) . 
  i think there was an australian in there somewhere too ... 
  `` minsk to prague is n't that far '' - `` depends which way round you go ... '', 
  there were a number of battles during the wars of independence where the scots won by defending a cavalry charge with dug in pike formations . 
  the battle of stirling bridge was probably the only one that was n't . 
  ( as an aside , bannockburn was much more the hollywood battle : prior to the engagement of both armies , robert the bruce , king of scots fought a single-combat duel against an english champion knight and split his head open with an axe .
