  there 's quite a bit of money made from shooting holidays here in scotland , so i do n't think we 'll see those kind of restrictions any time soon . 
  i suppose the people who are quietly helping their neighbours do n't get much attention compared to the people who march up and down in the streets . 
  leaving aside northern ireland ( which i 'm not an expert on ) , i 'm not sure the rest of the uk has much of a religious right . 
  there 's a political party called the christian party , who are the epitome of right-wing christianity ( low taxes and mandatory sabbath observation ) but they are an extremely minor party - the have no elected politicians and in the last election they got a whopping 0.5 % of the vote . 
  there 's also some orange order members here but their political focus is far more on british unionism than it is on free market capitalism . 
  we have 26 bishops who sit in the house of lords , but they 're actually pretty left-wing . 
  the archbishop of canterbury is always telling people to help the poor . 
  what do you mean by `` christian conservatives '' ? 
  i searched for that phrase but ( because i 'm in the uk ) google only returned results about members of the conservative party who are also christians . 
  [ it 's allowed here in scotland . 
  ] ( https://www.visitscotland.com/accommodation/caravan-camping/wild-camping ), 
  if having the ability to conduct a peaceful referendum on the future status of your country is n't freedom , then i do n't know what is . 
  the scottish census has tick-boxes for : - african , african scottish or african british - caribbean , caribbean scottish or caribbean british - black , black scottish or black british, 
   being fussy but ` great britain ' is the term used to signify scotland , wales and england . 
  see the olympic team for example . 
  i agree that `` great britain '' can be a political term for scotland , england and wales ( as in * the kingdom of great britain * ) and it can also be a geographical name for the biggest island in the british isles . 
  citing the british olympic association is n't a good argument for this , though . 
  athletes can join the boa if they come from anywhere in the uk , the crown dependencies or ten of the british overseas territories . 
  there 's no easy name for that area so the boa use `` team gb '' as a brand name , because the uk 's country code is gb ( because country codes are supposed to ignore political descriptors like `` kingdom '' or `` people 's republic '' and focus on the geographical name , where possible ) . 
  it is n't anything to do with great britain as a political or geographical entity . 
  sorry , i 'm totally lost now . 
  so you call the uk `` england '' and you also call england `` england '' , except for cornwall , and you call scotland , wales and northern ireland by their actual names ? 
  and you 're asking for people not from the uk ( which you call england ) to say what they think of the upcoming referendum ? 
  quick !, 
  we 'd better annex the isle of man , seeing as it 's part of the british isles . 
  edit : op does n't like the word `` british '' because it implies the uk takes up the whole of the british isles . 
  meanwhile , he calls himself `` american '' so presumably the usa now takes up the entirety of the americas . 
  so just because the british government sits in london , that means scotland , wales and northern ireland get their identities erased ? 
  i 'm no scottish nationalist but i 'm not bloody english either . 
  so you call the whole of the uk `` england '' ? 
  rather than * macbeth * ? 
  so you want me to say `` the scottish play '' ? 
  good lord , you mean you have to do * that * every time i say * macbeth * ? 
  yeah , where i live has useless optional cycle lanes that people are allowed to park cars on . 
  on the other hand , there 's dedicated cycle paths round the edge of the city and between here and neighbouring towns . 
  probably why people cycle for leisure more than for everyday transport . 
  both cycling and motorcycling are popular here , but more in the way of hobbies than being an everyday travel method for a lot of people . 
  only around 1 % of trips are made by bicycle and 1 % by motorcycle . 
  the government are keen to promote cycling , though we have a long way to go if we want to catch up with other european countries . 
  the only one i can think of is * macbeth * by william shakespeare . 
  yes , but to whom do you do this ? 
  the police ? 
  the district attorney ? 
  the grand jury ? 
  that 's the thing about getting into fights with the queen - if she says she 's going to give you a kicking , you ca n't say `` oh yeah ? 
  you and what army ? '', 
  because , you know , she actually has an army . 
  how does a defence against prosecution work ? 
  who do you plead self-defence to ? 
  / u/aimgorge has either been in a lot of knife fights or zero knife fights . 
  yes , though not all killings lead to criminal prosecutions . 
  inquests into police shootings , for example , often find that the police officer in question acted lawfully in using lethal force . 
  there are a few legal precedents . 
  what constitutes `` reasonable force '' is discussed in * r v palmer : *  a person who is being attacked should not be expected to `` weigh to a nicety the exact measure of his necessary defensive action '' . 
   if the jury thought that in the heat of the moment the defendant did what he honestly and instinctively thought was necessary then that would be strong evidence that only reasonable defensive action had been taken . 
  * r v scarlett * discusses being mistaken about the reasonableness of force used :  the defendant , a publican , sought to eject a drunk person from his premises . 
  the drunk person made it clear that he was not going to leave voluntarily . 
  the defendant believed that the deceased was about to strike him and so he put his arms around the drunk person 's body , pinning his arms to his sides . 
  he took him outside and placed him against the wall of the lobby . 
  the drunk person fell backwards down a flight of five steps , struck his head and died . 
  the jury were directed that if they were satisfied that the defendant had used more force than was necessary in the bar and that had caused the deceased to fall and strike his head he was guilty of manslaughter . 
  the defendant was convicted and appealed on the ground that he honestly ( albeit unreasonably ) believed the amount of force he had used to evict the drunken man from his premises was necessary . 
  in allowing the appeal , beldam lj gave the following direction for juries :  `` they ought not to convict him unless they are satisfied that the degree of force used was plainly more than was called for by the circumstances as he believed them to be and , provided he believed the circumstances called for the degree of force used , he was not to be convicted even if his belief was unreasonable . '', 
  * r v bird * discusses whether you have a duty to retreat :  the defendant had been slapped and pushed by a man . 
  she was holding a glass in her hand at the time and she had hit out at the man in self-defence without realising that she still held the glass . 
  the trial judge directed the jury that self-defence was only available as a defence if the defendant had first shown an unwillingness to fight . 
  the court of appeal quashed the defendant 's conviction saying that it was unnecessary to show an unwillingness to fight and there were circumstances where a defendant might reasonably react immediately and without first retreating . 
  it was up to a jury to decide on the facts of the case . 
  * r v williams * discusses being mistaken about whether an offence is being committed :  a man named mason had seen a youth trying to rob a woman in the street , and had chased him , knocking him to the ground . 
  williams , who had not witnessed the robbery , then came onto the scene and was told by mason that he was a police officer ( which was untrue ) . 
  w asked m to produce his warrant card , which he was of course unable to do , and a struggle ensued . 
  w was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm , and at his trial raised the defence that he had mistakenly believed that m was unlawfully assaulting the youth and had intervened to prevent any further harm . 
  the trial judge directed the jury that his mistake would only be a defence if it was both honest and reasonable . 
  the court of appeal quashed the conviction and held that the defendant 's mistaken but honest belief that he was using reasonable force to prevent the commission of an offence , was sufficient to afford him a defence . 
  in the uk , self-defence is available as a defence against crimes committed by use of force . 
  a person may use such force as is reasonable in the circumstances for the purposes of self-defence ( and also defence of another , defence of property , prevention of crime or lawful arrest ) . 
  it 's up to the court to decide whether the use of force in question was both * necessary * and * reasonable . 
  * i 'm not sure what `` the right to self-defence '' would be ; you certainly have the right to claim that you acted in self-defence , though whether you actually did or not is of course open to question . 
  no , i 've not heard anyone here espouse this view . 
  is it something people in your country believe ? 
   ... navel museums ... 
  either you meant to write * naval * or kiel has some really unusual museums !, 
  i think harris tweed would be a good example - it 's cloth that 's woven by hand , at home , by people living on scottish islands and it 's made from wool from those same islands . 
  it 's very traditional but was n't very economically important , however there 's been a huge increase in demand recently from famous fashion designers and it 's become a very lucrative , though still traditional , business . 
  in terms of economic output , our biggest traditional craft is probably making scotch whisky . 
  there are also a lot of traditional foods that are exported - the area i live in is famous for its smoked haddock . 
  switzerland is part of the schengen area but not part of the european union customs union so goods coming into switzerland may need to be inspected even though people can pass freely . 
  according to this article - [ `` the folks on ` ice lake rebels ' have grocery stores nearby '' ] ( https://www.axs.com/the-folks-on-ice-lake-rebels-have-grocery-stores-nearby-24158 ) , it 's a reality tv programme about people living on houseboats on a lake in yellowknife , the capital of the northwest territories in canada . 
  if it 's just the `` living on a houseboat '' part that op is interested , then that 's perfectly legal in the uk . 
  apparently there are 10,000 people living on boats just in london . 
  if it 's the `` living off the land '' part that you 're interested in , that 's a bit more difficult . 
  hunting and fishing are strictly regulated here . 
   1 ) it was the first successful independence war against a european power . 
  i suppose you 're discounting the wars of scottish independence because scotland fought those to * retain * independence from england , not to gain it , which is fair enough . 
  i 'm more curious as to why you do n't count the swedish war of liberation ( 1521 to 1523 , sweden gained independence from the kalmar union ) or the eighty years ' war ( 1568 to 1648 , the netherlands gained independence from spain ) or the portuguese restoration war ( 1640 to 1668 , portugal gained independence from spain ) . 
  it is a bit odd , though we 're not the only sovereign state that has multiple fifa teams . 
  i 'd be happy with a uk football team but then i 'm not much of a football fan . 
  i 'm sure more passionate supporters would be appalled by the idea . 
  we 're the only part of the uk that did n't qualify :(, 
   scottish years everyone learnt at school : aw shite , wish i 'd paid attention at school .
