  on the morning of battle white clouds forming the shape of an x were said to have appeared in the sky . 
  \u00d3engus and his combined force , emboldened by this apparent divine intervention , took to the field and despite being inferior in terms of numbers were victorious . 
  having interpreted the cloud phenomenon as representing the * crux decussata * upon which saint andrew was crucified , \u00d3engus honoured his pre-battle pledge and duly appointed saint andrew as the patron saint of scotland . 
  the white saltire set against a celestial blue background is said to have been adopted as the design of the flag of scotland on the basis of this legend . 
  [ and there 's these guys , straight outta limerick . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raazsbxweiq ), 
  in my house at least , no . 
  the hot taps are fed from the hot water tank and the cold taps are fed from either the cold water tank or the outside water supply , so the water temperature can vary . 
  [ why britain uses separate hot and cold taps . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhguu_8kga ), 
  `` cheddar cheese '' is n't protected but `` west country farmhouse cheddar '' is . 
  i 'm sorry that your thread has been derailed by the above poster . 
  there 's certainly an interesting conversation to be had on european versus american views on the freedom of expression . 
  the first amendment to the us constitution says :  congress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ... and while most americans seem very happy with their constitution , it seems rather black-and-white to most europeans . 
  article 10 of the echr says :  everyone has the right to freedom of expression . 
  this right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers . 
  this article shall not prevent states from requiring the licensing of broadcasting , television or cinema enterprises . 
  the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . 
  and while posters like factsdomatter seem to be appalled by anything other than the absolute freedom to say whatever you like , the feeling here is that there are cases where it 's better for society if certain forms of expression are controlled by law . 
  for example , courts here are able to limit the freedom of the press to report on certain exceptional court cases . 
  people here generally feel that it 's more important that vulnerable victims of crime have the ability to remain anonymous that it is for the press to be able to name those people . 
  i guess most americans , used to their absolute freedom of speech , would find this a little bit orwellian . 
  there are many other examples such as laws against perjury or perverting the course of justice or obscenity or defamation or patient confidentiality or trade secrets or classified material or copyright or patents or advertising and so on . 
  i suspect that most of these also are limited by law in the usa , and that american freedom of speech is n't quite as untouchable as factsdomatter has made out . 
  the definition of free speech in the uk , taken from the human rights act 1998 ( our implementation of the european convention on human rights ) :  everyone has the right to freedom of expression . 
  this right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers . 
  this article shall not prevent states from requiring the licensing of broadcasting , television or cinema enterprises . 
   the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . 
  i do n't think this definition needs to be changed . 
  wow :o i have n't watched the six nations for a few years - the last time i watched it i think scotland came last . 
  thanks for not always beating scotland at rugby ... oh ... never mind . 
  ^ at ^ least ^ we ^ can ^ still ^ beat ^ italy ^ sometimes . 
  and the english have good cheese and cider . 
  does * le tunnel sous la manche * make us neighbours ? 
  either way , thanks for taking our tourists and sending us cheese and wine . 
  seven neighbours !, 
  my post will be a bit shorter ... ireland - a great bunch of lads . 
  sorry , i was n't clear - because bars and restaurants already have pint glasses for serving beer and wine , they use those same glasses for serving soft drinks . 
  edinburgh ( if you count that ) , paris and valetta . 
  i 've travelled through london but would n't really count that as visiting it . 
  draught beer and cider in the uk is only allowed to be sold in certain sizes : 189 ml , 284 ml , 375 ml and multiples of 284 ml . 
  the most common glass is 568 ml ( an imperial pint ) so this tends to get used for soft drinks that are dispensed from a gun . 
  if you order a soft drink that does n't get dispensed then it comes in a 330 ml can . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking . 
  if i order `` soda '' with a meal then it 's usually a pint - 568 ml - which seems like a perfectly adequate amount to drink with a meal . 
  and if i was still thirsty i could order another . 
  i 've never eaten anywhere that limited the amount of soft drinks you could order . 
  hmm , i would say that i see northern ireland the same way i see england and wales . 
  culturally we are very similar ( we 're part of the same country after all ) - we mostly speak the same language and eat the same foods and enjoy the same things . 
  politically though , we seem to be very different . 
  if you look at map of [ election results ] ( http://indy100.independent.co.uk/image/1798-ma4fy2.png ) or [ how people voted in the brexit referendum ] ( http://www.vir.com.vn/stores/news_dataimages/hung/062016/25/09/afp-infographic-brexit-data.jpg ) you can see a clear divide between different parts of the uk . 
  right back at ya , big man . 
  are you mutt and jeff mate ? 
  i had a look at the list earlier and did n't see anything about hospital administrators , just doctors , nurses and medical technicians . 
  hospital administration sounds pretty skilled but now that i think about it , i 'm not sure experience in the us would transfer over here very well - our healthcare systems operate quite differently . 
  to move to the uk you will need a work visa . 
  there are a few different types but we can rule out the ones for temporary workers and for people looking to start businesses here . 
  that leaves the tier 2 ( general ) and tier 2 ( intra-company transfer ) visas . 
  the intra-company transfer visa can often be the easier one to get . 
  you would need to be working for an american company who have a presence in the uk and then get that company to transfer you over here . 
  however , you mentioned being a hospital administrator and i ca n't imagine that an american hospital would have a branch over here . 
  so , on to tier 2 ( general ) visas . 
  to get one of these you need to be offered a skilled job by an organisation that is licensed to sponsor work visas . 
  good news - hospital administration sounds like skilled work to me and the various national health services here are all able to sponsor foreign workers , in fact they employ a huge number of them . 
  here 's the website for recruitment for the nhs in england and wales - https://www.jobs.nhs.uk . 
  they 've even got advice for people applying from overseas . 
  here 's the site for nhs scotland - https://jobs.scot.nhs.uk - and for northern ireland - https://www.hscrecruit.com there are also a few private hospitals here but i think they all operate independently ; you 'd have to compile a list of them and then approach each one individually . 
  strike a light , guvna !, 
  i do n't know if it 's the same with the stations you mentioned , but in my part of the world you can get an app for your phone that has live updates of train arrivals and departures . 
  this means you can check on your phone shortly before arriving and see which platform your train is arriving at and which platform your next train is departing from , so you only need to worry about following the signs for that platform . 
   one of the small marvels of my first trip to europe was the discovery that the world could be so full of variety , that there were so many different ways of doing essentially identical things , like eating and drinking and buying cinema tickets . 
  it fascinated me that europeans could at once be so alike -- that they could be so universally bookish and cerebral , and drive small cars , and live in little houses in ancient towns , and love soccer , and be relatively unmaterialistic and law-abiding , and have chilly hotel rooms and cosy and inviting places to eat and drink -- and yet be so endlessly , unpredictably different from each other as well . 
  i loved the idea that you could never be sure of anything in europe . 
   i still enjoy that sense of never knowing quite what 's going on . 
  in my hotel in oslo , where i spent four days after returning from hammerfest , the chambermaid each morning left me a packet of something called bio tex bl\u00e5 , a ` minipakke for ferie , hybel og weekend ' , according to the instructions . 
  i spent many happy hours sniffing it and experimenting with it , uncertain whether it was for washing out clothes or gargling or cleaning the toilet bowl . 
  in the end i decided it was for washing out clothes -- it worked a treat -- but for all i know for the rest of the week everywhere i went in oslo people were saying to each other , ` you know , that man smelled like toilet-bowl cleaner . ', 
  - bill bryson , * neither here nor there *, 
   frisian is the closest language to english !, 
  unless you 're prepared to define scots as a language . 
   are you including the induction things in electric cookers ? 
  it 's usually just your bog-standard elements i see . 
  i think my dad might have an induction hob . 
  it 's not something i 've paid attention to - maybe i should !, 
    but then if it 's going to happen anywhere i suppose it would be england ... well , that might be the issue - i do n't live in england and i 've only ever stayed in one private house there , though it did have a freestanding gas cooker . 
  i 've had electric cookers everywhere i 've stayed and for people i know i would estimate around two-thirds electric cookers to one-third gas cookers and the occasional outlier like an aga or something . 
  presumably you and i move in different social circles ? 
  or perhaps it 's geographical ? 
   gas hob , electric oven is the norm in the uk . 
  i 've never seen this ; i 've only ever seen electric cookers or gas cookers . 
  not the worst one but perhaps the most common one i see is people thinking that ireland is still part of the uk - [ including this tv host who is baffled by the fact ireland uses the euro when `` the rest of the uk '' uses the pound . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/t0iivyfm4yo?t=6m58s ), 
  nah , must be the vatican . 
  a year-round temperature of 18 \u00b0 c or higher is the definition of a tropical climate - nowhere in europe has this sort of climate . 
  if it was the british empire running this sub then we would just call the whole of south asia * british india * and israel and palestine would be lumped together as * mandatory palestine . 
  scotland 's still cool though , right ? 
  what ? 
  what happened to the * vieille alliance ? 
  * let 's team up and make england france again . 
  * sobs .
