  additionally , raise the youth minimum wage for part time jobs ( such as babysitting , or mowing the lawn ) from $ 4.25 to $ 15 . 
  finally , raise minimum wage for tipped workers ( such as waiters ) from $ 2.13 ( excluding tips ) to $ 15 ( also excluding tip ) . 
  minimum wage is pretty mainstream here . 
  if he 's proposing a big increase then i 'd call that left-wing . 
   immigration : create a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million illegal immigrants who are already in the country , but make it harder for future foreign workers to compete with american workers . 
  this is too different from scotland 's situation to really compare . 
   healthcare : replace all private healthcare insurance with a single payer healthcare system . 
  this would be pretty left here . 
  almost all parties support the single-payer , universal nhs but also allow private healthcare to run alongside it . 
   campaign finance : overturn citizens united ( supreme court ruling that allowed corporations and unions to endorse political candidates ) , and amend the constitution to allow the government to regulate campaign donations we already have strict campaign spending laws and , as far as i know , no parties have proposed changing them . 
   climate change : order the department of justice to investigate climate change deniers , and end government subsidies to oil companies . 
  ban arctic drilling , offshore drilling , coal mining , nuclear power , and fracking , and ban the export of oil from the us . 
  sounds authoritarian , rather than left or right . 
   banks : break up all us banks with a balance over $ 50 billion . 
  additionally , audit the federal reserve . 
  intervening in markets is left-wing but this falls short of the far-left position , which would be state-owned financial institutions . 
   housing : housing which received government subsidies during construction must have permanent rent-control . 
  lower the prime credit score from 740 to 640 a slightly tricky one . 
  intervening in the housing market would normally be a left-wing position but the left-wing position in scotland is actually to just build more state-owned housing , so this policy is a bit hard to categorise . 
   schools : make all public colleges and universities tuition free for all students , and completely free for low-income students . 
  drop the interest rate for student loans from 4.29 % to 2.37 % . 
  very similar to what we already have here . 
  a very mainstream left-wing position , i 'd say . 
   schools : spend $ 1 trillion over the next five years to update infrastructure . 
  not really a left or right issue here , since all parties support state-run education and that involves spending money on schools . 
  overall , i would say he was a pretty solid left-wing politician . 
  he does n't seem to be far-left to me since his policies involve intervening in markets , rather than replacing them ; if you look at the manifestos of socialist parties here , they do n't propose rent controls on privately-owned property - the simply propose that the state build more houses . 
  it might be a bigger deal for the french than i thought it was ; hopefully a french person will chip in . 
  i was just going by the fact that you still see d-day commemorated in normandy , like the monument to john steele at sainte-m\u00e8re-\u00c9glise . 
  [ there were ceremonies back in 2014 to mark the 70th anniversary ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27700479 ) but i have n't seen it mentioned this year . 
  as other commenters have implied , it 's part of the history of the uk , usa , canada and normandy but does n't really loom large in the memory of other nations . 
  someone from another european country might say the big battles of ww2 were stalingrad and kursk , and other battles that are famous in the uk , like the battle of britain or el alamein or tobruk , are not well-remembered in other countries . 
  not by me . 
  he might do ; i have n't heard anything about that . 
  even if he did , i 'm sure it would n't affect me since i live in scotland and , as far as i know , public holidays here are decided by local governments and the scottish parliament , not westminster . 
  all prices displayed to customers here * must * include any taxes or other compulsory charges in the price . 
  i never tip , though i do sometimes round up a bill if it makes paying easier . 
  should you tip people here ? 
  you can if you want to and it might be * de rigueur * in some circles ( though not any that i move in ! ), 
  but i do n't think it 's ever expected in the way it is in the usa . 
  nobody here gets a lower wage with the expectation that it will be made up in tips . 
  i looked it up and it seems that england and wales have the same 8 bank holidays ( new year 's day , good friday , easter monday , may day , spring , late summer , christmas day , boxing day ) and ni has those 8 plus st patrick 's day and battle of the boyne day . 
  as i said , each town in scotland has its own holiday and mine has : new year 's day , spring , may day , victoria day , trades , autumn , christmas day , boxing day . 
  yes , i should have said that my reply was just for scotland and all the other bits of the uk have different bank holidays . 
  even more confusingly , every town in scotland has its own public holidays that may or may not match the national bank holidays . 
  deep-fried pizza . 
  we have four religious bank holidays ( good friday , st andrew 's day , christmas day and boxing day ) and five secular bank holidays ( new year 's day , 2nd january , may bank holiday , spring bank holiday , summer bank holiday ) . 
  i ca n't remember ever losing electric power . 
  i think my government is doing a good job of funding our health system . 
  there 's very little right-wing influence over it . 
  yes , gambling is legal here . 
  syrians are from syria and north africans are from north africa ? 
  2 ) high rates of drug use and teen pregnancy . 
  3 ) i do n't know of any stereotypes specific to those places . 
  4 ) they like a drink . 
  5 ) my experiences confirm that stereotype . 
  there 's income tax on incomes over # 11,500 per year ; inheritance tax on estates over # 325,000 ; council tax ( a local government tax based on the the value of your house ) ; value-added tax ( a tax on most goods and services ) ; excise duties on alcohol , tobacco and the like ; stamp duty ( on certain property transfers ) ; fuel duty ; vehicle excise duty ( based on the co2 emissions of your vehicle ) ; corporation tax ( on business profits ) ; business rates ( for occupiers of non-domestic property ) ; capital gains tax ; air passenger duty ; betting duty ... think that 's most of them . 
  yes . 
  i 'm a really light user and pay # 5.50 per month for 250 mb of data , 200 minutes and 1000 sms messages , which is more than enough . 
  around 300,000 people emigrate from the uk each year ( i do n't know if that qualifies as `` common '' or not ) . 
  around half of emigrants leave in order to work abroad . 
  the other main reasons are students returning home after their studies have ended , people moving abroad to join relatives and people moving abroad to retire . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.abroadintheyard.com/wp-content/uploads/europe-terrain-map-borders-alt.jpg ), 
  [ directorate-general for competition . 
  ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/info/departments/competition_en ), 
  it would be useful if it did , since tenths of a foott are n't a very useful measure . 
  if british people can no longer tell the difference between 5.9 feet and 5 feet 9 inches then it 's long past time that we should have gone fully metric , 
  five point nine feet is five-and-nine-tenths feet . 
  `` five foot nine '' is five-and-nine-twelfths feet . 
   damn , 5 foot 9 ? 
  1.81 m \u2248 71 inches = 5 feet 11 inches . 
   salopian i had to look that one up !, 
  have you tried having a revolution ? 
  no worries !, 
  i should have said `` the nearest former colony outside europe '' but i thought it was clear from the context of the thread what i meant . 
  i should have said `` the nearest former colony outside europe '' but i thought it was clear from the context of the thread what i meant . 
  scotland ( where i live ) has power over policing , education and healthcare but does n't have full power over taxation . 
  i agree that it 's arbitrary to give scotland , wales , england and northern ireland special status purely because we traditionally refer to those places as countries . 
  yeah , i 'd be lazy and pick new zealand or australia or canada . 
  interestingly enough , since i live in scotland `` the nearest former colony '' to me is canada but , for someone in the south of england , it would actually be egypt . 
  [ `` united states could become an ` associate member ' of the commonwealth '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/02/23/donald-trumps-love-royal-family-may-see-united-states-join-commonwealth ), 
   i very much doubt the current uk support for the royals will outlive her by very long . 
  yeah , i * think * i like the monarchy but it 's possible i just like elizabeth ii . 
  you 'd have to be about 70 years old now to remember any other monarch . 
   are most everyday things small compared to american things there ? 
  yep , though our pints are bigger . 
  we have `` sporting anthems '' such as flower of scotland or scotland the brave . 
  space raj what what ? 
  i did think of that but i was n't sure it was really comparable . 
  we do n't have high school graduation here . 
  [ people here will perhaps put out a few pots of flowers or some other decorations or paint their balcony railing ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@56.4635413,-2.9893093,3a,36.1y,29.71h,110.53t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sgagkyiixzftwcqs_ke1jew!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) but i have n't seen anything as extreme as in your link . 
  operation sealion version 2 - just drive panzers through the channel tunnel . 
  i had an elderly it teacher in the early 1990 's who called hard drives `` winchester drives '' , though that was considered to be an archaic usage even then . 
  err , does the european version look a bit brutal by comparison ? 
   annex belgium ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 )  kill russia - you know why ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 )  kill the russians for kidnapping finland 200 years ago  kill france , as per tradition, 
  the nordic council is n't as friendly as i 'd imagined . 
  * we stole countries with the cunning use of flags . 
  just sail around the world and stick a flag in . 
  hmm , invade belgium you say ...
