  while not a bad king , the fact that alexander iii died childless meant that the scottish crown passed to a seven-year-old norwegian princess . 
  the young princess margaret subsequently died while travelling from norway to scotland . 
  this left scotland without an obvious choice for the next monarch . 
  thirteen candidates put themselves forward . 
  the scottish nobles could n't decide who should be king so they asked the english king , edward i , to arbitrate . 
  edward thought about it for a while and then decided that what he really wanted for himself to be the next king of scotland . 
  the subsequent period in history became known as the wars of scottish independence . 
  that 's correct . 
  it goes from the queen to her oldest son ( charles ) to his oldest son ( william ) to * his * oldest child ( george ) to his younger child ( charlotte ) then to charles 's younger son ( harry ) then to the queen 's second-oldest son ( andrew ) and so on . 
  if william has any more children , they will be in line after their siblings but before william 's brother . 
  if harry has children then they will be in line after him and before prince andrew . 
  he could ask the parliaments of each of the sixteen commonwealth realms to pass a law allowing him to abdicate . 
  it 's possible to do that - it happened before - but i would n't call it `` simple '' , 
  for it to pass to charles , nothing has to change . 
  for it to pass to william , legislation would have to be agreed on and passed by sixteen different countries . 
  seems quite a lot of trouble just to stop charles becoming king . 
  i mean , how bad could he be that it would be worth going to those lengths ? 
  i would prefer to keep the monarchy . 
  just being pragmatic , i do n't think having an elected non-executive president ( presumably the option we 'd take ) would be a big improvement . 
  i 'm sure elizabeth ii exerts more `` soft power '' than , say , joachim gauck or andrzej duda or milo\u0161 zeman ( no offence to any of them ) . 
  yes , you 'll need to be granted a visa from the country you want to move to . 
  for the uk , this means getting skilled work here or marrying a qualifying person ( ie an eea citizen who makes decent money ) or being transferred here by your american employer . 
  something along those lines . 
  as far as i know , every european country allows americans to immigrate there . 
  the uk certainly does . 
  [ look , we just burn americans , we do n't talk shit about them . 
  that would be crass . 
  ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/11/05/article-2228318-15dd028f000005dc-238_964x615.jpg ), 
  according to bill bryson , nebraska is `` the world 's first drive-through sensory deprivation chamber '' . 
   you can not always take the confession as evidence . 
  hell , where i live you ca n't * ever * take a confession as evidence on its own . 
  it 's a pretty shitty newspaper but i would never advocate executing the people that work there . 
  the idea that the royal family are shape-shifting lizards is more widely-held than any notion that we should launch a nuclear attack on one of our closest allies . 
  i 'm also not familiar with the case but from reading the news about it , it seems like the sentence here would be somewhere between thirty years and life imprisonment . 
  the sentencing guidelines recommend thirty years for cases that are `` particularly serious '' such as a murder involving the use of a firearm , the murder of two or more people or a murder that is racially motivated , and it seems this case met all of those criteria . 
  a life sentence is recommended for `` exceptionally serious '' cases such as those done to advance an ideological cause ( which , from your use of `` white supremacist '' , this might have been ) or murder involving two or more persons involving a substantial degree of premeditation ( which this might have been ) . 
  no , i do n't think it 's ever acceptable . 
   many that live deserve death . 
  and some that die deserve life . 
  can you give it to them ? 
  then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement . 
  margaret thatcher comes to mind as being a very divisive figure but i would n't caller her `` the trump of the uk '' . 
   how common is white supremacy/nationalism in europe ? 
   ... is white supremacy/separatism/neo-naziism a common opinion in europe ? 
  it 's very interesting to me that you put separatism and nationalism in with white supremacy and neo-nazism . 
  the party that 's in government in scotland are separatists and civic nationalists - they want scotland to separate from the uk - but they 're very far from being white supremacists or neo-nazis . 
  or do you consider scotland to be a racist country ? 
  you do n't need the quotes , it 's not a nickname - he really is [ the right honourable the lord sugar . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alan_sugar ), 
  before 2006 , i think i 'd heard the name occasionally but all i knew of him was that he was an american businessman with a fondness for putting his name on things . 
  after 2006 , i think everyone in scotland knew about donald trump . 
  from an article in * the atlantic : *  trump had bought a portion of the menie estate in aberdeenshire two years earlier with the intention of building a golf course and resort there . 
  but the area included sand dunes that were a protected site . 
  he was eventually able to win approval -- over the reservations of local residents and government -- and construct the course . 
  ultimately , scottish officials decided the economic benefit outweighed the environmental degradation . 
  that did n't stop trump from whining throughout the process that the government was going hard on him despite his plans to invest vast amounts of money in the country . 
  `` if somebody else had applied , they would have gotten it a lot easier than me , '' he said . 
  `` the celebrity and all of this media and craziness is probably a liability for me . 
  but it 's an asset for the area and for scotland . 
  everybody is talking about this course all over the world . ''  the course opened in 2012 ; it is , according to its website , `` the world 's greatest golf course . '' but trump 's approach had sowed animosity among locals . 
  as the scotsman noted , `` people did n't take kindly to a billionaire american jetting in to a rural corner of scotland , making disparaging remarks about a collection of buildings on a hillside that did n't fit with his idea of an upmarket golf resort . '' a critically acclaimed documentary , you 've been trumped , told the story of how he 'd managed to railroad through the course . 
   almost immediately , trump was engaged in a fight over the wind farm [ off the coast of his golf resort , that the scottish government had approved ] . 
  in 2012 , he fired off a characteristically trumpian letter to first minister alex salmond , the head of the scottish government . 
  `` with the reckless installation of these monsters , you will single-handedly have done more damage to scotland than virtually any event in scottish history , '' he thundered . 
  `` as a matter of fact , i have just authorized my staff to allocate a substantial amount of money to launch an international campaign to fight your plan to surround scotland 's coast with many thousands of wind turbines . ''  with typical humility , he told salmond , `` please understand that i am doing this to save scotland . ''  that was , one might say , a wee bit daft . 
  `` it 's hard to think of a less sympathetic character in the eyes of most scots . 
  despite all his tartanry and trumpeting of heritage , the donald is almost the anti-scot personified , '' wrote lesley riddoch . 
  `` left and right , unionist and nationalist , man and woman , young and old -- it takes quite a lot to unite the people of this notoriously fractious little country in a collective shudder . ''  but trump 's gnashing of teeth about the supposed environmental damage from the wind farm rang rather hollow , given that his resort had been built on theretofore-protected dunes . 
  meanwhile , it was becoming clear that the 6,000 jobs he 'd promised as part of the project were n't about to materialize -- there were just 200 by the summer of 2013 . 
   having lost the fight over the wind farm at a lower level , trump announced in february 2014 he was taking his toys and going -- well , not home , but to ireland . 
  but he also said he would appeal the wind-farm decision . 
  in the meantime , he vowed to keep the aberdeen course open , even as he halted plans for a second course on the site . 
  `` we have a spectacular piece of land for the second course and we look forward to getting on with the project , '' he said , `` but i ca n't do that in all good conscience when the threat of very ugly industrial turbines looms over aberdeen . ''  two months later , however , trump bought turnberry , a golf resort in ayrshire , in southwest scotland . 
  and in july , he insisted that he liked alex salmond . 
  he declined to take a stand on a referendum on scottish independence -- salmond 's life 's work -- saying the outcome would have no impact on his development plans . 
  yet when the referendum failed in the fall , trump wasted no time stabbing salmond in the back . 
  `` had he not littered scotland with these horrible wind turbines , which have raised everybody 's taxes ... i think he would have done much better , '' trump told fortune . 
  but he also added , `` scotland is the most magnificent land there is . ''  then came trump 's presidential campaign , and its long string of variously outlandish statements . 
  there was the honorary degree taken away , along with the business ambassadorship . 
  hundreds of thousands of britons signed a petition calling for trump to be barred from the u.k. 
  golf officials reportedly decided not to play the 2020 british open at turnberry . 
  trump lashed out , feelings hurt and feeling unappreciated . 
   `` i have done so much for scotland , including building trump international golf links , scotland , which has received the highest accolades , and is what many believe to be one of the greatest golf courses anywhere in the world , '' he wrote in an op-ed . 
  `` the uk politicians should be thanking me instead of pandering to political correctness . ''  and then , finally , came the repudiation at the u.k. supreme court . 
  trump has again vowed to appeal to a european court , but the odds of a victory are vanishing toward nothing . 
  salmond , who resigned his leadership of the scottish national party and the first ministership after scotland 's independence referendum , got a chance for sweet revenge , branding trump `` three times a loser . ''  what went wrong in trump 's relationship with his mother 's homeland ? 
  the donald has built his incredible rise in u.s politics by courting a political constituency that feels ignored by politicians . 
  in scotland , acting as a businessman , he adopted a much more traditional approach : he assiduously worked to win over powerful national leaders , whether in the labour party or the scottish national party . 
  that worked for a while -- for example , it helped him overcome the resistance of local aberdeenshire officials to his golf development . 
  in the long run , however , his act wore thin . 
  his bombast alienated salmond and other government officials , and it never won over many ordinary scots . 
   trump seems to have believed that his nostalgia for his mother 's homeland -- newly felt when he needed approval for his golf courses -- would win over scottish hearts . 
  `` i do n't feel like an interloper , '' he once said . 
  `` i do n't feel that people see me as an outsider . '' he seems to have been wrong . 
  scots are n't in desperate need of another rich american with a seemingly superficial desire to connect with his roots . 
  such americans are easy to find -- scarfing haggis , neeps , and tatties on the royal mile , or standing on a street corner in st. andrews , sporting ill-fitting tartan golf gear . 
  trump may have been wealthier than the rest , but he was also louder , ruder , and less endearing . 
   also what would happen in general if the monarch died without an heir ? 
  for the uk ( and the other commonwealth realms ) this just is n't feasible due to the huge number of people who are in line to the throne . 
  you would have to have [ over five thousand ] ( http://www.wargs.com/essays/succession/2011.html ) people die at the same time for there to be no obvious heir to the throne .
