  i 've also heard the same thing for other places in the uk too though , so who knows , 
  it 's not common to eat a meal of haggis apart from on special occasions , mainly burns night ( january 25th , when we celebrate our national poet robert burns ) but also hogmanay ( new year ) and st andrew 's day ( november 30th , our patron saint 's day ) . 
  it is fairly common though to have haggis as an ingredient in other dishes such as chicken balmoral ( chicken breast stuffed with haggis ) . 
  there 's even ( italians should stop reading now ) [ haggis pizza ] ( http://www.cosmospizzas.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/pizza-haggis.jpg ) . 
  edit : you 're right that it 's illegal to import british meat to the us but it 's also illegal to use lungs in food in the us , which is why i said * proper * haggis was illegal . 
   there are more scottish americans than scottish scots !, 
  and yet proper haggis is still illegal in the usa . 
  tsk , tsk ... , 
  we used to engage with him but now it 's just a knee-jerk `` oh , it 's that guy again '' . 
  cool , i never knew there was a celtic union sub . 
  i 'd seen the idea mentioned on / r/scotland but i think you 're right that it 's probably very unlikely to happen . 
  even support for scotland leaving the uk is only somewhere around 50-50 at the moment . 
  i the direction we 'll go in depends on what form exactly brexit is going to take . 
  `` interesting times '' as they say . 
  luckily we 've got the us presidential election to distract us  seriously though , scotland is on trump 's shit list because our government took him to court over his golf course and won so we 'd rather you did n't make him your president , if that 's ok . 
  sadly , we 've never had a techno anthem but scotland the brave has been used as a sporting anthem i believe . 
  all of the uk technically has the same national anthem - we are the same country , after all - but it gets a bit tedious when we play each other at sport so there are a few different anthems that get used . 
  i have n't seen much of craig ferguson but i liked what i did see . 
  he did a special episode where he visited scotland and one of the places he goes to is just up the road from me . 
  it 's not often you see arbroath on the tv !, 
  those were all very interesting points you brought up , which in my book is better than just saying something nice for the sake of it . 
  sure , some of my best friends are english and we get on fine . 
   i do want to learn , and exchange global viewpoints , which i why i subbed there in the first place . 
  an admirable sentiment . 
  i do n't have a list of nice things i want people to say about my country . 
  what do * you * think about scotland ? 
  about scottish people ? 
  the reason for having the european commission initiate legislation is that the needs of the union as a whole are n't necessarily the same as the sum of the needs of individual member states , so it 's considered useful to have a body made up of people who do n't represent individual member states to be the ones who initiate legislation . 
  it 's left to members of the council of the european union to argue how the proposed legislation would affect their particular country and to members of the european parliament to argue the political case for the legislation . 
  the european council is just supposed to provide overall direction and momentum for the eu . 
  to be honest , most heads of government are probably busy enough as it is without having to debate all the proposed eu legislation . 
  did you ever see that john oliver bit where he talks about scotland picking the unicorn as our national animal and the other countries saying , `` what ? 
  nobody told us you could pick mythical beasts !, 
  we 've got [ a 104-gun ship of the line ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hms_victory ) ready . 
  she 's mostly for use against the french and spanish but i 'm sure she could take on a few dutch ships . 
  clearly the only way to settle this is with a large sea battle between wooden warships . 
  winner gets the loser 's caribbean possessions . 
  ah but those just request though - ours requests and requires . 
   close enough to civilisation i know what you mean . 
  i live in north-east scotland and you can travel south for an hour and there 's big cities and airports and so on , or you can travel north for an hour and it 's all mountains and lochs and castles and whisky distilleries . 
  i promise you i am answering your posts in good faith . 
  can you say the same ? 
  you seem to have made up your mind before you even posted about how european people think and act and whenever anyone says anything to the contrary you dismiss it as `` denial '' . 
  there 's no possibility of discussing a subject if you are already determined to dismiss anything that you do n't agree with . 
  if you want to know why someone has a certain opinion then you need to ask that particular person ; it 's no use coming to / r/askeurope and asking us . 
  we can only tell you our own personal opinions on things or look up information . 
  `` what is the schengen area ? '', 
  is a good question for this sub ; `` why are you lecturing me ? '', 
  is not . 
  anyway , i do n't think we 're making much progress here , do you ? 
  you seem , to me , to be unhappy about non-americans commenting on the usa and you believe these comments to be lecturing in tone and evidence of obsession . 
  you 've been told by pretty much every person on here that these comments are generally harmless in nature and not evidence of any kind of obsession and that even if people are making extreme comments , that should not be something that you let upset you . 
  people on reddit are going to make comments on every subject and some will be things you agree with and some wo n't and some will be well-informed and some wo n't and you can choose to engage with people or you can choose to ignore them . 
  what you must not do is take every mention of the usa as some sort of attack on you or your country . 
  it 's not a healthy way to live . 
  if someone says that they think the usa is comparable to nazi germany their either roll your eyes , mutter `` idiot '' to yourself and move on or , if you think that person might have an argument to back their comment up , ask why they think what they think . 
  perhaps you 'll be able to educate them or just possibly they might make a point you had n't considered , even though you do n't agree with them . 
  just do n't take it too personally . 
  ok , but so what if someone literally wrote `` i believe the usa is the same as nazi germany '' ? 
  that 's just their opinion . 
  no doubt your opinion is different ; perhaps you think the pledge of allegiance is an important part of building national unity . 
  but it 's possible for people to state their opinions on a subject without that meaning they are obsessed with it , or that they are lecturing you . 
  is n't it ? 
  again , if you think every expression of an opinion is someone lecturing you then you should closely examine those feelings , because i assure you - and others on this thread will back me up - i assure you that those are not normal feelings . 
  most people are able to exchange opinions , even very extreme and unpopular opinions , without it being a personal matter . 
  yeah . 
  i feel bad for being rude to him earlier , the guy 's clearly got issues . 
  it 's not fake concern . 
  i thought you were just trolling at first but i 'm properly worried by your behaviour . 
  all you 've done in this thread is post harmless comments by people and then say `` do n't you see ? 
  this person is * obsessed * with the usa ! '' . 
  none of the comments you 've brought up have been anything other than people just expressing their opinions or experiences and yet you seem to be genuinely upset by this . 
  that is n't healthy and if you are feeling persecuted or that everyone is talking about you then you should speak to someone about those feelings . 
  look mate you need to stop letting stuff like this upset you . 
  these are harmless comments , just people voicing their opinions . 
  but even if they really were abusive , it does n't matter . 
  there could be a sub called / r/americasucks where every single comment was `` america sucks ! '', 
  and * it would n't matter . 
  * do n't let it upset you , just try and ignore those comments if you feel like people are lecturing you . 
  have you spoken to anyone in real life about these feelings ? 
  do you feel like people are lecturing you outside of reddit as well ? 
  i 'm honestly not being cheeky , a friend of mine had something similar happen , where she though innocent comments were actually people having a go at her . 
  i 'm a bit worried for op . 
  the comment about patriotism is someone going out of their way to not cause offence when commenting on a difference between cultures and yet op still found it upsetting . 
  i 'm starting to think op might be genuinely paranoid . 
  well , that has n't been my experience of reddit . 
  perhaps you need to subscribe to some nicer europeans subs ? 
  / r/scotland is very friendly and we 've got quite a few americans who post there asking about where to visit or about scotch whisky and so on . 
  you could n't be more wrong . 
  someone on this thread is unhealthily obsessed but it 's not me . 
  either you 're here just to wind people up , which is sad , or you 're taking innocent comments on reddit very harshly and personally , in which case you have my sympathy . 
  i was serious about how you might want to take a break from reddit or try and avoid upsetting content . 
  please believe me that the vast majority of europeans go about their daily lives without thinking much about the usa and those who do think about it are overwhelmingly positive about the country . 
  the usa is the top non-european holiday destination for british people - we love it over there !, 
  if we 're not overflowing with praise online that 's just because our national inclination is to moan about things but please do n't think just because someone says `` i went to america once ... bread was n't great '' or `` their telly has a lot more advertising than i 'm used to '' that people are having a go at your country . 
  again , if you think a british person saying they find tv advertisement for prescription medicines to be `` lecturing '' you then you might want to try and avoid such triggering content . 
  one of the things i enjoy most about reddit is the opportunity to exchange ideas with people from different countries . 
  that 's why i read / r/askeurope and / r/askanamerican and the like . 
  it 's not `` lecturing '' when someone tells you how things are different where they live , even if they think their way is better . 
  my country has a monarchy and yours does n't and there 's advantages and disadvantages to both systems but if discussed them that would n't mean we were lecturing each other .
