  yes , the scottish parliament has the powers that westminster chooses to delegate to it . 
  that 's quite a bit different from being a state in a federation . 
  it 's not the case here and i dearly wish that it was . 
  i live in a city of 150,000 people and there are no coffee shops open after 7 pm . 
  my friends and i used to go to one that stayed open until 10 pm but they 're stopped staying open so late . 
  that 's the one !, 
  [ `` the conservative leader , david cameron , today apologised for any offence caused after he used the word `` twat '' during a breakfast radio show interview . 
  '' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2009/jul/29/david-cameron-apology-radio-twitter ), 
  it 's a pretty strong insult here . 
  there was a study into offensive language in media by our media regulator and it found that * twat * was considered `` strong language '' that was generally unacceptable on tv except late at night , and was comparable to words like * bastard * or * dickhead . 
  did you travel within the schengen area ? 
  the last time i travelled by plane in europe ( uk to malta and back ) i had to show my passport at both ends of the journey and it 's possible that my movements could have been recorded somewhere , though i do n't know if they do or not . 
  the windsors took their name from their actual house but as far as i know they 're the only ones that have done it that way round . 
  i 'm not sure if there is a single national animal for the uk . 
  if you look at the royal coat of arms then you 'll see that the supporters on it are an english lion and a scottish unicorn , symbolising the union of the two crowns . 
  at the bottom there are also intertwined english roses and scottish thistles , again symbolising the union . 
  the royal mint recently issued a series of pound coins with a design based on our four national animals : the lion for england , the unicorn for scotland , the dragon for wales and the stag for ireland . 
  no wildcats i 'm afraid , 
  til scotland voted for brexit . 
  before house numbering was introduced , names were used to tell houses apart . 
  house names are still used for houses that pre-date house numbering or for country houses such as chatsworth house or longleat house , or even for modern houses that want to give an impression of being historical . 
  most houses here only have numbers though , and not a name . 
  the unicorn was first written about in ancient greece and by the middle ages it was known about all across europe . 
  during this period it become a popular symbol for scotland as it was seen as a wild , difficult-to-tame beast and started appearing on coats of arms , coins , etc. 
  it 's the unicorn . 
  seems like a decent enough national animal to me . 
  separate hot and cold taps . 
  in british english , that 's a * toastie . 
  that was who i thought of first . 
  andrew carnegie and john muir as well . 
  watch it or i shall send privateers to harry your ships . 
  no offence to my fellow europeans but i grew up in scotland in the 1980 's and i never wished that i was in the ussr or east germany or yugoslavia instead . 
  i 'd imagine that growing up in western or northern europe would have been as good as growing up here though . 
  does the kilt count as traditional dress ? 
  i 'm gon na be ( 500 miles ) by the proclaimers . 
  no , there 's definitely no widespread or official observance of the fourth of july here - it would be a rather odd thing for us to celebrate !, 
  bbc america is an american channel so it makes sense for them to promote their celebration of an american holiday . 
  the bbc channels here in the uk are n't showing any special american programming ; in fact most of the schedule is coverage of the wimbledon tennis tournament . 
  # 31 per month for water and # 90 per month for my combined electricity and gas bill . 
  the only clothing brand i 'm loyal to is dr martens - been wearing their boots for about 25 years now . 
  i think we met up at the station here late on thursday night , got the sleeper service down to london ( about 480 miles ) , woke up as we were getting into london and caught a train to dover ( about 80 miles ) then got the ferry over to calais then a train to paris ( about 180 miles ) . 
  it 's actually not too bad doing it that way since you get into london at breakfast time and you can be in paris for lunch . 
  then friday afternoon and evening in paris and all of saturday and most of sunday , then head back to london in the evening and catch the sleeper home and wake up back in scotland on monday morning . 
   anything ending with - burg . 
  it is actually pronounced - burch , but everyone thinks - burgh is correct . 
  how are these being pronounced ? 
  here in scotland we have * burghs * such as edinburgh , dryburgh , roxburgh and so on and these are prounced as `` burra '' or `` bru '' as in / \u02c8\u025bd\u026anb\u0259r\u0259 / or / \u02c8\u025bd\u026anbr\u0259 / . 
  i went to paris for a weekend with the school when i was 12 . 
  it was ostensibly to help with learning french but i was n't taking french at school ( i did german ) and i still went . 
  it was mostly a sightseeing trip . 
  we got a sleeper train down to london then another train to dover , ferry over to calais then a train to paris . 
  while in paris we visited the eiffel tower , sacr\u00e9-c\u0153ur , notre dame , pompidou centre , place de la concorde and the arc de triomphe . 
  i learned how to say * s ` il vous pla\u00eet * and * merci * which is n't a lot of french but will get you through a school trip . 
  i suspect that my german teacher at school did n't actually speak german . 
  over 90 % of households here in the uk have a microwave . 
   bear hands is this a typo or did david hasselhoff really have b\u00e4rh\u00e4nde ? 
  careful now . 
  i have a contract and i pay # 5.50 per month for 250 mb of data , 200 minutes and 1000 texts . 
  roaming is free inside the `` europe zone '' ( whatever that is ) and # 4.99 a day outside it . 
  no idea about tethering , i 'm afraid . 
  not that i 've noticed . 
  big out-of-town shops full of tools , paints , building materials , gardening stuff and so on . 
  if you 're including the light year then you might as well add the astronomical unit ( 149,597,870,700 m ) and the parsec ( 3.0857 \u00d7 10 ^ 16 m ) . 
  we have the mile ( ~ 1.6 km ) and league ( ~ 4.8 km ) . 
  kebab stands ? 
  never . 
  often . 
  occasionally . 
  there 's an old joke : * are you a catholic or a protestant ? 
  * * neither , i 'm an atheist . 
  * * ah but are you a catholic atheist or a protestant atheist ? 
  * the conflict in northern ireland is n't between catholics and protestants in the sense of a purely religious dispute . 
  people are n't fighting over transubstantiation or questions of theology , with atheists and others watching from the sidelines . 
  instead , it 's a conflict about national identity where the two sides are also divided along religious lines , as well as political and national ones . 
  if you 're a northern irish atheist who identifies as british and thinks that northern ireland should remain part of the uk then you might indeed be seen as a `` protestant atheist '' and , conversely , if you identified as irish and thought that ni should become part of ireland then you might be seen as a `` catholic atheist '' . 
   are there distinct british things ? 
  [ aye , sometimes you can tell if someone 's scottish . 
  ] ( https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/images/ic/480xn/p01f8mlw.jpg ), 
  while not officially compulsory , i 'd bet everyone here had to study the poems of robert burns at some point . 
  deep-fried pizza . 
  ok but you have to join the commonwealth of nations first . 
  we only have absolute 80 's , absolute classic rock and radio 6 on in my house , so we do n't hear much chart music . 
  never heard of it . 
  the one from france , whichever one that is . 
  just fire drills for me . 
  it was certainly a factor . 
  the only colony i learned about at school was new edinburgh aka the darien scheme and we learned that it was a very bad idea that virtually bankrupted the country . 
  probably a bit premature to call scotland the uk 's neighbour . 
  retro tech : 8-bit keys , the 8-bit guy and techmoan . 
  computer gaming : ahoy , angryjoeshow and totalbiscuit . 
  board gaming : boardgamegeektv , inside the box and shut up and sit down . 
  history : forgotten weapons . 
  film : every frame a painting , history buffs and oliver harper . 
  educational : cgp grey , computerphile , numberphile , periodic videos , standupmaths , steve mould , the royal institution , tom scott and wendover productions . 
  strange british men with brown sofas : ashens . 
  according to the last census , there were 63 jewish people living in my city , out of 147,268 people in total . 
  do you have different academic dress for university officials ? 
  the university chancellor here gets a blue doctor 's gown with gold decoration and the vice-chancellor gets the same but with silver decoration , the rector gets a red gown and deans get black gowns with coloured facings , the colour indication which faculty they are dean of . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking . 
  i have n't read the harry potter books but i searched online and apparently hogwarts does have a graduation ceremony of some sort .
