  fair enough , but the uk does n't consider gibraltar to be part of the uk so as far as we 're concerned we do n't have a border with spain . 
  gibraltar is not part of the uk . 
   slovakia pls , let 's get back together again , miss u slovakoczechia ? 
  sure , most british people will be friends with at least a few cods and trouts - we are an island folk after all - but i was really thinking of ireland , the only country we share a land border with ( unless you count the channel tunnel and include france ) . 
  they 're a great bunch of lads . 
  from wikipedia :  oliver cromwell is one of the most controversial figures in the history of the british isles , considered a regicidal dictator by historians such as david sharp , a military dictator by winston churchill , but a hero of liberty by john milton , thomas carlyle , and samuel rawson gardiner , and a class revolutionary by leon trotsky . 
  in a 2002 bbc poll in britain , cromwell , sponsored by military historian richard holmes , was selected as one of the ten greatest britons of all time . 
  however , his measures against catholics in scotland and ireland have been characterised as genocidal or near-genocidal , and in ireland his record is harshly criticised . 
  i think your `` why not have a monarch '' comment rather glosses over how difficult this would be in practice . 
  for example , when ireland became independent from the uk and implemented its new constitution ( in 1937 ) , how would they actually go about becoming a parliamentary monarchy ? 
  who would be the monarch ? 
  i 've no idea if she can or ca n't ; i was answering with regard to our head of state . 
  edit : or were you making a joke about theresa may being the queen of the uk ? 
  she made a state visit to germany in 2015 and addressed the bundespr\u00e4sident in english and if she could speak fluent german i think she would have . 
  english and french fluently and probably a few phrases in a lot of others . 
  do you mean the way the queen actually talks or do you mean rp ? 
  there 's already a lot of posts on this thread about why rp is n't a standard accent for english in the uk and those arguments apply equally ( or more ! ), 
  to the way the queen talks . 
  what 's your argument for `` queen 's english '' being a standard accent ? 
  i drink flat whites and the occasional latte or cappuccino . 
  it 's common for people here to have these drinks at cafes but i 'm a little bit unusual in that i make them at home too . 
  my friends like visiting me since i can make them nice coffee drinks and i dread visiting them and only being offered instant coffee . 
  you could scarcely be further from the truth there  no , i grew up speaking scottish english and my education was all in scottish english as well . 
  not once did a teacher try and `` correct '' me for using the same vowel in both * pool * and * pull * or for using the same vowel in * trap * and * bath . 
  * it would be unthinkable . 
  as / u/dorgilo said , rp is non-regional ( mostly ) but it 's definitely not a standard accent . 
  i 'm in scotland and i hear rp so rarely ( even when i was at uni ) that it 's striking when i do . 
  there is n't one . 
  your mum . 
  sometimes . 
  i saw that post on askanamerican and it was a shitshow so good on you for asking for responses here . 
  to echo what others have said , the survey asks about `` different races , ethnic groups and nationalities '' but then goes on to talk about `` diversity '' , which is n't the same thing . 
  your question also only mentions race , which again is n't exactly what was asked . 
  presumably those concepts are all related in an american context ? 
  but it 's not the same over here and the results from europeans should n't be interpreted through an american lens . 
  where i live , the most common ethnic group is white scottish . 
  if there were more black scottish people , is my country more diverse now or is it the same since we 're all still scots ? 
  what if there were more white english people ? 
  would that increase diversity ? 
  what if a white scottish person does n't want more white polish people to move here because they would be competing for the same jobs but does n't have a problem with them otherwise - is that person a racist or not ? 
  new year ( which we call hogmanay ) is such a big thing here that we get the first * and * second of january as public holidays , in order to recover . 
   my favourite game is battlestar galactica mine too !, 
  it was the game that got me into `` proper '' board gaming . 
  http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/travel/cheap-travel-money - it 's quite uk-specific but hopefully it 's still helpful . 
  there 's a website here that compares travel money options and they found that the best-to-worst options were : a special travel credit card , cash ( the best-possible rate ) , a `` bad '' debit card ( with 3 % fee ) , cash at the airport . 
  it sounds like your card would lie somewhere in the middle of that list , where cash could be better or worse depending on the rate you can get and a special credit card would be best , though i do n't know if those are an option in the usa . 
   it 's weird to think that the further north into scotland the less pronounced the scottish accent is i do n't think anyone here would see it that way  sure , people in glasgow and edinburgh can have strong , recognisable accents but so can the rest of the country . 
  [ here 's a man speaking in doric , the dialect of the north-east of scotland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=le3cbrlwse8 ) and [ here 's a woman speaking with a shetlandic accent , from way up in the islands . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0ewquc6wbu ), 
  [ here 's a wee guide to scottish accents . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txpqna8wrb8 ) i suppose , technically , scottish english is more guttural than other types because we have the / x / sound and the others do n't . 
  wheesht , it 's green eyes and red hair that 's best !, 
  we 'll float over and wedge aberdeenshire into the skagerrak and * voil\u00e0 * - scotland can into nordic . 
  so what 's happening to scotland ? 
  are we going to break off and float around the north sea ? 
  that 's sealed air corporation bubble wrap \u2122 to you , 
  i 'm not sure ; maybe * wotsits . 
  what 's a flips snack ? 
  - astroturf ( artificial turf ) - biro ( ballpoint pen ) - bubble wrap ( inflated cushioning ) - cashpoint ( cash machine / atm ) - dremel ( rotary tool ) - frisbee ( flying disc ) - google ( web search engine ) - hoover ( vacuum cleaner ) - hula hoop ( toy hoop ) - jacuzzi ( whirlpool bath ) - jcb ( backhoe loader ) - jet ski ( stand-up personal watercraft ) - jiffy bag ( padded envelope ) - lava lamp ( liquid motion lamp ) - plasticine ( modelling clay ) - portakabin ( portable building ) - pot noodle ( instant noodles ) - pritt stick ( glue stick ) - sellotape ( clear adhesive tape ) - stanley knife ( utility knife ) - styrofoam ( extruded polystyrene foam ) - super glue ( cyanoacrylate adhesive ) - tannoy ( public address system ) - tarmac ( asphalt road surface ) - taser ( electroshock weapon ) - tipp-ex ( correction fluid ) - tupperware ( plastic storage containers ) - vaseline ( petroleum jelly ), 
  carl xvi gustaf is cooler than harald v. 
  every six months is recommended and check-ups are free for everyone ( unless you are a private patient ) . 
  i do n't know how often people actually go though . 
  i 'm guilty of only going when i have a problem with my teeth . 
  open fires are legal but people are advised to use stoves if possible . 
  the law here bans `` obscene publications '' but does n't specify what those are . 
  in practice , you would only ever be prosecuted for publishing pornography if it was `` extreme '' . 
  the prosecution service here advise that pornography involving animals , realistic portrayals of rape , torture , mutilation and `` degrading acts '' are commonly prosecuted for being obscene , while pornography involving consensual intercourse and fetishes that do n't involve physical abuse are fine . 
  [ you can wild camp here in scotland . 
  i do n't really think the uk is going to ever legalise slavery . 
  it was a jab at the so-called british bill of rights that some people want to have in place of the echr . 
  article 4 of the european convention on human rights prohibits slavery but once we get rid of that we can have some proper british human rights like , er , permitting forced labour . 
  though in the uk , it 's illegal to possess , purchase , manufacture or sell  any weapon of whatever description designed or adapted for the discharge of any noxious liquid , gas or other thing ... which is usually interpreted as banning incapacitant sprays and the like . 
  the uk 's largest carnivore is the badger so you do n't need to worry about the wildlife here  edit : [ behold the fearsome european badger !, 
  ] ( https://shopping.rspb.org.uk/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/r/4/r404944.jpg ), 
  it 's pretty common here in the uk . 
  many hostels have free wifi and the rest will have it for a small fee . 
  it 's also common for cafes and pubs to offer wifi , as well as some trains and buses . 
  there 's a few recommendations at https://www.reddit.com/r/scotland/comments/z0mdh/best_distilleries_to_visit/ and you can always post on / r/scotland for scotland-specific recommendations . 
  you 've misread what i wrote . 
  i said that our influence in the eu is going to decrease soon . 
  distillery tours are pretty popular here so if you 're into scotch whisky then i 'd recommend that . 
  i doubt anyone here can remember the middle east `` before the wars '' , given how often we 've fought there . 
  just since world war 2 , the uk has has been involved in : the anglo-egyptian war ( egypt , 1951-52 ) , the jebel akhdar war ( saudi arabia , 1954-59 ) , the suez crisis ( egypt , 1956-57 ) , the dhofar rebellion ( oman , 1962-75 ) , the aden emergency ( yemen , 1963-67 ) , lebanese civil war ( lebanon , 1982-84 ) , gulf war ( iraq , 1991 ) , operation desert fox ( iraq , 1998 ) , war in afghanistan ( afghanistan , 2001-14 ) , iraq war ( iraq , 2003-09 ) and military intervention against isil ( iraq and syria , 2014-present ) . 
  branston 's pickled chutney ( just called * pickle * here ) is the iconic brand , like colman 's mustard or hp brown sauce . 
  yes , mint sauce traditionally goes on lamb and apple sauce goes on pork . 
  apparently that goes back to medieval times , when foods were combined based on the theory of balancing humours and those combos stuck around because they just happened to taste good . 
  not for long :(, 
  worcester sauce , chutney , piccalilli , horseradish , mint jelly , apple sauce , tartare sauce ... 
   i receive the same kind of attention in america , but not on that level . 
  sounds like it 's the case that while you 're beautiful in america , you 're beautiful * and * unusual over here . 
  the reverse seems to hold true as well - i 'm ok-looking here in scotland but i 'm sure if i went out and about in the us in my kilt then i 'd get far more attention than at home !, 
  i 've never lived anywhere that had locks on bedroom doors . 
  barefoot when it 's warm ; slippers when it 's cold . 
  i do n't think the current government are but the former first minister of scotland was in the news today talking about his relationship with donald trump :  speaking during an interview on good morning britain , the ex-mp for gordon called his present relationship with the us president `` poor '' . 
   `` i had two years when i could n't say anything about him because he was suing the scottish government , '' salmond explained . 
   `` he went to court three times in order to delay it and lost three times . 
   `` i probably did n't help things by texting him : ` once , twice , three times a loser . ', 
   `` so i got one of these 2 am tirades about being a has-been and a nobody - and that was before i lost my seat , incidentally . '', 
  one person in every 3,557 in scotland has my surname and one person in every 864 has my mother 's maiden name . 
  my surname is actually really common in grenada ( one in 445 ) .
