  if you take a look at a [ population density map of europe ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/db/10/2a/db102af9ea0a569a83a72f140ce5e963.jpg ) then you 'll notice that the sparsely-populated areas are out at the edge of the continent ; they do n't break up densely-populated areas . 
  murmansk , for example , only has five people per square kilometre but it 's not really on the way to anywhere . 
  are you perhaps picturing some sort of large party-size bags of crisps ? 
  i 'm sure the article means the individual 35g bags which are the usual sort here . 
  according to [ this guardian article from 2010 ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2010/sep/01/crisps-british ) we eat around six billion packets of crisps and four billion bags of savoury snacks per year - around 150 bags per person per year . 
   hardly anywhere else is it possible to walk into a supermarket , corner shop , newsagent , petrol station or pub and expect to see arrayed before you a dozen or more brands , styles , varieties and flavours of crisps including ( seriously ) balti curry , steak & ale pie , chargrilled chicken , chilli con carne , jalapeno & coriander , taw valley cheddar & caramelised shallots , spaghetti bolognese , aloo masala , xtra spice buffalo wing , argentinian steak and bbq kangaroo . 
   but despite such esoteric offerings , walkers 's -- and the uk 's -- top five has remained unchanged for years : in descending order , cheese & onion , ready salted , salt & vinegar , prawn cocktail and chicken . 
  `` we 're creatures of habit , '' says stillman . 
  `` we like what we like , but we occasionally like to experiment . 
  at any one time , walkers will probably have 15 flavours in the market : the first five are generally the same , the other 10 will be changing pretty much constantly . '', 
  impressively , that 's both more and less strict than the law here !, 
  which shows how hard it would be to come up with an eu-wide drinking age . 
  the eu legislates on things which affect the whole of the eu . 
  for example , weights and measures - it would impede trade between member states if everyone used different measures so the eu legislated that everyone use the same standard . 
  conversely , if something does n't affect the whole eu then it 's hard to see why there would be a law about it . 
  three eu member states drive on the left and the rest drive on the right ; it would be more harmonious if everyone drove on the same side but since it 's not causing any issues then it just gets left up to member states to make their own laws on the matter . 
  same thing with drinking age - it just does n't seem to be an issue that needs legislating on . 
  and how would that work ? 
  would the uk be forced to lower its age to 16 because some countries have that ? 
  or would we have to adopt state-run alcohol shops like sweden has ? 
  they can go to university the same as any other student . 
  if they ca n't fit full-time education into their lives then they can enroll in the open university and do distance learning . 
  if they do n't have the qualifications needed to go to university then they can attend a further education college first . 
  there are millions of nationalists here and they seem to be pretty normal to me . 
  in fact , the political party that 's in government in scotland is a nationalist party . 
  bring maple syrup . 
  to scotland . 
  for me . 
  thanks . 
  so the same as the current situation in scotland , england and wales except that .22 semi-auto rifles would be banned ? 
  would that be a good description ? 
  i was away to say that the only thing i would change would be to tidy up the rule about expanding ammunition , as i seem to remember that one piece of firearms legislation banned expanding ammunition while a piece of wildlife legislation required deer stalkers to only use expanding ammunition . 
  however , when i looked online just now to see what the details actually were it turns out that this was tidied up in an act that was passed earlier this year . 
  i suppose i should point out that the royal banner of scotland features [ a red lion rampant !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c5/royal_banner_of_scotland.svg ) apparently lions represent royalty , which is why they appear in the heraldry of so many countries . 
  yes , our heraldic animals are the dragon for wales , the lion for england and the unicorn for scotland . 
  the royal coat of arms , for example , has a lion and a unicorn as supporters , to represent the union of the two kingdoms . 
  i do n't think we really have animal mascots in the way / u/william _ wisenheimer asked about ( other than the british bulldog that he mentioned ) . 
  good info , thanks !, 
  i 'm strongly doubting op 's assertion that europe has unusually small stadiums . 
  premier league grounds range from 75,600 to 11,700 . 
  for the next league down ( the championship ) , grounds range from 52,000 to 7,000 . 
  the league below that ( league one ) has grounds ranging from 32,500 to 5,000 . 
  teams here get promoted and relegated between leagues so it 's possible for a big team with a big stadium to end up dropping down the divisions if the perform poorly , and conversely a team with a small stadium can get promoted to a higher league . 
  wow !, 
  when i was at uni we had a canadian lecturer who used his own book to teach his class but he told us that he did n't think it was reasonable to ask all of us to buy a copy so he was happy for us to make photocopies from it , as long as we did n't let his publisher find out . 
  i 'm trying to think of a way to measure relative stadium capacity but i 'm not sure what would be a fair comparison . 
  nfl seats per capita versus premiership seats per capita ? 
  or nfl plus college football ? 
  how deep into the professional football league would be a fair comparison ? 
  very hard to say !, 
   as far as i know , the entire business of college sports is unique the us . 
  yep . 
  the university i went to has 15,000 students , association football is our national sport and [ this ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-k22x321bkbo/vrrfw50uwji/aaaaaaaaivm/e3pz2ojmnvo/s1600/dscf6083%5b1%5d.jpg ) is the university 's football ground . 
  hardly any . 
  edit : just had a wee look online and i can fly to paris in three hours for # 50 or get the train to the south of england in seven hours for # 176 . 
  rather puts me off exploring more of the uk . 
  think about it this way - what is the `` catchment area '' of stadiums here versus in the usa ? 
  old trafford holds 75,600 people because the area it serves is really just half a city ( in theory , if not in practice ) . 
  the closest premier league ground is only 5 miles away , on the other side of manchester . 
  then there 's two more premier league grounds 30 miles away in liverpool . 
  if you look at the university of phoenix stadium , for example , it 's bigger than any premier league ground but it 's also drawing people from the entire state . 
  yes . 
  we have ones like you describe and also some indoor markets that work similarly . 
  we also have [ car boot sales , ] ( https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-ynd4gpiyeie/vanikzxkj9i/aaaaaaaadkw/yh30gw2d3na/s1600/img_9049.jpg ) where people meet up in a field or car park and sell things from the backs of their cars . 
  i 've had a look at a few different universities here in scotland and what their general entry requirement are for applications from americans , just to give you a rough idea of what places here are looking for : university of dundee :  u.s high school graduates who hold a minimum sat composite score of 1200 ( individual scores for reading & writing and math will be assessed in a holistic manner and within the context of the overall application ) or a minimum act composite score of 27 will be considered for entry to most programmes . 
   entry to some degree programmes will also require sat subject tests or aps in specific subjects . 
  university of glasgow :  method 1 : sat score of 1800 ( 600 + in each section ) or redesigned sat score 1280 or act score of 27 * and * two ap examinations in relevant subjects at 4 + or two sat subject tests in relevant subjects at 600 + . 
   method 2 : three ap examinations in relevant subjects at 4 + or three sat subject tests in relevant subjects at 600 + . 
  university of edinburgh :  a high school diploman plus one of : a successful completion of one year of university in the usa ; sat score of 1290 ( 650 or above in evidence based reading and writing and 620 in math ) plus two aps at grade 4 ; sat score of 1290 ( 650 or above in evidence based reading and writing and 620 in math ) plus two sat subject tests with 650 minimum ; act composite score of 27 minimum plus two sat subject tests with 650 minimum ; act composite score of 27 minimum plus two aps at grade 4 ; three aps at grade 4 minimum ; three sat subject tests with 650 minimum . 
  [ it 's pretty easy to tell if someone 's a sikh local . 
  ] ( https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/images/ic/480xn/p01f8mlw.jpg ), 
  i got sunburned earlier after a day out in fife . 
  hard to call that unusually cold . 
  my dad voted for scottish independence `` to get rid of the monarchy '' and then voted for brexit because `` things were better in the old days '' . 
  cheers faither !, 
  i was completely shocked by the brexit result . 
  60 % of the voters in my city and 62 % of the voters in scotland voted to remain in the eu so i thought it would be a clear win for `` remain '' but i had n't realised just how pro-leave the rest of the uk was . 
  in the scottish independence referendum , i voted for scotland to stay part of the uk because i was n't convinced that the potential benefits of independence outweighed the potential negatives . 
  now though , i think i probably would prefer to be in the eu to being in the uk , if i had to choose just one of them . 
  i 've no idea what will happen . 
  there 's a general election next month where , presumably , scotland will elect fifty-odd snp mps again and the uk will end up with a conservative government so people here will feel unrepresented . 
  i assume a g barr or tunnock 's would be good to work for . 
  easily done !, 
  i 'll sometimes see a post complaining about `` forty-degree weather '' and think that person must live in the middle of the sahara desert , then i realise that it 's just an american with some chilly weather . 
   i ca n't stay up past 1130 anymore . 
  i probably should go to bed because i spent quite a while wondering why you were falling asleep just before noon . 
  yeah , i did n't know anyone who worked 20 hours a week during term time . 
  the people i knew at school who wanted to work would leave school at 16 and get full-time jobs ; the people who wanted to stay on at school would generally devote themselves to that during the school year , perhaps working a `` saturday job '' or , as you said , working during the school holidays . 
  well , i was up late last night watching election results come in and i 'm still in the habit of being up late . 
  ca n't speak for anyone else though . 
  on the other hand , if `` a night of drinking '' involves frosty jacks and a bus shelter then you can have a damned cheap night out indeed . 
  yeah , i 've got friends who are older than me and are into star wars because they were young when the original films came out and i 've got friends who are younger than me and are into star wars because they were young when the prequel films came out . 
  i 'm in between , where i never saw the original films when i was young and then had no interest in the prequel films when those came out . 
  the thing that did come out at just the right time for me was star trek . 
  the next generation was first on when i was in my early teens and then the follow-up films came out when i was in my mid-teens . 
  never seen it , i 'm afraid . 
  what do you mean ? 
  yep , since 2011 . 
  it 's just england that has prescription charges in the uk now .
