  well , here goes . 
   1296  1305 battles in the first war of scottish independence ? 
   1320 second war of scottish independence ? 
   1603 err ...  1688 umm ...  1707 acts of union  1715 jacobite stuff ? 
   1824 ( not well known , but it was more exciting than the english equivalent we all know about in 1666 so i 'm including it it ) no idea , i 'm afraid . 
   1998 first session of the scottish parliament  2014 independence referendum ? 
   every year since football was invented . 
  letting the other countries win ? 
  - everyone who lives north of me : teuchter - everyone who lives south of me : sassenach, 
  truly , words to live by . 
  touch my bum . 
  nah , people in the uk love the cheeky girls and they 're from cluj-napoca . 
  i consider us to be european . 
  according to the cost-of-living comparison site numbeo , a $ 10 pack of cigarettes in ireland would cost $ 6.20 in the netherlands , $ 5.50 in germany and $ 5.00 in italy . 
  from what you 've written , i 'd say you clearly have authoritarian , left-wing political beliefs . 
  i 'd be very interested to know how you scored on the political compass test - https://www.politicalcompass.org/test, 
  you do n't even need to leave the uk to find this . 
  there are schools here that teach in welsh or scottish gaelic , and yes , those schools will have classes called * cymraeg * and * g\u00e0idhlig * the same way that english-language schools have english classes . 
  we mark a cross on a paper ballot with a pencil here and i 'm going to mark it * really * hard . 
  i 'm voting as hard as i can !, 
  - [ edinburgh marathon festival ] ( http://www.edinburghmarathon.com ) - from the centre of scotland 's capital city down to the coast at musselburgh . 
  rated as the fastest marathon in the uk . 
  - [ cape wrath challenge ] ( http://marathons.ahotu.com/event/cape-wrath-challenge ) - a very challenging run at the most north-westerly point on great britain . 
  - [ loch ness marathon ] ( http://www.lochnessmarathon.com ) - a run around the famous loch , plus a festival of scottish culture . 
  as good as the swiss and irish passports are , they just ca n't compare with the british one for intimidating foreign immigration officials :  her britannic majesty 's secretary of state requests and requires in the name of her majesty all those whom it may concern to allow the bearer to pass freely without let or hindrance , and to afford the bearer such assistance and protection as may be necessary . 
  there 's a bit of anti-irish sentiment up here in scotland too but it tends to mixed up with anti-catholic , anti-irish republican and anti-celtic football club sentiments . 
  swiss passport holders have some , but not all , of the rights of eu citizens here in the uk and i imagine it 's a similar situation in the rest of the eu . 
  the situation with free movement of people and switzerland is even less clear than the situation with the uk , as switzerland voted to restrict free movement a couple of years ago , and nobody is sure at the moment what will happen in the future . 
  [ from bbc news  ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-35615604 )  switzerland 's hard-won bilateral deals are now in danger of unravelling over the question of its participation in free movement of people . 
   the swiss government has not yet introduced any restrictions on eu workers . 
  it is still hoping to find a way to do so that wo n't bring further punishment from brussels . 
   but the signs are not good : as well as the stalled participation in education and research projects , key trade agreements on electricity and financial services ( a much longed-for prize for the swiss ) have been frozen . 
   there will be no deal for switzerland , the eu has signalled , until after the uk 's in-out referendum . 
   if brussels is reluctant to offer a member like the uk concessions on social benefits for eu migrants , how likely is it to allow a non-member to restrict eu immigration altogether ? 
  if you 're actually planning to come and live in europe then you 're going to need to decide whether it 's more important to you to be able to move around between eea countries , whether you want to be guaranteed the right to live in any one particular country and whether you need to be an eu citizen or not . 
  the big disadvantage of a swiss passport as an eu passport is that it is n't an eu passport . 
  the uk is having a referendum on eu membership in june so it 's a less safe choice at the moment than getting the irish passport . 
  even if the uk left the eu , you 'd almost certainly have zero problems visiting or living in the uk with an irish passport . 
  i presume you 're asking this with mainly german , french and italian in mind but if you 've got any questions about scotland , ask away . 
  you 'll have virtually zero problems making yourself understood here but you might have a wee bitty trouble understanding us . 
  if you 're visiting a gaelic-speaking area then you might want to learn a few words of that but it 's not necessary . 
  for the rest of the country , try not to say `` lock ness '' or `` edin-burrow '' or `` glass-cow '' , 
  [ you actually picked a poor time to make that joke because this weekend saw huge numbers of british people flocking to beaches to enjoy the hot weather . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-36241589 ) the second photo in that gallery shows people queueing for ice cream cones , which are one of the most popular hot-weather foods , especially the iconic [ `` 99 '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/99_flake ) - an ice cream cone with a cadbury 's flake chocolate bar inserted into it . 
  your `` popsicles '' are called `` ice lollies '' here and are also very popular . 
  both lollies and ice cream as also often sold from ice cream vans , as in the usa . 
  you were right about the british summer not being terribly reliable , so we like to make the most of any good weather when we get it . 
  since one-fifth of us live on the coast and nobody lives more than 70 miles ( 110 km ) from the sea , that very often means heading to the seaside , so we have a strong association between summer food and seaside food . 
  if you look carefully at the second image in the gallery i linked to before , you can see that the ice cream shop also offers fish and chips . 
  you can probably ignore my advice on where to find cheap booze in scotland then . 
  no , europeans do n't hate americans or the usa . 
  my guess would be that there was some cross-cultural miscommunication between the german and french exchange students and their american hosts . 
  i 'd be curious to know what the experiences were of the american exchange students from your and your friend 's schools - how did they get on in france and germany ? 
  i wo n't get into too much detail now ( though let me know if you want more info ) but the us and europe practice different `` politeness strategies '' , so , many things that are polite in the usa are offensive in europe , and vice versa . 
  one example that you might be familiar with is restaurant service . 
  it 's common to hear americans complain about `` poor service '' in europe because they feel unattended-to by european waiters . 
  the reality is the the waiters are actually being polite , by not imposing on the diners . 
  the converse is also true - europeans often report that americans are `` pushy '' or `` overly-friendly '' when in fact they are just acting the way that is normal for their culture . 
  it seems likely to me that the german students in your example were merely having communication issues . 
  the alternative - that 20 german students would sign up to study in a country the hated - seems very unlikely . 
  with the example of the french students being `` hateful towards the usa '' , again , i think it 's more likely to be cultural differences . 
  it 's easy to imagine a french person being shocked by something in america - healthcare costs or firearms being carried in public - and expressing disapproval , and americans interpreting this disapproval as `` un-american '' . 
  you 'll often see americans jokingly respond to a criticism by asking , `` why do you hate america ? '', 
  but i think it 's a joke with a core of truth - that many americans do take criticism of one thing about their country to be criticism of the country itself , or of its people . 
  the other thing that occurs to me is , i 'm sorry to say , that americans often have a reputation for being rather insular , and for not knowing much about the world outside the usa . 
  i 'm told that american education is * very * focussed on us history and does n't cover the rest of the world very much . 
  you hear stories about visitors to america being asked rather inane questions about their home country , and it 's easy to imagine these quickly becoming tiresome . 
  conversely , the us students who visit europe probably have an easier time because people here seem to be more knowledgeable about the usa than the other way round . 
  i 'm sure americans still get asked the occasional silly question though . 
  foreign policy matters could account for some anti-american sentiment here but that does n't seem as likely for the teenagers in your example . 
  plus , there 's little `` european consensus '' on american foreign policy . 
  there was a recent thread on this sub about american military bases in europe and some countries did n't like them ( american imperialism ! ), 
  and some did ( protection from russia !, 
  [ a british website which reviews `` tramp juice '' gave this drink 10 out of 10 . 
  it only missed out on an award because it 's hard to find in the uk . 
  ] ( http://gk007a0336.pwp.blueyonder.co.uk/amster.htm ), 
  cheapest ? 
  either [ white cider ] ( http://gk007a0336.pwp.blueyonder.co.uk/frosty.htm ) or [ super-strength lager . 
  ] ( http://gk007a0336.pwp.blueyonder.co.uk/tennents.htm ) you 'll find these in smaller shops , especially ones with `` booze '' in the name . 
  not something you 'll necessarily find in supermarkets due to many supermarkets not wanting to cater to alcoholic tramps . 
  [ buying a home in scotland . 
  ] ( https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/scotland/housing/buying-and-selling-s/buying-a-home-s ), 
  i suspect that a lot of literature has ... let 's call it `` inertia '' . 
  if a school 's invested in dozens of copies of a book , they 're going to want to get a lot of usage out of those books . 
  when i started studying for my standard grade english course ( age 15 ) , the class i was in was assigned macbeth , because one class * always * got macbeth , another got romeo and juliet because a class * always * got that , and so on . 
  also , i 'm sure the choice of which books to study in the first place was influenced by the fact that other people were already teaching those books . 
  perhaps arthur miller , mark twain and john steinbeck became popular in the uk because americans had already produced lesson plans and study guides and the like for them . 
  likewise with americans teaching british authors . 
  i do n't think my education was influenced much by where i lived . 
  as you can see , we studied a lot of american authors . 
  there was a bit of an emphasis on scottish works - lots of burns poetry and people opting to write about ian banks novels - but not much else , unless you count the fact that macbeth is set a few miles away . 
  when i was at secondary school in scotland ( 1992 to 1998 ) you studied english in first and second year , then for third and fourth year you had to take english as one of your standard grade subjects , so everyone studied it until at least age 16 . 
  there were n't separate english subjects , it was just one that covered everything , including literature . 
  it 's a while since i was at school but some of the ones i remember studying are : plays : macbeth by william shakespeare boys from the blackstuff by alan bleasdale death of a salesman by arthur miller novels : sunset song by lewis grassic gibbon a tale of two cities by charles dickens the diary of a young girl by anne frank of mice and men by john steinbeck poems : tam o ' shanter by robert burns to a mouse , on turning her up in her nest with the plough by robert burns to a louse , on seeing one on a lady 's bonnet at church by robert burns the lady of shalott by alfred , lord tennyson, 
  err ... maybe ? 
  i know eu students are classified differently from non-eu students but i 'm not sure who exactly qualifies . 
  the fees page for my local university talks about `` eu nationals '' and it 's not clear whether all eu citizens would qualify , or they mean people who currently live in an eu country . 
  definitely worth the op asking about but i 'm afraid he 'll have to do a bit of digging to find the answer . 
  glasgow uni offer msc product design engineering and that 's # 14,220 so i think you 'd be looking at fees at that level for any similar scottish degree . 
  education in scotland is different from the rest of the uk but i would guess fees would be similar for international students .
