  i went in january and the weather was great - 18 \u00b0 and sunny , which felt like a wonderful summer 's day after flying out of the dark , wet and cold scottish winter . 
  i think summer in malta would be too hot for me !, 
  i went to malta on a last-minute holiday earlier this year . 
  i did n't really know much about malta so i did n't know what to expect but i also found it a lovely place to visit . 
  i think those would all be fine here . 
  [ according to bbc news  ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/magazine/6939112.stm )  the uk 's rules on baby names are among the most liberal in the world . 
  a spokesman for the general register office says there are no restrictions on parents - except for exceptional cases , such as a name which could be deemed offensive , when an official could refuse to register it . 
  the battle of the teutorekt forest . 
  i think the answer for the uk and its predecessor states is that its sovereignty was never in dispute and thus other countries did n't have to weigh up the pros and cons of recognising the new state in the way they would with a country that unilaterally declared independence , like the usa did . 
  you could perhaps argue that the first country to recognise the existence of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland was the irish free state , since these two countries were both created at the same time by the division of their predecessor state the united kingdom of great britain and ireland . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think anyone in 1922 was going to dispute the uk 's sovereignty either . 
   english/ethnically english ( i guess you could say anglo-saxon but i do n't really know for sure ) [ `` english dna ` one-third ' anglo-saxon '' ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-35344663 ) according to bbc news . 
  it was seven-a-side rugby that fiji recently won ; you 're still the 15-a-side olympic rugby champs . 
  my sister used to work with a guy who would correct people who called him german - `` nein !, 
   parts of ... uk . 
  [ the parts where the people get 25 % of their genes from norway ? 
  ] ( http://sciencenordic.com/orkney-islanders-are-25-percent-norwegian ), 
  i ca n't speak for the previous poster but it 's not uncommon for some british people to not identify as europeans . 
  i 'm not sure there 's really a commonwealth identity either - i do n't feel like i 'm closer to kenyans than i am to ethiopians just because the former are in the commonwealth . 
  to be fair , `` londoners '' is a bigger group than , say , the swiss or washingtonians . 
  i 'm sorry america it 's just ... you 're not very good at rugby . 
  you lost all four of your games at the last world cup . 
  sure , canada did as well but at least they managed to pick up two bonus points . 
  i did n't want to have to tell you this but the other anglosphere countries have been teasing you behind your back . 
  interesting question . 
  probably somewhere around the same level as europe but it 's hard to sum up `` the anglosphere '' because it 's quite diverse : ireland feels closer to the uk than any other european country but the usa feels quite foreign . 
  we speak the same language as the usa but the culture and politics are quite different , whereas a country on the other side of europe might speak a different language to us but have a similar culture . 
  canada seems a little bit closer to us politically but quite north american culturally and australia and new zealand have a lot in common with the uk but with their own distinct identities as well . 
  i have n't visited any of these countries so i ca n't comment personally . 
  it is . 
  there 's a video on youtube called `` why the uk election results are the worst in history '' that points out that in the last election the conservative party got 37 % of the votes , which gave them 51 % of the seats in parliament , which gave them 100 % of the government . 
  not really an international thing but general elections in the uk and local elections in england and wales still use first-past-the-post when all the other elections held here ( e.g. 
  scottish parliament ) have moved onto better systems . 
  scotland 2 . 
  northern / western europe 5 . 
  europe, 
  ah , i know what you mean . 
  i used to play games online with a group of guys from all around the uk and there was one guy from hemel hempstead who swore that all the scottish players all sounded alike to him and that we all sounded like rab c nesbitt , despite us all being from different parts of the east coast . 
  being scottish , i 've got the reverse problem where i 'm fine with glasgow patter but struggle sometimes with films about well-ahd cockney guvnas . 
   scotland : ( i 'm in england )  trainspotting seeing as how this film got mentioned on this sub a few days ago and a few english-speakers said they could n't understand what was being said , i think that makes it ok to call it a foreign film , 
  no problem . 
  we always remind them that if they 're going to visit ireland that they should take a supply of snickers bars with them to leave as a delightful surprise for the locals . 
  ^ ^ we ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ really . 
  if it 's any consolation , we 're usually very good about reminding foreigners that dublin has n't been in the uk for a wee while now . 
  seems like there is n't a week goes by on / r/askuk that someone does n't ask for advice on their plan to visit the great cities of the uk : london , edinburgh and dublin . 
  safety should n't be a concern , just make sure to exercise the same caution when travelling that you would at home . 
  your own state department will have a website with loads of advice on travelling and you should check that out . 
  i just had a look at what the uk government advise for the countries you 're visiting and it 's all standard stuff like keep an eye on your valuables and be careful when drinking or taking drugs . 
  as for the language , not speaking french or german does n't mean you need to be an `` ignorant american '' - a simple `` entschuldigung , sprechen sie englisch ? '', 
  will go a long way . 
  does n't sound particularly insane to me . 
  are there specific things you 're worried about ? 
  travelling ? 
  sorting out accommodation ? 
  finding your way around cities ? 
  language issues ? 
  [ how do italians feel about this ? 
  ] ( https://itresonates.files.wordpress.com/2010/04/sk.jpg ), 
  `` of all the cities in england i 've been to , i think glasgow is my favourite . '', 
   ... do you think that the president of the united states is the leader of the free world ? 
  if i say yes , do i get to vote in your presidential elections ? 
   new eurasian powers ( beside us ) : poland ... the war will be up to 3 years and fought on earth and the moon . 
  we never should have let poland into space !, 
  brexit and then scexit and then screntrance . 
  we 'll probably have to sell it to you soon :(, 
  not really , no . 
  we could probably slag off the isle of man or the channel islands but i do n't actually know enough about them to do that . 
  that 's a bit hardcore . 
  i was thinking something more along the lines of [ the big man . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-d4jqxrebnu ), 
   scottish - rowdy , fight a lot . 
  they do n't like the english . 
  the further north you go in the uk , the more people drink . 
  they swear a lot . 
  this is a load o ' fuckin ' shite . 
  if i was n't so pished i 'd batter fuck oot ye . 
  true . 
  on the other hand , neither oxford has cambridge has a decent american football stadium . 
  $ 14,000 a year ? 
  a year at oxford or cambridge would only be $ 11,800 for a british student . 
  i knew it !, 
  thank you !, 
  what do people in finland think about father christmas ( if anything ) ? 
  when i was a child i was told that he came from lapland but american films tried to tell me he was from the north pole and it was confusing . 
   education primary and secondary education ( ages 5 to 18 ) is free to use . 
  tertiary education is n't free , for example a year of an undergraduate degree has a tuition fee of around $ 2,400 . 
  however , the government will pay these fees for qualifying students , so it 's common to not have any tuition fees to pay . 
  a public body also provides low-interest student loans that only have to be repaid once you 're earning a high enough amount . 
  [ this is why scotland has such a high rate of people doing tertiary education . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/education/education-news/scotland-the-best-educated-country-in-europe-claims-ons-report-9497645.html ) however , if you are an american citizen who has n't previously lived here then you will have to pay tuition fees yourself and at a higher rate , though probably still less than you 'd pay at an american university . 
   quality of life i ca n't find stats for scotland but the uk as a whole has a human development index score of 0.907 - the 14th-highest in the world . 
  the us has a score of 0.915 so our countries are similar in terms of life expectancy , education and income . 
   cost of living averages out around the same as the us . 
  you pay more in taxes here but you spend less on healthcare and other public services . 
  for what you 'd pay in rent in the us you 'd get a smaller house here , but because our houses are smaller things are closer together so it 's easier to get around . 
  gas and electricity cost more here but internet costs less , and so on . 
  perhaps you should tell us what you mean by multiculturalism then . 
  that 's a relief , it would n't do to have a us navy warship `` accidentally '' blow up the offshore wind turbines that so offend mr trump . 
  i 'm sure it will be a very closely-watched election night though . 
  i 've heard similar things , or that companies prefer to base call centres in scotland due to the accents .
