  the most common fruits for jam though - strawberries and raspberries - are used whole . 
  jams are made with whole fruit and marmalades are made with the peel and juice ( but not the flesh ) of citrus fruit . 
  maybe british people are more interested in marmalade than spanish people ? 
  my city is famous for a type of orange that 's made with bitter oranges , which we call seville oranges . 
  * mermelada * seems to cover all the different kinds of preserves . 
  marmalade is * mermelada de naranja * and strawberry jam is * mermelada de fresa * according to my spanish dictionary . 
  i ca n't speak for a whole continent but in the uk it seems like jelly is very rare compared to other preserves , though not unknown . 
  i just had a look at the website for my local supermarket and checked out their own-brand preserves . 
  here 's what they offer : - 7 jams : apricot , blackcurrant , cherry , plum , raspberry , red plum and strawberry . 
  - 5 marmalades : orange ( fine , medium or thick cut ) , orange and ginger , or orange , ginger and lemon . 
  - 3 fruit curds : orange , lemon and lime . 
  - 1 jelly : bramble . 
  which matches up with my impression that marmalades and jams are the top dogs , then fruit curd and then jellies . 
  are you looking at any particular european country ? 
  they 've all got different immigration policies and there would be no point in me telling you all about british work visas if you 're only thinking of living in germany , for example . 
  it 's a bit complicated as england and wales , northern ireland and scotland all have different public holidays , plus in scotland it 's actually local authorities that set public holidays . 
  england and wales : - new year 's day ( 1st january ) - good friday ( variable ) - easter monday ( variable ) - early may bank holiday ( first monday in may ) - spring bank holiday ( last monday in may ) - summer bank holiday ( last monday in august ) - christmas day ( 25th december ) - boxing day ( 26th december ) northern ireland : - new year 's day ( 1st january ) - st patrick 's day ( 17th march ) - good friday ( variable ) - easter monday ( variable ) - early may bank holiday ( first monday in may ) - spring bank holiday ( last monday in may ) - battle of the boyne ( 12th july ) - summer bank holiday ( last monday in august ) - christmas day ( 25th december ) - boxing day ( 26th december ) scotland ( official ) : - new year 's day ( 1st january ) - new year 's holiday ( 2nd january ) - good friday ( variable ) - may day ( first monday in may ) - spring holiday ( last monday in may ) - summer holiday ( first monday in august ) - st andrew 's day - to be taken in lieu of another holiday ( 30th november ) - christmas day ( 25th december ) - boxing day ( 26th december ) the scottish city i live in : - new year 's day ( 1st january ) - spring holiday ( first monday in april ) - may holiday ( first monday in may ) - victoria day ( last monday in may ) - trades holiday ( fourth monday in july ) - autumn holiday ( first monday in october ) - christmas day ( 25th december ) - boxing day ( 26th december ), 
  is the uk expensive ? 
  i know london is very expensive but i would n't have thought the rest of the country was worse than , say , france or germany or the netherlands . 
  you should mention on your cv that you have the right to work in the country where your prospective employer is . 
  if you do n't have the right to work in that country then that 's going to complicate things a bit . 
   i hope the uk stays in the eu . 
  me too . 
   they all think it 's beautiful . 
  particularly scotland . 
   ... they like ... particularly the english accent ... schei\u00dfe !, 
  copenhagen gets 17 hours 32 minutes of daylight at midsummer and 7 hours 1 minute at midwinter - so not what i 'd call `` near total blackout '' . 
  even the very north of denmark is only as far north as i am here in scotland . 
  i cross-posted your question to / r/portugal as i do n't know anything about portuguese education . 
  what country are you in ? 
  i was just thinking that as i wrote my comment !, 
  no , the uk might look a bit like a federation but there are reasons why it is n't . 
  the uk is a unitary state . 
  there are parliaments in scotland , wales and northern ireland but those only exercise powers that the british government chooses to devolve to them . 
  the british government is free to devolve more powers to a local parliament ( more tax-raising powers in scotland , for example ) , or to reserve powers back to itself , or even to create and abolish local parliaments . 
  in a federation , the individual states have their own sovereignty . 
  the german federal government ca n't arbitrarily decide to split bavaria into multiple new states , or to give more powers to lower saxony , or to abolish the state government in hesse and control it directly . 
  for me , a federal uk would be a country where scotland , wales and northern ireland had their own parliaments and england had its own parliament ( or more than one if they wanted to split up into smaller states ) . 
  these would have a clear relationship with each other and with a separate british government , as laid out in a constitution . 
  i 'd like my country to either be a unitary state or a federal state but not the half-way compromise we have that does n't seem to satisfy anyone . 
  ok . how familiar are you with european history ? 
  would you like to start with something that 's more of an overview of a long period in time or would you prefer something that was a more detailed look at a shorter period of time ? 
  would you like something scholarly or something more `` popular '' ? 
  are you european yourself ? 
  maybe you 'd like to read about the ancient history of the place you live in ( the way i would read about picts or celts or roman britain ) ? 
  is there any particular time or place or subject you 're interested in ? 
  i recently read a good book about victorian science but that would n't be much use if you wanted to read about the punic wars . 
  i 'm a 34-year-old british guy and i read the adventures of tom sawyer and the adventures of huckleberry finn as a child . 
  i enjoyed them but i probably missed a lot of allusions and so on as i 'm not hugely familiar with the setting . 
  i think i also probably struggled a bit with some of the vocabulary . 
  i can still picture scenes such as tom tricking his friends into whitewashing a fence for him , so i think the humour probably translated well . 
  yes , you 're right - it seems that it 's only for * new * cars that you pay vat in your home country . 
  i found this on dutycalculator.com and it 's backed up by links to the hmrc website : in general there is no import duty due when importing a car from another eu member state . 
  there are two exceptions : portugal and cyprus do levy an import duty on cars from within the eu . 
  then there is vat - in the eu most goods are charged with vat in the country in which they are purchased . 
  however for a new car , vat will be due in the member state of destination if the car is new , or the car is sold to a customer who intends to take it to another eu member state . 
  a new car means here , that less than 6 months have elapsed since the date of its first entry into service or it has , since its first entry into service , travelled under its own power for more than 6000km . 
  if the car is not new , you will not have to pay vat if you have paid vat on its purchase in the eu member state of supply . 
   since they 're not eu , i 'd expect there will be a lot more paper work when you buy something in turkey , which may not be worth the time/effort/money . 
  i believe it 's the case that the op would have to pay both vat and duty on a car bought outside the eu , whereas he 'd only have to pay vat on a car bought inside . 
  i had a quick look at which of scotland 's fifteen universities offered biochemistry degrees and the following ones do : university of aberdeen , university of dundee , the robert gordon university , university of edinburgh , university of glasgow , university of st andrews , university of strathclyde . 
  that 's about half of them and since there are around 3,300 universities in the eu and around 4,000 in europe , i think it 's safe to say that there are plenty of universities here that offer biochemistry degrees . 
   i strongly advise against going to alaska to travel to europe . 
  fly to alaska then pop over to vladivostok and you 're just a short , 8-day train journey from paris !, 
   or even some scotch , if you 're liberal with your definition of british . 
  why would you need to be `` liberal with your definition '' to describe scotch whisky as british ? 
  my brother ( british ) likes it . 
  i 'm in scotland but these prices are from uk-wide websites : 800g loaf of bread from a supermarket - from # 0.40 ( $ 0.56 ) to # 1.50 ( $ 2.09 ) depending on quality . 
  mcdonalds big mac - # 2.69 ( $ 3.75 ) as for restaurants , at the cheapest end you can get a meal in a pub or in a take-away that has seating for # 5 to # 10 ( $ 7 to $ 14 ) . 
  at the top end you can pay over # 100 ( $ 140 ) per person for a tasting menu at a three-michelin-starred restaurant . 
  if there 's any specific prices or suggestions you 'd like , just ask . 
  if she was applying on her own to become a naturalised british citizen , then one of the requirements is `` you 'll continue to live in the uk '' ( [ see this page ] ( https://www.gov.uk/becoming-a-british-citizen/check-if-you-can-apply ) ) . 
  however , if she applies as the wife of a british citizen then that is n't a requirement ( [ see this page . 
  ) ] ( https://www.gov.uk/becoming-a-british-citizen/if-your-spouse-is-a-british-citizen ) the requirements for the spouse of a british citizen are : - you 're 18 or over - you 're of sound mind , eg you 're able to think and make decisions for yourself - you 're of good character , eg you do n't have a serious or recent criminal record - you 've met the knowledge of english and life in the uk requirements - you 've been granted indefinite leave to stay in the uk ( or permanent residence if you 're an eea national ) - this means there 's no specific date that you have to leave - you 've lived in the uk for at least the 3 years before your application is received - you 've spent no more than 270 days outside the uk in those 3 years - you 've spent no more than 90 days outside the uk in the last 12 months - you 've not broken any immigration laws while in the uk, 
   underground hiking groups so ... spelunking ? 
  i think the map above is based on http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_separatist_movements_in_europe which lists `` silesian autonomy movement '' and `` kasz\u00ebbsk\u00f4 jednota '' and the map-maker has taken those to be independence movements for some reason . 
  as / u/swarldelae noticed , normandy * is n't * on the map and le mouvement normand are listed on that page as specifically not a separatist movement . 
  if someone were to make a new map i think the first thing they should do is make it very clear exactly what they count as a separatist movement . 
  [ i found this on / r/mapporn . 
  there are a lot of alcoves in the astridpark . 
  you may have arte-missed my joke . 
  i ca n't tell you much about england beyond diana ... 
  i commend your knowledge of religion in roman britain . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.quora.com/what-eu-country-has-the-easiest-citizenship-requirements ) the countries with the shortest residence requirement for citizenship ( 5 years ) and that allow dual citizenship are : belgium , cyprus , france , ireland , malta , romania and sweden . 
  each country will have its own requirements other than residency so you 'd need to look at each one in detail . 
  you might be eligible for a youth mobility visa - http://www.ambafrance-ca.org/france-canada-youth-mobility, 
  you have n't given us a lot of detail about yourself . 
  do you have the right to work in any european countries ? 
  dual canadian-eu citizenship perhaps ? 
  is your current job one that is in such demand in europe that you would be able to get a work visa ? 
  i put my height in centimetres but i suspect a lot of my countrymen will give theirs in feet and inches . 
  yeah , you could leave rome in the morning and be in florence an hour and a half later ( by train ) , spend the day in florence and get the train again in the evening and be in venice a couple of hours later . 
  probably not a case of a country changing its constitution but a country having to do what it would normally do to make a change of that nature . 
  for example , a country 's constitution might say that there has to be a referendum before such a change can be made . 
  another country might need the president or senate or parliament or sovereign to make the decision . 
  i did n't know they could n't . 
  withdrawal from the european union is a right of eu member states under article 50 of the treaty on european union : `` any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . '', 
  order our submarines to launch their nuclear weapons . 
  vatican city . 
  no problem .
