  would n't a neo-nazi actually be very interested in people having the `` correct '' culture and genetics ? 
  https://www.gov.uk/tier-5-youth-mobility legally , you can do any job apart from being a professional sportsman , a doctor or a dentist . 
  practically , i guess it depends on what jobs you 're able to do . 
  since the visa is fixed at a maximum of two years , that does push you towards more casual jobs . 
   we just do n't build a cult of personality around their founders . 
  with the possible exception of sir clive sinclair . 
  if you 're an aussie with a grandparent who was born in the uk then you can come and live and work in the uk for five years on an ancestry visa . 
  if you 're an aussie aged 18 to 30 with $ 3,000 in savings then you can come and live and work in the uk for two years on a tier 5 ( youth mobility scheme ) visa . 
  - genetics : i do n't think this should factor into immigration decisions at all . 
  it 's hard to even imagine how this could be implemented . 
  which genes would we give preference to ? 
  - culture : i 'm not sure what you mean by this . 
  the uk gives a slight preference to people from commonwealth countries - is that the kind of thing you 're thinking of ? 
  - ancestry : the uk gives citizenship to people with a british parent and there 's an ancestry visa for commonwealth citizens with a british grandparent . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
  - skills : this should be a big part of deciding on who gets to come and live here . 
  [ tom scott - why britain uses separate hot and cold taps . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhguu_8kga ), 
  [ two taps ; each tap has one handle . 
  ] ( http://img4.cdn-b.com/images/p/basin_taps/v40111089le/v40111089le+edwardian_basin_tap_set-bathrooms_com-scene-square-medium-white.jpg ), 
  13 years of english , 4 years of german , a few weeks of scots . 
  i would have said [ the kingdom of fife . 
  ] ( https://www.visitscotland.com/info/towns-villages/the-kingdom-of-fife-p238901 ), 
  you 're going to upset the cornish nationalists . 
  no worries , it 's a weird system that we have !, 
  i think i read that wales is the only place in the world that has its own legislature but not its own jurisdiction . 
  there would be nothing wrong with us sharing sovereignty with the uk - it 's called being a federal country and some people here would like the uk to be one . 
  the uk is n't a federation though , it 's a unitary state , and sub-national parts of the uk do n't have their own sovereignty . 
  unless you meant some sort of `` popular sovereignty '' ? 
   they each have their own structure of government , a parliament or an assembly etc england does n't have it 's own legislature or government . 
   however they are each treated as separate legal jurisdictions england and wales do n't have their own jurisdictions . 
  i once had a conversation with my brother and our father about losing weight and it turned out that my father knew his own bodyweight in stone and pounds , my brother knew his in just pounds and i knew mine in kilograms . 
  i can see the argument that having one system - even one other countries do n't use - would be better than using multiple systems . 
  britain is metric except for a few things and one of those things is distances on road signs , which are in miles and yards . 
  you 're right that the gallon is useless though - miles per litre or litres per 100 miles would make much more sense . 
  the gallon is just sticking around due to habit . 
  in case you were wondering , the other legal uses of imperial measures here are : the pint for draught beer and cider and for milk in re-usable bottles , the acre for land registration and the troy ounce for dealing in precious metals . 
  i would rather we just went properly metric . 
  no , the role-players i know tend to be into modern or futuristic settings . 
  castles are n't terribly exciting when you live next to one . 
  you mean `` fred frank chopping '' ? 
  * the apache are surrounding us !, 
  listen - they 've got war drums !, 
  * * the thievin ' bastids !, 
  it 's not something i 've experienced . 
  my neighbours would n't know if i 'd had a death in the family or a new child or surgery and i would n't know if they 'd experienced any of those things either . 
  as someone else pointed out , given how big the british empire was you could probably come up with all kinds of weird correlations . 
  sure , but what i meant - and i was n't being entirely serious - was that since a lot of the coloured-in areas were in canada , the usa , south africa , australia and new zealand , it was as if there was a connection between being a former british colony and having a lot of tornadoes . 
  since never ? 
  i was n't aware that he 'd done this but it sounds like a backwards step to me . 
  there seems to be a correlation between having tornadoes and being a former british colony . 
  i think your politics are so different from the ones here that you 'd be on your own  `` culturally based limits on immigration '' sounds , to me , like something you 'd see on the manifesto of an extreme ethnic nationalist party like the british national party , but you also seem to be strongly * against * nationalism . 
  very hard for me to get my head around . 
  s5 ( age 16 to 17 ) or s6 ( age 17 to 18 ) . 
  i do n't know how that compares to the school year numbering where you are . 
  the results from exams sat at the end of your last two years of secondary school ( or your predicted exam results ) . 
  other academic achievements can help but there seems to be very little emphasis on `` extracurriculars '' here compared to the american system . 
  i expect that they 're always taught in english . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i would n't know what constituted a heavy workload for you . 
  free for eu * residents * - citizenship is not taken into account . 
  i think you have to have been a resident for the previous three years . 
  i suppose it depends on exactly what those points you listed entail but it sounds , on the face of it , that your politics are so extreme that they are far beyond the ones held by even the fringe political parties here . 
  - downgrading diplomatic relations with the usa just is n't remotely feasible for the uk . 
  they 're hugely important both economically and militarily to us . 
  plus , as much as their system of elections could use improvement , we 're hardly in a position to criticise , which brings me to point two . 
  - downgrade diplomatic relations with countries that do n't have a fully representative democracy . 
  presumably this would mean the uk and the eleven other countries in europe that have monarchies being subject to diplomatic pressure by the other countries ? 
  seems like a great way to rip the continent apart because i really ca n't see us having a revolution just because the rest of europe has told us to . 
  - thirdly , `` regulation of nationalism '' . 
  this sounds so authoritarian that i can hardly even imagine it . 
  the party in government in scotland is a civic nationalist political party . 
  politics in northern ireland is carefully balanced ( or meant to be ) between unionist and nationalist parties . 
  how exactly would you `` regulate nationalism '' ? 
  put snp members in re-education camps until they are british enough ? 
  edit : `` harassment against those who ... take healthcare away from fellow humans '' is actually very topical here because of a case where a hospital has advised that the best thing to do for a terminally ill baby is for him to be allowed to die but his parents wanted the child to undergo an experimental treatment . 
  most people here seem to be on the side of the hospital and the courts but a few people have actually sent death threats to the hospital involved . 
  if this is what `` harassment against those who take healthcare away from fellow humans '' looks like then i think you can expect the majority british people to try and resist it at much as possible . 
  your parcel of haggis and shortbread from the scottish government is on its way . 
  * oh man , that was an awesome niklaus von fl\u00fce day party !, 
  i got totally wasted on goldschl\u00e4ger !, 
  it 's a shame you 're not one-sixteenth swiss like me - we really know how to party !, 
  and we 're , uh , really organised or something ? 
  you are now an honorary scottish person . 
  barefoot in the summer , socks in spring and autumn , slippers in winter . 
  ... and then we burn him in a giant wicker man . 
  just to add to what everyone else here is saying - us scots * love * when people come here because they have an interest in `` the old country '' and in fact the scottish tourist agency work hard to advertise this with things like the year of homecoming and the year of heritage and history . 
  what we do n't like is : `` you 're scottish ? 
  no way !, 
  me too ! '', 
  `` where . 
  are . 
  you . 
  from ? '', 
  `` well , i 'm from peoria , illinois but my great-great-great-grandfather was scotch . '', 
  what we * really * do n't like is : `` i 'm 1/16 scottish and that 's why i drink !, 
  woo , fuck the english !, 
  freeeeeedoooom ! '', 
  and so on . 
  the north coast 500 is very well-regarded - http://www.northcoast500.com/,
