  the only student sporting event that i think anyone here watches is the annual rowing race between oxford and cambridge universities . 
  officially : the unicorn and the thistle . 
  unofficially : the loch ness monster playing the bagpipes while dozens of wild haggises dance around in kilts . 
   i wish there was were more hitting with frying pans these days . 
  seems like it was a staple of 90s comedies , but died along with the laugh track . 
  did you ever watch [ * bottom ? 
  * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnyykwxjcgc ), 
  must be that famous * besteckbrot * i 've heard so much about . 
  i went back and checked the site i got those figures from and they call it `` most popular car colours '' but they do n't say where those figures actually come from , so they 're probably not terribly reliable . 
  - white - 20 % - black - 19 % - grey - 16 % - blue - 15 % - red - 12 % - silver - 11 % after that , all the other colours are very rare . 
  the next-most-popular colour is green but that only accounts for 1 % of cars . 
  apparently it once hit 32.9 \u00b0 c in august 2003 , in greycrook in the borders . 
  i assume the whole village just melted and flowed into the tweed . 
   kwark ( dunno how you call this dairy product in english ) this stuff ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quark_ ( dairy_product ), 
  we 're as far north as southern alaska so cool temperatures are to be expected , i 'd say  on the other hand , it 's a lot milder here than in alaska . 
  oatmeal is one particular type of oat porridge , made with ground oats . 
  in scotland , porridge is made with chopped oats , which gives a different texture . 
  it 's never been that hot where i live . 
  average summer high is around 19 degrees and the hottest recorded temp is around 30 degrees . 
  * walking on sunshine * by katrina and the waves . 
  yep , well deduced !, 
  i do n't think anywhere else has square sausage . 
  most days : bowl of cornflakes or toast with marmalade , coffee to drink ( i used to drink filter coffee but i recently got an espresso machine so now it 's cappuccinos for breakfast ) . 
  treating myself a bit : buttered morning roll with back bacon or square sausage . 
  are you asking about immigration in general or are you specifically asking about people seeking asylum ? 
  when the us was founded there was disagreement between the people who thought that the legislature should represent the people and those who thought it should represent the states . 
  the solution they came up with was that the senate would represent the states ( each state gets two senators ) and the house of representatives would represent the people ( representatives are assigned based on population ) . 
  the two houses also have slightly different powers and are supposed to act as a check on the other . 
  you 're right though , you do n't * need * two houses , it 's just one way of doing things . 
  the british parliament has two houses but when the scottish parliament was created in 1998 , they decided to only have a single house . 
  i 'm surprised i got that close ; it 's not a word i see written down very often . 
  i probably would n't have thought of the city if i had n't been recently listening to * the king of rock 'n' roll * by prefab sprout . 
  it 's hard to compare the american and german legislatures because the german one is a single body but the american one is split into two . 
  if you 're familiar with the british system then it 's like : congress = parliament ( the entire legislature , like the bundestag ) house of representatives = house of commons ( the lower house ) senate = house of lords ( the upper house ), 
  i think the usa has a full presidential system , where an elected president is both the head of the executive and the head of state . 
  the president is elected by the citizens ( except those who live in us territories ) but the citizens do n't vote for the president directly , they vote on how they want their state 's electoral college voters to vote , which is subtly different . 
  the us 's legislature is called congress . 
  it 's bicameral - the lower house is called the house of representatives and the upper house is called the senate . 
  i do n't know the details of how legislators are elected ; i think states get a certain number of representatives based on population and they all get two senators . 
  only states get voting legislators but territories get non-voting observers . 
  not sure how it works with the district of columbia . 
  the us 's highest court is the us supreme court . 
  judges are appointed for life by the president . 
  there are also governments , legislatures and courts at the state level for each state . 
  not sure how it works for territories . 
  i think dc 's affairs are all handled at the federal level but i could be wrong on that . 
  there are two main political parties , . 
  the republicans and the democrats . 
  i could n't really tell you any specific ideologies or policies either party has . 
  from what i 've read on reddit , the democrats are authoritarian communists and the republicans are fascists . 
  i suspect things are a lot more moderate than that !, 
  anything i 've missed ? 
  i suspect my knowledge of american politics is above-average compared to others in my country and i 've no idea how knowledgeable other europeans are . 
  it probably varies hugely from person to person . 
   here we traiditonally go to the pub on christmas eve . 
  what my parents told me i had to go to bed early or santa would n't visit !, 
   but mark the rustic , haggis-fed ,  the trembling earth resounds his tread ,  clap in his walie nieve a blade ,  he 'll make it whissle ;  an legs an arms , an heads will sned ,  like taps o thrissle . 
  on one day of the year we recite a poem over a large sausage . 
  well , i might as well plug my part of the world  scotland is a very popular destination for american tourists , in fact american tourists are the largest source of overseas visitors to scotland . 
  it 's english-speaking ( 94 % of people can speak , read and write english ) and has very well-developed tourist infrastructure . 
  its geography means you can start the day in the lowlands ( perhaps tasting whiskies in a wee pub in the heart of edinburgh after visiting the famous castle ) and a few hours later you can be up in the highlands , gazing out over loch ness . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_scotland https://www.visitscotland.com/, 
  [ you can buy a 16th century scottish castle for # 4,600,000 . 
  ] ( http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/property-34831512.html ), 
  orlando , new york city , los angeles , las vegas , boston , chicago , detroit , miami , atlanta , washington dc , portland , seattle , san diego , san francisco , houston , austin , des moines , fargo , charleston , hilo , nashville , oakland , atlantic city , tulsa , richmond , albequerque ( almost certainly got the spelling wrong ) , omaha ... think that 's it for now . 
  i tried remembering states and then thinking what popped into my head in the * city name , state name * format . 
  hmm , perhaps that is more brusque than people here would be ? 
  i think you 'd really have to study recordings of phone conversations to get any good data . 
  if i was speaking to a friend then the end of a call might go : `` ok , so i 'll see you tomorrow then ? '', 
  `` yep , see you then . '', 
  `` take care . '', 
  `` you too . '', 
  you could end a call more quickly than that but a single `` bye '' seems quite abrupt . 
  how do americans end their calls ? 
  what do you think would improve it ? 
  in what way ? 
  obviously there are many different ways you can categorise politics but i find that the two-axis one is , at the very least , far better than just using * left * and * right . 
  there 's a website called political compass that advocates using `` left '' and `` right '' for economic positions and `` up '' and `` down '' for social ones . 
  using this system , you can plot political parties on a graph . 
  which , for the uk [ looks like this . 
  ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/images/uk2015.png ) as you can see , the uk does n't have any mainstream libertarian-right political parties . 
  there is a scottish libertarian party but they are tiny - the got around 0.2 % of the vote at the last scottish election . 
  yeah , seems like if you want to go to russia you need to do some planning . 
  as another poster pointed out , you could just fly into amsterdam , flash your candadian passport and roam around the 26 countries in the schengen area without ever having to show your passport again and as long as you leave within 90 days you 're fine . 
  finland , estonia and latvia all border russia proper and lithuania and poland border the russian exclave of kaliningrad . 
  belarus and ukraine also border russia but the former needs a tourist visa and the latter is massive and takes a full day to travel across . 
  wikitravel has a page on applying for russian visas - http://wikitravel.org/en/russia#visas - and it sounds like quite a hassle compared to situation you 'll have in the rest of europe . 
  you have to be issued an invitation by booking your russian accommodation and travel , then use the invitation to apply for a visa . 
  there 's a special visa for people making day trips into kaliningrad but it 's not available to canadian citizens , i 'm afraid . 
  i 'm in scotland but i was thinking gingers-per-capita . 
  they 've got even more redheads than we do . 
  looks like you can travel anywhere in europe without a visa , except for belarus and russia - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_canadian_citizens, 
  i guess the best way would be to start at a big scale and work your way down . 
  work out what countries you want to visit , then which cities , then what to see in those cities . 
  for a three-week trip you could have three days per city - two for seeing things and one for travelling . 
  that would mean seven destinations . 
  for a trip taking in russia , slovakia and germany and ending in belgium you could go : st petersburg to riga ( 600 km ) to warsaw ( 660 km ) to bratislava ( 660 km ) to munich ( 520 km ) to bonn ( 560 km ) to brussels ( 230 km ) . 
  or you could start in moscow and head to warsaw via minsk . 
  or you could skip slovakia and travel along the baltic sea : helsinki to tallinn to riga to kaliningrad ( that counts as russia , right ? ),
