  i do n't know how other people view this but it seems perfectly normal to me ; in fact it would seem strange if someone , for example , declined to take their maternity pay or refused to collect their state pension . 
  i imagine that if we ever won the world cup then , yes , people would go pretty nuts . 
  we 've never got past the first round though , so ... 
   not sure who downvoted you . 
  yes , while i find op 's desire to kill people distressing , people should n't be down-voting his ( or anyone else 's ) comments just because they disagree with them or find them unpleasant . 
  you 're suppose to down-vote comments that do n't add to the discussion . 
  though it 's incredibly rare to see that actually done in practice . 
  31 degrees !, 
  the average august high here is 19 c ( 67 f ) and the record high is 29 c ( 84 f ) so if it got up to 31 then i think people would be throwing themselves into the river . 
  i take it that was last year ? 
  we 've not had this year 's summer yet . 
  apparently there 's been some mix-up and northern europe has skipped summer and gone straight to late autumn while southern europe is having some sort of double-summer and everyone 's melted . 
  crazy stuff . 
  i 'm not the person you replied to but i would hesitate to kill someone based on forensic evidence . 
  there 's currently an investigation going on in the uk into 484 criminal cases which might be miscarriages of justice due to compromised reports from a forensic lab . 
  two employees of the lab have been arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice . 
  it 's bad enough if someone has been imprisoned based on faulty evidence - at least they can be released and compensated - but the idea of killing someone based on faulty evidence is truly chilling . 
  i 'm afraid i only have a bicycle as i never did get round to learning to drive . 
  you 're welcome to borrow it if you 're in the area though . 
  true , i can only imagine how i would feel in that situation ; it 's not something i 've experienced . 
  i also would sleep better knowing that the killer was gone and could n't hurt anyone else - which is why i would want the person to be imprisoned until they were no longer dangerous . 
  i suppose , yes , killing the person would also achieve the same effect but i do n't think i could sleep well knowing i helped kill a person either . 
  seems logical to me - if the first person was wrong to kill then you are also wrong by killing them . 
  the idea of declaring some people `` ok to kill '' is a disturbing one to me . 
  i 'd like the police to investigate the matter then i 'd like the state to prosecute the person in a fair trial . 
  if they were found guilty then i 'd like them to imprisoned . 
  they should n't face extra punishment in prison - being deprived of liberty * is * the punishment . 
  there should be a minimum term that they have to serve and then after that they should be eligible for release if the state considers that they are unlikely to pose a risk to the public if released . 
  i 'd like them to have access to education , counselling , work experience ... anything that would help reduce the chance of them re-offending in the future . 
  i would n't want to watch them be strapped down and injected with chemicals to make their breathing stop , or to be hung by the neck until dead . 
  you just made an enemy for life !, 
  i believe that people have the right to life and that it 's not possible to forfeit that right ; i believe that our justice system is not ( and can not be ) infallible and that people would be wrongfully executed ( as they are currently sometimes wrongfully imprisoned ) ; i think that it would not deter crime any more than the prospect of life imprisonment would ; i do n't have enough confidence in my government to want it to have the power to legally kill me . 
  that we 're all english . 
  arr !, 
  me cock be 0.08 fathoms !, 
  sorry sir . 
  anyway , mine is 18 barleycorns in length . 
  shit , i did n't know we were supposed to be measuring each other 's dicks . 
  where i live , it 's more common to see the flag of scotland than the flag of the uk . 
  for a more `` alternative '' flag , some people like flying the [ royal banner of scotland ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/resources/images/3841858 ) even though use of that flag is legally restricted to the queen and her representatives . 
  i guess some people are just really passionate about the royal family . 
  pizza . 
  officially , i think it 's * do they know it 's christmas ? 
  * by * band aid 1984 . 
  * if you discount that for being a group made up of already established artists then you 'll also have to exclude the second-biggest one-hit wonder ( * perfect day * by various artists ) and the third-biggest ( * do they know it 's christmas ? 
  * by * band aid 20 * ) then the uk 's biggest one-hit wonder is ... * the teletubbies say `` eh-oh !, 
  '' * by * the teletubbies . 
  norway , norbee , norsee , nordee , etc. 
  there used to be a visa for `` retired people of independent means '' but that 's no longer offered and it 's now not possible for non-eea citizens to move to the uk to retire . 
  we only have it for the first foreign-born generation . 
  someone born in the uk to a british parent gets british citizenship that they are able to pass on to their own children but someone born outside the uk to a british parent gets british citizenship `` by descent '' and they are n't able to pass on their own british citizenship in the same manner . 
  i suppose it depends on what exactly you mean by `` can own guns '' . 
  i could n't go out today and legally buy a gun , since i do n't have a licence for one , but i could probably get a shotgun certificate since i do n't have any criminal history or health problems that would preclude getting one . 
  i would n't be able to get a firearms certificate ( which allows you to own a wider range of firearms ) since that would involve showing that i have a legitimate need for a firearm . 
  i 've never been in a situation where i wished i was armed . 
  i 've been in situations where i was very glad that other people were n't armed . 
  if you mean british multinationals then we 've got loads : royal bank of scotland group ( briefly the world 's biggest banking group ) , firstgroup ( operate public transport across europe and north america ) , sage group ( world 's third-largest supplier of enterprise planning software ) , glaxosmithkline and astrazeneca ( pharmaceuticals ) , tesco ( the world 's ninth-largest retailer by revenues ) , bp ( the world 's sixth-largest energy company ) , vodafone ( the second-biggest telecom company by number of connections ) , jcb ( the third-largest construction equipment manufacturer ) , diageo ( the second-largest distiller in the world ) and surely many , many others . 
  what does that mean ? 
  [ cow gangs causing trouble . 
  ] ( https://www.thecourier.co.uk/fp/news/local/dundee/483114/police-called-cows-breakout-onto-dundee-road-articleisfree ), 
  thanks to conservation efforts there 's now a thriving wild haggis population here in scotland . 
  they 're quite shy , so it 's still not common to see one , but if you 're walking on the highlands you can sometimes spot one in the heather . 
  makes me proud to see one of our most famous beasts doing so well . 
  the gaelic languages have * sl\u00e1inte * as a common toast , which also means * health . 
  that sounds great !, 
  the last time i travelled abroad was to malta and the staff in the hotel would ask what you language you wanted to use with them and when i 'd answer `` english '' in a dundonian accent , i 'd get a few slightly disbelieving looks . 
  i live in dundee in scotland ( the original one ) and it 's given its name to two towns in australia , three in canada , twenty-one in the usa , one in south africa and an island in antarctica . 
  i 've never heard a welsh person speak scots and now i want to . 
  no , i do n't know that . 
  perhaps you could provide an example of the foreign office 's lies ? 
  if a foreign tourist spoke english ? 
  that 's perfectly common . 
  if a foreign tourist spoke scots ? 
  i can hardly imagine it . 
  jesus , you 're no fun . 
  i 've no idea what you 're talking about - dundee has half a waterfront and two-thirds of an art gallery now . 
  anyway , if scotland becomes independent then glasgow and edinburgh wo n't be able to agree on who gets to be the capital and guess who 's ready to step in ? 
  it 's called the canberra strategy . 
  [ the road and the miles to dundee ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm5_jma2gmq ) references our most important city . 
  if it was n't for our constant bread wars we 'd have a federal eu by now . 
  edit : [ plain bread 4 lyfe yo !, 
  i learned a lot about european jams from that thread about jams that we had . 
   effectively genetically based immigration i would n't say so . 
  imagine two identical twin brothers are born in nigeria to nigerian parents . 
  one of the brothers later moves to the uk , lives there and becomes a naturalised british citizen and then moves back to nigeria . 
  now , both brothers have the same genes but only one of the brothers is able to pass on british citizenship to his children . 
  so where 's the genetic component to immigration here ? 
  your country 's government may provide official advice on this matter . 
  [ the british foreign office advise against all travel to donetsk , luhansk and crimea but the rest of ukraine is fine , though you should keep an eye on the travel advice for alerts . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice/ukraine ), 
  i ca n't speak for the whole of europe and there is n't currently a unified eu immigration system so it does n't make sense to talk about a single european immigration policy . 
  as far as my country is concerned - yes , we should grant visas to the people whose skills we need without regard to where they come from . 
  i 've never had a problem with any of the americans i 've met here . 
  if there are enclaves of american expats somewhere then it 's news to me . 
  who * would n't * want to grant a visa to a doctor over a farmer ? 
  it 's a giid deal for your country - the foreign country pays for the doctor 's training but then they come and practice their skills here . 
  of course , if we had a surplus of doctors and were short of farmers for some reason then we 'd want the farmer instead , but this is n't currently the case . 
  i imagine it will always be harder to train people to be doctors than to train them to be farmers . 
   i 'm going to sound like a neonazi when i say , um , zero . 
  is n't that the * opposite * of being a neo-nazi ?
