  is it made by grinding up americans who have , as we say in scotland , shite patter ? 
  aye , as the good book says :  if a man have a stubborn and rebellious son , which will not obey the voice of his father , or the voice of his mother , and that , when they have chastened him , will not hearken unto them : then shall his father and his mother lay hold on him , and bring him out unto the elders of his city , and unto the gate of his place ; and they shall say unto the elders of his city , this our son is stubborn and rebellious , he will not obey our voice ; he is a glutton , and a drunkard . 
  and all the men of his city shall stone him with stones , that he die . 
  the uk has a lower gini index than the usa , meaning that there is less inequality between rich and poor . 
  i agree that calling it a class divide is a bit odd , as ( in the uk at least ) that would normally refer to social classes , which we definitely do have . 
  ah yes , that famous dutch dish of * mensenvlees met hagelslag . 
  should we all be murderers now ? 
  only , the farm takes up most of the day and at night i just like a cup of tea . 
  i might n't be able to devote myself full time to the old genocide . 
  hello father , i hear you 're a bloodthirsty murderer now . 
  well , you know , sometimes there 's nothing on the telly so you bite down on your shield and go berzerk and murder all your neighbours . 
  though it seems that [ americans are 3.8 times better than us at killing each other , so we 've still got a lot to learn . 
  ] ( https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/gb/us ), 
  the uk has a two-year working holiday visa for australians , new zealanders and canadians ( and probably others ) ; i think we could open that up to americans , though perhaps there might be problems with `` health tourism '' . 
  i do n't see any reason to limit immigration from muslim countries . 
  some people here will have a similar experience , where they need to do well in their exams at age 16 in order to stay on at school and do more advanced exams in order to get into a good undergraduate degree programme in order to get into a good post-graduate degree programme , etc. 
  not a joke but i can see why it might be a confusing answer !, 
  what i mean is , there 's no line here that separates people who graduate from secondary school from people who did n't . 
  when i was at school ( it might be a little different now ) , you did `` general education '' up to age 13 , then you narrowed things down to eight subjects which you studied for two years then sat exams for those subjects at the end . 
  you could get top marks for everything or you could get eight `` fails '' or anything in between but there was n't a line that divided results up into acceptable and unacceptable . 
  you could then choose to stay on at school for another year or two and sit advanced exams for subjects you 'd previously done well in . 
  the end result is that you end up with people leaving school at ages 16 , 17 and 18 and with a range of results all the way from failing everything at age 16 up to a lot of high marks in advanced subjects . 
  there 's no graduated / did n't graduate distinction . 
  in scotland ( as far as i know ) there 's no such thing as required school community service . 
  we also do n't have requirements to graduate from school because you do n't graduate from school here . 
  we have those cards here ( known as * tarot * ) but i had n't heard of the game before . 
  you sure can !, 
  yum !, 
  it 's also the name of a drink made from ~ ~ ground-up dutch lawyers ~ ~ eggs , sugar and brandy . 
  i have to admit that * advocaat * is the drink that came to mind first for me . 
  * the guardian * is a british newspaper that is famous for its typos , leading it to sometimes be called * the grauniad . 
  * the previous poster is presumably carrying on this tradition . 
  from a 2015 study , 2 % of 13-year-olds were regular smokers and 1 % were occasional smokers and 7 % of 15-year-olds were regular smokers and 5 % were occasional smokers . 
  this is the lowest rate since the survey began . 
  the peak of school-age smoking was actually the time i was at school , 29 % of 15-year-olds in 1996 . 
  scotch whisky is the main one . 
  maybe scotch ales too . 
  i did n't learn anything about the usa in school directly , in the sense of studying it in history or geography classes . 
  we did pick up a few things indirectly , ie we did n't study the great depression but we did read * of mice and men . 
  barry gibb !, 
  i always thought you were from the isle of man . 
  dutch , eh ? 
  i say go for it , move back to the netherlands . 
  i hear it 's very nice there . 
  it 's hard to say ; i suppose a huge amount depends on the actual form that brexit takes . 
  it came as a big shock . 
  i live in scotland and only 38 % of voters here voted to leave the eu , but the percentage in my social circle was even less than that . 
  it 's still hard to believe . 
  stay in . 
  same here !, 
  the uk allows dual citizenship ; in fact there 's actually an agreement in place where people from northern ireland are eligible for both british and irish citizenships . 
  is it a religious thing ? 
  i think it 's just an old lady thing . 
  [ here is an elderly british lady in a headscarf . 
  ] ( http://www4.pictures.zimbio.com/pc/queen+elizabeth+ii+queen+elizabeth+ii+prince+1g2w1p0olxwl.jpg ), 
  quiet , you !, 
  or else we 'll send [ our army ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/08/14/article-2392915-1b4b7f9b000005dc-455_964x698.jpg ) over . 
  if anything , i think the snp 's plan is to lure * more * people to scotland and then turn them into scots . 
  from the most recent who funding report , the european commission donated $ 45,637,006 to the who in 2015 - around 0.03 % of the eu budget . 
  yes , quite a few . 
  204 million people watching last year 's eurovision so , yeah , people still watch it . 
  decriminalised ? 
  it 's not illegal here . 
  your man michael higgins told the scottish parliament that [ `` it has often been difficult to say where what is irish ends and what is scottish begins '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjo_poxzrgq ) and that sounds like a very fine compliment to me . 
  ta very much , me old mucker . 
  i thought it was a cockney thing but i could be wrong . 
  mmm , fighting the spanish seems like more of an english thing to do . 
  i ca n't get that worked up over it . 
   standard english is based on the london dialect aye , i remember being at the school and learning how to say * cor blimey * and * take a butcher 's at this , me old china * and so on . 
  well , i suppose you could become southern northerners , instead of the northern southerners you are now . 
  we could , though you 'd go from being in `` the north '' to `` the south '' - are you willing to do that ? 
  awfy shoogly . 
  thanks , though i initially read that as `` an exceedingly average speeding ticket '' . 
  nah , you 're all right , thanks . 
  we 'll just annex the lake district and fortify kendal and barrow-in-furness . 
  yes , that 's a good idea . 
  perhaps even just being able to add text , as long as people only use it for locations - uk ( england ) or usa ( guam ) or norway ( svalbard ) and so on . 
   leeds the perfect place to pacify any rebellious scots damn , you were n't kidding . 
  we 'd have to spend time laying waste to newcastle , sunderland and middlesbrough , giving you time to fortify . 
  then we 'd head down the a1 into a natural choke point . 
  we 'd have folk from leeds in front of us and harrogate and york on our flanks . 
  we could take carlisle easily and go down the m6 instead but that 's an even nastier choke point . 
  if we go by sea then we 'd have to land at blackpool , which i hear has already been burned down in order to stop it falling into enemy hands , and then face a tough fight through preston , bradford and halifax . 
  or we could try and sail up the humber but that 's heavily defended as well ... though i 'd love to put a few broadsides into hull for beating us in the uk city of culture competition . 
  let 's see how cultured they are when our berzerkers are putting their city to the sword . 
  i generally agree but i would make an exception for dependent territories that are also in europe - we get quite a few questions about eu and eea and schengen stuff and if someone has a uk flag flair it could still be useful to know if `` my country '' is actually gibraltar or the isle of man or akrotiri and dhekelia or something along those lines . 
   what do you mean you disagree ? 
  because you later say the uk flag doe n't represent them !, 
  so , you want them to have flairs ( as i do ) or not ? 
  sorry , i read your post as you saying that you * did n't * think there should be flags for non-sovereign territories . 
   also , gibraltar , monserrat and other british overseas territories are [ territories under the jurisdiction and sovereignty of the united kingdom ] ( are territories under the jurisdiction and sovereignty of the united kingdom ) , innit ? 
  that 's true , but i think the most useful aspect of the flairs is to show where someone lives . 
  if i saw someone with a uk flair i would think that they lived in the uk . 
   in fact , you have to choose between , at least , the scotland , the uk , the eu , the commonwealth and the nato flairs ... good point !, 
  i agree that many of the new flairs are n't very useful but i disagree on the ones for the crown dependencies ( isle of man , jersey , guernsey ) and british overseas territories ( gibraltar ) as these places are in europe but not in the uk , so the uk flag does n't represent them . 
  the scotland , england , wales and ni ones are ... conflicting . 
  i live in scotland and that means ( obviously ) that i also live in the uk . 
  but since there are separate flairs i have to make the choice between representing myself as british or scottish . 
  and , as you said , if you 're going to include england etc. 
  then why not include every other sub-national region ?
