  on the other hand , broadcast news is more regulated here . 
  we do n't have channels like fox news or cnn that can `` take sides '' when reporting the news . 
  it 's a common misassumption but the eu does n't quite work like a federal country . 
  the eu can issue * regulations * that become law in all in member states but these are rare and usually only used for things that genuinely need to be standardised across the eu . 
  more often , the eu will issue * directives , * which state the aim the eu wishes to achieve but leave it up to each member state how to implement that aim . 
  it 's as if your congress could n't directly pass laws but could only tell states `` this is what we want to achieve , please make it happen '' . 
  generally no but it would depend on the specific details of the case . 
  newspapers and magazines in the uk usually agree to abide by the editors ' code of practice which requires them to `` take care not to publish inaccurate , misleading or distorted information '' . 
  it would n't be illegal for them to publish `` fake news '' though . 
  they 're also free to publish opinionated news and some newspapers here are very opinionated and some less so . 
  broadcast media is a little more strict here in that news is required to be `` impartial and accurate '' . 
  again though , breaching this would be between the broadcaster and the regulator so i 'm not sure i would really describe it as `` illegal . '', 
  `` illegal news '' here would generally be something that 's defamatory ( libellous ) or perhaps something fraudulent , like a fake news report intended to manipulate stock prices . 
  edit : this is just for the uk , different countries have different laws of course . 
  sorry , i meant that up helly aa marks the end of yule . 
  i was n't doubting that witch-burning happened at the summer solstice !, 
   how many of these were the result of american culture being appropriated ? 
  i 've no idea how you would measure that . 
   i take it game of thrones is n't popular in the uk ? 
  or is this a classic example of british people calling things british that are n't . 
  it 's relatively popular but it 's not broadcast on one of the main tv channels , so it has limited viewership . 
  the most-watched programmes were : the great british bake-off , strictly come dancing , britain 's got talent , eastenders , call the midwife , broadchurch , downton abbey and doctor foster . 
  no doubt now you 'll tell me downton abbey is really american . 
   i see everyone wearing bluejeans and sneakers . 
  where is the british clothing ? 
  you might only see jeans and sneakers but people here wear things like saville row suits and doc marten boots and barbour jackets and berghaus hiking gear and burberry scarves and so on . 
  it 's to mark the end of [ yule . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yule ) what does witch burning involve ? 
  we do consume a lot of american media here but it 's hardly as if our own media output is n't holding up . 
  - of the twenty-four films that have earned in excess of # 50 million here , thirteen of them are british productions . 
  the rest were american , though four of those were adaptations of works by a british author . 
  - of the fifteen highest-grossing films of the twenty-first century , nine are british productions and the rest were american . 
  - of the fifty most-watched tv episodes of 2015 , all fifty were british productions . 
  - of the ten biggest-selling albums of 2015 , seven were british , two were american and one was canadian . 
  - of the ten biggest-selling singles of 2015 , four were british , two were american , two were canadian , one was jamaican and one was irish . 
  - of the ten biggest-selling retail video games of 2015 , three were canadian , three were american , three were british and one was swedish . 
  like i said , american stuff is popular here but it 's hardly overwhelming . 
  the highest ever recorded temperature where i live was 29 \u00b0 c / 84 \u00b0 f. 
  i think everyone would die if it got up to 37 \u00b0 c. 
  hard to say , lists of `` top british films '' tend to be full of lots of classic 1930 's films that are n't really my thing . 
  my personal favourites would be * alien * for the best film and * black mirror * for the best tv programme . 
  did a bus tell you to say that ? 
  on average around one day per year i 'd say , though that was when i was at school in the 80 's and 90 's . 
  if the snow was bad enough to disrupt transport and too many teachers were n't able to get to school then the school would be closed for the day . 
  the school pupils almost all lived within walking distance , so them getting to school was n't often a problem . 
  i think we 're concerned about getting short measures . 
  spirits have to be sold in multiples of 25 ml or 35 ml and wine sold by the glass has to be certain sizes too . 
  no , we ca n't have different asylum rules for different nationalities . 
  the current criteria for claiming asylum here is that : - you must be unable to live safely in any part of your own country because you fear persecution there - this persecution must be because of race , religion , nationality , political opinion , anything else that puts you at risk because of the social , cultural , religious or political situation in your country , for example , your gender , gender identity or sexual orientation - you must have failed to get protection from authorities in your own country . 
  if any americans meet these criteria then they 're welcome to come here and seek asylum . 
  edit : i assumed you were asking about asylum since `` defecting '' from the us to europe does n't really make sense . 
  hopefully my original comment will be interesting enough without that additional fact . 
  no , the the weights and measures ( intoxicating liquor ) order 1988 section 2 paragraph 1 reads :  unless pre-packed in a securely closed container and except when sold as a constituent of a mixture of two or more liquids , beer or cider shall be sold by retail only in a quantity of 1/3 pint , 1/2 pint or a multiple of 1/2 pint . 
  selling a glass of beer that is n't 189 ml , 284 ml or some multiple thereof . 
  it 's held on shetland , a group of islands that are part of scotland and lie about half-way between stavanger in norway and the faroe islands . 
  the islands were norwegian until 1469 , when they were given to scotland in lieu of the dowry that christian i was meant to pay to james iii . 
  i 'm not sure what `` salty '' means in this context but , as far as i can tell , the festival - called up helly aa - is a cross between marking the end of yule and celebrating scandinavian heritage . 
  the `` up helly aa song '' goes :  grand old vikings ruled upon the ocean vast ,  their brave battle-songs still thunder on the blast ;  their wild war-cry comes a-ringing from the past ;  we answer it `` a-oi '' !, 
   roll their glory down the ages ,  sons of warriors and sages ,  when the fight for freedom rages ,  be bold and strong as they !, 
  edit : this festival is only on shetland , it 's not a scotland - or uk-wide thing . 
  [ once a year , the scandinavian genes become active in people and this happens . 
  ] ( http://c.shetland.org/assets/files/2289/up-helly-aa-david-gifford-15.1680x0.jpg ), 
  that 's very popular too , though i 'm actually too lazy to bother with one . 
  exchanging gifts is pretty common . 
  sort-of . 
  britain got hong hong ( the island ) in perpetuity and later also got the neighbouring peninsula of kowloon in perpetuity . 
  later still they got the new territories ( land adjacent to kowloon ) for 99 years . 
  this whole area made up `` british hong kong '' . 
  when the 99-year lease was up , the whole thing was given back to china as hong kong and kownloon only accounted for 10 % of the territory and hanging on to just those areas would have been complicated . 
  imagine if new york city belonged to the usa but manhattan was still dutch , or something . 
  putting : - the uk ( scotland and england ) would probably be the best way . 
  india . 
  who would n't want to be a potato pro ? 
  jetting around the world to all the top international potato hot-spots , predicting this season 's hot new potatoes ... 
  [ can you guess who the biggest potato-producer in western europe is ? 
  ] ( http://www.potatopro.com/world/potato-statistics ), 
  why is scotland in brackets ? 
  did you visit a whisky distillery and get too drunk to actually remember your visit ? 
  just france ( a day trip to cherbourg and a weekend in paris ) and malta ( a week in mellie\u0127a ) . 
  both were very nice . 
  laurie bidwell had the bus stop outside my house upgraded to a bus shelter and since then he 's never stopped sending me leaflets reminding me of his mastery of the bus stop arts . 
  good , otherwise i 'd be onto the council to complain . 
  you used to get irn-bru in mcdonalds here but i have n't been for a long time so i do n't know if that 's still the case . 
  it 's surprisingly close !, 
  err , aye that 's a good point . 
  i found the scottish independence referendum to be more interesting than the brexit one , though obviously the brexit one has been more consequential . 
  do n't forget the secret mind-control chips you put into nokia phones . 
  there 's a place near me that does a 16-inch pizza box filled with donner kebab meat , chips , 5 spicy chicken wings , 5 chicken pakora , 5 vegetable pakora , 3 pitta breads , 3 garlic bread , 3 mixed dips , salad and a 2 litre soft drink for # 20 ( around $ 24 ) . 
  a ten-inch pizza box of similar stuff with a 330 ml soft drink is around # 8 ( around $ 10 ) . 
   two things i did n't see ( and maybe they 're universal ? ), 
  are taco/mexican and thai chicken pizzas a thing in europe ? 
  my local supermarket does a `` fajita pizza '' but mexican pizzas do n't seem to be very common , apart from chili peppers as a topping . 
  i 've never seen a thai pizza . 
   edit : envisioning these things i realized maybe i do n't understand ` kebab ' . 
  i thought like souvlaki - small chunks of meat ( is beef most common ? 
  ) , but now i wonder if it 's more like shwarma/gyro - a ground & molded meat ? 
  `` kebab pizza '' to me means [ doner kebab ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doner_kebab ) meat on a pizza . 
  chicken pakora , i think . 
  [ sometimes we do n't even bother with the pizza . 
  i found the `` saying please in restaurants '' one absolutely fascinating .
