  ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/uk2015?name=you&amp;ec=1.38&amp;soc=-6.1 ) as you can see , no party here is close to my political position and i always end up voting tactically against my least-favourite choice . 
  nobody 's completely sure . 
  it seems that it came into use in the mid-19th century to refer to a kind of railway car and that it might be from a now-forgotten verb * to lurry * meaning to pull . 
  i do n't know of one site that has all the info - maybe there 's a paris tourism website - but the twitter feeds for the individual attractions are probably the best place to get opening info . 
  for example , here 's the announcement about the louvre reopening on monday - https://twitter.com/museelouvre/status/665978192801476610, 
  i assume by `` continuing education '' you mean a post-graduate degree ? 
  tuition fees here are different for each course but , on average , international fees for post-graduate courses are around $ 18,000 per year for a lecture-based course , $ 21,000 for a laboratory-based course and $ 31,000 for a clinical course . 
  i 'm not sure what exactly you mean by `` eligibility '' . 
  you would need to meet the requirements for the particular course you wanted to do and you would need to meet the requirements for a tier 4 student visa ( basically , speaking english and having enough money to support yourself ) . 
  as for work , as / u/bertolous said - it is n't easy . 
  to get a tier 2 ( general ) work visa , you need to be offered a skilled job by an employer here , the employer needs to show that they could n't fill the job from within the eu and you need to be sponsored by a licensed agency . 
  if you 're applying for a job on the shortage list then this process can go a bit more smoothly . 
  you could fly edinburgh to madrid to santiago with iberia for # 87 . 
  or you could get the megabus from glasgow to barcelona for # 30 and then another bus from barcelona to santiago but you 'd probably go mad from being on a bus for so long . 
  unless you wanted to break the trip up into several legs so you could have a day in paris and a day in barcelona or something . 
   bbc entertainment is popular with quite a few i think . 
  and , conversely , scandinavian programmes like * borgen * , * broen ( the bridge ) * and * forbrydelsen ( the killing ) * are very popular in the uk . 
  not for anyone - it 's almost always illegal to discriminate on the grounds of national origin or nationality . 
  i do n't think anything similar exists in the uk . 
  the closest-related animals here would be those of the mustelid family , which are in the same superfamily as raccoons and skunks : badgers , weasels , martens , mink , ferrets and otters . 
  however , i think the animal that might be closest to the raccoon in a cultural sense would be the red fox . 
  the us state department has a helpful page for travellers to the uk [ here ] ( http://travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/country/united-kingdom.html ) with lots of helpful advice such as `` drive on the left side of the road '' and `` leave your guns at home '' but it does n't seem to mention what driving licence you need . 
  the british government website has a page called `` driving in great britain on a non-gb licence '' and if you tell it that you 're a visitor to great britain and you got your licence outside europe then it says : * you can drive any small vehicle ( eg car or motorcycle ) listed on your full and valid licence for 12 months from when you last entered great britain . 
  * hopefully there 's a big list somewhere because i 'm not looking up the websites of 49 more european governments . 
  i 'd probably struggle with the languages anyway . 
  according to wikipedia 's `` languages in europe '' article : - german - 95 million speakers in europe - official language in austria , belgium , germany , liechtenstein , luxembourg and switzerland - russian - 95 million speakers in europe - official language in belarus , kazakhstan and russia - french - 66 million speakers in europe - official language in belgium , france , luxembourg , monaco and switzerland - english - 60 million speakers in europe - official language in ireland , malta and the uk - italian - 59 million speakers in europe - official language in italy , san marino , switzerland and vatican city though 60 million english speakers seems very low to me considering there 's about 70 million people in the uk , ireland and malta combined plus it 's a very popular second language - the wikipedia article on languages of the eu says half of eu citizens understand english . 
  hmm , you should probably not put much faith in the numbers above !, 
  the fifa world cup is a tournament for * national teams * such as germany , brazil , usa , japan and so on . 
  it 's not a tournament for * football clubs * such as manchester united or la galaxy or barcelona . 
  let 's look at chelsea fc as an example . 
  last season they played in the premier league , which is the top league in english football . 
  there are 20 teams and at the end of the season the bottom three teams are relegated to the division below and the best three teams in that division get promoted to the premier league . 
  because chelsea won this league , they qualified for the uefa champions league , where they played the top teams from other european domestic leagues , such as barcelona ( from spain ) and juventus ( from italy ) . 
  chelsea also competed in the fa cup . 
  this is a cup competition for the top 736 clubs in england . 
  lastly , chelsea competed in the football league cup , which is a cup competition for the top 92 clubs in england . 
  so , to summarise : - all english clubs compete in one domestic league . 
  - clubs who are in the premier league ( level 1 of the league system , 20 clubs ) or one of the three divisions in the football league ( levels 2 to 4 , 72 clubs ) qualify for the league cup . 
  - clubs who are in the premier league , the football league or the national league ( the top 736 clubs ) qualify for the fa cup . 
  - the best teams from the premier league qualify for the champions league , the top european-wide league . 
  - the next-best teams from the premier league plus the winners of the domestic cup competitions qualify for the europa league , the second-tier european-wide league so all clubs compete in a domestic , `` national '' ( though football associations and sovereign nations do n't always cover the same areas ) league , some clubs also qualify for domestic cups and some clubs also qualify for european leagues . 
  the top team in europe qualify for some international club cups but no other club competes outside their own continent . 
  you might want to ask on / r/askuk as well . 
  as others have pointed out , `` schengen '' usually means the * schengen area * , which is a group of twenty-six countries who have abolished internal border controls . 
  the area was created by the * schengen agreement * , which is a treaty named for the town of schengen in luxembourg . 
  you must be very disappointed that the usa just agreed to accept 100,000 refugees next year . 
  if only the president could send them back where they came from !, 
  he must protect the character of the nation !, 
  and of course , many people doubt the official narrative that there has been a war in iraq recently . 
  * give me your tired , your poor , * * your huddled masses yearning to breathe free . 
  * * except jews . 
  * * they would change the character of the nation . 
  yes , why would someone want their country to take in refugees ? 
  we should follow the great example of the usa . 
  like in 1939 , when president roosevelt refused permission for jewish refugees from the ms st louis to enter america , and they were sent back to europe to be killed in death camps . 
  what a moral example to set . 
  if only europeans today had that same strength of character , then we could send refugees back where they came from so they could be killed , instead of being stupid and , you know , giving them refuge . 
  brb researching flights to vilnius . 
  i can scarcely believe it was number one in norway for 15 weeks , switzerland for 13 weeks , germany for 10 weeks , sweden for 8 weeks , austria for 7 weeks and 3 weeks in the uk . 
  if you 're ever in my neck of the woods i 'll buy you a drink - just to see the look on / u/donjoe234 's face !, 
  i have to admit that i never really think of italy as a boxing nation . 
  four of ireland 's five medals at the london 2012 games were for boxing . 
  the medal table for boxing in the last olympic games might give a hint about which european countries are into boxing : european country | boxing medals : - :| : - : russia | 6 uk | 5 ukraine | 5 ireland | 4 italy | 3 bulgaria | 1 lithuania | 1, 
  i totally agree . 
  i 've never even heard anyone in the uk describe themselves as `` germanic '' . 
  who counts as germanic anyway ? 
  if the term means people that speak a germanic language then that would include english and scots speakers here but exclude welsh , scottish gaelic , irish and cornish speakers . 
  i 've never heard of this . 
  it 's hard to imagine it ever happening . 
  there would need to be an absolutely staggering amount of immigration from outside europe to shift demographics that much . 
  this is the demographics from where i live , from the 2011 scottish census : ethnic group | percentage of population : - :| : - : white | 96.02 % asian | 2.66 % african | 0.56 % mixed | 0.37 % arab | 0.18 % caribbean or black | 0.12 % to go from 0.18 % to 30 % arab or 0.56 % to 30 % african would be an absolutely staggering shift in demographics , and there 's so few caucasians here that they do n't even have their own category on the census - i assume they 'd mostly identify as `` white : other '' . 
  obviously demographics are different all across europe and there 's probably no continent-wide demographics you could use as each country will view ethnicity differently . 
  i 'm sure that we still would n't see the kind of changes you 're talking about unless a hundred million people decide to move to europe at the same time . 
  edit : i think your comment about '' ... hard for me to distinguish the ethnicity of sub-groups of white people ... '' is why you might not be getting the kind of answers you expected . 
  i 'd guess that , from your point of view `` white european '' is an ethnic group . 
  however , nobody in europe thinks of `` white european '' as an ethnic group . 
  if i went to poland ( for example ) , i would n't think `` these people are white and thus are like me '' , i would think `` these people have a different language and different religion and different cuisine and different history and are thus different from me '' . 
  someone who is asian scottish , like tony singh or sanjeev kohli feels more `` like me '' than someone from the other side of the continent who just happens to be white . 
  for the purposes of this discussion , who do you consider to be `` native europeans '' and who do you consider to be `` ethnic europeans '' ? 
  coincidentally , i recently asked on / r/askanamerican about uk vs european attitudes to illegal working . 
  this is what i wrote to describe the legal situation in the uk : `` the british government are about to pass new legislation that makes the penalty for working here illegally up to six months in prison , an unlimited fine , deportation and being refused re-entry to the country . 
  people who employ illegal workers will face up to five years in prison , an unlimited fine and closure of their business . 
  it will no longer be a defence to say that you did n't know a person was working illegally , the onus will be on the employer to check that a person has the right to work here . '', 
  so , as you can imagine , with laws like that on the books anyone who is working illegally or hiring illegal workers is going to be very circumspect about it . 
  edit : you mentioned `` illegal immigrants/refugees '' and it 's important to note that illegal immigrants , people here on non-work visas ( tourists , students , etc ) and asylum seekers are n't allowed to work here , however refugees are permitted to work and in fact it 's illegal to use a person 's refugee status to discriminate when hiring . 
  how are the two things related ? 
  my country issued around 150,000 work visas last year . 
  we also received 31,400 asylum application and granted 12,500 of those applicants refugee status . 
  i 'm absolutely certain that those two numbers are independent . 
  giving out fewer work visas would n't mean give more people refugee status . 
  maybe the op could find work in some sort of criminal enterprise ? 
  smuggling dugs for example ? 
  i agree . 
  in the uk , if you 're caught knowingly employing someone who does n't have the right to work here then you can be jailed for up to two years . 
  as you can imagine , any reputable employer would n't take that chance and will ask for evidence that you 're allowed to work here . 
  in fact , the current government are proposing legislation that raises the maximum sentence to five years in prison and possibly having your business closed down , plus imprisoning the person who was employed for up to six months and seizing his wages . 
  not to mention being deported and subsequently finding it extremely difficult to come back . 
  so , i also do n't recommend this . 
  i 've read that the greeks invented the first marmalade , which was made from quinces cooked in honey . 
  you 're right , you would n't literally use a whole peach or apricot .
