  why would brexit affect the monarchy ? 
  yeah , that 's the kind of thing i was thinking of - jfk assassination , challenger explosion , 9/11 , etc. 
  things that even a small child would probably remember since everyone around them would suddenly stop what they were doing . 
  i think i was old enough that i would have remembered it if it had been happening in front of me , but it happened during the night and it was n't like my parents were going to wake me up to watch it on the news . 
  well , i 'm 40 in a few years so you 're not wrong . 
  the worst in scotland was the bombing of pan am flight 103 , which exploded over the town of lockerbie , killing 270 people . 
  i 'm afraid i was a small child in 1988 and i do n't remember anything about it . 
  the worst in the uk was a series of suicide bomb attacks in london on the 7th of july 2005 . 
  i remember that i was on a bus going into town and the bus driver stopped the bus and asked all the passengers to look around to see if there was anything suspicious , because there had just been attacks on buses in london . 
  later on i found out how big the attacks had been . 
  where is * howe * used ? 
  my dictionary does n't have it . 
  i 'd called the things in the linked images * barrows . 
  thanks !, 
  [ scottish english . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_english ), 
  [ the union jack ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/a/ae/flag_of_the_united_kingdom.svg/1280px-flag_of_the_united_kingdom.svg.png ) for the uk . 
  the flag of scotland is called [ `` the flag of scotland '' ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/10/flag_of_scotland.svg ) or `` the saltire '' . 
  [ the royal banner of scotland , ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c5/royal_banner_of_scotland.svg ) also known as `` the lion rampant '' , is also sometimes mistakenly used as a national flag though its use is actually limited by law to only those who officially represent the monarch in scotland . 
  sorry , i meant that the left side of my house has a hot tap and the right side has a cold tap . 
  i 've got a washer-drier , i.e. 
  a washing machine that can also dry clothes . 
  i only use it to dry clothes if i need them dried very quickly , otherwise i hang them up to dry . 
   so if you fail the tests at age 16 , you ar n't allowed to keep going to school ? 
  i think you 'd be able to stay on at school and take classes that were equivalent to the ones you 'd failed . 
  it 's been a long time since i was at school so i might be out of date , 
  yes , i was talking about colleges of further education . 
  i think they have those in england as well but they also have sixth form colleges . 
   it sounds like in the uk everyone who is going to uni goes through college first ? 
  no , i do n't think that 's very common . 
  here , you sit a set of exams at the end of your fourth year of secondary school ( age 16 ) . 
  if you passed these exams then you could stay on at school for another year or two to do more advanced exams , and if you passed those then you 'd be able to go to university . 
  i think this is the most common way to get into university . 
  colleges provide qualifications that are somewhere between the kind of thing you 'd study at school at age 16 at one end and second year of university at the other . 
  if you wanted to study a subject at university but did n't have the required qualifications from school then you could get equivalent qualifications by going to college . 
  or perhaps you want to study a subject at a level beyond school but do n't want to commit to a four-year degree . 
  or you want to study a vocational subject . 
  yaaassss !, 
   ethanol is not your desired product ... what do you mean ? 
  why else would you distill an alcoholic beverage ? 
  we 've got a lot of stuff named after camperdown because a local guy beat the dutch in a sea battle there . 
  though , saying that , one of the sinks in my house has separate taps . 
  there 's a couple that were on the list of 100 greatest britons , a poll conducted for a bbc programme : - william wilberforce , who headed the parliamentary campaign against the british slave trade . 
  - aneurin bevan , who spearheaded the establishment of the national health service . 
  yes , we 've had that technology for some time now . 
  everyone probably copied roman plumbing or something . 
  left hot , cold right here . 
  i suspect there 's also legal problems with the queen standing for election . 
  [ behold your new god !, 
  elizabeth ii , god-empress of mankind . 
  home-brewed beer and cider is fairly popular ( and legal ) but i never hear about any illegal distilling going on so either there is n't any going on or it 's very well hidden ... 
   the archetypal ` chocolate box ` countryside part of britain is the cotswolds which is a mix of quaint little villages and lush green countryside . 
  not to be confused with the `` shortbread tin '' depiction , which is invariably of [ the highlands . 
  yes , always . 
  it would be rude not to . 
  i 'm afraid you 've just made your question more confusing . 
  to be honest , i think your premise is flawed . 
   would it be possible for a country to break off and go full capitalism ( low taxes , low social security ) ... would it be possible for a country like the uk to switch from a social democracy model to a more * lassez-faire * capitalism ? 
  in theory , absolutely . 
   ... in order to compete with a socialist country in order to reach the same/similar level of wealth faster ? 
  this is the part i have a problem with . 
  you seem to think that social democracy is something that countries are able to implement once they 've reached a certain level of wealth , and that some sort of other system is required to reach that level . 
  i think that 's false ; social democracy is n't some sort of reward to the citizens for doing well , it 's what allows them to do well . 
  if the state provides healthcare then the population will be healthier and more productive . 
  if the state provides education then the population will be better-educated and more productive . 
  if the state provides unemployment benefits then people will be more willing to try new jobs , making the labour market more effective . 
  the list i gave was the monarchs of the `` kingdom of scotland '' but you 're right that some parts of present-day scotland were parts of other kingdoms . 
  orkney and shetland were known as the nor\u00f0reyjar ( northern isles ) and were annexed by harald h\u00e5rfagre in the 8th century and only became scottish in 1470 . 
  the hebrides and the isle of man were known as the su\u00f0reyjar ( southern isles ) and were also annexed some time in the 8th century . 
  yes , the definition of social democracy on wikipedia is :  a political , social and economic ideology that supports economic and social interventions to promote social justice within the framework of a capitalist economy . 
  with * capitalist economy * being the big difference between social democracy and socialism . 
  in the uk , there is constant debate over which areas the state should intervene in and which should be handled by free markets . 
  kenneth i , donald i , constantine i , \u00c1ed , eochaid , giric , donald ii , constantine ii , malcolm i , indulf , dubh , culen , amla\u00edb , kenneth ii , constantine iii , kenneth iii , malcolm ii , duncan i , macbeth , lulach , malcolm iii , donald iii , duncan ii , edgar , alexander i , david i , malcolm iv , william i , alexander ii , alexander iii , margaret , john , robert i , david ii , robert ii , robert iii , james i , james ii , james iii , james iv , james v , mary i , james vi , charles i , charles ii , james vii , mary ii and william ii , anne , george i , george ii , george iii , george iv , william iv , victoria , edward vii , george v , edward viii , george vi , elizabeth ii . 
  hopefully that fact will come up in a pub quiz or on * pointless * and you 'll be able to amaze everyone . 
  the cook islands , according to wikipedia . 
  it 's probably all that cannibalism that keeps them looking young . 
  there 's no good name for the area that the british olympic association covers as it recruits from the uk , the crown dependencies and some , but not all of , the british overseas territories . 
  if you want to combine the current england , scotland , wales and northern ireland sides into one team then `` united kingdom '' would be the best name for it . 
  in case anyone 's curious , the full list of countries whose nationalities cover multiple fifa teams is : - the united kingdom ( 11 teams ) - the united states ( 5 teams ) - france ( 3 teams ) - china ( 3 teams ) - the kingdom of the netherlands ( 3 teams ) - the kingdom of denmark ( 2 teams ) - the realm of new zealand ( 2 teams ), 
  i think the usual thing is to wait until people have died before putting them on your money , in case you get a load of notes printed up and then it turns out they were secretly cannibals or something . 
  i 'd guess that they would be pretty similar to the current ones : landmarks ( bridges ) : brig o ' doon , glenfinnan viaduct , forth bridge , falkirk wheel , kessock bridge . 
  landmarks ( castles ) : edinburgh castle , culzean castle , glamis castle , brodick castle , inverness castle , balmoral castle . 
  people : robert burns , mary slessor , robert the bruce , adam smith , lord kelvin , alexander fleming , elsie inglis , charles rennie mackintosh , william arrol . 
  * apologetics , * from greek \u1f00\u03c0\u03bf\u03bb\u03bf\u03b3\u03af\u03b1 - `` speaking in defense '' , is the practice of defending the truth of religious doctrines through argumentation . 
  people who did this were known as christian apologists and , from that , the term became used more generally . 
  for example , people who speak in defense of nazi doctrines are called nazi apologists . 
  the drunkenness . 
  either there are a surprising number of nazis on this sub who are downviting you or there are people who are confusing * apologism * with * apologising . 
  * op is asking if nazi apologists are sincere - that is , are the people who defend the nazis sincere in their beliefs . 
  the poster above me thinks they are and i would agree with that . 
  op is not asking about people apologising for the nazis - that is , people saying `` sorry '' . 
  i 've never heard of this stereotype . 
  maps of the uk are usually divided up into scotland , england , wales and northern ireland . 
  edit : how differentiated are they ? 
  i 'd say they were fairly differentiated . 
  in the 2011 census , 62 % of people in scotland said they identified as `` scottish only '' , ie they did n't identify as british . 
  other parts of the uk have similar situations . 
  on the legal side , the uk is a * unitary state * ( the uk as a whole has soverignty and sub-national areas do n't , unlike in a federal country ) but there are devolved legislatures in scotland , wales and northern ireland which could be compared to state legislatures in a federal system . 
  there are also differences that have been around since 1707 , such as scotland always having a different legal system , different education system , etc. 
  it would be illegal to fire someone for their political views unless those views made that person unable to do their job somehow .
