  us treasury bonds are usually used as the benchmark for complete risk free investing . 
  of course nothing is ever risk free but that 's how it works for more examples to people . 
  we 'll take bavaria and while at it sud tirol . 
  another step to all hail dictator erdogan . 
  nsw were complete garbage at the border with seq, 
  i 've driven most of austria but no not over to maribor , i have done the small passes near the soboth and it goes from nice and smooth to bumpy as buggery from austrian to slovenia . 
  austria/slovenia italy/france ( you 'd think with the 1000 tolls the french have the roads would be better in the south ) heck even in australia it 's like that from qld into nsw . 
  whole thing was probably a black flag event so erdogen could just seize more power and complete his moves into dictatorship . 
  greeks probably still do n't trust the turks or the macedonians . 
  also i 'd imagine a lot of that spending could go on the navy to look after the masses of islands ? 
  the whole stay crowd really is acting like a bunch of smug twats . 
  you lost . . the world wo n't end . . focus on working with what 's happened and making the best of it . 
  it can still happen and gibraltar could just be autonomous much how sud tirol is for the italians . 
  do n't despair uk , there 's still the eea and efta, 
  prefer the t-mobile building which looks like a ship coming out of the water, 
  would look nice mounted on a wall, 
  guessing that 's tongue in cheek . . austria is 3rd and we have very liberal gun laws and 1 of the highest rates of ownership per capita . 
  we blinked and norway took them back, 
  sigh . 
  not the outcome we wanted obviously . 
  next up portugal . . was hoping the team would beat hungary/iceland and we could sneak into the next round : /, 
  much like their sporting events amusingly . 
  world series of baseball . . sure thing lads . 
  was more tongue in cheek to be honest . 
  i have no idea on what the us teaches in schools . . 
  probably because americans think that ww1 was pretty much when the usa joined at the end and won against zee germans ignoring all the work done by everyone else . 
  and austria . . ahead of the scots if we want to start a bit of a feud , 
  they did n't want to ask about germany and austria cooperating ? 
  what 's the worst that could happen !, 
  things still active in austria : gold/silver smiths , companies such as rozet and fischmeister which were smiths to the royal family hunting ... not so much a craft as a time honoured tradition , this also then ties in with boutique/very nice items from firmss such as fuchs fine guns ( similar to say h&h in england ) cheese making , particularly in bregenzerwald . . we even have a cheese route . 
  tracht ( traditional attire ) is still made here and popular . 
  austria to be the dark horse/underdogs and win 2016 !, 
  put money on voting to leave a while back , i enjoy gambling on odds that have a reasonable return . . whether the government goes through with it is another matter entirely . 
  would n't be the first time the people say 1 thing and the government does another . 
  what exactly do you think will change for the average uk citizen if they leave the eu ? 
  probably something between fuck all and not much . 
  tasmanian . . probably be beneficial if it sank into the ocean . 
  ah just kidding they 're alright folk down there . 
  good roads for riding/driving . 
  good old german collective guilt . 
  as shown by usa removing hussein . 
  even in the 90s when questioned why the usa did n't go deeper and do it cheney said it would cause a mountain of issues ... quick yt search of the vid [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/6beszmvrq-i ), 
  maybe it 's frozen because they replied to a nigerian prince 's email and want their share that was promised ? 
  finally someone will get their money !, 
  kids see warnings and not over indulging ? 
  what happened to parents teaching their kids to not be useless cunts ? 
  oh never mind i 'll just let someone else educate them . 
  we did n't need warnings when myself and friends started drinking in our youth , we had parents her were n't worthless making sure we knew wtf was going on . 
  bugger the walls . . what is with the british and carpet in their bathrooms ? 
  that just seems manky . 
  what 's wrong with owning firearms ? 
  or being a gun lover ? 
  because it helps to further the eus agenda to restrict firearms ownership for law abiding individuals . 
  austria fortunately has a strong lobby group which continues to fight for the peoples rights to firearms . 
  not too bad . 
  this looks awesome , is there a way to watch/spectate at all ? 
  i have the game but have spent maybe 10 minutes in it so far and really need to learn the ropes first before i commit to something like this . 
  eu does n't want turkey . 
  fuck that . 
  they flood over the border enough as it is . . although some make a good kebap we only need so many of those !, 
  haha all good then , i 'll have another coffee and chill too  well yes i would as well if the terms were satisfactory . 
  i figured you meant istria , but i was going on a rant about sud tirol . 
  they can keep istria as nice as a port would be there 's too many italians and too many germans during the holiday season . 
  small countries ftw . 
  it was tongue in cheek remove the hurt from your butt . 
  i am well versed in the grown up world thanks . 
  of course they would jump ship with what was on offer . . as for lots of italians . . sud tirol was and still is very much austrians or you think they were fighting it the whole time including resorting to terrorist/rebel activity in the 60 's for fun ? 
  even now when there was talk of the border being shut at the brenner pass many people on both sides lamented the division of the state . 
  the military defeat had little to do with the italians jumping ship . . that was down to austrian leadership being incompetent on a massive scale sadly . 
  well that 's another matter entirely , i do feel for you guys as the allies sort of just waltzed in uninvited during the war even though you guys were n't even involved . 
  3rd times a charm ! . . 
  would n't have lost the land if it was n't for the italians being a bunch of shitty turn coats :(, 
  i 'd be curious to see this figure split again between north and south italy as i 'd imagine the north is carrying the south a fair bit . 
  constitutions can always be amended . 
  but it does need a pretty big push for that to happen and most times the governments cave instead ( ala sud tirol ), 
  should still give it back to us kthx . 
  not like europe functioned before the eu . 
  here in australia they start singing the sound of music . 
  my wifes family love the movie so thought it was grand she married an austrian . . we explained to them no austrian watches this movie . 
  if 1 were being cynical we could almost think this is just so they can protect their own interests . . ie : total, 
  australia has lots of friends , they just dont know who they want to stay friends with . 
  asia because of proximity and business/trade , europe because most of us here in australia have our heritage from there or usa because well . . if you 're not usa 's friend they come and bring you `` freedom '' by ruining everything . 
  would n't surprise me . . there 's 3 pugs in my area that always try and attack my malamute . 
  first my dog , then my country ! . . 
  of course , but i focused on the 2 brands we raised , they also use glocks . . 
  team austria !, 
  appears to be a mix of sig and h&k according to their wiki . 
  it seems we meet in the middle, 
  together we stand ! ... 
  unless you want to enjoy our music . . then you 're on your own :|, 
  pussification of the world continues . 
  such a pathetic thing for the police to say . 
  guess it 's easier than doing their real job of catching actual criminals . . granny down the road got bashed but that 's ok lads we caught some dude teaching his pug how to heil !, 
  i did n't think the french liked being occupied ? 
  old greek people have theirs hidden under the mattress from decades of tax evasion . 
  care package of almdudler and mannerschniten incoming !, 
  constantly running from their problems rather than looking to resolve them does nothing for their countries . 
  the young , fit , intelligent are fleeing further compounding issues . 
  unfortunately something needs to be done at the source, 
  what makes them so moronic ?
