  solved . 
  see i 'm not a fan of belgian beers , i prefer a good hefeweizen and the belgian ones tend to be too fruity/floral for my tastes . 
  so i stick to german ones or austrian . 
  i 've been around france a bit but my earlier tastes put me off it as i prob did just sample the cheaper ones . 
  next time i 'm over there i 'll be sure to expand my choices , 
  adblock works well to prevent you contributing to their direct income so that 's 1 way someone can justify it i guess * shrugs *, 
  french beer is shit though , stick to champagne and wine !, 
  gold is also inherently worthless other than people have a fascination for it . 
  it can be used for industrial purposes but so can many other metals . 
  the value in gold exists in the same way that fiat currency has value . . people believe . 
  island nations used to value shells and so on . 
  fallout makes a good point where bottlecaps become currency . . simply because people just want them to be . 
  ottomans invaded all the time . . heck they 're still flooding in but these days they bring kebaps with them instead mmmm, 
  see , this actually makes sense . . unlike in the usa when idiots constantly call trump hitler . 
  i know plenty of pilots who work because they have to . . and love their job . 
  make austria great again !, 
  veal is the original and the best ... but hirsch is also fantastic . 
  such important life skills being taught there . 
  i still love hand making my schnitzels . . 
  if you get the chance give it a go with hirsch . . so k\u00f6stlich . 
  also needs a leberkn\u00f6del suppe, 
  sanity prevails !, 
  i have a solution for those sorts of people, 
  off trying to move the country further over the atlantic to be next to the usa . 
  except he campaigned in the way that was required to win . 
  so people still bitching about this is just stupid . 
  if it was based purely on a majority of the popular vote then no doubt he 's have adapted to that . 
  austria also has a strong firearms culture and they fight constantly against the eu 's regulations . 
  plenty of sporting shooters and hunters around and ownership of certain types of firearms are very easy/open . 
  ownership for self defense and conceal carry are also possible . 
  my opa used to carry all the time but some of our shops were in bad parts of town therefore he was permitted to do so . 
  that being said i know plenty of redditor austrians have little to no interest in firearms but that 's normal for this website i 've noticed . 
  went to usa several times over the years and every time you 've been behind the 8 ball in terms of credit card facilities . . chip reader ? 
  nope . . pin ? 
  nope . . tap and go/paywave ? 
  nope . . you catch up then fall behind . 
  no they wo n't approach you . 
  prosit !, 
  maybe so , but not in every country . 
  where is here ? 
  ca n't see your flair : /, 
  krampus . 
  fuck your sissy american elf on a shelf . 
  vorarlberg is generally pretty comfortable , innsbruck as well . 
  those few moments driving through burgenland when driving from vienna to graz are always harrowing . . 
  one of my uncles was a master baker . . did it for over 30years before changing professions to something more family friendly time wise . 
  he used to bring home fresh bread everyday and it was glorious . 
  3rd times a charm though right ? 
  after managing it twice we surely have worked out the kinks . 
  secretly and not so secretly . . give it back italy !, 
  styria population density was 74,5 p/km \u00b2 - in 2015 according to the article i checked . 
  graz is 2.200 / km, 
  used to love it as a kid and preferred it over other soft drinks ( except almdudler . . nothing beats that ) . 
  but these days i have n't touched it in years . . but that holds true for most soft drinks/sodas . 
  dad goes there regularly in summer with his motorhome . 
  likes it there a lot . 
  on pc - eu4 , csgo , pubg one xbone - forza ( various ) and gta4 . 
  not much time lately for pc gaming with newborns but console is good for a quick session between their naps . 
  baised , but austria has some amazing roads . 
  lots of mountain passes to drive through and very picturesque . 
  the most known to outsiders though would be the [ grossglockner ] ( https://www.grossglockner.at/gg/en/index ), 
  yep , further to that at oma 's in graz we also have a bunker because opa was so paranoid about the russians and war starting again he had 1 put in during the 50s . 
  2 rooms , reasonable size . 
  just used for storage these days, 
  the season might not be long but the roads are wonderful during that time . 
  soboth pass or the grossglockner make for great times . 
  currently have 2 ( twins ) and wife and i are considering a 3rd in a few years . 
  i 'd prob choose between vienna or salzburg and most likely lean towards salzburg . 
  wife is linked to sir john hawkins . . 
  but alas no worldly riches for us :(, 
  mums side has been in the same village for about 400 years or more in 1 way or another . 
  bavarians might as well be austrians . 
  much more in common with us than their german counterparts to the north . 
  when 2 trucks are going up hill block both lanes of the autobahn . . because they 're always invariably from the east * grrr *, 
  ralph lugner , but he embraces his shenanigans and is a bit of a joker politician . 
  partner of 1 of my aunts went to jail for bank robbery . . had no trouble integrating back into society and has a decent job working it security/etc these days * shrugs *, 
  how `` close '' are you buddies . . ios might be an option, 
  taxing their shipping industry . 
  and to the south the slovenes in lower styria speak german as well . 
  in carinthia some people speak slovene and there are signs in that as well . 
  north - potato south - earth apple . 
  also we were known as das wilde bergvolk hinter 'm semmering for a fair while . . ( the wild mountain folk behind the semmering ) semmering range being a traditional divider between north/south . 
  born in austria , that 's good enough for us to claim him back then !, 
  pretty much this . 
  probably the common theme across the board which is to be expected . 
  i am content with where i am but i shake my head at younger folk so i guess i could be happy if i was shifted back to living in the 50-70s . 
  although it would be amazing to be alive during an era of space exploration by humans on the polar opposite being alive during a time when the world was a bigger place is also appealing . . not knowing what is across that mountain range . . or the dessert or that vast body of water . . 
  mysteries !, 
  union i hope and not league * squint *, 
  much how canadians always say ` eh ' when being stereotyped and so on . 
  * shrugs *, 
  as a styrian i 'm ok with this answer . . do n't even really want lower styria back . 
  or just anyone who appreciates a fine suit * turns up nose *, 
  like [ this ] ( https://w-dog.net/wallpaper/bodybuilder-arnold-schwarzenegger-suit-governor-biceps-identity-star-arnold-schwarzenegger-actor/id/120051/ ) perhaps [ this ] ( http://www.x17online.com/media/images//2016/09/arnold-092916.jpg ), 
  green heart of austria . . 
  eav or opus, 
  uae , qatar or most likely kuwait, 
  considered canada or australia ? 
  moving within the commonwealth is easy as pie and you wo n't have language issues and can probably even work on your french if you go to french canada, 
  whatever you do , do not provide us any information about yourself to help us answer this question .
