  such as age , skills , education , current work , etc. 
  i mean we just love taking stabs in the dark on random people . 
  as such i would say your best choices are to be filthy rich , attractive and successful . 
  hell it could be nyc around central park if it 's old enough . 
  plenty of euro style buildings there . 
  bavaria and maybe baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ... rest of germany can do their own thing :p, 
  niseko in japan . . the most amazing powder i 've had the pleasure of boarding . 
  went out with a snow cat on 1 day and did a tonne of off piste/back country with my best mate for a week . 
  nothing has come close for good pow . 
  i have enjoyed my time in usa boarding as well , mate and i had good fun head up ajax ( aspen ) bombing down the run then hitting up the starbucks at the bottom before taking the gondola back up sipping on our hot chocolates . 
  i have had the good fortune of boarding all over the place from all over colorado to nz to europe/etc and had a great time at every location . 
  some of my firearms have austria stamped on them and austrian proofs . . my snowboard says made in austria , and so on . 
  made in labels are very common . 
  prussians ? 
  not even really secret but they behave themselves enough at least . 
  i hold a mostly likely unpopular opinion to my other austrian redditors but i sort of wish we had the monarchy still . . in a capacity similar to other european nations where they do n't hold any real power but more as a symbol of the nation/figure heads . 
  a bit of pomp and fair are n't bad things . 
  i personally love it . 
  something nice unique and different . 
  better question would be why do folks have no proper idea what 1st/2nd and 3rd world mean ? 
  west made sense in a geographical sense at least . 
  my italian friends are the biggest posters/sharers of it on various social media platforms . 
  they find it amusing . 
  eh , no issue with the germans . . my oma dislikes them all though except the bavarians haha . 
  she 's also not a fan of the viennese mind you . . old styrian lady to the nth degree . 
  well on that , burgenland in austria would be closer to hungary . . forgot about them !, 
  bavaria would be more similar to austria than other german states . 
  vorarlberg here in austria is more like the swiss germans carinthia is a bit more slavic so would tie with slovenia nicely . 
  sud tirol in italy would be more like austria than italy . 
  but that 's more of just a generalisation of `` possibles '' i 'm sure others can be much more in depth . 
  my wife has family from l\u00fcbeck and they have mentioned they feel a bit more of a difference between how things are up there and in the south especially bavaria . 
  but of course that is purely anecdotal from my side of things . 
  i say we move it to canberra just to really mess with everyone . 
  i 'd imagine there are bigger differences between the north and the south . 
  being in the eu was about the most relevant uk as been . 
  they need the eu more than the eu needs it . 
  as cgp grey once had it ( i think ? ), 
  if the uk would move itself across the atlantic and next to usa it would have long ago . 
  there is n't much bargaining it can do , fta/etc will no doubt still happen at some stage as it is mutual beneficial . 
  open borders ? 
  well uk has n't really had open borders regardless of their eu status and still passport check everyone . 
  i like the brits but overall their time in the sun as a great empire is long gone . 
  defense ? 
  guess germany has another excuse to arm itself more if it feels like it . 
  it 's not like anyone would ever lie to become part of the eu not looking at anyone in particular . . greece ... * squint *, 
  friedrich hayek moved to arkansas and married his cousin . . 
  upsalla in sweden if you 're interested in business degrees, 
  worried they 'll steal all their nice wine !, 
  the usa . 
  nice try mpaa your powers wo n't work here !, 
  south africa around cape town/stellenbosch or 1 of the caribbean nations like st lucia, 
  live in australia at present but am a sporting shooter and hunt . 
  back in austria where i 'm from ( styria ) there are deer huts everywhere and i have family who hunt deer a fair bit as well as go fishing often . 
  some even have their own lakes on plots full of fish they just chill at on a nice summers day with beers . 
  i 'd say it is common in my area where i 'm from as we are more rural than other areas . 
  my opa used to make it himself and enjoy a drink . . consequently most of the people i know who enjoyed it were all farmers/rural folk . 
  never really noticed it in town . 
  alpine skiing events . 
  most successful country in the world . 
  also good at ski jumping, 
  waynes for an oversized hot chocolate and then i pilfered the mug it came in . 
  was fantastic as my office coffee mug for years then it vanished . 
  i may have to revisit stockholm for acquire another mug 1 day . 
  could get a map of austria and throw darts at it and you 're bound to hit a beautiful building in the nearby of where it lands . 
  have n't been over to switzerland for a while then ? 
  :p i still like seeing the little border huts around and think they should be kept because regardless of this utopian dream we have of a trouble free world there may still be a day when it 's required to lock things down . 
  styrian water is best water !, 
  it 's probably just the [ swedish dynamite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucp8ks-dsrpvoxvl6wndt-7g ) youtube guy . 
  many austrians on here like that too . 
  yet austria also has a nice thriving gun culture full of competitive shooters , hunters and enthusiasts . 
  opa used to have his cc due to the location of some of his shops in bad areas and a few of our families taxi driver friends had them as well . 
  it has been a very important city for slovenes . 
  do n't think they ever had a majority but the name graz does come from slovene origins . 
  my opa and oma rode , my dad has been riding since he was 8 , i have my license and ride occasionally with dad . 
  my uncle ( dads side ) rides . 
  we 're more into nakeds than sports bikes/etc . 
  dad used to go with friends and ride the soboth frequently as mums from down that way . 
  we 've always viewed riding as a fun past time but of course it comes with inherent dangers . 
  the grossglockner is very popular as well for motorcyclists ( well any motoring enthusiasts really i guess ) . 
  motogp also goes to the red bull ring this year which will be great . 
  so basically all of new jersey . 
  france , i enjoy skiing in the espace killy region , lounging in the south at cannes or st tropez et all and also partial to epernay/reims as i do enjoy champagne and had the best stuffed pigeon over there . 
  close second would be italy but the northern half . 
  the people in both areas have been wonderful to interact with . 
  sort of , the head quarters are nearby but fairly certain the actual manufacturing facility is in switerzland due to tax benefits . . 
  i know rauch is over the border for this reason, 
  just hit up ibiza, 
  graz does cars - magna steyr has a factory there . 
  steyr does firearms - steyr mannlicher bregenzerwald is known for cheese . 
  when i visit family back in styria this is often the case . . we 're from rural background and so having houses/villages surrounded by forrest it is n't too uncommon to see deer/etc . 
  you have multiple people who have given you the same answer and they 're from various countries and no doubt differing political alignments . 
  it 's just not the answer you wanted to hear . 
  upsala in sweden if you want to do business related courses . 
  you mean r/europe ? 
  fact is reddit as a whole in most subs is left leaning unless it 's a specific right sub . 
  commodore/amiga back in the 80s . 
  nice try illuminati/nwo, 
  being the most successful country in alpine skiing events makes the winter olympics a bit of a big deal in austria . 
  yes, 
  monarchy .
