  just because their views differ to yours ? 
  that would be nice thanks !, 
  would most likely be swiss arms ( sig sauer to export countries ) since h&k are german, 
  give it a few years we 'll try again ! . . 
  oh not likely , when has an austrian ever acted in an irrational manner ... brb showing myself the door . 
  i have no issue with it at all . 
  there needs to be checks and balances . 
  i find letting just anyone flood into the country is a recipe for disaster . 
  if they have the valid passport ( as anyone in the eu/schengen should have ) then they scoot through no worries . 
  happening in austria atm as well . . make austria great again ! . . 
  oh and close all our borders . 
  easily solved italy . . give us back sud tirol . 
  where else would we get swiss army knives from !, 
  with hysterical idiots like that littering the usa no wonder they 'll end up with trump as president . 
  true , but they 'll never be scandinavian, 
  thanks russia !, 
  go hang out with your communist mates and organise it then . 
  kebaps are amazing . . especially when drunk . 
  canning facility is in switzerland due to tax breaks/concessions . . same as rauch . 
  i 'm guessing we make stuff which average users would n't really realise are austrian . 
  we make some of the best firearms ( glock , steyr mannlicher ) , industrial equipment such as cablecars/gondalas ( doppelmayr ) and machinery used in lumber/paper industries . . ski gear ( atomic , burton boards are manufactured in austria ) , optics via swarovski or microfibre technology with enjo . . the list continues . 
  i am very proud of our industies and products not to mention innovations ( bwt in the field of water filtration ) . 
  could fill a lot of niches/areas with our products \u00d6sterreich uber alles !, 
  been there done that a few times . 
  we always bounce back , 
  they 've been paid back plenty in reparations and continue to chase more . 
  too often being nationalistic is viewed in a bad way . 
  patriotism is a wonderful thing . 
  afrighanistan . . hinting at being africa 's afghanistan . 
  at the time there was armed conflict in mali with islamists capturing territory . 
  as if the truth ever matters in these circle jerks . 
  if anyone truly believed vag were the only company to cheat they were kidding themselves . 
  are we sure it was n't the french consulate ? 
  i find it ludicrous that you can have someone die for their country in a war but deny them a simple drink as if wine or beer is the devil !, 
  woosh !, 
  better not stuff up our neutral standing . 
  this happens in plenty of other countries . . so much so austria issues multiple passports for certain people so when they visit certain countries they do n't get pulled up for having `` unfriendly '' stamps showing . 
  it 's a sad fact : /, 
  oh good i was hating all this fun/light hearted content and missing the usual anti/pro refugee/migrant news stories . 
  hopefully the next trend is most posts about brexit and how fucking useless that situation is progressing so far . 
  if a ninja is seen in public they 're not a very good 1 :(, 
  what defines alcohol used ? 
  an occasional bit of wine/champagne is hardly going to cause problems . . or is it regular number of drinks every week ? 
  or nothing happens once there has been one and government said it would act on the outcome but instead everyone just sort of twiddles their thumbs . 
  actually it is democratic . . a majority vote wins . . 
  if she wants to keep pissing people off in that area that 's her fault . 
  i like the local , banning it seems daft . 
  what 's turkey going to do ? 
  they 're not the ottomans anymore !, 
  thank you for the in depth answer , it is appreciated , 
  my family in austria complains about prices too . . 
  i think people complain where ever they are . . then drive over the border to slovenia for cheaper cigarettes/etc, 
  pretty sure lombardy is 1 of the strongest italian states behind sudtirol ? 
  or is that wrong ? 
  for the purpose of being on reddit i went with that since if i went with the more common .4 % and similar figures on various pages/news sites i would have no doubt had a bunch of people harping on how `` it must be greater but people just do n't come out because of < insert whatever reason  '', 
  but once again . . it comes down to a matter of time . 
  a quick google gives indications that it is around 1 % of the whole uk population that is trans/confused/whatever you want to call it . 
  if they have bugger all else to do then sure focus on this . . but it seems more like a bit of a fluff piece for them to do instead of probably working on more important yet more difficult tasks . 
  was over there in august and saw plenty of pubs . 
  mind you i was in london mostly but still seemed to be 1 on most corners where i was spending time . 
  was good fun to pub crawl from 1 to the next for a pint . 
  plus the red lion still makes an awesome pie so as long as they keep doing that there 's hope !, 
  if only hitler and donald trump were the only 2 politicians to ever say `` make x great again '' etc. . fucking left leaners are getting desperate . 
  extortion is the word people are looking for . 
  this is common world wide , even here in australia where i live now . 
  many are lamenting how old colonial buildings from the 1800 's were torn down for horrid monstrosities from the 60 's . . truly 1 of the worst era 's of architecture . 
  he can be a catalyst . 
  the old world still has many deep set rivalries regardless what a loving and all embracing face the politicians put on . 
  https://globaledge.msu.edu/countries/ireland/tradestats still a reasonable trade partnership . . but 50 % is just a ludicrous claim, 
  back before bullshit like australia being entrants . 
  the initial assault weapons ban had a sunset clause in it . 
  also `` assault '' rifles are just normal rifles . . but with a scary name . 
  it 's a self loading ( only semi automatic not fully auto ) rifle no big deal . . they 're also freely available all through europe with no fuss at all . 
  do n't be so scared about these things because it really is a non event for 99 % of people, 
  nothing scary about guns at all . . 
  it just happens that media outlets love to use the usa as an example for everything and they are a massive outlier . . you could substantially improve their statistics if you removed gang violence from them . 
  law abiding firearms owners in the majority of places are perfectly normal folks and in fact tend to be even more law abiding/sensible because if we get into trouble we lose our rights to ownership . 
  depending on which part it did stretch for a substantial time ( near on 700 years ), 
  true , keep forgetting that about the micronations . 
  one of the cheaper places to buy residency from in the eu and with shorter turn around time as well without requirement to physically move there . 
  handy for tax . 
  bunch of cheese eating surrender monkeys !, 
  the 2 majors ( coles and woolworths ) in australia are also banning plastic bags and several local councils have already enacted plastic bag bans for a while now . 
  it is most certainly a step in the right direction . 
  yet germany has more obese people than austria . 
  * shrugs *, 
  and americans ... 
  only if you 're a mental midget incapable of rational thought . 
  remove that chip from your shoulder . 
  if i do it because i feel they deserved it then what 's the issue ? 
  not all people perform their job equally . 
  also you 're wrong , if i needed paramedics i would also show them gratitude as i see fit . 
  i have enough family working in the medical services that have received gifts/thank you 's from people ( they work intensive care and emergency mostly ) . 
  i still tip when i feel i 've had exceptional service as a bit of a thank you to the waiter who has looked after us during the evening . 
  it 's a small gesture and not that big a deal . 
  should it be common everywhere ? 
  no , but sometimes i feel the situation warrants it . 
  because that has worked so well and solved the problems in the region . 
  if you need plenty of data here on lte just get a sim for your tablet/mobile hot spot . 
  can then get unlimited data for under $ 30 then connect you mobile to the hot spot .
