not really different to any other religion and the churches pushing an afterlife . 
  heck look at those crazy american `` preachers '' who fill stadiums and just fleece people of their money . 
  except it 's been the other way recently with more coconuts going home than coming here !, 
  as someone living in australia at present , i honestly think it is fucking stupid to have this country as part of eurovision . 
  much like the catalans wish they could ? 
  inaccurate . . eu will boot out the greeks before 2050 . 
  since the anti 's need all the help they can get for their agenda of disarming everyone . 
  if 1 removed gang violence from us statistics you guys would be much more aligned with other countries . 
  oh well ca n't let the truth get in the way of a good gun bashing for some folks . 
  some of the best come from italy . 
  i love my tanfoglio competition gun for ipsc , 
  depends on your country . 
  fortunately we have a good lobbying group here in austria which fought for our rights to own firearms without excessive eu bullshit . 
  lo and behold it 's not a shooting hot bed . 
  people can be responsible firearms owners provided the rest of the conditions are fine , mental health , poverty , etc are all factors to these issues the americans face . 
  we gave you guys south styria , do n't be greedy !, 
  does it not count the british empires commonwealth lands ? 
  such as canada and australia , etc ? 
  they still have the queen as her figure head and are part of the empire as such . 
  autonomous for sure but generally considered part of her to a degree, 
  is it possible to get this image in a higher resolution ? 
  `` his main job is a film director '' so i guess that answers the frequent question of `` do n't you have anything better to do ? '', 
  guess the town planners need to come up with better solutions to dealing with traffic so that these situations stop occuring . 
  it is sadly the way things are going . 
  so many people i know travel and visit london or paris and think places like this actually embody what the country is . 
  no you fools venture further out and see the real people and lands . 
  you can go from sydney to nyc to london and it feels the same due to the mix of folks from all over the world etc. 
  sure there are the slight unique things of being in that country but overall larger cities are becoming more of the same . 
  must be 1 of those immigrants we keep getting warned about . 
  that chart somewhat appalls me . 
  people so unwilling to fight for their own country , their home and their family/friends . 
  what has happened . 
  sure war is shit but if it is your land and your people why would you not want to be there to defend it ? 
  geographically blessed so as to make them incredibly hard to conquer even with modern military technology . 
  plus a population who is well trained and willing to defend their nation ( well most swiss i know ) . 
  1 never knows with these wiley yanks . . best to be sure and cover all bases . 
  democracy existed well before you muppets did . 
  but we still love you guys . 
  some of the bigger ones along the autobahns sell a pretty large selection of items which can be handy . 
  ones which tend to have old timer restaurants/hotels attached to them, 
  understandably so . 
  they sold the people a pipe dream then high tailed it out when it came to the crunch . 
  wish they would get on with it . 
  either go ahead with it or pull your heads in and admit you 're all full of shit and wo n't be going ahead with it . 
  you do make good port !, 
  that is pretty awesome though . 
  and to think even a few weeks ago there were a few turkish folk on here defending erdogan . 
  best be a potato salad to go along with that , preferably with pumpkin seed oil . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've been in similar situations after some strong chilli, 
  graz and its glorious [ crest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/graz#/media/file:wappen_graz.svg ), 
  frohes nationalfeiertag !, 
  god damn it , i just got used to the change . 
  tell ya what , if you just hand over the sudetenland we 'll forget it ever happened . 
  well freud was born in what is now czechia , you guys also could claim porsche, 
  why could n't it have been mozart ... but then salzburgers would pipe up saying he was n't austrian anyway :( * edit * seems mozart was second, 
  all the largest `` farms '' are cattle and grazing , sure combining many smaller crop farms you 'd get more land area but in terms of individuals animal farming wins the day . 
  yes , but they 're not 1 single individual farm , australia has enough combined farm land including stations . 
  he/she made it sound like 1 individual farm the size of wales . . which is approx 4.9 mill acres . 
  none of which are arable crop farms, 
  largest farms are in china and australia . . 
  i think he 's exaggerating somewhat . 
  of those only the largest 3 are bigger than wales ( 4.9 million acres ), 
  that 's enough internet for you today . 
  of course they knew , just as it is way more than just vw who were cheating this whole time . 
  nope , i sent my slave to stand up for me thanks . 
  make the habsburg empire great again !, 
  americas hat !, 
  get some thicker skin . . all sides cop it in turns . 
  even that line about the russians is pretty sad . 
  crying about being mistreated then have a dig at another country . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  there 's ivan milat , kevin rudd , martin bryant , red backs , drop bears , anthony mundine . 
  austrian pinscher would be the closest fit to a native breed for looking after livestock . 
  most other austrian breeds are for scenting/hunting . 
  was n't that guy a character in inglorious basterds ? 
  not sure i can get behind someone who 's prone to stabbing the shit out of others . 
  i stand corrected then , although my reference to recent times was being around the 70s when there were several bombings/etc from secessionist parties and you guys got autonomy . 
  i still do n't consider the notion to be offensive though, 
  sud tyrol is n't really that offensive . . it is still very much more austrian culturally than italian and in the scheme of things still wanted to reunite themselves rather recently . 
  mums family home in eibiswald , about 1600something ( although looking at some old maps ( 1380s ) it may well have existed for longer . 
  dads side in graz , sometime between ww1 and 2 i imagine . 
  seems like a pretty shit article and ffs could they at least call the netherlands by its proper name and not the lazy ass `` holland '', 
  the people on the internet who think the world will end if he wins . 
  mammoth tusks found in vienna after roadworks . 
  hoffer leads a few polls , people getting worried because this pretty much means the return of hitler if you believe them . 
  make austria great again !, 
  last time canadians entered en mass they burned down the us capital . 
  you guys should join us !, 
  we just think that of the south :p, 
  even middle eastern hotties ca n't stand losers in fedoras . 
  that the usa should just stop fucking shit up in the me . 
  when you qualify for anything of note in your desired field/hobby/sport you can approach it anyway you want . 
  some people want to take their own little pictures of things . 
  the result saddens me , but i guess a lot comes down to how it was phrased/asked . 
  not really . . 1 is just a cafe that gives a guy a happy ending the other is a psychopath who might potentially be in charge of a super power and has an itchy trigger finger and constantly asks advisors why he ca n't just use the nukes . 
  you must come from the north . 
  was tongue in cheek usually a good way to get usa to liberate a country , 
  pssst usa . . there 's oil in them there turkey ... better go bring them freedom, 
  should n't have spent so much on bribery then . 
  daedalus was the world cup , icarus the olympics ?
