/ r/russianheadlines, 
  downvoted for eurofascism, 
   english is a race now is it ? 
  that 's not going to get you out of trouble for your racist behaviour . 
   i wonder why you felt the need to bring your ethnicity into it anyway i did n't bring ethnicity into it ; i brought nationality into it , you 're the one who made it about ethnicity by conflating all senses of the word ` english ' with the ethnicity that is english . 
  that did n't stop you from saying that it ` took a very special kind of mind to be english ' , ' i am truly english ' and other insulting , racist things . 
  i 'm going to report you , because that is racist rhetoric of the highest degree, 
   exactly the same kind of economic migrant that he will hate being in england my family were economic migrants to england , asshole . 
  you do n't know anything about me yet you speak about me like you 're intimately familiar with me . 
   it takes a special kind of mind to be english , very special . 
  i 'm from england , but i 'm not ethnically english , get it ? 
  lmao, 
  now you 're just being pedantic . 
   i 'm not trying to say anything . 
  i am saying that you are an economic migrant , same as the polish etc to the uk . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  and i 'm not an economic migrant , as i said , it 's far more complicated than that  you said your invested interest in a country . 
  is scotland your country ? 
  the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the united states of america are my countries . 
  then why do you assume that they do n't find killing or harassing migrant poles horrifying ? 
  it 's an extreme minority that tolerate the harassment of any migrant , even those who are anti-immigration, 
   as would economic migrants in the uk say . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
   you live in scotland ? 
  i 'm surprised . 
  i said ` am a national of ' . 
  seeing as scotland is n't giving out citizenship nor is an independent nation , it is obvious what context i am using the word ` nation ' in . 
  you 're just so deluded with ` nationalism ' , you automatically assume everyone is talking about scotland . 
   scotland gets 9 % of the seats with 8.3 % of the population . 
  and yet ukip got a single seat despite getting more votes than the snp did . 
  explain to me how that 's fair . 
  how many thousands ? 
  scotland is not comparable to norway . 
  period . 
  you know what they say about ironic homophobia still being homophobia ? 
  it seems like literally every news outlet but the bbc is carrying this as a front page story . 
  [ see for yourself . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world ), 
  you do n't like english people , i see . 
   economic migrant it 's far more complicated than that . 
   so caring gee , it 's not like i do n't have family that live there not to mention my own personal invested interest in a country i am a national of !, 
  do you ask jews why they take interest in israel , or would you feel that to be ` racist ' ? 
  of course i 'm bitter that [ scotland receives 22 % more public funds per capita than england ] ( http://www.gov.scot/resource/0050/00504649.pdf ) despite english paying the lion-share of taxes, 
   / u/thegayslayer, 
  most people in england find the killing of migrant workers horrifying , do n't be ridiculous and hyperbolic by comparing it to those who find homosexuality abhorrent, 
   tupolev-154 is a safe aircraft . 
  not a 25 year-old one though , is it ? 
  just admit it , when you say ` uk government ' , you mean * ` english ' * government , do n't you ? 
  the way you talk is as if scottish are n't disproportionately overrepresented in parliament, 
  sure it does ; if i was to a pick a pole at random , there 'd be a greater chance that he 'd be against homosexualism and abortion than say , a norwegian or swede at random . 
  national stereotypes are not necessarily all wrong , or bad . 
   their natural resources were taken by westminster ... which may as well be a second scottish parliament , given how disproportionate the scots per capita are to the rest of the constituent nations of the united kingdom . 
  but that doesnt change the fact that scotland has been subsidising the english since the 70s . 
  have you even been reading this thread ? 
  scotland gets 22 % more public spending allocated to her per head than england does . 
  just making sure . 
  you progressive types behave how you vote : cathartically . 
   if this makes you angry , i have n't taken an opinion on this issue this entire thread , except that government media is crap for not covering the news . 
  you 're projecting a quite a bit your own mental state onto me , i presume ? 
   in reality , this is crap this is merely your opinion , the law clearly stipulates that both sides to a contentious debate ( of which the sun revolving around the earth is not contentious ) get equal airtime , and equal airtime they should receive . 
  that 's what we pay for . 
  my family did for my entire life when i was still living with them , so yes, 
   if you returned scotland 's natural resources to their rightful owners , are you under the amusing delusion that scotland is ` colonised ' and an ` oppressed ' vassal under the suzerainty of england , as opposed to being a full member in union ( via the acts of union 1707 ) with and co-conspirator in empire with the english ? 
  poor people fuck more, 
  that 's alright , he has plenty he can borrow from me, 
   yet the english are absolutely obsessed with their money and having to pay whats ultimately not even a fair share of the bill . 
  do n't you fucking dare say that we owe scotland anything more . 
  if anything , scotland owes * we * . 
  it does n't surprise me that americans top out for personal freedoms : one thing i really love about the american people and living here in general is their belief that their constitution and freedoms should be defended , even if they despise them : americans have debates on guns and hate speech all the time , but to rescind the 2nd or 1st amendments would be downright unthinkable and politically impossible . 
  it 's the key difference between europeans and americans , americans being far more ideological than europeans , and even as far back as the 1860s , it was unfathomable to contemporary continentals that america would start a civil war over something as ideological as state 's rights , probably being the first war in world history where a stable , economically prosperous nation chose to go to war against itself over enforcement of its own state policies ( or interpretations thereof ) . 
  it 's not needed at all . 
  scotland does n't ( nor will it ) need to leave the united kingdom , because scottish people are overwhelmingly against such a silly idea . 
  i support the idea of another independence referendum , on the condition that the snp calls for snap elections should the referendum fail and nicola sturgeon and her ministers resign immediately . 
   but it should not be accepted and treated as normal . 
  millions would agree with you , even more millions by a multitude of 100x would disagree with you . 
  really depends on which country you 're from : horrifying to a swede , soothing to a serb . 
   that was about strangers , i 'd be more tactful to their faces , where i 'm from , we call this ` being deceitful ' . 
   repeated rudeness ... such as directly above , where you labeled millions upon millions of people who disagree with your take on sexual politics as ` idiots ' , ` hateful ' , and ` bigots ' ? 
  as i said before in this very thread , ` it takes one to know one ' . 
  well , you 'd be wrong . 
  many of us cherish our privacy and the right to refuse bonehead questions from boneheads . 
   thanks for uncritically reporting rampant hate and ignorance , and for making it look normal . 
  in practically all of the world outside of europe , it * is * normal . 
  i 'm guessing you 've never really lived abroad before , eh, 
   globalism is right-wing by definition . 
  / facepalm, 
   that 's one site ... which also happens to be our national state broadcaster , publicly-funded and impartial by law ( though the law and reality are often two different things ) which is supposed to report the news , and not leave it to 3rd parties to catch their mistakes, 
  so since london voted to remain , but yorkshire did n't , should london secede from the uk and yorkshire stay in ? 
  your logic makes no sense, 
  sounds like she wants to create hard borders and checkpoints on an island that previously had none . 
   scotland voted against `` such nonsense '' under false pretences , i.e. 
  they 'd stay in eu , more powers , amongst other things promised prior to the independence referendum . 
  politicians lie !?!? 
  the horror !!!, 
  still does n't justify another referendum though . 
   i ca n't be arsed with this argument . 
  just mind boggling how much the english hate not only european nationals but fellow brits . . are n't you the ones who do n't want to be fellow brits anymore ? 
  you 're an snp voter , i can smell you all the way from here in california, 
   though that suggests a no to me . 
  and how do you come to that genius conclusion ?
