the obvious counter argument would be that past conflicts are still pretty recent , but that just does n't cut if anymore in 2014 . 
  try to have a discussion about race relations in the us without somebody bringing up slavery within the first 5 minutes or so . 
  and that was over 120 years ago , not 20 . 
  in a country that today is considered a first world country , where people have opportunities that most people in the eastern part of europe could , at the time of the balkan wars , and long after that , only dream of . 
  apparently , serbs and croats can not stand each other , for whatever reason . 
  in the case of serbs , some form of resentment is understandable , what with the croats having had , during ww2 , their [ own version of auschwitz ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jasenovac_concentration_camp ) and stuff . 
  i dunno why croatians do n't like serbs , but i 'm sure some native can explain that . 
  edit : did n't see the flag , sorry . 
  well , that explains how you understood the chanting , i was wondering that myself ... 
  edit : * standard operating procedure * : never mind , i got it . 
  and i partially agree with you : unit 731 ( i assume you mean this one ) really makes auschwitz suddenly sound not that bad . 
  it 's worth mentioning though that mengele was n't the only fucked up guy around there . 
  turns out mental disease comes in many shapes and sizes when one is given a blank card to do whatever he/she desires to other human beings . 
  i am a romanian , and i can clarify the above statement for you , at least in regard to our country ( yey me ) . 
  first off , former members of the ussr contain a large russian minority , which is bound to want to go back to russia , for reasons only they understand . 
  it is the case of moldavia , it was the case of crimeea etc. 
  to be honest , i kind of understand them . 
  between being poor in a country where you are the minority and being poor in a country where you are the majority , i too would choose the second option . 
  second of all , there are people in these countries ( ex-communist countries i mean ) ( in romania the amount is quite significant , about 25 % ) who really miss the old communist regime , because of the failures of the regimes that came afterwards . 
  according to these people , times were better back then , you actually had money even if there was n't anything to buy because there was n't jack shit available , one had a steady job , got a flat from the state ( even if in a shitty area of town ) etc. 
  this could be mistaken for a pro-russian attitude by an outsider , but make no mistake : at least in romania , while 1 in 4 people miss the old communist regime , most people distrust or outright hate russia . 
  looks like it plunged face down into the earth . 
  i 'll try to explain to you the way i see it , maybe my pov , as a citizen of a former communist country helps : it has nothing to do with erasing the past , just like [ germany 's removal of national-socialist symbols ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cytcquktvy ) had nothing to do with erasing the memories of the war and its atrocities . 
  just like how , during the romanian revolution of ' 89 , [ people cut the communist symbol out of the romanian flag ] ( http://echtilitati.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/echt-revolutie-19891.jpg ) . 
  just like when , declaring independence , the occupying country 's flags are taken down and new ones put instead . 
  it 's a statement that the old regime is no longer in power . 
   besides , does this revolution have anything to do with communism/capitalism ? 
  the way i see it , it 's more about sovereingty and anger towards the corrupt government than anything else . 
  on the top it of , lenin was far from being the worst possible leader and ( ? ), 
  generally represents the benign side of communism . 
  nothing and everything . 
  see , communism and capitalism are wrongfully associated to ruling styles ( dictatorship and democracy ) . 
  yes , they are simply economic models and one could have combinations such as democracy + communism or capitalism + dictatorship ( china ) , but most people , when thinking of communism , think of dictatorship . 
  repression . 
  persecution etc. 
  lenin may not have been a bad leader , or even a bad person to begin with , but his image has been used as propaganda to push forward a russian communist model and all the caveats that came along with it ( such as corruption , nepotism etc. ) . 
  in destroying lenin 's statues , people are n't expressing discontent towards the person that is lenin ( most people do not know anything about him ) , but towards what the statue really stands for : soviet-style oppression . 
  you mean [ something like this ] ( http://imgur.com/cqypiko ) ? 
  ( but with putin instead of hitler ), 
  i totally agree . 
  imagine this scenario : plane crashes on a deserted island . 
  only 2 survivors , a white male and a black male . 
  they are hungry , and all they have to eat is that white male has a bucket of kfc from the plane . 
  he offers black male some . 
  now who wants to bet that , in this case , some retarded sj warriors would start screaming racism ? 
  it 's a bad name to have because it can not be googled easily ( the word sign is too common and dilutes the results ) . 
  otherwise , if it were owned by the european union ( something akin to `` we the people '' platform of the us ) , i 'd trust it . 
  as a private company , i just can not . 
  why would you need/like hills on a bike ? 
  they 're annoying as hell if you 're going upwards . 
  and from my experience it seems like no matter which way you ride , you are still going upwards . 
  not to mention that it sparked a series of skirmishes and other melees , one of them aptly called ** world war ii ** . 
  it 's not the low temperatures that piss me off , nor the snow . 
  it 's the rain . 
  and fog and clouds , it 's just depressing . 
  i 'd rather have -5 c with snow ( maybe also sunny ) than 5-10c with rain . 
  also , you 're swedish . 
  with germany 's beautiful weather , who would n't like to commute to work on a bike ? 
  turkey , russia and now greece . 
  20 more countries and we 're back from where we left 500 years ago . 
  our country , on the other hand , bought scrap f-16 's from the us for twice the money it costs to buy a typhoon ( which in turn is about twice the cost of a jas39 iirc ) . 
  that 's my question to the politician who asserted that . 
  i have all the right to dismiss something asserted without evidence and which , from my personal experience , sounds * extremely * improbable . 
   based on which studies regarding that ? 
  of course you have them , is n't it ? 
  [ what can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence - hitchens ' razor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hitchens%27_razor ), 
   seventy percent of roma that left from romania in the last 10 years are integrated . 
  they have kids that go to school and they act like active citizens and taxpayers in the places where they are . 
  in which parallel universe does this happen ? 
  sincerely , i 'd really like to see some studies regarding this , because i do n't believe one bit of it . 
  if you would be doing the news , i 'd actually read them instead of getting my information from this sub . 
  keep talking in dutch . 
  force them . 
   except that 's only agreeing about what a problem not integrating is . 
  yes , but it could serve as an ad hominem to make a british representative 's point invalid and to draw attention from the real problem ( integration of minorities ) : * how can you pretend that minorities in britain integrate when british expats themselves do n't ? 
   nobody in this thread is saying anything remotely like that . 
  i 'm not talking about the people here , most of us here are level-headed who understand and respect one another . 
  but trust me , you will find people with a mentality pretty similar to what i 've said . 
  of course , they wo n't put it the way i did , i exaggerated a bit for the dramatic effect , nevertheless , they will try to shove this stuff down your throat and resort to name calling when they inevitably fail . 
  that 's why it 's even more disturbing . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're aware with the romanian voting mentality . 
  simply put , a bucket and a bag of rice will buy the vote of 25 % of the population . 
  when they are asked why they do n't simply take the presents and vote for whomever they desire , some ( mostly old people ) answer with : god is there and sees me if i lie . 
  of course , he apparently turns a blind eye to bribery , but eternal fire awaits you if you 're being dishonest to the dishonest ... 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again : sadly , we kind of deserve our fate . 
  i did upvote you although i disagree with you . 
  i think this could be a politically motivated move : keep in mind that in england the problem of immigration is one that is debated over and over again . 
  british expats in spain/other countries who refuse to learn the language could easily be used as a weapon by other high-ranking european politicians : * look at you hypocrites bitching about romanians/bulgarians/muslims , when most of your expats in spain speak no spanish whatsoever * . 
  one would lose credibility really fast . 
  so , the ambassador issued this `` common courtesy '' statement , effectively saving the government 's face : any critique on the lines of the above stated would be met with : * but we told them to learn the language , there 's nothing more we can do * . 
  that does n't mean i do n't completely agree with the guy , it just means that it * could * be a politically motivated statement . 
  if you can understand people when they speak slowly , you 're already ahead . 
  trust me , natives are extremely hard to understand in comparison to teachers or people who have studied the language . 
  if you can understand people after 3-4 months ( yeah , even with the slower speaking ) , expect to be understanding them completely in a few years . 
  my guess is that in 7-8 you 'll be fluent . 
  tip # 1 : do n't practice with strangers . 
  it is n't practical . 
  do n't you have any dutch friends ? 
  explain to them the situation , i doubt they will fail to understand . 
  you talk to them in dutch , they answer in english or dutch .
