no you do n't . 
  it loosely translates to english as sex - beer - something [ hongerige wolf aka hungry wolf ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/hongerige_wolf ) . 
  because it 's awesome . 
  did you try formatting the postcode without a space ( 6142aa ) ? 
  why waste your perfect 7 day annual leave on turkey when you can head down to england , germany or russia for the summer . 
  stupid title , this has nothing to do with the dutch people 's party for freedom and democracy, 
  look at us being cheap and all . 
  those raisin chocolate bars are the best, 
  white ankle socks are acceptable depending on your attire . 
  and do n't wear sandals by the way . 
  socks and sandals are your biggest enemy abroad . 
  wear ankle socks or flip flops . 
  never settle for white socks . 
  i will be cheering for portugal , give me another 1-5, 
  yep that 's them, 
  well i do n't have any definite source but you can see a car driving through a red light district when they sing `` this is what i want to do , lets have some fun '' for example . 
  we are pretty big on the idea of having a unified european army . 
  we see a unified dutch/german unit that can be globally deployed as a first step . 
  and we also want to save money . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llyiq4i-mcq&amp;feature=kp ) i remember going apeshit at daycare whenever they played this song , we all danced and sing along . 
  it 's a song about the joy of prostitution, 
  i like my king and queen . 
  i find it disturbing that people want companies to have such kind of responsibilities . 
  i only trust the juridical system to deal with these kind of situations . 
  we really ca n't get rid of limburg can we, 
  if i have to believe reddit the anglosphere is going full retard these days . 
  ajax , because it 's the club from my hometown . 
  what propaganda department ? 
  wtf is that tsipras guy doing ? 
  i wish i was italian, 
  i do n't know, 
  might as well call it of the french and the british . 
  it 's nice seeing the contrast between old and new, 
  your reply is the perfect example for why we even have these bandwagoners in the first place . 
  i always assumed most of the people actually hated it ( that 's the impression i always got in holland at least ) . 
  what kind of bed 's are we talking about ? 
  single size ? 
  i 've never heard of a dutch guy ( 16 + years old ) sharing a single size bed with his sister, 
  belgium below namibia , who would 've thought, 
  i do n't think the average dutchmen has much of a view on the ukrainian people . 
  my knowledge does n't go further then ukrainian women and shaktar donetsk . 
  well if you need more then a year to get out of your bubble and master some basic prietpraat i can understand you getting fired . 
  1 day we will win the world cup you fatties . 
  we know you are greek . 
  i 'm going to plug my own city then , amsterdam . 
  we probably do n't win the numbers game but we believe ( and have believed ) greatly in the ideal of tolerance and exchange of cultures . 
  pretty easy to say to a young intelligent and/or highly educated person . 
  most people are n't though . 
  yeah , they do n't work and mess up your hair, 
  no you stop, 
  fuck this bot, 
  you mean california and sweden , not america and europe . 
  and an exchange year is a pretty bad benchmark . 
  try living there for a couple of years . 
  shit is expensive yo, 
  haha never , our money !, 
  it 's either arranged at least an hour before cooking or discussed during the planning of the visit ( we are not big fans of unannounced visits either ) . 
  yes , we will `` invite '' you after 1700 if you never bothered to leave . 
  do not say yes and leave immediately, 
  you can not stay for dinner . 
  you will leave . 
  fair enough , i will visit your beautiful country, 
  that 's exactly why they do n't offer flights to jamaica . 
  pretty sure only a bunch of pale swedes are offended, 
  i think you are largely correct and do n't deserve these downvotes . 
  i do n't even think the example in the title is a real misconception but more a confusion of definition ( and it is confusing , especially for an `` outsider '' ) . 
  no tail no proof amigo, 
  how do you like them apples belgium ? 
  are you supposed to contact a parlamentarian like this ? 
  always thought it was a american only thing . 
  whatsapp for holland, 
  that 's some good old voc-mentaliteit, 
  free movement . 
  i take all the other benefits probably for granted, 
  there is some sketchy stuff going on over here, 
  china . 
  we like to think we are relevant , an example for the rest and that people listen to us . 
  with china we will form greater holland . 
  we will tell the rest of europe what they need to do and how they need to do it while overruling everything german and french . 
  tonight i wil raise a toast to him with my doner kebab ( double sambal + cheese ) . 
  the schleck brothers and the obligatory gas stops . 
  and the next chapter for this story : 2 intruders entered the home of a dutch diplomat in moskow , abused him and trashed his furniture . 
  he received minor injuries . 
  italy . 
  if i ever have to accept life as it is , i will settle down in italy . 
  how do you pronounce m\u00e6rsk ? 
  i remember having a few toy trucks with m\u00e6rsk decals and fighting over how to pronounce it . 
  tuiton is around ~ 1800 . 
  and yeah , all costs considered i 'm probably much cheaper off living here in the middle of amsterdam . 
  i never heard of this . 
  do students also receive a scholarship for living costs ? 
  sounds like quite an adventure to do my master in norway . 
  what about belgium ? 
  yeah , the regret and shame kicked in after making my post . 
  bunch of prudes , this is not how you protest naked, 
  in the netherlands we have a big discussion about the pension funds of the babyboomers and the `` young '' people ( 30 + ) . 
  henk krol was the top candidate of the 50 plus party , a political pensioners ' party . 
  i find it rather ironic that he is involved in this mess . 
  loved your story , this is how i will picture finland from now on . 
  do n't see much differences between google music and spotify other then uploading your own songs .
