  they could have listed the numbers per capita and it would have shown the information way better . 
  being better than something does not make you good in the same way that having a better mark than a zero does not imply that you have passed the exam . 
  you should re read my comment , because i never said they were worse than lybia . 
  one of the clearest examples i have seen in a long time of a purposely misleading chart . 
  most people wo n't be able to warp their heads around a logarithmic scale . 
  even in the first years of science careers , students have problems ( for example , with bode 's diagrams ) . 
  finland is assigned 2 000 refugees , whereas germany is assigned 25 000 , but the finland 's bar is more than half of that of germany !, 
  spain looks close to germany but the actual number is actually a half of germany 's !, 
  people wo n't realize the trick in the chart and we will see it posted over and over by people misinterpreting the numbers . 
  great for you . 
  i do n't see what is your point in this conversation about what a union or an international agreement implies , tho . 
  so , what ? 
  you agreed upon that , and now you carry the downsides , as you carried before the benefits . 
  if people do n't understand that a trade-off requires a negotiation in which you give away some things to gain others , then people should not vote . 
  never said the opposite , but people agreed to do it . 
  people should read the agreements and think a bit . 
  well , some . 
  i was n't old enough to vote back then . 
  can i take some ? 
  this is amazing to watch . 
  it is like xxi century gladiators . 
  it was a possibility . 
  people should think a bit more before voting , then . 
  by being in the euro , you give up a lot of sovereignty too , for example . 
  basically any international agreement is a trade-off of sovereignties to a certain degree . 
  no , it is about poverty , lack of education , society , laws , etc as i said , in spain people had that mentality too . 
  the difference between back then and now is that people , specially women , have careers they do n't want to abandon just because they have a baby . 
  another problem with spain , which is not the same with other countries , is the lack of reconciliation between work and family . 
  education itself is also important . 
  the mindset of using condoms or pills , for example . 
  knowing that those methods exist or that they are effective is not as widespread as we would like to think . 
  many people , even in developed countries , still think that `` pulling out '' is at least as effective as using a condom . 
  the problem is not condoms or pills . 
  the problem is that having a baby means poverty , barely bankruptcy or very lacking lives for most of us . 
  no , no , no . 
  it has to do with islam . 
  that is why people of the generation of my grandparents had 6-7 children , people of the generation of my father had 3-2 and in my generation we usually have 1 , if even . 
  spain in the last decades have been an example of islamic state and so . 
  i start to see your point . 
  i vote to nuke eastern europe countries so we can end the internal divisions of the eu . 
  why spend money in soldiers or tanks , or why waste time in negotiations ? 
  `` insanity is repeating the same mistakes and expecting different results . '', 
  if the way of force did n't work before , i am sure this time it will !, 
  well , the problem has n't been the gulf states alone . 
  iran in the seventies was probably as advanced in secularism or modernity as spain by the time . 
  however , just like in spain , people had enough of the dictator . 
  the outcome was different because of the different situations . 
  in the case of iran , the dictator was placed by the us and the uk in the operation ajax , by the way , to keep control over the petrol field and as opposition to the ussr . 
  i always recall the episode of the simpson in which they try to fight a pest with another . 
  [ osama bin laden was a warrior for the freedom when he was killing soviets in ** 1993 ** . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c2qgih.jpg ) in another episode of `` we do n't really understand the situation but we are going to do something '' , the delicate balance of power in the region was destroyed when the `` coalition '' entered like an elephant in a store . 
  it basically gave total freedom to the gulf states to fund their radical interpretation of islam . 
  when you destabilize regions , the money of some powerful countries can buy a lot of influence and the radicalism will always emerge as a consequence of the violence . 
  as we say in spain `` entre todos la mataron y ella sola se muri\u00f3 '' ( they all killed her but she died by herself ... it does n't make much sense in english ) . 
  i think we all have played a roll in the current situation , not only the gulf states , and the sooner we realize it with all the consequences , the easier to find a solution . 
  it is hard to digest without question that iran went from having music clubs and unveiled women in the universities wearing shoulder pads and a tons of hairspray to chanting `` death to america '' for no reason . 
  and in this case , it was n't the gulf states . 
  p.s : i removed two pictures because i took them from blogspot and they are forbidden in the subreddit . 
  in spain , which is also a monarchy , you can learn the `` values of the republic '' , which in france are `` libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 '' . 
  and so in sweden or the uk . 
  morocco is not the most advanced country , and their monarchy is quite totalitarian yet , but i think it is clear that the emphasis is in the and not in the republic part . 
  just like in africa , where european powers basically divided the continent with a triangle set . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't say that . 
  i am actually using the example given to explain why i do think that religion is just a catalyst for the violence , not the origin . 
  so , basically , they would be pissed off because we do not let them to take other people 's rights because without them they are doomed ? 
  that is not a very solid argument for them . 
  that is why they will never discuss it . 
  the only answer they have is `` that is nonsense ! '' . 
  i have commented just about it in another topic https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lse9i/percentage_of_catalan_people_who_voted_one_of_the/cv8vnna i think that catalan people are spaniards too , so they have to right to remain in spain , even if their neighbors want to leave . 
  if big parts of catalonia , such as the barcelona 's and tarragona 's shores want to remain in spain , they should be able to decide by themselves . 
   catalunya here representing , we got our drama this sunday , spain as a whole and not only catalonia has drama . 
  it is impossible to watch any channel without hearing about that issue every 5 damn minutes . 
  actually , it can . 
  the earth is orbiting around the sun at a pretty nice speed . 
  you are probably right , however , it was the uk who said they would block the entry of scotland in the eu . 
  since the uk would be out , it could be pretty straightforward . 
  so , independentism is mainly supported by people in small towns . 
  the only somewhat orange , big city is girona . 
  edit : [ just for people who do n't know about catalonia to have a context of my comment ] ( http://popdensitymap.ucoz.ru/5.population_density-administrative_boundaries-map.png ) . 
  the density map is almost the negative of the map you sent . 
  what ?? 
  in poor countries in africa , christians do some horrible things too ?? 
  it sounds almost like it has to do with many factors not just religion , such as lack of education and poverty . 
  i knew there was going to be a comment like yours . 
  freedom of speech means that we are not going to see police officer taking the man to jail for what he said . 
  it does n't mean that other people have to heard your stupid crap or even stay quiet . 
  p.s : hateful speech is not protected by freedom of speech in most european countries . 
  not saying this is the case , but freedom of speech is not a white check . 
  do n't know about scotland but in spain i have seen a lot of people using megaphones in cities like madrid or barcelona if it is some kind of protest . 
  / r/europe absolutely hating hate preachers , because they are stealing our speeches !, 
  i guess that the answer is : who else ? 
  because they are . 
  they literally use terror as a political weapon ( like beatings in immigrant neighborhoods ) . 
  that is not true . 
  the people who make those polls are tired to explain the large amount of reasons why the polls may fail : lack of anonymity , skewed representation in certain wards , people of certain ideologies are more or less likely to collaborate with certain media , etc. 
  have you ever seen their i-cannot-draw-the-swatstika-because-is-forbidden-but-here-is-a-remodel kind of flag ? 
  the leader even said `` we make the hitler salute , but at least our hands are clean '' , because , mind you , they actually make the hitler salute . 
  and they beat people in the streets . 
  or in the tv shows .
