  this is all a milchm\u00e4dchenrechnung , of course . 
  poland is a part of the chinese plans because poland is in the eu . 
  if poland threatened with using the chinese imports as a economical tool against germany or france , poland would disappear from the chinese plans faster than you can say kurwa . 
  but let 's put some numbers since you mentioned it . 
  since you mentioned the trade of germany , china and poland , let 's take a look at them : exports of poland : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/pol/show/all/2015/ germany is 25 % of the exports of poland . 
  by far , the biggest single contributor . 
  even spain is a bigger market for poland than eastern europe . 
  just sum up the rest of the eu . 
  china is a 1.2 % . 
  exports of germany : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/deu/show/all/2015/ poland is 8th , with a 3.8 % . 
  polish exports depend 25 % on germany alone . 
  calling this relation symmetrical is a bit of an stretch , i think you will agree . 
  exports of china : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/chn/show/all/2015/ germany and france , the two countries you are threatening to block form china are more than 6 times bigger for chinese exports than poland . 
  i wo n't do the calculation for the entire eu , but it is at least 15 more . 
  believing that china will choose poland over the eu , in the case of that trade war that you mentioned , would not be very logical , in my opinion . 
  ------------------------------------ the problem with the milchm\u00e4dchenrechnungen is that everything goes whenever you use vague terms and arguments that , on the surface , may seem like valid . 
  but once you start to crunch just a few numbers it is very easy to see that all of this fall apart faster than a house of cards . 
  is it more beneficial for all parties that poland remains in the eu ? 
  in my opinion , indeed . 
  would poland have the upper hand in a hypothetical polexit ? 
  only a delusional would think so . 
  which is probably related with my second line . 
  who knows !, 
  maybe i am just being lucky . 
  i do it all day and nobody has ever called me a racist for doing it . 
  maybe what you do is being a racist and shielding yourself behind a poor excuse . 
  good riddance , if they decide so . 
  i said it for the uk and i said it for poland . 
  there are issues which are more important than keeping a country in the union . 
  we have to adapt and make everyone as happy as possible , but not more , because then the eu loses its reason to be , in my opinion . 
  on the logistics side , i will add that as much as poland is a growing country , the uk is the fifth largest economy in the world and a way bigger piece in the pie of exports of most eu countries and yet , the negotiations are not going to to be easy . 
  i honestly do n't see any scenario in which poland ends up even close to the current status , even more taking into account they would be completely surrounded by the eu , including their bigger trade partners . 
  i think that being proud and empathising with the pride of someone else are two very different things and that not being able to separate the two is , in my opinion , a lack of emotional intelligence , which is , on the other hand , a forgotten topic in our educational systems . 
  there are many small things for which you can feel proud when a team wins , for example , being among the first people who recognised their talent : you can be proud of your good eye judging skills . 
  but the pride for the win itself is simply a publicity campaign to get you more invested in order to boost the brand . 
  i understand the idea behind it . 
  i simply think it is irrational . 
  one can feel something at some point and still have the ability to think and redirect it afterwards . 
  i might have felt it , but after a few minutes i am able to think straight again . 
  for me it is propaganda . 
  there are pieces that are designed to make you angry and mad at something , and for a moment , they usually achieve that . 
  but after a minute , you can revisit your feelings and understand that you have been manipulated . 
  why would n't i ? 
  i felt emotional , happy , etc , but not proud . 
  i think that if you feel proud for the sport accomplishment of a co-national you are simply using the success of others to fill up your own lack of accomplishments . 
  gay pride is about being proud of not being afraid to speak out and present yourself as such . 
  why not ? 
  as long as every cypher is in the same currency , it is irrelevant the data was probably in dollars . 
  wow . 
  that is not suspicious at all !, 
  as for examples , in favour and against , there is no clear cut , because it is just a part of a very complex machine and the effects with other parts are non linear . 
  just from the picture , there is no clear trend : some of the countries with higher competitive market are also the ones with the higher minimum salary . 
  as for arguments in favor and against , there are more intelligent people presenting them with more sources and studies . 
  you would be better off reading them than me . 
  it is not semantics . 
  there is a very important distinction between something that '' actually makes something '' and something that `` may or may not make somthing '' . 
  the difference between a 90/100 % and a 50 % is not simply semantics . 
   there is not enough demand in spain , we need to build it . 
  so we need a higher minimum wage ? 
  people on the lower brackets of the economy are the ones who directly spend all what they earn . 
  if your ideas is to build demand , a higher minimum salary is actually the way to go . 
  to have a business going , you need people buying . 
  that is basically how the us avoided this crisis . 
  in places in which the demand is already very high is were the minimum salary is redundant or counter productive . 
  so , it does not . 
  it can make a country more competitive if , for the economy of that country , it can make it more competitive . 
  a bit of a tautology . 
  minimum wage affects many aspects of an economy , and thus simply saying  lower minimum wage makes it actually more competitive . 
  is wrong in my opinion . 
   lower minimum wage can make it actually more competitive . 
  is the only general statement that can be done . 
  what a typical reddit answer : -- you claimed that this is esc\u00e1ndalo p\u00fablico . 
  -- i show you that esc\u00e1ndalo p\u00fablico was removed in 1988 from the spanish law code . 
  just that . 
  a simple legal fact . 
  -- you , of course , can not refute a fact and , instead of argument with other legal facts to make a case , you simply try to derail the whole conversation . 
  i stop this nonsense here . 
  have a nice day . 
  why do rich countries like germany or the netherlands have such a high minimum wage and are still more competitive than spain ? 
  do you think spain is more competitive than germany ? 
  yes , actually you can . 
  if you are predating on the children or you are displaying a sexual behaviour , then that is rightfully illegal . 
  it has nothing to do with esc\u00e1ndalo p\u00fablico , which is the issue that you brought , so if you could expand the argument more , maybe we all could understand what do you mean . 
  esc\u00e1ndalo p\u00fablico was removed from the spanish law code in 1988 . https://elpais.com/diario/1988/03/25/espana/575247616_850215.html precisely one of the pp congress group said that `` whoever gets offended by seeing a naked breast , should check it with a doctor '' . 
  any kind of nuisance in reddit is futile . 
  people will read whatever they want to read . 
  easy . 
  being naked is something i do to myself within my rights to choose my own clothes . 
  stoning a woman is something you do against other person against their right to live . 
  in any case , people like you are the ones who want to punish others for not following you moral codes . 
  they think it is immoral for a woman to not wear a niqab . 
  you think it is immoral for them to show `` too much skin '' . 
  could you all mind your own business ? 
  thank you . 
  yeah , why does n't everyone think like me ? 
  i demand you change your opinion so we all have the same . 
   \u00bf is it allowed in spain to go topless to do your business en los correos ? 
  different public institutions may have different dressing codes . 
  in the correos in my hometown , for example , it is not uncommon at all to see locals with swimsuits as well as in the city hall , for example . 
  in other places , like mercadona , it is not allowed .
