  why do n't you simply say that you want a new right wing party ? 
  people have some kind of fetish with `` the center '' . 
  and , besides that , what does it mean that the cdu has shifted `` a lot '' to the center ? 
  in any case , the whole german spectrum shifted a lot to the right ( agenda 2010 by the spd , for example ) . 
  just like the rest of the western world . 
  things that die linke ( one of the heirs of the communist party ) are proposing and are deemed as `` radicals '' would have been center/center-left for the standards 30-40 years ago . 
  i am sorry , but the voice of clint eastwood in spanish , constantino romero ( rip ) , will always be better than the original one . 
  he also was the voice of darth vader . 
  and mufasa . 
  and he sold mattresses . 
  you are on a mighty thin ice now , i can tell you . 
  maybe here in reddit , an english oriented media , you will find some support for such words . 
  but in the streets you will get beaten for criticizing the dubbing of some kids shows . 
  those are a part of the collective memory . 
   also the `` i 'll speak german and you 'll speak english '' compromise is always great . 
  this has been the deal for plenty of my coworkers who understand perfectly german but are simply not as fluent as they are in english . 
  after reading plenty of / r/de , i can tell you that it is not the case . 
  i have seen a lot of things there that my teacher would behemently correct to me during lectures . 
  maybe those are the swiss and the austrians , though ... 
  well , he is skipping the dinner with the press , where it is tradition to mock the president . 
  i wonder why . 
  you can join them , then !, 
  the floats are self made , so if you feel like doing one , i bet they will let you in . 
  you kinda were looking for it . 
  i like the fallas , but going around to unrelated topics to diminish other traditions is calling for attention . 
  a liberal parade . 
  in germany . 
  wow . 
  that 's debatable ? 
  one can debate that a carnival parody is as dangerous as a real politician with real power ? 
  i ca n't wait to read your arguments !, 
  if turkey attack greece , i would expect the eu to act accordingly . 
  what would the trump 's us do , then ? 
  i am not saying that it is going to happen , just that , if it happened , we deserve whatever happens to us . 
  for the n-th time , this is not the us . 
  this is the biggest circle jerk in reddit at the moment , seriously . 
  to begin with , the polls were actually pretty accurate . 
  hillary clinton had 3 million more votes than trump . 
  however , the us system is very chaotic , in the sense that a small change in the pattern , even for the same number of votes , can change the results drastically , due to the way in which electors are selected . 
  that is the opposite in the french system , goddammit . 
  they have two chances to not `` fuck it up '' . 
  if le pen wins , it will have nothing to with the way trump won , because she will need more votes no matter what . 
  trump would have lost `` bigly '' with the french system . 
  i hope it is clearer now . 
  i wish i could believe you , but i do n't think it has been stopped . 
  i also do n't think that le pen is going to win , but we will have to wait to see it . 
  i am pretty nervous , to be honest . 
  if wwiii starts over a fucking inhabitable bunch of rocks in the middle of the mediterranean sea , we fucking deserve extinction . 
  but it would be a nato member giving information to other nato member to inflict more damage to a third nato member . 
  that would be the end of nato , no question about it . 
  i mean , i do not deny that upn is terrible . 
  i actually do n't know that much about it . 
  but i just could n't come up with something good going for the pp , that is the reason for my question . 
  i guess that the silver lining is that most of the parties are pretty terrible , each in its own unique way . 
   luckily the navarrese acted accordingly and they are out of the navarrese government and the city hall of pamplona . 
  the elections in 2015 were quite unprecedented , to put it lightly . 
  sorry , was n't the austria-hungary one of the contenders in wwi ? 
   they have all of the worst aspects of pp ( staunch nationalism , corruption ) with ** none of the good ** . 
  like ... ? 
  honest question . 
  that is true , but they received a huge hit instead of receiving a boost . 
  in the second election , people changed the vote to avoid a third one , but in the first election , they two main parties summed up a historical lowest . 
  i honestly did n't think that was possible . 
  too many fascists . 
  we have tasted that shit , so i think we are going to pass this time . 
   well , corruption-wise i do n't believe that ciu is very different from the two main parties of spain . 
  i think that is the problem . 
  i do not consider the two main parties of spain too respectable either . 
  pp is the worst , but psoe is only less bad , which does n't mean they are good . 
  they look out of a legend of zelda game . 
  probably wind waker . 
  so , again , what miyazaki movie are they from ? 
  in this case , as the other redditor is pointing out , it was the result of an inquiry by die linke asking specifically for far right wing attacks . 
  they do n't learn that kind of things , like they do n't learn what was the [ counter armada ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_armada ) or why after such a massive loss of the spanish armada , it still took almost a hundred years for the england to dominate the see . 
  people like [ maria pita ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/41/a_coru%c3%b1a._mar%c3%ada_pita%e2%80%99s_statue._galicia_%28spain%29.jpg ) will never make into films , but surely were badasses . 
  edit : two typos . 
  it is not common know , but before , it was the tradition to put the names of your parents , and your grandfathers as your second/third/etc names . 
  therefore : $ your_name $ father_name $ mother_name $ father_father_name [ ... ] $ father_family_name $ mother_family_name . 
  i always thought they were italians , i do n't know why . 
  i would say that other examples of fascism are equally abhorrent from a human right 's perspective . 
  just look at franco or mussolini . 
  you can count on reddit to always blame everything on the communists/socialist , even the clear tendency towards violence of the nazis in their early period . 
  i know that nazis breaking and vandalizing jewish business were bad , but people opposing them were equally as bad !, 
  one of the things that really hit me in my first weeks in munich was standing exactly in the same location where sophie scholl was arrested , while she was heading towards a lecture in the lmu . 
  nowadays there is a picture of the newspapers and notes she was carrying at that moment , where they were dropped . 
  now the place is called geschwister-scholl-platz ( square of the siblings scholl ) . 
  it is literally in the article . 
  except the list of the last , which is also populated by europeans . 
  just another sign that grow is not as important as three circumstances causing it and why austerity is so poorly regarded despite the `` positive gdp '' increment . 
  it seems that most of central europe never learnt the proper technique to eat seed , therefore they had to resort to easier foods : <, 
  and bananas are berries . 
  but strawberries are n't . 
  must be the norwegian speaking region . 
  for people who do n't know , that city does not really exist . 
  even merkel says so . 
   i am failing to see where you have demonstrated that i accept moral imposition ? 
  i did n't say that you accepted it . 
  i say that you were wrong saying that we do n't do it , because we do , i put two examples . 
  then you went tangential . 
  just because you think prohibiting topless is wrong , it does n't mean that it is not done , which is the main point of my initial comment .
