  the power of taste . 
  munich water is completely safe , yet the taste of calcium if very annoying . 
  if you drink a lot like me , it can cause a nausea . 
  we have to decalcify the water boiler at work every week . 
  i guess that if you are used to it , when you go abroad for a shorter period of time , it is a custom that you may maintain . 
  in germany there are also plenty of flower fields without fence or guardian , where you will also find a balance , a box and a sign with different prices . 
  basically , you go there , pick the flowers that you want , weight them and put the money in the box . 
  there are plenty . 
  i have seen some men wearing different kinds in the streets and they looked very nice . 
  i have been looking for one for myself , but damn if they are not expensive ... 
  godamnit , spain , put a damn antenna like everybody else and enter the top 3 . 
   extremely thick skin i guess that donald trump is the exception to this rule . 
  they have been legal in the entire country since more than a decade , if i am not wrong . 
  the basque country was the first region to allow th creation of clubs . 
  what was done in catalonia is to allow these clubs to be larger and to allow them to move and distribute the cannabis , because now they are restricted in size and the cannabis can only be consumed inside the club 's location . 
  for the people on the top ? 
  of course : these are not their children . 
  you can do a lot of things with a rotten heart and no moral standards . 
  as far as i know , having your plants and consuming them inside your private property , away from the sight of public is as legal as drinking alcohol or smoking tobacco . 
  the only problem is that the threshold amount is not set anywhere , sonot depends on circumstances , etc. 
  it is only mentioned that the amount should be not more than for moderate personal use . 
  i do n't smoke and thus i have only check the status for the sake of curiosity , but there are plenty of legal cannabis associations all across spain , so interested people should ask them . 
  not in spain , for personal use . 
  although with the gag law of the pp , what personal use means has been very restricted . 
  it is still legal , but you have to grow your own plants ( no selling , no gifting , etc ) and the cultivation must be in your own property and it must not be visible to the public . 
  edit : you can also be a member of a cannabis association ( there is a legal process , etc ) , in which all members are allowed to grow it together and shar it among themselves . 
  but i am not sure if this is legal or based in a loophole , however it is not illegal . 
  it is only illegal to possess or carry enough they it can be considered that your intention is to provide or sell it to someone . 
  there are plenty of shops , however , that will sell you all the equipment and the seeds required . 
  they have a lot of imagery of marijuana , but they advertise as natural shops , etc. 
  at 20 my girlfriend wears a summer jacket because it is chilling . 
  in the spanish congress this happened the 23 of february of 1981 , better known as [ 23-f . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcc0_8i0cys ) probably the longest night of the , at the time , new born democracy . 
  sadly , during some workings on the roof for a water leakage , some of the bullet holes were mistakenly removed . 
  i think they are an important piece of spanish history , so i hope they put special effort taking care of the remaining . 
   if civil union gives same rights as marriage than its the best outcome . 
  it never does . 
  that is why the fight about the name is so important . 
  well , it depends . 
  there are plenty of things i like about spain and there are plenty of things i do n't like about spain . 
  and , besides that , there is the big if , as you called it . 
  immigrants and foreign born population are two different things . 
  if you get a nationality , you are no longer an immigrant , but you are still foreign born . 
  and , besides , i am talking about the legal terminology and what statistics usually mean , not what some people might or might not think about the topic . 
  you are just mixing a lot of things up , i fear . 
  oh , come on . 
  they criticize themselves extensively . 
  that is how they got somethings very right . 
  it is not like that magically appeared out of nowhere . 
  the difference is that people from the north tend to be less self-loathing ( in spain , people love to complain about almost anything but would n't change a thing to solve it ) and more about active application of the self-criticism . 
  it does n't mean that everything is perfect here , but saying that they do not criticize themselves is displaying a clear ignorance about the topic . 
  that influence can be felt in granada perfectly nowadays . 
  el barrio de las teter\u00edas ( tea shops neighbourhood ) could be called `` little morocco '' and it is one of the most popular places to go out with friends . 
  if you have a secured job and funding , spain is not a bad place to live . 
   i think that they are counted as immigrants even if they get the nationality . 
  in legal terms , an immigrant is short for `` foreign nationals with temporal or permanent residence permit '' . 
  once they are spanish , they are not immigrants anymore in the statistics . 
  then there are other type of data , such as naturalized citizens vs born citizens , bloodline , etc. 
  people might bunch all of that together and call it `` immigrants '' but that does n't make it correct . 
  the `` facebook '' law has been debated for long and agreed before the voting . 
  this result was known beforehand . 
  for the gay marriage law , they needed all the votes of the supporters to get the majority . 
  it was not agreed beforehand what the result should be . 
  voting is very predictable . 
  you will only see most of the mps whenever the result has not been decided before . 
  disclaimer : i am not defending the censorship law . 
  i am just saying that this picture is what i would have expected . 
  well , thankfully merkel is just the chancellor of germany and not its queen . 
  at least this time the blitzkrieg tactics were used for good . 
  she wanted this to be voted on the next parliament , because she was betting on the good results of the elections . 
  she did slip in the sense that spd took her words , and reading the play , decided to push it known that the majority of the bundestag supports this piece of legislation . 
  she voted no because she is very conservative . 
  nobody expects the german legislation . 
  this recalled me to the fall of the wall . 
  one day , a politician slips in a press conference , and in less than a year , the wall was taken down . 
  those were lead pipes ( now iron pipes , if am not wrong ) , but i even that does n't make the statement misleading , because the pipes do not constitute a gluing material of the structure and they do nothing to improving the structural stability . 
  i wonder how this is calculated . 
  in many countries , the differences between regions are very big , even more taking into account that some of those regions are not even in the european continent . 
  i think that a heat map ( very appropriate name this time ) to at least nuts 2 or 3 would be the best way to visualise this kind of data . 
  it is not misleading . 
  there is no gluing material and the only thing that it 's keeping the structure in place is gravity . 
  he has two accessory slots . 
  he looks a bit like a younger christopher waltz . 
   a national socialist he declared to be does n't make him a nazist per s\u00e9 . 
  yes , of course it does . 
  it literally does exactly that . 
  nationalsozialismus ist german for national socialist . 
  i would say that the * worst part * is the part in which he declares himself shamelessly a nazi . 
  maybe helping people with chronic unemployment in a different way that do not reduce salaries is a better solution , i would say . 
  for example , if you are 50 , in my opinion it is better that you can go into early retirement with a living pension than the other option , which is to use you to replace a better-paid job . 
  you said it yourself : if you are in chronic unemployment is because you do not have any employable skills . 
  the only reason why companies would contract a person like that is because they are so much cheaper that the reduction in the cost will compensate for the lack of skills . 
  op pointed that macron was looking at denmark , which gdp grew three times less than france in the last decade . 
  is it better to have 10 % unemployment and good quality jobs or 5 % unemployment with lower quality jobs for a large segment of the previously employed population ? 
  for me , other aspects of the labour market such as jobs quality , chronic unemployment , etc. , are a much more important numbers than raw % of unemployment , unless it is something extremely high , like in greece or spain . 
  france 's gdp has grown much more than denmark 's in the last decade . 
  while i am not saying that it makes french model better , i am not sure why everybody thinks that it is so much worse . 
  i do n't like using gdp either , but since everybody in the thread seems to mention it , i think i should point out the faster growth of france . 
  p.s : and , by the way , i live in germany , i have worked here , and i know too well what the 3 % unemployment means . 
  i do n't know how other countries work , so i wo n't tell anything because i do n't want to be wrong . 
  but , in my opinion , issues like minijobs or 0 hours contract are not employment , are just make-up to present the numbers to the public .
