  so you can keep the demagogy at home , thank you . 
  on the other part , scotland is not equal to the uk . 
  it is equal to england , but not the uk . 
  the uk still have some competences that scotland does n't . 
  because catalonia is not an equal to spain and , as long as they remain in spain , they will never be . 
  it is impossible to be a part of something and , at the same time , be equal to the same thing . 
  a part can not be equal to the whole , it makes no sense . 
  what does it even mean for a community of a country to be `` equal '' to the country itself ? 
  to check the idea in federalized countries . 
  is bayern equal to germany ? 
  is texas equal to the us ? 
  obviously if they want to have all the competences , the only thing i can understand as `` equal '' , then the only way is the independence . 
  i thought it was obvious . 
  therefore , for me your comment is pointless : wanting all the competences and being independent are the same thing in my book . 
  it is literally the definition of independence . 
  there is no need to `` understand catalan people 's wishes '' ( like if it were something complicate to understand ) to see it . 
  we could before , but now there is a limit of time being outside before you can not vote via mail . 
  basically , because most people outside would vote against them . 
  anyway , i wanted to mean that every person has his/her own reasons to not vote . 
  but i agree that if you do n't vote while you could have done it , you can not complain about it afterwards . 
  i like how people now say that germany and cia are being closed to dialog and only want to implement their own policy and during the greek crisis , it was the way to go . 
  some people then said that it was because germans and people from other countries would not accept any other deal . 
  well , surprise , now is the same . 
  because they are not foreigners . 
  i do n't know if you genuinely do not understand why people , in both sides of the conflict , are upset about what you are saying or you are just trolling me and i am so naive . 
  where did i say the opposite ? 
  i am just stating a fact : catalonia is not special in that aspect , as many here seem to believe or try to sell . 
  actually , any part of any country has been independent before . 
  that is why i consider that argument to be , actually , a non-argument . 
   then how did i manage not to involve emotions ? 
  because you are not a part of the conflict . 
  the issue itself is a matter of emotions ( and economy , but also emotions ) . 
  you can not strip the nature of the problem itself . 
  and when the problem is about emotions , people get emotional . 
  you are basically telling people how they should feel , and then you try to make yourself `` neutral '' . 
  no , you are taking a position , negating some people 's ( most people ? ), 
  feelings . 
  most spanish , including catalans , feel that someone from other region of spain going to catalonia and feeling catalan is catalan and vice versa , and you are negating their feeling about it . 
  throwing the stone and hidding the hand is coward . 
  how could n't we see it before ?!, 
  thank you , random of the internet , for solving a very complex problem with a tautological answer . 
  american short form * . 
  despite uk has adopted it recently as the official way , many old folks in the uk still use billion as 10 ^ 12, 
  in other countries , such as mine , you can not vote if you have already left ( it is very hard for me to vote this year , since i can not ask for the brief voting and i live 3000 away from where i should physically vote ) . 
  it is not always that easy . 
  who was pulled away precisely for events like that . 
  no , i do n't see the difference . 
  you try to bring the demagogy to a debate and someone posts another demagogic article . 
  if you are implying that spain is oppressing catalonia because one minister who was there less than three years said something bad , even if he said something bad about almost any other community , then i do n't see your point . 
  in this wonderful country , you can not vote specific politicians , thus sometimes we have people like wert or gallard\u00f3n , who are very unpopular and have to leave . 
  it does not represent the whole country , not even the major part of the country . 
  the number of catalan politicians accusing andalusia to be `` stealing '' money through the per is ludicrous . 
  and some of them have had important positions in the parlament . 
  would you consider them as representative of anything ? 
  oh , yes , the typical case of `` my idiot does not represent my movement . 
  your idiot is the embodiment of your movement '' . 
  like if wert was popular anywhere . 
  hint : he was n't , that is why he was forced away . 
  if you did n't wanted emotions involved , you should have picked another topic . 
  it is not hard to read . 
  it is people not sharing your point . 
  any andalusian immigrants is catalan if s/he feels catalan , and the other way around . 
  it is not that hard to understand . 
  i actually can , because i know the location of most of us states . 
  however , my point was just a joke about how insignificant spain is in the world and how many people would n't be able to point at it , using the typical uncle sam stereotype . 
  which is a problem with all students , not specifically a problem with spanish students against catalan symbols , as the comment implies . 
  a bunch of students broke my side mirror for no reason but because they though it was funny . 
  `` madrid ens roba '' ( madrid is stealing us ) has been one of the motto of many independentist since the very beginning . 
  the argument of the `` economical exploitation of catalonia by spain '' is one of the most repeated arguments by independentist politicians . 
  the economical crisis has actually increased many folds the number of supporter , precisely because the economical aspect is so important in the discussion . 
  actually , most of the proposals refused by the spanish government has been economical proposals . 
  even in this thread , a lot of supporters of the independence movement use that argument !, 
  saying that the economical aspect is anecdotal is pure manipulation . 
  because it is a bar\u00e7a t-shirt , not because it is a symbol of catalonia ( which is not for many people ) . 
  probably most of them are fans of real madrid . 
  i do n't like football and i do believe there are hooligans all around . 
  in sevilla there are two big football teams and you can get stabbed for wearing the `` wrong '' ( the sevilla 's or betis ' one ) shirt in certain suburbs , so , yeah . 
  p.s : additionally , we all have had that `` friend '' who went to catalonia and found that the mossos d'escuadra did n't want to help him/her because s/he spoke in spanish . 
  and that other `` cousin '' that went to madrid and was yelled in the street for speaking catalan !, 
  in summary , we all had those perfectly suitable ( usually non-existent ) incident for the argument we want to use . 
  the reality , however , the numbers and the statistics , show otherwise . 
  i , for one , was a fan of bar\u00e7a when i was a kid and i still liked football , and i lived in the south of spain . 
  i weared my t-shirt as so did a lot of my friends . 
  there are a lot of people in other cities who are fans of bar\u00e7a or rm , because those are such a big teams and i have never , ever , heard any problem besides football rivalry . 
  edit : the madrid reference is because of this :  from madrid to my town all year round saying that they are the reason why s/he does n't want to put the estelada in his/her balcony or whatever . 
  so you are giving me the reason . 
  if the constitutional tribunal is able to say that , it is because the law says what i said . 
  another topic would be how many of the spanish governments have been rather oppressive , and i think it has been the case . 
  anyway , spain is not a federal country . 
  the autonomous communities are not exactly the same that a federal state . 
  but even in the federal countries , there are rules , the federal laws , which are above the states ones . 
  that is why the south of spain host some of the most important air and naval bases of the otan for the mediterranean sea and north africa . 
  i do n't think uncle sam is able to place spain or catalonia in a map . 
  or do it without pointing somewhere below mexico . 
  spain should have let catalonia vote before the crisis , and the vote would have been no by a large margin . 
  because of the delay and the lack of touch from successive spanish government , the situation has only gotten worse and worse . 
  i agree . 
  i , for one , think that catalonia should have a referendum . 
  that being said , i do think that the independence would be bad for both spain and catalonia . 
  from the people i know , it is the most common position `` yes referendum , no independence '' among spaniards in my surroundings .
