  they clearly show a sign . 
  if it were illegal to go around topless , they would n't need a sign . 
   the little detail . 
  the little detail ? 
  it is not like i have tried to hide anything . 
  in my first comment i already said `` most of spain '' not , `` all of spain '' . 
  the problem is that trying to have any nuance in reddit is futile . 
  you yourself have mentioned three places . 
  that is hardly anything more than `` some cities '' , as i pointed myself . 
   not to mention it never/seldom happens where it 's not forbidden . 
  from my experience it 's the foreigners who roam the streets topless , not the spaniards . 
  that is irrelevant . 
  my whole point is that being naked is nothing morally wrong and should not be illegal anywhere in a public space . 
  i do n't care if a lot of people of almost nobody would do it . 
  something is right or wrong with independence on how many people do it or who those people are . 
  first of all , elconfidencial is on the level of thesun . 
  the ruling is not that it is forbiden , but that the supreme recognize the power of the minucipalities to rule about it . 
  it allows them to create local laws , it does n't make it illegal by default , as your article implies . 
  even in your article there are a number of cities in which it is illegal . 
  in the rest , by default it is n't . 
  otherwise , those cities would n't need legislation . 
  http://www.poderjudicial.es/cgpj/es/poder-judicial/noticias-judiciales/el-supremo-avala-la-ordenanza-que-prohibe-el-nudismo-en-las-playas-urbanas-de-cadiz second , this is a historical ruling . 
  the same court rejected 3 times before that the local powers can legislate about it . 
  barcelona had to remove three times their local laws about it . 
  and this ruling is going to be taken to the european court of human rights , thus it is not yet definitive . 
  i am sorry . 
  i forgot that mercadona is a public space ( hint : it is n't ) . 
  you can stay in the streets in front of mercadona topless or naked as much as you want , except in some cities . 
  it depends on the country . 
  in most of spain , for example , it is perfectly legal to go naked in every public space . 
  additionally , that is why i said that it should be , not that it is . 
  i know that in many places is illegal . 
  my point is that it should n't . 
  the `` purists '' ( aka racists ) are like this . 
  it does n't matter if you are the most german of all , you will never be one in their eyes . 
  and if you have any idea they do n't like , that is because you are an immigrant . 
  it did n't matter if tens of thousands of `` pure '' germans might share it . 
  if you are the grandson of an immigrant , you are not entitled to any opinion . 
  then you are the one who has problems . 
  to be honest , i do n't see anything wrong . 
  even going full naked should be acceptable . 
  there is nothing wrong with being naked . 
  for me , uncivilised tourists are those who litter everywhere , yell at 3 am , vandalize public spaces , etc. 
  so . . you do n't consider english civilised either . 
  it was extremely famous when my parents were younger . 
  on the range of fanta nowadays . 
  in spain , it is team kas or team fanta . 
  and then , kas orange or mas lemon . 
  kas is also a spanish drink that a lot of people take . 
  as for mirinda , nobody takes it now . 
  however , everyone in the generation of my parents knows it . 
  the us is bigger market than the eu ? 
  for canada and mexico sure . 
  for the uk is not even close . 
  just germany and the netherlands alone account for a larger % of exports and imports than the us . 
  in 2015 , europe ( including switzerland , norway , etc ) was the destination of 54 % of the exports . 
  asia 25 % . 
  north america , 15 % . 
  the chicken is not only cheaper because of the chemical washing , but also because of legislation for animal welfare . 
  it is basically an unfair competition . 
  the uk should not allow any product that violated their legislation during production . 
  the spanish police account is the most followed law enforcement account in the world , if i am not wrong . 
  i liked carlos , but he left :( the new ones are pretty good too . 
  he is a police officer , not the hulk with a cosplay . 
  it is much higher easier to descalate a situation without pointing your weapons , if possible , of course . 
  50 assassinations . 
  thousands of cases that do not en up that way . 
  we are all sweden now . 
  you mean puerto rico ... 
  i asked around , and it seems that before it was much cheaper to get towels and knifes in portugal . 
  so , yes , it would be like you crossing the border to buy gas . 
  nowadays , however , it does n't pay off . 
  i know that some people who live near the border still go to some markets , and thus they buy that type of portuguese products , but i guess that now is more a coincidental thing , instead of on purpose like before . 
  i get that it is more like a meme . 
  specially for portuguese redditors in this sub . 
  i just hear it here , so to say . 
  no joke . 
  in my way from airport to hotel i received two flyers for very suggestive `` company women '' . 
  at the time i was 16 and we were on a family trip . 
  it was a really shocking experience . 
  i do n't know what oliven\u00e7a is . 
  but coincidentally there is a small town in the border that is called very similarly !, 
  maybe they are both related somehow . 
  jokes aside , i find it interesting that i have only heard of that town from portuguese people . 
  i bet that a random spaniard would n't know what is the issue with that town ; let alone locating it on a map . 
  it is just a well-spirited wit that spaniards use whenever speaking about portugal . 
  people from the border usually cross it for things like flea markets , etc. 
  i do n't know why towels in special became the synecdoche , but it is a very extended joke in spain . 
  maybe they are really good ( i never noticed a difference ) , or maybe it is that people need something to read in the bathroom and learning the origin of the objects works just fine . 
  i will gladly take the offer . 
  all the towels in my girlfriend 's house are bough in portugal !, 
  i am almost an expert . 
  wonderful towels too . 
  wonderful towels too . 
  they do n't want to help . 
  they just do n't want refugees . 
  if a thousand drown , they will count it as a victory . 
  do n't worry , they will bore you to death with arguments about why we should n't care about the fate of a fellow human being , and all of them boil down to `` because it is not from here '' . 
  anything you else they say ( `` it is for their own good '' , `` to crack down human trafficking '' , etc ) is just sugar coating to try to make it more palatable to people who are not downright psychopaths . 
  bullies are the scum of this world .
