  calling the nazi regime a simple `` governmental change '' is downplaying it a bit , is n't it ? 
   did they force them at gun point to take it or how did that look like ? 
  well , sure they did . 
  just not a real gun , but an economical gun . 
  as an example , people need houses . 
  when the market is so full of cheap money that people can ask for mortgages , the prices increase , leading to even more mortgages , and higher prices . 
  cheap money distort real prices . 
   so it is not corruption , cleptocratic attitudes , lack of sense of community , accountability and work ethic corruption , yes . 
  also the corruption of international banks that colluded with the greek government to fake their accounts . 
  and probably the corruption of the experts of the ez that reviewed the greek accounts and found nothing weird , despite allegedly the average greek knowing what their government was hiding . 
  i am not sure what you mean with cleptocratic attitudes . 
  are you implying that greeks like to steal , as in a general characteristic of the population ? 
  i do n't understand that lack of sense of community . 
  which community ? 
  as for work ethics , greeks work 700 hours a year more than germans . 
  they could learn many thinks from germany in terms of efficiency , that is for sure . 
  but greeks are not lacking the will to work , that is for sure . 
  ----------------------- the eu recession was not caused by an orgy of public spending , but by the european banks , which grew until the point to be too big to fail , and then needed a rescue . 
  greece has been punished because they were the trigger that could have made the deutsche bank explode . 
  for your information , the db has an exposure of assets which is bigger than the global ( as in the whole world ) gdp , 20 times more than the gdp of germany . 
  the three biggest german banks had the equivalent of 20 % of german gdp in greek assets alone . 
  the bail out of the banks that tax payers were obligated to perform is nothing else than a sacrifice to prevent the whole thing from exploding . 
   and they joined the ez in the first place , because they could borrow cheaper money than ever before . 
  and to do so they had to manipulate their books . 
  they as in a bunch of greek politicians and a bunch of international banks , as well as a bunch of european supervisors and experts that happen to never see anything strange with those books , since one does not simply get into the ez without someone reviewing your accounts . 
  i doubt the average greek manipulated anything . 
  greece has many problems , and one of them is the lack of flexibility of the eu and the eurozone . 
  even more , that lack of flexibility has transformed a subprime crisis in the us into two recessions that have caused decade long economical crisis in the whole europe . 
  if someone is to blame , those are the european core banks and those mandated to supervise them , because the former created the trap and the lasts did n't make their job . 
  a nice video explaining it , and also why the `` official version '' is flawed . 
  about this topic , i really like this talk of mark blyth at google : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jquhsqxxsjm the basic problem is the oversimplifications that people make when judging a situation . 
  that is inevitable and we all do it , whether by mistake or on purpose . 
  however , things that are `` common sense '' to lead a house are n't so much when leading a country . 
  they also collaborated with other european politicians to do it . 
  i simply do n't understand how people can blame the average greek baker for not knowing what their government was hidding , but nobody seems to remember that in order to hide their fiscal magic , the greek government colluded with many international banks and those in charge of reviewing the greek accounts to let them in , did n't noticed it , but somehow , the average christoforos should have been able to do it . 
   germany had no cultural and structural issues though . 
  i guess that being nazis and trying to wipe a whole continent does n't count as `` cultural '' or `` structural '' issues . 
  i was n't much interested in the whole discussion , which is going downhill , but your comment need a mention . 
   funny how quickly they forget how we gave up our empire to rescue them from nazi germany . 
  is that really a thing in the uk or people are upvoting such comment only because the overall atmosphere in the thread is pretty bad ? 
  the uk did n't give up the empire to help anyone but themselves , and , as a consequence , others were liberated . 
  it is already absurd when americans say that they entered in the war basically for their good heart , but a british saying that is something new for me . 
  finally some decision i can get behind . 
  i mean , i am sure some of them are good people , but let us face it , we can only sustain so many consumers of sino-croatian films . 
   commonwealths like pakistan or india ? 
  i get the feeling that when britons speak about `` the commonwealths '' they mean australia , new zealand and canada , and not the commonwealth . 
  i mean , this is the commonwealth https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/51/commonwealth_of_nations.svg, 
   the only countries we would consider freedom of movement with again would be the anglosphere , probably excluding america . 
  do you realize that `` we '' there is probably you alone and your government is more than willing to get closer with the us before any other of the angosphere , right ? 
  the only thing is that americans probably wo n't want freedom of movement with the uk , but that is another topic . 
  and it should be much lower . 
  spain had a 26 % just before rescuing the banks . 
  japan problem with debt is endemic and structural , and precisely because of that they are able to cope with such numbers . 
  other countries would crumble . 
  i thought that , but i did n't have the data , so i did n't want to say something false . 
  the fact that national governments are the ones who would refinance their vaults if a new crisis happens , they better pander whenever told to . 
  i am not diminishing the accomplishment , just explaining what lead to that situation . 
  p.d : your first and third paragraph contradict each other . 
  in the first you state that poland used the funds better despite being in the middle of the pack and in the third you call me ignorant for linking growth with eu funds , despite you confirming it in your first paragraph . 
  i never said eu fundings were the only cause . 
  i am sure that when boris johnson was referencing nazi germany , he was n't doing that to associate anyone with the nazis !, 
  how could anyone distort his speech so much ? 
  i guess that is why his own team sent him a memorandum basically saying `` hey , mate , shut the fuck up about wwii , ok ? 
  this is 2016 '', 
  check this [ gif ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4offdar.gifv ) about the polish highway system . 
  they had like two sections in the whole country , then a few more . 
  for more than 60 years it was very stagnated . 
  then the 2000 's arrive , specially 2004 ( the year in which poland enters in the eu ) , there is a boom !, 
  and suddenly almost all the country is connected together . 
  highways being simply a proxy for what was a pump of investments into poland . 
  the time window for op 's picture is 2005 ( one year after they entered the eu ) -2015 , so it captures pretty much the explosion of investments . 
  well , it is not really a compliment if you truly think that it is not correct . 
  sometimes you want to keep it real so people do n't too complacent . 
  then they will only need the black one and they can have their own germany !, 
  the first time i dove into the trade statistics of finland , i was really surprised . 
  you see , in europe you always see basically the same blocks , with slightly different percentages , but mainly `` transport '' ( cars , pieces , planes , etc ) , `` machinery '' and usually `` chemical products '' or petroleum . 
  germany : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/deu/all/show/2014/ uk : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/gbr/all/show/2014/ however , in finland , the second biggest block was `` paper goods '' !, 
  http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/fin/all/show/2014/ i new that finland , because it has an 80 % forest surface , has a very important timber and wood related industry , but i was n't expecting it to be so big . 
  i would n't say that spain is going good . 
  it is simply not going as bad as it could . 
  what does these figures even mean ? 
  by 2005 spain will still ride the bubble for 3-4 more years , which is between a third or almost half of the entire time window . 
  and then , again , there is the discussion that growth in the gdp means nothing if it is not distributed among the society . 
  the fact that spain is steadily increasing inequality should be a hint that this figure pretty meaningless when trying to understand the `` street '' feeling . 
  but even speaking about gdp , the spanish gdp was as for 2015 was still only 97 % of the gdp in 2007 . 
  that is almost a decade lost . 
  every damn german office has the same carpet ?!, 
  my office has the same !, 
  we even have the same hole for the wires !, 
  the tradition marks that the worse the wine , the better the sangria will taste , just like with the kalimotxo . 
  that is why we use bricks of don sim\u00f3n , 50 cts/l , or french wine . 
  again ? 
  could n't you at least drink it ? 
   however , it has real issues at present and i just do n't believe that blindly pressing ever further with eurozone harmonisation and political federalisation is the answer . 
  maybe not federalization , but a fiscal union was one of the requirements for the monetary union . 
  you can not have one without the other . 
  because if you do not harmonize the eurozone , you have many countries with many different problems and the solution for their problems is basically a cut-throat competition , which result in all of them losing more than they will earn by cooperating . 
  either we push for a fiscal union or we go back to the old currencies , because many countries have suffered greatly from the inability to use their central banks . 
  southern europe specially suffered from two consecutive crisis , one of those , the one between 2011-2013 , caused by the incapacity to use a central bank as a deterrent against speculation over public debt , as uk and the us did . 
  during that crisis , other countries of the eurozone experienced a boon , created by the crisis in the southern countries and which capitalized on it .
