  every country in this planet has debt . 
  greek debt was high at the beginning of the crisis , but the ratio debt/gdp has only increased since 5 years . 
  i mean , the us has a ratio above 100 % of gdp , and they are not in crisis , because what counts is not the debt , but your ability to repay it . 
  the greek problem comes from the inability to pay for it since the crisis crushed their economy . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i am completely pro-taxes . 
  i just say that we all pay mandatory solidarity , either you need it or not , and people who need it the less , pay it more . 
  i am completely fine with it , but it was funny the utilization of such terminology . 
  nobody stole it . 
  it went directly towards the lender banks , from the countries that supposedly bailed out greece . 
  so they lent money to greece to repay them . 
  i know that is the opposite , but as far as i know , abschluss has the meaning of termination . 
  maybe i am wrong . 
  not from individual to individual , but from collective to collective . 
  exactly . 
  they pay taxes , but most of them receive more than they give . 
  just take the individual contribution and compare it with the cost of an operation . 
  the system works because not everyone will need the expensive surgery , otherwise , the system would collapse , because the individual contribution do not cover the costs . 
  after seeing the way of greece , i prefer my country to fight while we still have any influence whatsoever . 
  we have seen that the bail-out have been just a policy to buy time , so other countries could immunize themselves after a grexit , so i will prefer spain to fight before they have time to immunize themselves against the fall of one of the five biggest economies in the eurozone . 
  and , in italy , they are * starting to see the ears of the wolf * as we say in spain . 
  hopefully , they will fight too . 
   nd and pasok are populist now ? 
  they were the recommended option during the past elections by europe . 
  so probably they are not that bad , despite all the fraud and cooking books and things . 
  it is refreshing to read some comments like yours in this sub , and in general . 
  sometimes i feel that people forget that beneath cold terms like `` countries '' , there are actual , real people . 
  do you want a mad man ? 
  good luck with golden dawn , because they are the next ones in the queue . 
   that 's why now we see previously unimaginable demands . 
  this is like the ultimatum of the austro-hungarian empire empire to serbia . 
  it can not be fulfilled and they know it . 
  they just want war . 
   not to please some politicians ' greed and sadism sadly , those politicians greed and sadism are making them skyrocket in the vote intentions . 
  whereas doing the opposite would sink them . 
  there is no stopping now . 
  do you realize that the many important figures in the european politics claimed that voting for the ones who created the whole mess was the `` correct '' option in the last general elections ? 
  i am wishing to vote the wrong government . 
  we will see at the end by the end of the year . 
  but only because most finns are in the part of `` receive '' and not `` give '' in the national level . 
  when it comes to give , most people suddenly suffer from the so called * rich fever * . 
   neither forced solidarity works , do you pay your taxes voluntarily ? 
  because the last month , nobody asked me in germany if i wanted to pay almost half of my salary . 
  i could do perfectly fine without welfare state , because , thankfully my family and me can afford it . 
  people tend to be pro-welfare in the national level , because they are in the `` receive '' part of the balance , but anti in the super-national level , because they tend to be in the part of `` give '' . 
  and then , people complain about rich trying to avoid the `` forced solidarity '' . 
  yes . 
  french and german banks bet money of french and german people , they lose it and are the greeks the one who has to pay . 
  there is something wrong in this equation . 
  the problem is when only 9 % of the bail-out reach directly the greek economy , which is a rather small stimulus , and the rest 91 % goes to pay debtors , which are the banks of the very same countries that lend you money again . 
  the purpose of the eu was to give the power of sovereign countries to other countries ? 
  i thought that a federation means a union for the good of equal partners . 
  the word you are looking for is a colony . 
  a colony is an state which is subjugated to other state for the profit of the last one . 
  on the other hand , i see a lot of people how may think `` yeah , the weak links are being sacrificed , as we always requested . 
  i like this new union more '' . 
  germany also requested a fee of 10\u00bac and hours of sun per week until german weather becomes mediterranean . 
  well , you have proposed bilateral agreements with greece . 
  i think it is a quite strong statement . 
  i always thought that a system has to have at least two parts to be in balance . 
  france is weak now politically , and should be stronger for a stronger union . 
  i wish our pm would have said something at all . 
  but then , i remember he is rajoy and probably he could n't articulate any coherent thought even if he tried . 
  abschluss in this case . 
  yes , but not from some countries to give that power to some other countries . 
  what the hardliners want to do is basically a neo-neo-colonization , not a union . 
  probably . 
  but now the hate is in the people itself . 
  too much media influence in both sides . 
  there wo n't be any more union in decades , if at any point , i think that is a certainty . 
   the us has done better than the eu in this crisis . 
  this is what is hard for us , europeans . 
  we like to think about the us as a bunch of illiterate neck-beards , but actually , they have been advancing in many aspects way faster and better than we are doing . 
  we should definitively learn something about the us in some aspects , but we are too proud . 
  p.s : i do n't think `` incompetent germans '' are only to blame . 
  i think none of the countries in the eu ( not only the euro ) is actually free in this blaming game . 
  the problem for germany is that `` a big power comes with a big responsability '' . 
  i read a very interesting article in spiegel about the `` two merkels '' and , from my point of view , the problem has been that merkel herself can not decide what to do ( she can not even align with her own ministers ) . 
  if you are the big guy , people will focus on you . 
  and when you doubt , people will critize you . 
  see , for example , the usa . 
  and , what is turkey going to do ? 
  greece leaving euro means they stay in the eu . 
  is the eu going to allow any attack towards another member ? 
  sure , turkey will get cocky , but wo n't do anything , because the rest of the nato wo n't let them . 
   as if these people were engaged in some sort of schadenfreude or something . 
  as for the comments i have read in threads of this topic , it is clearly schadenfreude for many people . 
   support that . 
      greece has proven they are fine ripping up promises made to secure a bailout . 
  nah , greece has not proven anything ( besides the fact that they have implemented all the measures they were requested for the previous ones , so i do n't understand your statement ) , because greece is not an entity with a single mind . 
  you , on the other hand , has shown yourself . 
  i am sorry , but i fail to see how this is nothing else than pure sadism . 
  at this point , it is a punishment , not a negotiation . 
  and it has nothing to do with the economy . 
  as far as i know , this is still a negotiation among ministers . 
  so the delay has nothing to do with public opinion . 
  if that was the case , there would be no negotiation , not a simple delay . 
  the delay is just to satisfy some people who want to see greek people suffer so they feel that their point of view has been confirmed . 
  well , then , sorry for my comment . 
  i will justify myself with the poe 's law .
