  rapes ? 
  they never existed before the refugees came in . 
  stupidity and ignorance ? 
  well , those are the biggest exports of the us , amarite ? 
  it seems that , for some people , nothing wrong can be done by the `` native europeans '' , because we are the smartest , most advanced people . 
  that is not to say that such condescending behavior is exclusive of this sub . 
  if you go to other subs , you will find groups of people with the same attitude . 
  and it always irritates me to the nerve . 
  i am sorry if that was not your intention , maybe your comment was n't that much of an stretch and it was simply the drop that made the cup overflow , but hopefully i have been able to explain properly why i understood your comment in that way . 
  people in this sub seem to be always eager to attach certain mindsets to the `` americans '' , when mkst of those attitudes are in reality very spread out in europe too . 
  i guess it is easier to mock the fat stupid american than the sofisticated , refined european . 
  because french people are not cowards . 
  whatever the option they decided was n't going to be changed by just a terrorist attack . 
  i do n't know what is it that makes me think about the iberian peninsula when i see these kind of streets . 
  you can find photos like this in other cities like salamanca , but the similar style ( gothic ? ), 
  in other parts of europe is , at least to my eye , different somehow . 
  something in the mood of the picture . 
  hahaha . 
  it says 10 % of the global income earners , not countries . 
  you really thought that if all boiled down to choose between the 10 % higher income earners or the 90 % , you would be in the 10 % side !, 
  that is rich . 
  enjoy your little delusions in which you are a part of the cool kids club . 
  have a nice day !, 
  just as a hint : you do n't have nukes , edgelord . 
    for example , the top 10 % of global income earners are responsible for almost as much total greenhouse gas emissions as the bottom 90 % combined . 
   are they basically saying we must destroy poorer countries to survive ? . . 
  i know you are trying to subvert what the article says , but i was expecting some kind of ethic dilemma , but instead you just do n't even know how to interpret data . 
  if you would read it such extreme terms , in fact the article says the opposite : we should destroy the richer 10 % to survive , as they produce the equivalent to the other 90 % . 
  in other words , destroying just the richer 10 % , you would cut greenhouse emissions by half . 
  experts as in `` the last guy with whom i have spoken about somehting '' and `` whoever went to the last episode of fox and friends '' . 
  for example , president xi jinping speaking about south korea or the guy claiming to have proofs of 2 million illegal votes . 
  i need to put some time into taking the rust out of my french . 
  you are spot on the root of the problem : abusing the need . 
  at the end , only people who can be pressured would work on sunday . 
  that is very unfair , in my view . 
  everyone , with independence of their situation , are entitle to at least one day in which they can develop in their social environment . 
  because buying something on saturday to sunday is too much . 
  the tomato which has been on the road for a week will spoil in those 12 extra hours . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't know what is so hard about it ? 
  i work all week long until very late , so i do n't have time for anything besides some food . 
  on saturdays , i go to shop whatever i wanted to do during the week . 
  i know , it is crazy . 
  because when they want sunday and the boss say `` sorry , you can not choose sunday '' , what do they do ? 
  having to choose thursday because your boss only gave you that option , when nobody of your social environment is available is not good . 
  when you do not make things mandatory , people can be pressured to not follow . 
  for example , parental leave for fathers . 
  in some countries , the ratio of men taking those breaks is minimal , because they are threatened with being fired for whatever other reason . 
  in some other countries they are mandatory , even if it is against the will of the employee , to prevent that . 
  what you said could be said also about the 40 hours a week of work . 
  it was n't always like that and it is a relatively new thing . 
  and that is why people oppose to it . 
  if people deem tobacco as dangerous , they want to be able to take measures against it without one of the biggest economies in the world pressuring them with the law in the hand . 
  he even changes the target of his missile strikes in the same sentence !, 
  i imagine that someone in the pentagon has to be in charge of watching the tv so they know what the president commands . 
  `` guys , guys !, 
  it was syria , not iraq !, 
  change the coordinates !, 
  and bring some chocolate cake ! '', 
  as a business man , he is used to negotiate with bullying powers . 
  but now he has a set of rules to obey , protocols to fulfill and all that boring stuff . 
  besides , people are not afraid of him . 
  the impression i get from his interviews is how frustrated he is with everything not going according to his tantrums . 
  for example , when he wanted to pass trumpcare , he treated the congress as if they were under his command and other republicans as if they were his employees , with all variations of `` i will get you fired !, 
  in fact , most americans did n't vote for trump . 
  i am not denying the legitimacy , because he won within the rules , but comment makes it sound like most americans did cast a vote for him and that is not true , not even among the americans who actually voted , let alone the total population . 
  i wonder , if you pick a random stranger in a random country and ask for the top 10 painting museums in the world , how many of them would even know the name of el prado . 
  i speak out of my own experience . 
  i am not from madrid , thus whenever someone ask me what they can do there , my first answer is `` eh . . ? '', 
  and the second is that they should visit at least el prado . 
  and plenty of them were n't aware of its existence or only rang a bell but they had no idea what to expect . 
  among professionals or people interested in art , it is probably well known . 
  but it is no where near the name of other museums of the same quality . 
  as for the rest of madrid , it sells itself pretty badly . 
  the case of barcelona is pretty worrisome . 
  i really , really liked the city the times i visited my friends there , but when i visited it as a tourist , i realize what a big chuck of the city is consumed to create a `` zoo '' for tourists . 
  it recalled me to venecia : undoubtedly beautiful and worth visiting , yet more of a museum than a living city . 
  thankfully , there is still hope for barcelona and , i am not wrong , new policies to reduce this effect are being put into action . 
  i would n't necessarily say that locals are just people born there or even people of the nationality of the place . 
  i think it is more like an attitude : it is people living their common live and not being `` animals in a zoo '' for tourists . 
  one of the things i enjoy about granada , for example , is the amount of people ( a lot of students ) taking the `` local attitude '' approach . 
  they visit bares and teter\u00edas frequently but because that is the thing that locals do too . 
  they are simply doing what they do for a normal day . 
  and granada is a rather small city with a lot of tourists by its size , yet i think the `` local attitude '' can be found in pretty much any neighborhood in the city . 
   if only it was n't so full of people though !, 
  like any other famous art piece , first you see the people and then maybe you get to see the art . 
  thankfully there are other amazing pieces by picasso & friends over there . 
  we went on in the first week of january two years ago and we did n't have much problem , thankfully . 
  there were like 20 people or so , but the piece is so big that you could stand with nobody in front of you . 
  on the other hand , i have visited the louvre more than once and , trying to catch a glimpse of the mona lisa , i understand the feeling . 
  sometimes is surprisingly easy and sometimes is rather impossible . 
  i completely agree . 
  beside all the wonderful pieces , i went to see guernica without expecting any surprise , since it is one of those paints so famous that one may think it does n't have any more secrets . 
  however , even if you know how big it is , it is amazingly big . 
  i really enjoyed it more than i expected . 
  additionally , they have original photos of picasso while drawing it and seeing the whole process , how it changed along the creation , etc , made me relate closer to it . 
  additionally : pic the audio-guides !, 
  they do n't cost much and the information that you gain , specially in el prado , is worth the very last cent . 
  it has the advantage over the guides that you can walk around at your own path . 
  it would have been a very different visit without all those extra details about the history , background and analysis of the pieces .
