  rajoy , the prime minister , said : it is very difficult todo esto . 
  yeah . 
  i did n't understand the problem with not translating the name . 
  in fact , it is a very good marketing campaign if you want to create brand recognition . 
  i also do n't think her accent was worse than that of the average spaniard and surely better than most politicians in her party . 
  but then i saw the video and it was a tad cringy for what you said , she sounds like if she were reading a book for children . 
  i would recommend a visit to madrid even if it is just to visit el prado , which is probably one of the most underappreciated museums in the world . 
  edit a word . 
  i deleted my comment because i have revisited the webpage and the information displayed is different . 
  for example , i can no longer see the information of the us or canada at all , so i am not sure if what i said before was correct or a bug . 
  i was looking at the researchers % too , which is the number that is shown in the overall view . 
  anyway , grouping by regions , as i said , we is not the worst , as you said , but i absolutely agree that it is nowhere near good enough , sadly . 
  hopefully they have jinxed that one . 
  `` leaders '' of europe . 
  now they jinxed it . 
  the questions are quite biased , in my opinion . 
  for example , for the schengen area not a single quote was positive . 
  the best option was less negative one . 
  besides , i do n't think the premise of the test is any good . 
  the quotes are out of context , thus something that you can interpret in a sense might mean the opposite . 
  that is probably why women in so many towns near the border cross it to give birth in spanish hospitals . 
  if there are so few people , i would imagine that hospitals will be very separated from each other and some in the other side of the border is closer . 
   isnt their job do convinse me to vote ? 
  i think that is the problem with representative systems . 
  their job should n't be to convince you , but to have good proposals in accordance to an ideology and your civic duty should be to go through the proposals and find the one that you agree with the most . 
  i feel like politics is more a show for salesmen than for capable people . 
  we are citizens not potential customers . 
  in my opinion it should be 20/4 instead . 
  everything can be traced down via chain of events to everything else . 
  history is a continuum . 
  hitler was just a catalysts of already existing problems and tensions . 
  i do not believe in character driven history . 
  and i think that futuribles are always wrong , because one mixes current knowledge with the premise of the lack of certain fundamental factors and also gloss over the possibility of new unexpected events . 
  for all we know , without hitler we could be traveling to mars , living in a nuclear fallout or , basically , more or less as we are right now . 
  the last option would be the most probable , in my opinion . 
  that is because stalin was opposed to the idea of continuous revolution that the troskyists supported . 
  i do n't think fillon is worse than le pen ideologically and both are in the middle of scandals . 
  i did the test of political compas that you put in your article . 
  have you done it before ? 
  is it any good ? 
  i got some weird results and i was wondering if it was just me or the test is simply not very well defined . 
  i voted german politicians in the last eu elections , as i was living in germany . 
  that was cool , but i had to learn a lot of things !, 
  i agree that , for the eu level and some ideologies , pan european parties with open lists should be available . 
  at the end , many parties campaign on the idea of representing the eu as a whole and not that much individual states , so where are they from should be irrelevant . 
  for other ideologies , only local mps may make more sense . 
  well , i consider things like human rights `` sacred '' . 
  but besides that , i agree . 
  i think it is the standard . 
  in spain , there are usually three flags in the press conferences : the one of the autonomous community , the one of spain and the one of the eu . 
  also , it is mandatory that the three of them wave with the same `` level of dignity '' from all the townhalls . 
  the other redditor has a finnish flair . 
  the spanish government was the only supporter in a bid to make the coofficial spanish languages official languages in the eu . 
  the bid was rejected but thanks its modified form was accepted and it is the reason why you can do your paperwork in catalan in the eu , even if it is not an official language . 
  and spain alone is covering the costs of it ( as it should , on the other hand ) http://www.elmundo.es/elmundo/2005/06/13/espana/1118652540.html https://euobserver.com/news/19323 there are plenty of reasons to be critical of the relation between the country and the characteristics of some of its regions , but by making false statements you only achieve that nobody will listen when you bring some good ones . 
  i think you are both correct . 
  there are very few outlets with any quality in spain , both in catalonia and in the rest of the country . 
  she says in the article that she steps down because of internal tension within the party . 
  the easier excuse , politically speaking , was the pregnancy . 
  if she says otherwise is because she really means it . 
  dm is the second most read publication , after the sun . 
  and it is not like they do n't publish online . 
  i fear that you are underestimating the size of the population under the influence of these kind of tabloids . 
  anyway , that is besides my point : my fear is that this is only the spearhead of what is to come . 
  i expect very bitter comments and very poisonous discussions in the near future . 
  what a wonderful scientist . 
  thankfully , she is well regarded and recognised . 
  the first woman to win a nobel prize , the first person to win it twice and the only one to do it in two different science categories . 
  the development of the quantum theory was such a fascinating chain of events . 
  on of my favourite pieces of science history . 
  it has such a great potential , however . 
  probably one of the most important scientist in history , yet humble enough to acknowledge that he was able to see further by standing on the shoulders of giants . 
  i am sorry for the sane british on both sides . 
  just a side note : if you explained yourself like that in your first post , people would n't have taken it in the wrong way . 
  i agree that not everything old is good and not everything new is bad . 
  why ? 
  some people find old buildings cool and the fact that you study `` those guys '' does n't change or invalidate their opinion in the slightest . 
  i find it pretty pretentious that you assume that people with different taste are just `` circlejerking '' . 
  how does she being a woman make it more acceptable ?? 
  no warning , no request to get more covered but directly to assault . 
  that has a name : religious fanatism . 
  sneaky ? 
  there are videos of officials casting many votes in plain sight ... 
  is n't the same everywhere ? 
  the comments of erdogan are not very different from those of trump , for example . 
  when he spent two weeks saying that his inauguration was the most crowded in history , i directly thought `` do people really believe this , when comparison pictures and articles about it are just one google search away ? '', 
  and the answer is yes , people do believe this kind of thing . 
  the canary , azors and madeira islands too . 
  it is not too bad . 
  why would it be ? 
  i accept that many in germany agree more with merkel than with other politicians . 
  that being said , the majority do not agree with merkel , otherwise she would govern alone and not in a coalition . 
  checking tbe latest polls , it seems that she might not even be the most liked candidate in the upcoming elections . 
  addtionally , the vast majority of germans , including those who prefer her over other candidates , do not agree with merkel 100 % , because agreeing with someone to that degree is indoctrination . 
  implying that there is no space for discrepancy because the biggest minority voted for merkel is ridiculous , in my opinion . 
  the problem with representative systems is that you vote for the whole pack . 
  it does n't give any space foe nuances . 
  for example , the majority of germans support same sex marriage , yet merkel said that as long as she is the chancellor , that will never happen . 
  and , again , i think that disliking policies and hating someone are two very different things . 
  i agree that having safe spaces in their own countries is probably the best solution in most cases .
