  i agree . 
  we were sold that the plans to `` catch up '' europe were good for us , but it just led to a dismantling of our industry . 
  now , it is too late , but maybe not to late to just say `` fuck all , i am out '' and try to begin from the very beginning . 
  it was clear 5 years ago , that the ez and the eu itself will do what is best for germany , not what is best for the rest of the eu members . 
  you hate 10 million people because of their origin . 
  way to go , * gabacho * . 
  edit : corrector ... 
   they have used every dirty trick in the book to undermine syriza and i will never forget this , anti eu for life now . 
  i have to admit , that i was one of those who ate the hook of the `` european dream '' completely . 
  i guess that i was delusional . 
  we have sold our democracy to higher powers which we can not control anymore , since they will use the `` trick book '' to shoot down any discrepancy . 
  and the flag for those heteros who do not plan to have children or even have an spouse ? 
  if you posted this in / r/vexillology they would report you for such a horrible design . 
  it breaks almost every rule . 
  no , thank you . 
  we have our fair share . 
  while i agree on that ( i know a lot scientist who are believers ) , i think that the minister of science should be a scientist , not a man with a phd in theology . 
  i think there is a lack of scientist in politics , anyway . 
  do n't worry , mistakes happen . 
  what worries me is that a lot of people upvoted your comment , so they did n't notice it either . 
  at least you found the mistake !, 
  i will give them a shot . 
  thank you for the suggestion !, 
  spoiler : quite good , actually . 
  after the `` bad guy '' is wiped out , with him goes all the hate , so the new parties can effectively work together . 
  i actually liked the anime very much . 
    i only said that because i have lived abroad for the last 7 years and i would n't even dream of being able to keep up with local politics to the extent of people still living there . 
  i can read some newspapers but that 's not the same . 
   no need to get so upset . 
  i apologize for that . 
  maybe you are right and i get your message wrong . 
   do you genuinely think a majority of spaniards will be in favour for more loans ? 
  i doubt it . 
  i do think that if we were ensure that the money would go towards greek real economy and not towards banks , the fight among yes-no would be very close . 
  edit : reddit formatting . 
  cajas have debtors , and among the biggest one of those debtors is the deutschebank . 
  cajas never had the money to finance it . 
  it was international money , using the cajas and other banks as a proxy . 
  spanish banks were bailed out because if they fell , other international banks would follow , since they have inverted so much money through spanish banks in the spanish housing bubble . 
  let 's remember that the db has risky stocking goods equivalent to the global gdp . 
  however , we , spaniards , are the only one to blame and the only one who should pay so the european bank system do not collapse . 
  sounds about right , yes . 
  i find amazing that people have really taken for true the lie that voting once every 4 years should be equal to give the government an empty check . 
  first , the pp earned 44 % of the votes , but thanks to our wonderful system , they have the equivalent of 60 % of the power . 
  so they represent the biggest of the minorities who voted . 
  second , in important , unexpected matters , the only fair thing is to ask directly the population . 
  such as when the banks were to receive our money , we should have been asked , because in the elections , nobody saw it coming , so nobody could vote in favor or against that , simply because nobody knew . 
  people vote for a party for certain reason . 
  it does n't mean they support every single thing they do . 
  that is why we have referendums . 
   and small parties always pop up in hard times , does n't mean they will become strong . 
  these ones have taken the three largest cities in spain ( among many others , a lot of them are `` districts '' main cities ) , some of them leaded by the pp for decades ( literally , decades ) . 
  these ones are getting big and bigger . 
   you say yourself you live abroad , how can you be certain of what really lives in spain ? 
  you may have your ideas and people you talk to , but that does n't mean you 're right . 
  because living abroad from time to time is like being completely disconnect of reality of your own country . 
  what a way to try to attack me . 
  do you even know what is my situation ? 
  what a cheap shot there . 
  it comes from out of reddit . 
  there are certain forums , specially one of white-supremacist , that are quite active in reddit 's brigading . 
  i do n't post the link because i do n't want to give them public , but you can find some links to them in the anti-immigration or immigration related news , for example . 
  if greek would have killed millions of people , we probably should . 
  we are speaking about economics . 
  economically , germany is the vivid example that debt forgiveness and stimulus works . 
  it does n't mean that greek is the same that post-wwii germany , mainly because they never started two world wars . 
  but in the economical aspect , we can learn and apply somethings , at least in my opinion . 
   i do n't disagree , but how do you avoid punishing them if their elected officials are unreliable and continue making the same mistakes ? 
  i do think that the elected officials who made the mistakes were taken out of the government and the following ones applied the rules and rezepte troika gave to them ? 
  the problem is that those prescriptions never worked . 
   you can tell we 've crossed the threshold of insanity when people start to argue that we have to make the greeks suffer , intentionally , just prove that an economic ideology is right . 
  so much of this . 
  it is uncanny to read here or heard some people in the streets being so happy and wishing a whole country to collapse , because they `` deserve it '' . 
  some people seriously took things to the personal level and are cheering for blood . 
   greece must be taught a lesson and be a warning to others . 
  why do people keep speaking about greece as if they were a single minded entity ? 
  by the way , the warning for other is quite clear , but it is the opposite to the message you would like to send . 
  that is why we are seeing the rise of podemos and other new parties . 
  that is why a lot of people supported greece 's no for the past referendum . 
   it was greece that created a deficit of what what is ? 
  10 times higher than they actually reported ? 
  it was the greek government at the time . 
  do you know the funny part about it ? 
  the same government was pointed by the eu as the most reasonable option for the elections . 
  the same government that lied them and lead , with the help of goldman-sachs , to one of the biggest scams in history . 
  a random baker in athens was as aware as anyone else in europe about this fact , but for some reason , people wanted him to be more aware that the specialists that the eu sent to analyze greece 's finances and never saw anything wrong . 
  nice try to make normal people look like they were a part of a multi-million people , national-wide plot to steal german money . 
  our government is . 
  then say so . 
  people in this subeddit speak like just because a government has a certain stance in a certain topic , the country as a whole support them . 
  by the way , i doubt our government will survive the winter . 
  why do you speak about greece when the other redditor is speaking about spain ? 
   spain was n't overspending , their debt-to-gdp ratio was lower than germany 's . 
  spain had a lower amount of public debt than germany , france , italy and almost any other eu country . 
  our social security was having surplus , actually , while still being a lower percentage of the gdp than in other countries . 
  our problem was that we let the government to transform private debt into public debt that now we all have to pay , so they could pay german and french banks . 
  i think people is focusing to much in the aspect of `` whose fault ? '', 
  instead of looking at the pure economical facts that history shows . 
  i do n't care if germany was or not guiltier or less guilty than greece is nowadays . 
  the wirtschaftwunder was crafted , it did n't stem magically out of german society .
