  the events of last week are a terrible proof : a guy , known by the british intelligence , committed an act of terrorism . 
  just like have happened in other places . 
  so much intelligence , for what ? 
  the reality is that , it does n't matter how much intel you have , you can not prevent all attacks . 
  after some point , new `` protection '' laws that take away your right are simply for that , to take away your right . 
  finally , there is simply no agreement whatsoever that would make the eu trust the uk , because they are now a foreign power . 
  it is as simple as that . 
  if the uk does n't want to cooperate in the fields where we could trust them ( i do n't think they would purposely mislead us in those fields ) such as terrorism , or the price for such intel is too high , then i guess that the whole situation in the continent wo n't change that much . 
  edit : i am not saying in any way that i do not appreciate the collaboration among different countries to tackle common threats , because that would be for me the ideal scenario . 
   no country in europe has the laws in place that would come close to building anything close to what the uk has got going . 
  and i am thankful for that . 
  turkey is a part of the erasmus program if i am not wrong , not simply a way to say it . 
   apart from that , it is well known that some foreigners use europe only as a cheap way of getting their higher education done , and they wo n't respect the country where they are studying . 
  wow . 
  i am simply amazed . 
  you said that with a straight face and people still support your comment . 
  who said that ? 
  i am honestly relatively fine with it . 
  it is not like the intelligence agencies of other countries did n't know about dangerous suspects and , for all the effectivity of the british one , they could n't prevent the attack a week ago . 
  if they do n't want to cooperate , it is obviously not ideal , but not the end of the world . 
  so because people want out now or means that it will be impossible for them to want in again in 20 years ? 
  if that is the relation that the brexiters envision , i am ok with that . 
  but that is not the eu and we have no plans to change it to strike a deal with the uk , which is the point of the article . 
  i think that considering the eu or even the internal market as a `` free trade agreement '' is over simplistic and wrong , not even considering the non-economical aspects , but just from the economical point of view . 
  there are plenty of differences between a free trade agreement and the internal market . 
  the relation between spain and germany is not the relation between canada and spain . 
  canada is granted a limited access to the common market without tariffs but it is not a member of the internal market and neither it is a member of any its legislative body . 
  a free trade agreement does n't mean that canada can do whatever they want or that they have the same rights as a member : free trade agreements , albeit comprehensive , are also limited ( there are many aspects that are also excluded from free trade agreements ) ; they have to accept the eu rules and they do n't have a vote to try to change them , etc. 
  a very important aspect , directly related with your comment , is that , since there is no freedom of mobility of people , there is also not freedom of movement of capital . 
  canada is subject to the same limitations as any other country when it comes to regulations about foreign entities . 
  a free trade agreement does n't mean a banking interconnection like the sepa , for example . 
  again , if that is what the brexiters want , good for them . 
  if the eu find such free trade agreement with the uk also beneficial for us , i am sure we will find a way . 
  but make no mistake : you will be an external entity to the internal market and thus subject to all restrictions related to not being a member , just like canada is . 
  i remember a certain country that invaded iraq along with the us and three uk , creating the power vacuum that have destabilised the region so much . 
  you should also check the definition of literally , by the way . 
  immigration and borders are an eu matter , so it is your fuck ingredients problem . 
  a different topic is if you want to care or help or not . 
  why should we allow caps on migration before a fiscal union ? 
  you can not have free movement of money without free movement of people . 
  that system would collapse . 
   it would seem somewhat obvious that the uk ca n't be in the single market without the four freedoms , not that obvious for a lot of people though ? 
  plenty of people have been saying that freedom of movement is not necessary or even a core feature of the eu . 
  seriously , dm ? 
  people complaining because you reduce two of the most important politicians of your country to a leg competition is `` censored by the left '' . 
  did the government prevented you form publishing it , in the name of `` the left '' ? 
  i am so tired of people needing safe spaces or they cry : `` oh , no , i publish something and people criticize me !, 
  why are they so mean to me ? '' . 
  grow a spine , you toilet paper . 
  since this is a topic about safety in the roads , i will post one of my all time favorite ad about the topic : [ embrace life ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-8pbx7isom ) when volvo invented the three point safety belt and the test showed how effectively they were saving lives , they released the design and waived the patents for all car makers to use it , because they considered that it would be immoral to not prevent so many deaths . 
  seriously , use it . 
  it is a gift that might save your live . 
  i know it have saved mine . 
   literally impossible you literally need to read again the definition of literally . 
  unless you mean that it is impossible in a physical way , as in literally violating the laws of nature . 
   none of you actually believe without going into the comment itself , telling other people what they `` actually '' believe is a recipe for disaster and very condescending for your part . 
  have a nice day . 
  you do n't want that kind of politicians in europe , i can guarantee that to you . 
  the message , however , is a different issue . 
  what false equivalence , if i may ask ? 
  the other redditor said that one of the strong points of poland , why he consider it to be the `` soul of europe '' , is because of the `` strong christian tradition '' . 
  i said that if that is really the soul of eu or its future , i would like to step down this ride . 
  i could n't make a false equivalency because i did n't make any equivalency . 
  you are the one who , out of the blue , understood that i want to impose somehow a `` strong beheading tradition '' . 
  sure , burn the size of the german economy is what makes it more relevant . 
  the eu also have the netherlands in the list of potentially dangerous imbalances . 
  i prefer neither of them . 
  why would we choose between two evils ? 
  that is a false dilemma . 
  i hope you are wrong , because if poland `` strong christian tradition '' is the future of europe we might as well dissolve the union for good . 
  trade surplus periods are compensated in the long run by trade deficits . 
  the fact that there is still any trade surplus after so many years of continuously breaking the cycle is the problem . 
  the lattest official reason the eu is not considering sanctions it is because they say that some of the factors are beyond german control , but that does n't make them less bad , just not punishable . 
  the previous reason was that schauble said they would fix it . 
  and so on . 
  this case goes back more than a decade . 
  i do n't think it would be more interesting . 
  it simply answer a very different question . 
  i prefer this version of the map because what you propose seems too convoluted for me and i do n't really get what useful information would be extracted from it . 
  i hope that with the new government , either with schulz or merkel , germany will finally put an end to the very dangerous trade surplus it has with the rest of the eu . 
  schauble said they were going to fix it back in 2012 and everybody is still waiting . 
  it is probably the biggest thread to the eurozone and the eu in the long term . 
  if i am not mistaken , it is not the first time that happens , albeit the effect is smaller comparatively . 
  we are going to make europe grow in population , one tournament at a time . 
  for the university of granada , 2020 students were sent abroad in 2016 , received 1918 from abroad and the university has ~ 68000 students . 
  so around 2.5-3 % . 
  however , the ugr is the university which sends and receives the most students . 
  and it is also a rather medium size university , therefore i guess that the percentages are much smaller everywhere else ( except for maybe some case of a very small university with a lot of erasmus students ) . 
  before you go there , you have to make a study plan which contains all the lectures you are going to take part of during your semester abroad and for which lectures they will be validated , in case you pass them . 
  there is nothing left to the odds . 
  you go with a plan and you know exactly what you will get when you finish . 
  it is true that you spend more time studying that you would do at home . 
  i had to translate about 2000 pages of german handwriting from the professors ( hint : it is not easy . 
  thankfully , google search suggests corrections which are usually on point ) and it took me quite a lot of extra time , but as a global experience , it was 100 % worth it . 
  if i had 100 lives , i would repeat it 100 times . 
  as someone who is rather `` rootless '' by choice , i can tell you that it is very nice . 
  the only problem is that it is hard sometimes to understand the behavior and arguments of some people , because what they see as an unquestionable monolith , it is for your more like a totem that everybody worships but you do n't really understand why . 
  granada is the most requested erasmus destination . 
  the university is not very big , so the number of acceptances is rather small . 
  this is not a new thing .
