  you train your problem solver brain . 
  i do n't know why anybody would argue against having more activities to improve that . 
  variety of exercises is a fundamental part in a good training . 
  programming at those levels is not about learning template meta programming in c++ , but to develop the rational part of the brain for problem solving . 
  it is more important for the teacher to be good in teaching skills than to know complex programming ( as that part is not really going to come into play ) . 
  there is no need to hire high skilled programmers to give lectures to 7 year old children , just good teachers who know how to program at sufficient level . 
  the true nature of the finnish spirit . 
  actually , i very much prefer the extreme cold winters of finland than rainy winters in other places . 
  snow and low temperatures are much more bearable for me than rain , when i am fully clothed . 
  and sauna . 
  i completely forgot the typical finnish phrase for inside the sauna which is translated as `` there is always room for one more '' . 
  they are so loud i can even hear them from here out of the picture . 
  it is not an stereotype when it is true . 
  february , helsinki , -25 \u00ba and a strong wind ( not uncommon in helsinki ) . 
  i am waiting for the tram and a few of us are hiding fro the blizzard behind the windshield and we are all quite separated from each other ( a meter or so ) . 
  a man arrives to the stop . 
  i move a bit to free some space . 
  the man stares at me and decides to stay outside of the stop , with the back towards the wind , instead of getting `` too close '' to an stranger . 
  that is when i realized that some stereotypes are , sometimes , true . 
  should we give him the fich\u00e9 j , then ? 
  and are better trained to manage guns than a random dude . 
  op has wasted too much time checking action movies . 
  i think the opposite , actually . 
  this simply show that they are in a shortage of lunatics , if this is the best they can get . 
  sure . 
  franco and hitler were both abominations . 
  the fact that they cooperated to commit their crimes does n't make any of them any less responsible . 
  however , your first comment seems more a deflection of responsibility than an attempt to complete the information . 
  anyway , i leave the conversation here , as i see nothing else worth discussing . 
  have a nice day . 
  germany did not bomb barcelona because out of boredom . 
  franco requested all those air raids , thus he is the responsible . 
  i would say that most people using duolingo are learning languages for fun . 
  you can usually see them with badges of very unrelated languages that i doubt they use in their daily lives . 
  if you are serious about moving to a country and learning the language , you do n't use duolingo that much . 
  but duolingo is not sending your the best spanish words . 
  they send you the insults , the blasphemies . 
  i assume you also learn some compliments . 
  bad palabras , folks . 
  some people learn languages for the sake of it , not for a reason . 
  or maybe they can do both , go to lectures and use duolingo ? 
  why is people if it is one or the other ? 
  nobody here has any numbers , everybody is creating their own castles in the air . 
  it does not suck . 
  it is a tool and you have to know how to use it properly . 
  it is saying that a hammer is useless in a house because it is not a good tool to clean the windows . 
   the irish have the new ira altough their are irrelevant , but still dangerous . 
  this is the comment i am answering to . 
  if you do not understand the meaning of context , it is not my problem . 
  have a nice day . 
  i leave the conversation here . 
  they are doing it now , according to the other redditor . 
  did you even read his comment ? 
  your comment makes no sense in the context of the conversation . 
  as i said in other comments , i do not really care if eta would split or not . 
  they were already defeated and they do not deserve any `` honorable surrender '' . 
  and that is why you do not negotiate with eta , you jail them . 
  because even if eta surrendered , other groups might continue the fight . 
  a peace treaty with eta is useless , because it means nothing since they can not control all the members , and unnecessary , because they are already going down . 
  a very ugly lion , no offense . 
  whats up with that face ?!, 
  where is the mane ? 
  it is hard to get the money to buy the materials , transport them , hide them , design the bomb , find someone able to place them , etc. 
  when you are on the run permanently and count with only a fringe social support . 
  eta has been bluffing with a losing hand for years . 
  as i said , there is no other fate for eta than being crushed and for its member to be jailed . 
  spain did n't need to reach an agreement , because eta was reduced to a mere shadow of their former power . 
  negotiating terms of capitulation only happens when two sides are still on a similar level . 
  eta was n't even close to that , even 8 years ago . 
  the only place for any member of eta is jail . 
  afterwards , they can do whatever they want . 
  there is nothing to negotiate there . 
  good news but it is not like they had any other option . 
  i hope every last one of them gets tracked down and jailed . 
  fptp , not even once . 
  that is a problem with the lack of self-criticism of the right wing electorate then , not a problem of the left wing . 
  self criticism is fundamental and parties should be afraid of being punished by their electorate . 
  this is what happens ( or what should happen ) when a supposedly left wing party goes against its principles , that people will find a new left wing party . 
  i am glad that dutch people seem to be able to punish parties that fail them instead of rooting like in a football game because `` otherwise the others might win !, 
   is not to enter a debate and criticize him what debate ? 
  what criticism ? 
  fact checking is not a debate . 
  fact checking means that if the guy in the article says `` i never posted that on twitter '' , you put a full screen picture of his tweet , so he has to explain it . 
  that is not a debate , that is a fact . 
  and the interviewer should not allow the politician to escape without explaining the situation using convoluted but empty sentences . 
  the answer can be anything from `` i forgot that i wrote that '' to `` the context of that tweet is ... '' but not `` i did not post that '' . 
  when trump said that the average unemployment in the us is almost 40 % , a big title in the middle of the screen should say that , according to the bureau of whatever branch of the government , unemployment is between x and y , and then trump should explain why he said the other number , where is he getting the information from , etc. 
  `` i have heard that '' , `` people have told me '' is something utterly unacceptable for a politician . 
  i think politicians should not be treated as celebrities . 
  politics is not like `` every other field '' . 
  that is a major mistake and one of the reasons of the low quality politicians that one can find around the world . 
  every time a politician opens his/her mouth , someone ( more than one organization , if possible ) should fact check every single statement . 
  once a lie is out , it does n't matter if it was told during an interview or a debate , there is no way to take those words back and the effect of a lie can only be mitigated if it is followed directly by a fact countering it . 
  i think that for too long , we have simply accepted that `` politicians are going to lie '' , like if nothing could be done about it . 
  being a politician is not the same as being a baker or a bus driver . 
  during the time they are in office , they are no longer normal citizens so `` i just have my own facts '' should not be an option for them . 
  it does n't mean that they can not change the interpretation of a fact , but somethings should be more or less set in stone and one would need evidences to contradict them , not simply `` my cousin told me so '' . 
  a politician should not be hold to the same standard that your uncle in facebook . 
  that is the problem . 
  going to interviews should be absolutely fundamental for any politician that want to be elected and interviews should be the worst part of the week for them , because it is the only time that someone will keep their feet close to the fire for the public .
