  the thing is there are taxes for products coming from outside the eu and , therefore , the final price is higher so inside products are preferred . 
  also many people is willing to buy eu stuff because we know that this impulse the economy of other countries which will invest in spain , via eu , via direct investment , etc. 
  the same reason why you usually look for products of your own zone rather than from outside . 
  yet this is a main issue . 
  the prices of the houses in spain went literally through the roof due to people from uk and germany comming to spain when they retire . 
  this makes that the young people had to invest in the house using the banks and then , when everything collapsed , they are now trapped . 
  due to that immigration , in my hometown the prices of the houses were multiplied by 20 since spain joined the eu . 
  a friend sold his house three years ago for 1.5 m $ to a german renter and he bought it 32 years ago for what it would be 90k $ . 
  it is funny , because the major part of the debt due to this issue is in the hands of the deutsche bank , which was one of the banks which gave more credits to buy houses in spain . 
  except for we all sold our economic independence to the eu without achieving yet a fiscal union nor a bank union . 
  so we are fucked up , because countries in crisis would need a devaluation of the money so it can flow again and the countries without crisis do n't want it . 
  and this is the main problem in the eu at the moment . 
  thank you . 
  seriously . 
  at the moment , i am living in germany being a spaniard and a lot of people think that germany has never won anything with the eu . 
  and that is false !, 
  in spain , every single appliance we have came from germany , because of the eu restricting the commerce from countries outside the community . 
  this is only one example , but germany has a poor inner market and it has a really big economy due to other countries buying german stuff . 
  the money germany pays to the eu is not a gift , is an inversion , for your clients will buy things to you if they have money . 
  but when i try to explain it , people just answer `` yeah , what would you say ? 
  you are from spain after all '' and underestimate my opinion just for that . 
  it is nice to see people from the `` rich '' countries defending this opinion too . 
  so , thank you . 
  there is a study i read about long time ago , which basically affirmed that you felt more insulted in your own language than in a foreign language . 
  and i , for one , agree completely . 
  it was , it was . 
  i like that word very much . 
  you are right . 
  i was too much into the joke and i got confused myself for real . 
  i are felin offending rigth now . 
  i actually like to learn the genders in german , but for some reason , i can not retain them as easy as i did with french ( and many , many times , french and spanish had the opposite gender for the same thing , so it was n't exactly easy ) . 
  i guess that i am older now and , therefore , it takes longer to get used to it . 
  also , as nelson mandela said `` if you talk to a man in a language he understands , that goes to his head . 
  if you talk to him in his language , that goes to his heart . '', 
  i find that even if germans can speak a better english than i do , they also feel `` out of home '' . 
  sometimes i even feel uncomfortable , because my sole presence makes them switch to some not-so-confortable scenario , speaking english . 
  i prefer them to speak german , even if i only understand half of the conversation , i feel much more bequem . 
  if you really want to integrate in germany , learning german is mandatory . 
  if you do n't mind , then with english you can do fine in many fields . 
  as spaniard learning german , i can relate . 
  `` ok , eonesdespero , you want to say that you went to the cinema with my bicycle . 
  so , remember , it has an auxiliary verb , so the main verb goes at the end of the sentence . 
  the tekamolo rule , so i guess that with my bicycle comes first . 
  ok , now , fahrrad was femenine . 
  masculine . 
  no wait , fahrrad was neutral . 
  i guess that it is neutral . 
  das fahrrad , yes , it sounds good . 
  goddamnit , it also sounds good . 
  i will stick with das fahrrad , because it is a thing ( well , der tish and der stuhl are also things ... ) . 
  i have gone to the cinema , but the cinema is not a public facility , right ? 
  and i went inside . . so i guess that i can say . . in ? 
  i think so . 
  it is an action of movement , so in rules ... ... akkusativ , yes . '', 
  - ... - ... ( oh , my goodness , i forgot to put the verb ! ), 
  - remember , movement and transition verbs make the perfekt with sein and not haben . 
  csqp has said clearly that no . 
  and for the rest , while there are some , i do n't think 50 % +1 vote is enough for something as important as an unilateral declaration . 
  one would expect at least a 55-60 % to be clear . 
  for perspective , changing any of the core articles of the constitution requires , among other things , two votes of at least 2/3 in favor . 
  i think that we are not seeing a clear yes or no , despite what people want to read , so extreme measures are out of place , in my opinion . 
  i do n't think c and pp will make a coalition because , c is feeding of the ex-voters of pp and the first rule is `` make them see that you are different , otherwise they will go back to where the came from '' . 
  could the pp win ? 
  it could , but i think that in any case they will rule in minority with occasional support of c in some policies . 
  or they could make a pact pp+psoe . 
  i do n't see it so far from reality , since they both are two faces of the same coin . 
  they also said that they would support the unilateral declaration iif the secessionist forces could gather more than 50 % of the votes , since they counted the election as plebiscite . 
  i think that the other redditor has no doubt about that the cup is completely pro-indep. , but about what they said . 
  as i said in another comment : they complained for the general elections , when the pp earned a majority with far less than 50 % . 
  anyway , i do n't speak about the political leaders , but the voters . 
  they complained for the general elections , when the pp earned a majority with far less than 50 % . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  i hope they do n't . 
  like the pp in the last elections . 
  they have a far less than 50 % of the votes and rule with the power of 51 + % for me , the solution is clear : change our shitty electoral law . 
  in my opinion , both . 
  a lot of the people in the pro side complained about the electoral law in the general elections . 
  on the other hand , people who vote mainly pp and psoe , now complains that in catalonia , with less than 50 % of the votes , they have a majority , when in spain , the pp , with around the same percentage of votes than jxs + cup is ruling with majority . 
  the exact same case . 
  i feel both sides are being very hypocritical . 
  i , myself , feel consistent : i think that the law should be changed , because it should be a more direct representation of the votes . 
  i said that in the general elections and i say it here . 
  edit : typo . 
  i find something very interesting out of this voting . 
  people usually claim that the way we distribute the seats in spain is unfair and want to change the law , because it provides too much extra power to the big parties , taking it away from the small parties , and thus not being proportional to votes . 
  or defending it because it creates more stability . 
  in this case , we have a case in which , according to the [ parlament ] ( http://resultats.parlament2015.cat/09au/dau09999cm_l4.htm ) ( as for the time when i am writing it , which could change ) , the two independentist parties have more than 50 % of the seats and less than 50 % of the votes . 
  and now , people are defending the opposite view about the electoral law , just because it fits to them , in both sides of the discussion . 
  anyway , cup said that they would only support the jxs proposal if they both together gather more than 50 % of the votes . 
  it is going to be a very interesting month . 
  p.s : and , for the context , jxs + cup have less seats ( 72 ) than in the previous legislature ( 74 ) . 
  cup has increased a lot , but the coalition of jxs is weaker than the sum of their parts . 
  yeah , but those are poor people . 
  they choose to be poor anyway . 
  who cares anyway ? 
  so , it is my fault for writing something and not being able to see the future to know the redditor i am answering is going to change something , about which i speak in my following comment in the thread , when he notifies that he has added a second chart , which was n't present at the beginning . 
  it is not that i refused to acknowledge that chart ( which , by the way , support my point ) , i just do it after it is posted . 
  your comment is senseless , it does n't matter how many times i read it . 
  what the heck are you talking about ?
