  because nothing else matters . 
  as you wish , but the thing is , in eu , nowadays the civil partnerships have n't the same rights . 
  not to mention in the large amount of countries where they do n't even exist . 
  if you want to be treated as a foreigner , that 's true . 
  spanish ( native ) , english , french and i am learning german ( b1 .2 at the moment , more or less ) and japanese ( a1 .2 at most ) . 
  well , then we have nothing more to say each other . 
  have a nice day . 
  the self-sustainability with regards to food and to the energy has to be a main point in the eu . 
  because the only freedom to decide comes when you do not need other people , who can punish you for your decisions . 
  sometimes , it is worth to `` pay more '' if that `` payment '' guarantee your freedom . 
  there are things to be changed in the eu , a lot of bureaucracy to get rid off , etc. 
  needlessly to say . 
  while i agree that the uk contributes to the eu , and i never meant to negate it , i just wonder if the cons overcome the pros or not . 
  i am a fan of league of legends . 
  recently , a famous team called tsm has benched one of the public 's favourite and best support players in the whole north america scene , xpecial . 
  at the very first glance it has no sense . 
  he is arguably the best among the best . 
  the thing is , his attitude was n't fitting with the ones of the rest of his team . 
  sometimes , even if you are really good , the team spirit is more important that the individual contribution . 
  therefore , i wonder if the individual contribution of the uk ( which is big , needlessly to say ) is worth , or not , its will to hinder the construction of this `` team spirit '' among the eu or if that team spirit would lead to a more cohesive and dynamic eu which , in the long term , benefits all the europeans . 
  wow , dude , i think you are taking it a bit too far away . 
  i found that we could n't agree and we were arguing a bit `` hard-mode '' / `` circle-jerk mode '' , but i never meant to insult you directly . 
  if i did , i am sorry for that . 
  but , wow , relax yourself a bit . 
  in spain , for example , the constitutional court established the validity of the pro 's argument which holds that having the same name is important so the legislators can not make distinctions , just legislate about marriage , with independence of the gender of the members of the couple . 
  now a days , in spain there is only marriage . 
  it does n't matter the kind of marriage , they have exactly the same rights , like adoptions , which is not a right in many other countries in europe which only have civil partnerships . 
  it is nowadays proven that the different denominations lead to differences on the rights . 
  i do n't know . 
  this people believe that in the interracial marriage should be called with other name ? 
  well , you know . 
  when everybody doubts of the quality of your job because of nationality you have to prove yourself . 
  you suggested that probably i work that much because i am not as good as other , i tell to you what is my job so you can see this is not my issue . 
  it is not like i came up with this for no reason . 
  you just questioned my quality . 
  i bet that if i had a german flag you would have though `` oh man , this guy works really hard ! '' . 
  and not , my comment was related with another redditor 's comment about how the older generation think about `` laziness '' of the immigrants . 
  if you are going to join a conversation , at least make sure that you know what are we speaking about . 
  edit : but anyway , if your whole point is that i am just not efficient , instead of speaking about the prejudgments , you are just proving what i wanted to say , so i do n't have anything else to be add to the conversation . 
  have a nice day !, 
  yes , sure . 
  i think i am leaving the conversation , because this is pointless . 
  we started discussing about immigration and we ended speaking about editing comments . 
  when one run out of arguments , it is common to try to deviate the conversation and to put all the possible excuses to do that . 
  so , yeah , have a nice day !, 
  p.s : yes , because i represent all the spanish people . 
  so even in the case i would have lied , you are legitimate to say that all the spaniards are lairs . 
  good point . 
  it says quite a lot about your vision of immigration . 
  it is just a way to speak . 
  i am not speaking about the quality of the work , but staying 10 hours instead of 8 , for whatever reason , it is still a sacrifice , so it is pointless to say `` they are lazy '' `` they do n't want to make a sacrifice '' . 
  if we are slower , we sacrifice more personal time to do the same work , but we do it . 
  doing your job , at whatever cost is not laziness , at least form my point of view . 
  p.s : i work in investigation for one of the most important centers in germany in my field . 
  if i were n't good enough , they would n't keep me . 
  at the very beginning , a lot of people was hesitant , but this is no longer an issue , because i have proven myself . 
  i just find not fair at all the first stage of the process , when everybody is hesitant just because i am from spain . 
  edit : and it is not as easy as a `` culture '' issue . 
  it is way more complex and , in order to analyse it properly , requires a deep knowledge on the situation of some country . 
  i would n't speak about finland because i do n't know how the country works , but i find a lot of people willing to judge spain and to give solutions when they do n't understand the problems . 
  worst excuse ever . 
  i have never modified a comment older than 5 minutes , and always because i find grammatical mistakes , since english is not my mother language . 
  i dare you to prove i have changed anything in my argumentation . 
  protip : you ca n't . 
  integration does not mean homogenization . 
  would you say that punks or heavies are not integrated in the society because they listen other music , they wear other clothes and they have other ideas ? 
  integration means to be able to live in the community and within its laws without problems . 
  to live in the community with harmony . 
  it implies to learn the language , to learn the laws , the social agreement , etc. 
  it does not mean to become the `` prototype citizen '' of that country , because not even the citizen are similar . 
  sometimes i found myself more in agreement with groups of immigrants than with the ruling party in my country . 
  if you want the homogenization , then you will have a problem , because people is not something you can manipulate as you want . 
  you just ca n't remove the ideas of the people because you do n't like them . 
  as long as the follow the laws , i do n't mind how they live . 
  it is their live , not mine . 
  that 's why i do n't have any problem with the immigration . 
  i know not everybody is willing to eat the same things i eat , listen the same music , see the same films , vote the same parties or think the same . 
  and i do not pretend them to change . 
  the people within one country is really heterogeneous and they were really different way before the immigration panic . 
  i have heard that before : <, 
  woah . 
  one of the most complicates political situation in the past decade and you can resume it in two lines . 
  amazing . 
  but no . 
  at the very beginning it was true , but the movement was taken by the extremist groups , most of them linked directly with neonazis associations , in many cases they even have the same name . 
  which is plain stupid , i have to say . 
  spaniards we also have the same topic in other countries . 
  i am now living in germany and i have seen that before . 
  but , you know the true ? 
  i am the one who makes the coffee in the morning for the office , for i usually am the first in my bureau and i drink the last cup , for i am usually the last who leave the office . 
  i am pretty sure there are many spaniards who are lazy , just as much as germans , british or french . 
  saying such a things only proves a completely lack of information of the old generations of our countries . 
  i have heard this argument before , in the mouth of my own old generation , when there is a wave of immigrants coming from africa . 
  so , a subsaharian immigrant cross the mediterranean to come to spain to live from the aid policies ? 
  it just makes no sense . 
  they want to earn money to send it to their extremely poor families for them to survive . 
  they come here to work really hard , and they do . 
  but they also need help . 
  need help with the language , need help learning the new laws of the country , need help understanding the new structures , etc. 
  so when the countries just fail to deliver this required assistance , then there is problems .
