  being old does n't mean to be confined and wishing to die . 
  there are people at 70 who are in a worse state than some at their 80 . 
  when life expectancy increases , it usually means a better well-being for people at the previous `` limit '' . 
  who do you think lives better , a 50 y.o. 
  person one century ago or someone at 70 today ? 
  life expectancy increases because we are able to develop the technology to avoid successive problems . 
  that was my surprise when i first came to germany and started to travel through the neighbor countries . 
  as spaniard , i though that richer countries would have a so much better system but not so much for now , which is worrisome . 
  i never understood that . 
  okay , you have to kill anakin but you loved him as a brother so you cry . 
  but you left him to die in the most painful way instead of just executing him ? 
  what kind of monster you are ? 
  you think you smoke too much ? 
  how sweet . 
   and sorry but rape exist in every country to much lesser extent in some but this is unfortunate reality , you perceive reality without victim blaming . 
  rape exists in every country , but not in every country so much people think that it is the fault of the victim in the sightliest . 
   there is nothing about miniskirts in this question . 
  the question is as vague as possible . 
  the title is editorialized they could simply mean that women should think more about being safe , so victim-blaming : `` i am not saying that you deserved it , but if you had wore more modest clothes ... '' what a shitty country / culture if women have to think twice what to wear for not being raped , is n't it ? 
  yes , we do . 
  but we can also hate the hypocrites . 
  i hope you are wrong , but i can not deny it . 
  sure , if you want to look it that way . 
  china has a lot of investments in more than just barcelona . 
  i am sure that france will gladly put extra money in their coastal cities to cope with the redirection of the traffic to very close cities in spanish and french sores . 
  or , even , you know , they push a bit to mas and he will relax the speech and begging the backpedal . 
  of course , that is if barcelona got independent along with the rest of catalonia . 
  in the case of a referendum , i see each one of the provinces voting independently and , historically , barcelona has n't been the most indepedentist one . 
  even more , all the previous thoughts are just in the case spain does not the same that thatcher did and place the tanks in the diagonal , which could also happen . 
  but , anyway , these are * castillos en el aire * . 
  i wish i could see it so clearly as some people here . 
  i can not predict the future . 
  edit : a word . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  i am not from any of the castille , but i guess that i fall into that group , because for the catalan media , we are all `` spaniard = castilian '' . 
  so i will give my honest opinion about the issue : i , for one , think that raw babies are the best with hamburger bread . 
  we are spaniards . 
  we are used to get blamed for anything . 
  even when other parts of spain blames spain too , including catalonia . 
  we are a country which is the embodiment of the `` i am not like the other girls '' . 
  catalan people are spanish people , that is why there is a discussion about some of them who do n't want to keep being . 
  who are the `` spanish people '' anyway ? 
  galizian ? 
  andalusian ? 
  aragonese ? 
  basque ? 
  castilian ? 
  canarian ? 
  the spanish people are , by definition , the sum of the previous . 
  the use the trick of `` spanish people '' as an homogeneous group ( which in the catalan media seem to wish the utter destruction of the poor , oppressed catalan population ) to make a clear `` us vs them '' . 
  if they do n't want to keep being a part of the spanish group , fine , see you . 
  i always supported the referendum to decide , albeit i oppose the indepedentism . 
  but stop generalizing about us , thank you . 
  we are not homogeneous and some of us are quite pride about the diversity of our country . 
  in the latest centuries , probably the spanish civil war and the franco 's dictatorship . 
  nowadays , being in the eu means quite a lot . 
  that is why china pushed greece so hard to not do a grexit , because they have just bought a port in greece and , out of the eu , is basically useless . 
  germany could n't ( i do n't know if it changed already or not ) use their army either outside without international approval . 
  somebody said it was not possible . 
  i do n't think it is an acceptable solution , however it is not only possible but had happened before . 
  isis has tons of money to buy fake passports and plane tickets . 
  why would they risk their human resource in a dangerous travel ? 
  training a combatant costs thousands and the safe route hundreds . 
  mortadelo y filem\u00f3n is my favourite spanish comic . 
  i know others , but never really read them . 
  i never get into it . 
  however when my father was young , they were really popular . 
  it is a reference to my autocorrector . 
  in spain , asterix and obelisk are very famous , and so they are other french comics such as lucky luck or tintin . 
  we are the old world , but said we are not ready for the party ? 
  it is impossible to get bored in this continent . 
  the spanish government would treat it like an internal issue , as there is a law to actually suspend the autonomy . 
  additionally , what would catalonia do ? 
  they would have at most the mossos d'escuadra , because only spain has an army . 
  and police here is not militarized like in the usa . 
  or maybe part of the army would align with them to stop the occupation . 
  nobody knows and hopefully nobody do something so stupid . 
  then again , our president is stupid . 
  they would deploy the army , arrest the president and the political leaders and suspend the autonomy of catalonia , which would be governated from madrid until the order were restored . 
  there would be no need to bomb anything . 
  it would be a military intervention , not a war . 
  probably the military would be only needed if the police were not able to do the job because of the regional police . 
  i dont like the idea at all , but it is sadly not only possible but also not so improbable , moreso with the current government . 
  mind you that the previous president , zapatero , was suspicious about a plot of the military in regard to the catalonia situation . 
  it could happen that some military interpret their oath in a weird way and deploy the trops . 
  it is sadly not the first time we would have seen it . 
  you are hoping too much then . 
  at least in what is related to the pp . 
  who was that ? 
  i remember something about margaret tathcher and some tanks in ireland . 
  not saying it is an acceptable solution , but stating it would never happen or had not happened before ... 
  the most probable thing before a military intervention is that mas ends up in jail , as the central government have the power to revoke the autonomy . 
  as i was implying in my comment . 
  in sweden they have a monarchy and they are probably better than most of the world in terms of democracy . 
  where did i state the opposite ? 
  when reading an article , unless they are really into it , people do n't pay much attention to the details . 
  pick a random stranger in the street and ask that person which are the numbers for random countries . 
  if they state the numbers correctly , please inform them that they are doing better than half of my students , who still get confused when they have to read a logarithmic graph . 
   ofcourse , they could 've avoided all potential misinterpretations with a simple list of countries with numbers by their names . 
  they did on purpose .
