  at least this one does n't seem to be the work of a pyromaniac , which is sadly the case most of the times . 
  the same in spain . 
  until the fire is literally eating the house , people stay to help the firefighters . 
  that is why this wildfire , which has spread so aggressively due to the high temperatures is so deadly . 
  if i am not wrong , spain has also send the ume . 
  those are sadly among the best firefighters , because of the amount of experience . 
  i hope they can be of help , but the fire is so big and the conditions are so unfavorable , that i do n't expect the fire to be controlled in at least one or two days . 
  i wish to be proven wrong , however . 
  hopefully no more victims will be counted , now that people realized how dangerous it is to stay . 
  i do n't know much about this specific instance . 
  i was just talking about the general situation , because this is repeated every single summer and it is very sad . 
  probably best motto of any military unit in the world . 
  costa da morte is awesome , in the original sense of the word . 
  budapest is such a beautiful city as a whole . 
  i loved it . 
  in summer , the iberian peninsula burns . 
  and , even sadder is the fact that most of those fires are human created and many are intentional . 
  he was yelled at because he went . 
  may was n't because she was too afraid of the bad photos to fulfill her duty as a leader , which sometimes means to be yelled at . 
  i agree . 
  there is no perfect system . 
  i am sure that plenty of things can be improved in france . 
  i live and work in germany , so that is the system i know the most . 
  my intention was to remark that , having to decide between nice figures for unemployment and nice figures for quality of employment , for me the last is more important ( being the former still important too , of course ) . 
  yes , by their own will . 
  the bill has to be approved by each country . 
  nobody but finland has imposed such limits and nobody but finland was in charge of achieving the goals and , now , nobody but finland will vote in their own parliament if they agree with making legally binding the self imposed limits . 
  and it is not . 
  the fact that the this news exists is the consequence of that . 
  each country place their own limit and only it can enforce it , as the agreement has absolutely no way to do it . 
  like any other piece of binding legislation in the eu . 
  the eu has approved it , just like the title states . 
  for the record , restricting the right to light matches in powder storages is a piece of legislation i would support too . 
  why is it so misleading ? 
  i could not find anything in the article . 
  they did n't have to , as you imply , but they did . 
  they also expelled the all the jewish people in both castile and aragon , in 1492 , with the edict of granada . 
  in fact , the inquisition was originally created to investigate the converted jews to make sure they did not practice their all traditions . 
  i guess that having religious zealots as kings and queens bring this kind of policy . 
  i see . 
  yes , so what ? 
  do you think he converted a lot of people ? 
  christianity was forbidden in the roman empire until the year 313 . 
  and even after that , it took quite a long time to settle up to be the biggest religion . 
  because it is not a catholic place . 
  it is a public space . 
  it has nothing to do with a church or a cathedral . 
  it is a public space and the statute of the virgin mary is just there , like any other monument . 
  i do n't think his argument is good or has any sense for this conversation , but he is not wrong stating that granada has been muslim for a longer period that it has been christian . 
  just because christianity started to spread over the roman empire it does n't mean that it reached all places or that it reached all places at the same time . 
  so now being muslim is being an illegal ? 
  wtf is wrong with you , people ? 
  do you still have a grasp over concepts and reality or are you already too far down the hole ? 
  all of them ? 
  even those born and raised in granada ? 
  why should they leave ? 
  as an adopted son of the alhambra , i think you are the one who should fuck off . 
  we have had a sizable community of muslims for a very long time and we have lived in peace . 
  i think that we we do n't need is people like you , whatever the religion or ideology they have . 
  and they said that spanish people were living above their possibilities and that caused the crisis . 
  very low % and decreasing . 
  the crisis and the measurements to tackle it surely destroyed the economy . 
  germany is a case of its own , when it comes to trade . 
  germany exports the equivalent of 45 % of its gdp and almost 70 % of that goes into european countries . 
  i would prefer to have a rather high unemployment than making up the statistics with minijobs or zero hour contracts . 
  for me , the statistic of unemployment is just a piece of the whole puzzle . 
  the quality of the new employment is as important , if not more . 
  decorative , mainly . 
  exactly the same as with the [ queen 's guards . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/buckingham-palace-guard-11279634947g5ru.jpg ), 
  decorative , mainly . 
  exactly the same as with the [ queen 's guards . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/buckingham-palace-guard-11279634947g5ru.jpg ), 
  as unamuno said ( as good as i can translate the quote ) :  to win is not to convince . 
   you will win because you have the might . 
  but you wo n't convince because you lack the reason . 
  for me , [ a halfling is something very different . 
  ] ( https://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/warhammerfb/images/a/ac/halflings.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20151221034058 ), 
  we are so poor in spain that we can not buy new uniforms , so they have to use the old ones , even if they are too small . 
  that is how many revolutions begin . 
  the first stage of what is nowadays known as the french revolution begun with a very modest attempt to reform the system , but keeping things like the power of the king intact . 
  yeah ... 
   -20 \u00b0 c i do n't think even during the ice age it was that cold in the canary islands . 
  the ministry of time will never let you use the doors to change history like that . 
  also , salazar was a fascists and he was also being pressured by hitler to join . 
  he did n't for the same reason that franco did n't , because if the war was lost , they would have been ousted from power too . 
  that `` shit-rectangle '' has had a major impact in world history and has been a military and commercial force to reckon with for most of it . 
  however , it was interrupted during the iberian union . 
  that is why we can not have nice things . 
  i do n't think you can evaluate something that has lasted for several centuries and say that `` it has been good for both countries '' . 
  what does it even mean ? 
  the alliance worked sometimes ( for example , in the war against spain and france ) and there are other in which they did n't . 
  the alliance did n't prevent portugal and england to fight each other from time to time either . 
  tldr : there is not single line summary of a multi century institution . 
  i am just saying that we do n't need to import atlantic breeze . 
  just get it from huelva or cadiz . 
   how did people survive this before ac and fans existed ? 
  fans have existed since the very beginning . 
  i bet it was the technology that allowed humans to explore these lands . 
  canary islands have the perfect temperature all year long .
