  and you are not helping much . 
  more like not crying but remaining silent , they probably would try to justify how it would be a very good thing for europe , because of the calling effect , etc. 
  or anyone , not only a child . 
  are we seriously discussing about if this is correct or not ? 
  is this the new level of humanity ? 
  `` yes , i kicked that girl , but at least i did n't shoot her ! '', 
  shut up , you random hungarian person . 
  we know more about the daily live in your country than you do . 
  i certainly do not know the law in hungary specifically . 
  in other countries , it is forbidden . 
  people understood that mob lynching is not a good idea . 
  because she was doing journalism , independently on the source . 
  well , more like pretending to do . 
  the girl was dangerous . 
  she had one of those hello kitty brushes and could injure you . 
  according to what we have to read in this subreddit in other threads , that woman is fulfilling half europe 's wet dream . 
  if taking some photos is what it takes to make people move and help other societies around the world ... 
  i think it is worth , is n't it ? 
  do us a favor , read your own nickname , and stop being a loser . 
  yeah , if i have to choose between a syrian and you , who do not consider that kicking someone 's running with a kid in arms shows a complete lack of humanity , i definitively would choose the syrian . 
  at least the syrian may be a good person . 
  you are n't . 
  even the police , who were hunting them down to arrest them , are like `` wtf is wrong with your brain , you bastard ? '', 
  except it was a clear intrusion of a foreign country with the result of a death man even . 
  and only 30 years ago . 
  were jean-luc kister and minister charles hernu convicted at the time ? 
  i can not find the information , but i bet that they were n't . 
  let 's not forget , as it is said in the article , that france , after bombing a non-combatant vessel in the harbor of a friendly nation killing a civilian , france ** threatened ** nz to forget about their legal system and release two of the murderers or face economic sanctions . 
  that is also fucked up too . 
  `` hey , i know we have just done something very badly . 
  but you better find this apology sufficient and release our agents or else '' . 
  that sounds like a bully . 
  yeah , i guess why the kiwis are still upset about it . 
  yes . 
  sure . 
  no offense , but whoever has selected it , has n't traveled too much . 
  i think your endless nights are the issue of your winter depression and alcoholism . 
  and , sadly , that is not going to change : <, 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  i think that is the only way the referendum would be fair . 
  after all , we are speaking about changing fundamentally people 's rights and i do n't think that two or three regions should obligate the others to secede . 
  p.s : `` break free '' , like if barcelona were not free nowadays . 
  for example . 
  why not ? 
  at the end of the day , people should decide if they want to leave or not , not because their neighbors want . 
  is n't it the whole point of the referendum to begin with ? 
  if the unity of spain is not something to be preserved , why should catalonia 's one be ? 
  i think , because i have family and friends there , that the independent movement is very heterogeneous in catalonia and i do n't understand why should not reflect that fact . 
  it was just a joke . 
  i do n't have any formed opinion on the issue , actually . 
  i am another redditor . 
  i just happen to learn the same thing while being spanish too :p, 
  actually , that is a very big issue . 
  barcelona , for example , is way less independentist than the rest of catatonia . 
  i am in favor of a referendum . 
  however , different regions should be able to have different results . 
  i do n't get why if in some parts they do n't want to secede , they would have too because in other places they want . 
  since it seems that unity of countries is not an issue , i have been always confused about why catalonia 's one seems to be sacred . 
  switzerland had agreements . 
  a new catalonia would need years , if they finally are allowed . 
  so , for years there would n't be erasmus to or from the hypothetical catalonia . 
  the un would probably have a stake , in favor of against , but nobody would care because , you know , it is the un . 
  ok , that is nice . 
  today i learnt too . 
  thank you . 
  maybe because it is an ad of sabadell bank . 
  as far as i know , there is only one way to rescue someone without violating national waters of other countries . 
  well , that is your opinion . 
  i have another picture in mind . 
  the international law reclaim you to rescue people in problems in the sea . 
  italy has been warned many times for failing to do it . 
  cdu is a very important member of the epp . 
  how am i supposed to no compare them ? 
  i do n't care how people define themselves . 
  the psoe in spain stands for `` socialism '' in their name , and they have been doing the opposite in the last two decades . 
  pp in spain is also a `` center party '' , which we prefer to refer as `` far-center '' . 
  i do n't consider a right wing the opposite side of die linke . 
  die linke is in the middle of the left and far left spectrum . 
  just to compare . 
  are the european people 's party or the tories right wing in your book ? 
  because in my book , they are . 
  on the other hand , what is spd then , for you ? 
  in my book , they are a left wing party . 
  i will read and think about that . 
  thank you for your suggestion . 
  yes , it is the fault of the border countries . 
  it is not like they are acting according to the law . 
  those are far right , not just right . 
  npd is actually a neonazi party . 
  what are they , then ? 
  i do n't know how germans will call them . 
  for me , as a person living in germany , their policies are clearly european right wing . 
  they even define themselves as liberal conservatives . 
  they are a member of the european people 's party , which contains the biggest right wing parties in most countries . 
  how does germany have the lowest amount of votes for right wing if the cdu is ruling the country ? 
  and many other parties are right wing too . 
  as i said , if now they do n't do anything , after saying that , then they are hypocrites . 
  maybe far right is too much , i agree , but i do think it is a right wing position . 
  at least in europe , right wing and conservative are the same . 
  it is like saying republicans , who are the right wing , and conservatives in the us .
