  the election loss was already decided , but the attacks were the last nail in the coffin . 
  if i am not wrong , they lost by the largest margin they have ever lost ( taking into account that the pp has a core of voters that would n't stop voting for them no matter what ) . 
  edit : it was 90 to 75 . 
   exponentially you keep using that word , i do not think it means what you think it means . 
  most of the attackers were born in europe . 
  how is immigration going to work for that ? 
  are we going to vet immigrants with our crystal ball to check what their children might do in 30 years ? 
  i think that the eagles and the colors are wundersch\u00f6n . 
  gut . 
  germans made of examples which is very nice and austrians have made a lot of meh ones . 
  i know that you are trying to troll , but if i may give you and advice , trolling is so much more effective when you are not clearly a troll . 
  we are having problems to replace the old trolls because this new generation , your generation , is not pulling their fair share of weight . 
   the only acceptable number of kills by terrorist should be 0 . 
  sure , but the idea that this is unprecedented and that we have never seen anything like that in europe is simply not true . 
  it only serves to see that some people will always find an excuse to commit such despicable acts and that terrorism was not magically created within a religion or an ethnic group . 
  understanding a problem is a fundamental step to solve it . 
  i do n't think there is a definition for `` better '' in that case . 
  i think that both scenarios would develop different reactions in different societies . 
  combining all the years , even including 9/11 , it is not even close to the yearly count during the iraq war . 
  i am pretty sure that peace time and war time are very , very different . 
  i guess he is thinking about terra lliure , which caused 5 casualties , 4 of them being members of the organization . 
  but as other redditors have pointed out , there are more groups than just tl . 
  a bomb threat made the planes to move to other airport and a pilot had a miscommunication with his crew , thinking that he was allowed to take off when he was n't . 
  klm was found guilty and had to pay reparations . 
  i would n't consider that a terrorist attack . 
  it is sad that you can actually see the number of incidents increase again after 2004 , just after the invasion of iraq . 
  and then he went on and did n't kill anyone but himself . 
  isis is not sending us their best . 
  as we all should . 
  experts say that posting the photos and names of the terrorist might incentive others who seek that spotlight too . 
  they do not deserve that recognition and fame , anyway . 
  let 's them just rot , forgotten , in jail or hell while remembering only the victims . 
  terra lliure , a terrorist organization from catalonia carried out 200 attacks with 5 casualties and tens of injured victims . 
  the twist is that out of the 5 casualties , 4 of them were a part of the organisation . 
  even at times when the confrontation with each other is a daily routine , let 's all remember that we are all on the same side on most issues , this one specially . 
  you have our support , perfidious albion !, 
  do n't let those bastards put a dent on your moral . 
  the inverse willy fog effect . 
  now i feel the pressure , but with this face there is not much i can do . 
  in spain we have atlantic and mediterranean beaches for people to choose . 
  we have both types also up north and down south , so you can even choose the weather which fits better for you . 
  you can even go to the * tropical * canary islands and celebrate new year 's eve in the beach . 
  they all think i am too skinny and that i should eat more and that they can fry an egg if i am still hungry . 
  not even for free . 
  people seriously argument that same sex marriage `` devalues '' the worth of the traditional marriage , even if it does n't affect it at all . 
  i think both that your gathering of the main points is correct ( i wonder how many of them have , however , given so much thought about them ) and that those points are , at least wrong , and at worst purposely wrong . 
  i disagree with your comment . 
   the three most important pieces of literature ever written ( the iliad , the odyssey and the argonauts ) i do n't want to enter in a literary discussion , but this selection seems to me one created more to sound cult than to make any sense . 
  first of all , what does `` the most important pieces of literature ever written '' even mean ? 
  you might want to publish a paper about it , if you come to a quantitative conclusion . 
  while the first two are cornerstones of the western literature due to their influence , i do n't know what you are referring to the third one . 
  do you mean argonautica ? 
  do you think this is at the same level of the other two ? 
  second , it only accounts for epic literature . 
  is the iliad more important than any of the works of plato or euclid ? 
  in what sense ? 
  are they more influential to the society than the bible or the qu ` ran ? 
  finally , that of course only accounts for western civilization . 
  the four great classical novels or the works of confucius are more influential in china than the iliad and the odyssey . 
  and that is only an example . 
   are created in a dead language , and still nobody cares about language beauties that were lost in it . 
  ancient greek and latin have been taught in high schools around europe until very recently , and i think it is a pity that my parents know latin while i do n't . 
  i helps not only to understand the civilization of the time but also your very own language , if you speak one of the many romance languages or any that has been influenced by them . 
  p.s : casually , i have received some latin schoolbooks that the children of a friend have used last year , because i have always wanted to learn at least the basics . 
  the only problem is that they are for german speakers , but i think that ich schaffe das . 
  yes , that is what i wanted to say . 
  i had a slip and put lyre instead of harp . 
  i honestly think that it is a mistake to classify languages in ` useful ' and ` not useful ' . 
  not everything in life has to be seen through the lens of pure utilitarianism . 
  languages a part of a culture and a glimpse to other ways of thinking and solving the same problems . 
  if communicating were the only problem , we would get rid off all languages and simply learn esperanto . 
  i think irish is very important in the sense that it is a part of the global human culture . 
  we would be poorer if irish disappeared . 
  the same can be said for other languages , specially those in danger of extinction . 
  i simply assumed that because of the ~ ~ lyre ~ ~ harp in their logo . 
  edit : mistake . 
  i , for one , would like to ask to stop giving this asshole free press coverage . 
  it is the trump phenomenon all over again : some idiot says something , the press covers it like it is something important , the idiot has now moved the discussion to the territory he wants instead of being questioned about topics he does n't want to . 
  turkey is having a referendum and this guy will keep doing this on a daily basis and it seems that media will cover every single statement and this sub will upvote all of them . 
  do n't worry , i am completely against those barbaric practices . 
  thankfully , they are dying out pretty fast , as the new generations do n't want to carry those stupid traditions . 
  by the way , it is about time that germany gives all their citizens the same rights . 
  come on , even the us has already implemented the same sex marriage . 
  chinese immigrants , probably . 
  spain is among the green ones . 
  good . 
  he is from brittany , so clearly british , duh . 
  and that is the us flag in black and white . 
  going with the accent , dracula was clearly from west andalusia . 
  open a book , you illiterate !, 
  and dr\u00e1cula was spanish . 
  = 0 the famous homogeneous einstein 's field equations for the collision between two memes . 
  being poor or rich does n't add or subtract anything from being a refugee . 
  a doctor has the same right to be treated as a refugee as a baker . 
  as for the rest of the comment , you are simply confusing how you think it should be with what actually is . 
  i would ask you about how this is a loophole , when it is a clear cut case of a way for refugees to leave their country , just like jews escaping by boat to the us . 
  that travel was n't any less expensive and they were still refugees , despite crossing the whole ocean . 
  where in the refugee convention does it say that boats are not allowed ? 
  if they reach greece by boat , where are you going to deport them , if you can not deport them to a conflict zone ? 
  the whole point of being able to deport them to the `` previous safe country '' , as some people suggest , is that there is a previous safe country .
