  because , sometimes democracy is transformed into a dictatorship of majority . 
  and , additionally , i never said that i am not interested in the topic . 
  i do n't get why so many people get offended when i said that maybe , just maybe , since we have like `` a lot '' of countries in europe , instead of 2 news a day about an event , which is not even really defined yet and which in any case would happen in one or two years the sooner , we could reduce it to 1 news a day or , just publish something when there is something to say about it , as / r/ed __ suggested . 
  crazy ideas . 
  now i am begging to understand why some people say that the uk is to europe like the usa for the rest of reddit . 
  yeah , i guess that is the problem . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  if something important happened , like you said , a 70/30 , then it should make into the news . 
  i think that the overflow about the brexit is achieving the apathy effect . 
  i care less and less when it appears in the site , because it appears every half hour . 
  i am not saying that this is not an important topic for the uk . 
  but we have three or four news about it everyday and the earliest planning , if happens , as far as i know , is by 2016-2017 ? 
  could we wait at least to the same year to keep flooding ? 
  and also has an ethical code , just like the ioc . 
  australia did surprisingly well against spain in the last wc . 
  it is not like spain was in the finest moment , but certainly was a nice match for the aussies . 
  i never considered ford as the inventor of the car . 
  he invented a way to mass produced them , but there were already cars moving around . 
  the isaac peral invention was fully functional . 
  as the case before , the problem was that there was no method to mass produce them , but the peral 's submarine was used by the spanish armada . 
  the steam machine was invented and patented in spain by jer\u00f3nimo de ayanz y beaumont , but it seems like the government thought it was not something that useful and its usage was limited to few fields . 
  then , it was introduced in the uk and boom , the industrial revolution happened . 
  as a man who had to go abroad to earn a future , i find your comment quite offensive . 
  do you mean that we have to accept the fate of being born in some places by chance ? 
  p.d : may they are not in danger , but they are poor and hungry , that i can tell to you . 
  they are not the poorer , but they are poor . 
  madrid anthem and flag have a funny history , tho . 
  the first viable submarine , as far as i know , was invented by isaac peral and the first submersible was used in toledo , with charles v as witness . 
  i do n't know in other countries , but in spain they send money back to their families . 
  crossing the mediterranean is not cheap and it is deadly in many cases . 
  when they can ( they receive papers ) , they usually bring their family . 
  why would you say what you said ? 
  do you really think they do that on purpose ? 
  what mass murder are you speaking about ? 
  actually , ciu , which is the `` leader '' of the independence process , was funded as monarchist and still has that line ( for example , they voted against a proposition to make a referendum over the monarchy ) . 
  at least it was the case with juan carlos i. 
  with felipe the whatever , i am not sure what is the position . 
  i think that there is a difference between reform the labor market and sell the people to the market . 
  everybody wants to make sacrifices to improve the situation , but nobody is willing to be sacrificed for a few . 
  anyway , what is the alternative to podemos ? 
  the pp ? 
  i think that spain is a second class country in europe precisely for parties like that . 
  i do n't know how podemos will do , but surely can not be worse . 
  implying that not every country votes for sympathy . 
  i found the russian submarine in the photo !, 
  with the reduction of the military , i think you mean that they did n't bought those planes ? 
  at least , that is the only thing similar that i am aware of , but i am not an expert nor i live in switzerland , so it could be . 
   the last time europe moved rightward during a crisis , literal nazism and genocides ensued . 
  that is what i am saying , humorously . 
  when europe decide to go right , there 's no stopping !, 
  people nowadays can not understand how germans swallow the hitler 's pill , in the future , people wo n't understand how we swallowed our current pill . 
  we do believe that we dwell `` at the end history '' , but history will judge us , and will concur that we let people get away with the assassination of our welfare state . 
  no genocide , ( almost ) no nazism , but a flow of propaganda and brainwashing . 
  it is always easier to distinguish the propaganda you are not surrounded with . 
  when the crisis strike , europe lends towards the right . 
  happened before . 
  no , really . 
  you only have to pay a visit to any forum to find people saying that they are not going to vote labour for an additional decade due to the iraq war . 
  not only david cameron . 
  the people of the uk that have just voted for him want it too . 
  not really . 
  muscle weights much , much more than fat . 
  [ this is the comparison between one kilogram of fat and one kilogram of muscle ] ( http://www.thewellnessgroove.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2529_1kg_fat_vs_1kg_muscle_700.jpg ) that is why when you start to work up you gain weight instead of losing it , but you see yourself thiner and thiner in some parts . 
  but bread and something to put in , and pasta , or frozen pizza is . 
  it is not like you can not eat healthy being poor , tho , but a good piece of meat cost twice or thrice than the frozen bread sort-of-chicken-breast . 
  a piece of fish where i live here in germany cost 4 $ / 350g and it is the cheapest i have found fresh . 
  you can only buy cheaper if you buy frozen shit . 
  i eat a lot of tomatoes and broccoli , because they are cheap , but when you try to go out those two things , the prices increase quite dramatically . 
  i can not but believe that the raw data can lead to false conclusions . 
  first , i do n't know what is defined as `` obese '' in this case ( because it is not specified , which is a mistake ) , but usually it means being over a certain value of the bmi . 
  the bmi is aimed to fit well for a certain range of weight and height , and fail pretty terrible when moving away from it ( specially in height , since it scales with the inverse of the square of it ) . 
  so , if we take the definition of the [ who ( which is suppose to be the source anyway )  ( http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs311/en/ )  the who definition is :  - a bmi greater than or equal to 25 is overweight . 
   - a bmi greater than or equal to 30 is obesity . 
  it means that in countries in which the average height is higher , there will be an overestimation of the obesity and vice versa in the case of countries with short people . 
  actually , i think that all the countries have one with the same design . 
  at least , i have seen the same for many countries . 
  in france , it is forbidden to name a pig as napoleon . 
  and probably someone changed his vote . 
  in every single elections in spain , there is always stories of malpractices . 
  in the past elections , representatives of the current government party , ( pp ) , were caught in many colleges putting a paper of the pp inside the envelops . 
  why ? 
  in spain , you vote by putting the paper of a party in an envelop , that is your vote . 
  you pick one of the table and put it in . 
  if you have two papers of two different parties , your vote is nullified . 
  however , if you have two of the same party , it counts . 
  therefore , by putting a paper of the pp directly , if someone does n't notice it , his/her vote would only count if it was a vote for the pp . 
  in galizia , in the north of spain , it is usually said that the `` deaths go to vote '' , because there have been a lot of scandals of death people whose vote magically appear . 
  but things like that are spread around the country . 
  let 's not forget how only a third of the people who asked for mailing vote received it . 
  shit like this happens all the time . 
  telenor sounds like a character of lotr . 
  - telenor !, 
  tell me what your elvish eyes can see !, 
  - everything is lagging . 
  you say the usa `` is not hindered '' . 
  i heard `` not required to cooperate '' . 
  therefore , i do n't see how the interest of the usa will ever align with the ones of the eu . 
  we are required to cooperate with russia , whether you like it or no . 
  additionally , i live in germany and you would be surprise how many people thinks that the russian stand is not that crazy . 
  i find amusing the thing about germany and the military role , since the usa is the only ally that still hold the restriction over germany 's army .
