  you are right . 
  but my point stand . 
  these people are the ones that we see on television , as i have seen schulz a lot . 
  we need people that can unite us , not divide us even more . 
  deep in my heart , it is . 
  that was actually interesting to read . 
  thank you . 
  edit : i recalled a very good article about this topic of inequality and its origins : http://piketty.blog.lemonde.fr/2016/03/06/inequality-in-america/ and to think that between 1940 and 1980 the taxes for the top averaged 80 % in america and over 90 % in the uk , coincidentally with the so called `` golden age '' of economics and the creation of the middle class ... 
  i wonder if this crazy idea of `` wealth redistribution '' had something to do with it !, 
  how do you explain that a us subprime crisis has become a decade long crisis for the whole europe and many countries are still far away from their levels pre-crisis ? 
  the spanish economic bubble was created by the right ( pp ) with their marvelous new floor law that allowed speculation without control of the state , because that kind of `` interventionism '' would kill the market . 
  spain had one of the lowest public debts , but it had to transform private debt into public debt by rescuing the banks because the right wing government in the eu and the right wing governments of countries like germany , thought that spending money when you need to reactive the economy is for commies , like obama , that cut the us crisis to only two years . 
  why not rescue the people and let the banks fail ? 
  they said we needed to rescue the banks so the credit could flow again , but we could have made the credit flow directly with oversight of the governments . 
  they say that giving the money to the banks was better , because the market is wise and they know how to solve the problems , however , the credit never flow because the banks used the money to pay their debts to other banks first ( and , of course , pay shareholders and executives ) . 
  we ultimately rescued the banks because neoliberalism consist in privatizing the profits and socializing the losses . 
  privatize everything that is profitable , keep only what is n't . 
  make the public healthcare worse , so we can finally get our hands to it . 
  it worked wonders for the us !, 
  that is the current european right for you . 
  no , thank you . 
  and i am not only lashing against the traditional right wing parties here . 
  there is basically no left party left . 
  the psoe sold its soul . 
  they are the same as the pp , just using red instead of blue . 
  i am unaware of a single party in power in europe that pushes for real left wing policies . 
  it is an insult that people vote for neoliberals and call themselves capitalists . 
  any capitalist would cry if they saw a state rescuing a bank in the name of the `` markets '' . 
  just like `` globalization '' , which has been caused by `` the left '' , despite being originally created to take away power from union workers . 
  decades ago , only `` hippies '' , union workers and `` commies '' protested against it . 
  nowadays , trump is going to take down the very foundation of his own fortune . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  if neoliberal policies do not work , double the bet . 
  at some point they have to work , right ? 
  well , bismark allegedly ( please , note the allegedly , no answers about it , ok ? ), 
  said :  i am firmly convinced that spain is the strongest country of the world . 
  century after century trying to destroy herself and still no success . 
  this is no country for sane people . 
  absolutely agree . 
  the role is n't very important ? 
  we are living through times of brexit , trump luring eu countries to leave the union , raise of nationalism and the likes , and what we desperately need are some proper politicians in the tv to keep the whole thing together , not homophobic clowns . 
  we had a savoya king too !, 
  just one . 
  he left after 3 years because spanish people were ungovernable . 
   he is n't an anti-gay activist , he is against civil unions . 
  many people are . 
  in france , we 're about to vote for a president who voted against the decriminalization of homosexuality and who has said recently that `` abortion was unacceptable '' for him personnally . 
  i already feel more proud to be european !, 
  not only we have an homophobe as eu president , we could have one for the second economy in the eu !, 
  yes , because alienating million of people across the union will help to tie us together . 
  nothing like hearing that your beloved ones who happen to be homosexual are basically abominations that corrupt children to feel proud to be european !, 
  it still amazes me that now the right wing has taken over the anti-globalist movement , when it was the hippies and the union workers who fought against it before . 
  globalization was a neoliberal movement to counter the power of unions , by moving the productions to places where workers had no rights , but somehow they are going to solve it by applying more of the same doctrine . 
  `` taxes are too high on the rich people ! '', 
  but during the `` golden years '' of the economy , the marginal top wealth was taxed at 90 % !, 
  and colleges were free !, 
  and the president of the us was about to pass a second bill of rights , which included health care !, 
  and nobody thought that was communism !, 
  but i guess we will never know who screwed up everything so that rich people can get even richer : <, 
  maybe . 
  i will think about that . 
  it does stop to be ethnic violence when people are of the same of ethnicity , i would say . 
  it is a matter of culture , but culture and ethnicity are two completely different things . 
   current seperatism issues that is true , but it does n't have anything to do with multi-ethnicity , which was the context of my question , since the other redditor affirmed that multi-ethnic countries are a failure all over europe . 
  catalan separatists and spanish nationalist are of the same ethnicity . 
  i mean , `` half '' ( that is an exaggeration ) of current catalan population have andalusian roots and many of them are separatists too . 
   ethnic violance i may have missed that part . 
  as far as i can remember , there has n't been any remarkable incident related to ethnics . 
  sure , like in any society , there are plenty of racism and xenophobic behavior caused by some individuals , but i would n't qualify it as `` ethnic violence '' . 
  any example of what do you mean ? 
   and if i am not wrong the civil war had an ethnic part too . 
  the civil war was white people killing other white people from their own family because of ideology , with the help of even whiter people . 
  sure , the dictatorship allowed for a lot of racism , but that is hardly surprising . 
  well , yeah . 
  i understand and i wish the uk the best . 
  i do n't understand what you mean , sorry . 
  we are not doing well in what aspect ? 
  economically ? 
  socially ? 
  musically ? 
  economically , spain has had a very long depression . 
  hardly due to immigration but due to rich real state developers wanting to get richer and governments supporting them . 
  socially , i would n't say spain is bad doing poorly . 
  it is one of the last countries in europe in which the far right has n't grown an inch , refugees are still welcome ( there is even a very big banner in the middle of neptuno 's square ) , it is one of the best and safest countries for homosexuals . 
  i do n't know , do you care to explain a bit more what do you mean ? 
   oh yeah , it 'd be brussel 's fault for customs and passport checks ? 
  what do you suggest ? 
  it is like the ex that decide to break up with you , but then keeps trying to contact you in facebook because `` you have to do something ! '', 
  since the car that s/he took is not working properly . 
  funny how you align with the guy with the victim complex that wants to see the eu destroyed and its citizen suffering as much as possible because some random in reddit mocked him , but somehow the others are the bad guys . 
  to terabithia . 
  uk will leave the eu , not europe , so i do n't see how the pattern will change too much . 
  other destinations , such as italy and greece , are also in the eu , or are out of the eu , such as turkey or egypt , but not exactly on the top list priorities for many . 
  what about when automation will take care of those jobs and we need less humans anyway ? 
  really ? 
  how so ? 
  were we 200 years ago more literate than we will be in 200 years ? 
  in small towns and villages ? 
  you can find plenty of those in spain too . 
  care to name some ?
