  also , morocco is very close to spain and portugal and has connections with france . 
  being close to trade partners is very important to have a good economy . 
  your economy wo n't ever be good if you are only surrounded by countries doing poorly . 
  spain and france accounted in 2014 ( the last data i found ) for 37 % of morocco 's exports . 
  europe is 63 % in total . 
  also , 59 % of their imports come from europe . 
  gdp has nothing to do with income . 
  people in the ipad factory in china produce a lot of gdp and have a rather low income . 
  the most common an useful indicator for median income is the median income or the likes , which are data collected not so rarely . 
  for example , in the wikipedia ( although not the most up to date data ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_income, 
  and that is why the median is better than the mean for economic statistics . 
  for one thing , i like that median is used . 
  everyday i am even more against of using the average , instead of the median , for economic measurements . 
  it is not that the average is not useful , if you know statistics , but the problem is that most people do not have a clue , so they are easily deceived . 
  using the median solves partially the problem . 
  it changes from country to country . 
  in spain , it was last week . 
  they celebrate the victory of the pp in spain and call it centrist . 
  not even center right . 
  the pp , one of the most corrupted parties in europe regarding the number of cases , that have run their campaign in demagogy which boiled down to `` us or chaos '' . 
  what a shining example to use , wp . 
  do you know who can not catch a break in the western world ? 
  white straight men . 
  ai n't nobody have time for them ? 
  farewell , mr scrooge . 
  well , to be honest , that is winter-like temperatures in the canary islands , where my friend lives . 
  a friend of mine complained yesterday that they are also suffering the cold wave with `` cold '' temperatures of 17c . 
  i guess it depends on the dialect . 
  as far as i know , arabic dialects can be almost unintelligible for speakers of other dialects . 
  i would assume that changes like bin and ben are expected . 
  i guess like von and van , de and da , son and sen , etc, 
  i would say that it is not that in common . 
  you could find plenty of people with de , von , van , etc in their surnames , which is basically a similar feature . 
  besides the explicit ones , if i am not wrong , most surnames not related with professions or places have a similar composed meaning . 
  for example , any spanish name ending in - ez means `` son of '' : rodriguez is son of rodrigo , p\u00e9rez is son of pedro , etc. 
  an example from nordic countries could be erikson , eriksen and the likes , which mean son of erik . 
  there are probably more , but these are the first to come to my mind . 
  in english , johnson means , well , son of john . 
  also , surnames of places were originated with the `` de '' too . 
  you can usually find the two variants nowadays , albeit the ones without de are usually more common . 
  so she is for abortion of the people who can afford it , usually the people who need it the least . 
  i mean , what that all about ? 
  jews are now people ? 
  wtf . 
  her `` economical anxiety '' increases when thinking that those jews have the same rights . 
  ai n't nobody going to think about the nazis ? 
  well , but that is usually the criterion . 
  the eu impose minima not maxima . 
  why is this case different ? 
  it could depend on what is regarded as the right being limited . 
  that is surprising , because the eu sets a minimum criterion , not a maximum . 
  countries are allowed to have stricter rules , but not weaker . 
  in this case , if the nl wanted to have stricter rules about the protection of net neutrality , i would have thought that it would n't be in conflict with the eu . 
  do you know why is like that in this case ? 
  do you have a source ? 
  thank you for the information . 
  it is like french elections are an important issue for french people and publications decided to put it in their first page . 
  most of the titles are neutral . 
  a few are positive and a pair can be read in a negative or challenging way . 
  most of showed ones are right wing and/or economically liberal . 
  what does it mean market capitalisation in this context ? 
  she did poorly . 
  whether she gained more or less votes is irrelevant . 
  she was aiming for the presidency , not to improve the even worse results of his father . 
  if the election were 52-48 or something like that , i would concede that it was a close call , but 35 % is not even close to being close . 
  abstention and spoiled votes gather more support than her , which means that she is not even a majority within the disenfranchised people , she is at most the biggest minority . 
  lobbies are n't bad per se . 
  if the mps discuss everything , there will be issues where they are not aware of the full picture . 
  they want to make beneficial laws , so input from people being directly affected by them is very important . 
  lobbying is terrible when lobbies can use money or influence to coerce or persuade an mp to take a decision , instead of good reasons for the population . 
  i was in charge of designing an very expensive experiments . 
  a lot of people with very different aims come to me and `` lobbied '' to make this or that with new information and arguments i did n't know , and , at the end , i used that input in my final decision . 
  the difference with his lobbying works in some countries or entities is that nobody threatened me with getting me fired if i did not comply . 
  the first step to improve the us is repeal citizens united . 
  until that happens , i do n't foresee other fundamental changes that are required . 
  when they realise that pakistan , a country with 95 % muslim population , has nuclear weapons , and it 's nuclear programme was supported by the us , their heads are going to explode . 
  if they understand the information , of course . 
  that is sad , because that kind of brain injuries are n't going to be covered under trumpcare anymore . 
  just as a funny observation , even if 10 % of the voters changed from macron to le pen , she would have lost still by a larger margin than brexit of trump ( the last did n't win the popular vote , but you get what i mean ), 
  hopefully you are right . 
  i also do n't think that all trump supporters are like that . 
  otherwise , the us would be utterly screwed . 
  that is because , in the us , the republicans should be their left wing party and the democrats , their right wing party . 
  just take a look at the list of presidents and you see that the `` direction '' of their policies suddenly changed sides . 
  psycopaths . 
  they are simply psycopaths . 
  they lack the basic empathy that would make you think `` hey , maybe using victims in this way is not what a decent person would do '' . 
  they cheer and wish for terrorist attacks , because they want to `` be right '' . 
  they are terrorist supporters , as they pray for those to happen . 
  ok , so it seems that , at least in american english , that expression is accepted in some form . 
  i had never seen it before , that is why i asked . 
  thank you for the help . 
  we should send dr \u00d6sterreich then . 
  who are those judges that prevent our dic - president of doing whatever the fuck he wants ?? 
   so you call 50 +8 % a victory ? 
  well , trump called 46 % of the popular vote a `` landslide '' victory , when his opponent won 48 % . 
  edit : a letter . 
  well , this is the bullet that you dodged today . 
  just imagine having a president who caters to that kind of scum . 
  i read the nyt article about the sun and that bastard there ( do n't remember the name , but seems to be an important figure ) who said that the news that would bring the most joy to people in the uk would be `` corbyn stabbed by an asylum seeker '' .
