  and people , specially parents , enabling them with things like '' boys will be boys '' are promoting this to happen . 
  i hope they realise the blood in their hands and do not catch a peaceful night ever again , until they become an active force against bullying . 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
  i honestly do not understand your point or what are you trying to argument . 
  are you trying to debate that such maximum quotas are not unconstitutional ? 
  or that they are but they should n't be ? 
  or what are you trying to say ? 
  sure . 
  you can limit a lot the definition . 
  but that is not the point nor what merkel is talking about . 
  even with a narrow definition , everybody who qualifies has the right to it . 
  that amount of people being 10 or 10000 is irrelevant . 
  the limitation in number is what people is calling unconstitutional per se . 
  who qualifies , as you said , can be defined . 
  how many can not be . 
  if you have a right to something , it does n't matter if you are the number 1 or the number 100001 . 
  by one of the biggest vaccination campaigns and international collaboration in history . 
  however , i do n't think it is correct to say that it has been eradicated from nature , as there are traces of it in some special research centers . 
  there are already people claiming that mallorca is a bundesland . 
  i do n't know if we will be able to stop it . 
  so spain is the battlefield for the next anglo germanic conflict . 
  people like to take their reality for granted . 
  they do n't like to think that with a small change , their reality would be completely different , that luck plays the biggest role and that we are not the masters of our destiny , but just a captain of a boat in the middle of an storm . 
  i always like this kind of stories , about historical accidents that had such big effects . 
  i guess that he lives in here then , and that is why he is learning norwegian . 
  i though the dutch disease was other way to call the tulip crisis . 
  but you are right . 
  at least wikipedia agrees with you , so it must be true . 
  my girlfriend from galicia had the same feeling . 
  after 10 hours inside the car with the ac to freezing temperatures , we reached granada at midnight and , when she open the door , she described it as `` the same sensation of an slap of hot air when you open the oven 's door '' . 
  i do n't want to imagine what would have loved happened had we arrived at 3 pm . 
  that was the joke . 
  the guy in long sleeves ... 
  good thing this is a map of portugal then . 
  i never said it still was spanish . 
  frigo is probably the most popular brand in most of spain , which is what op seemed to not know . 
  whether at some point it was sold to other bigger company or not i think is not that relevant for my point . 
  if you are a student , you do n't need to pay to see it . 
  i saw it in reina sophia museum and , even knowing that it was big , it is very impressive . 
  i also liked the photos of the process , because you get to see he stages and the changes . 
  this was a distress call from spain to europe , to tell the world what was happening in the country . 
  they needed to capture the attention of the public . 
  there are many pieces with the same intention . 
  this one of mir\u00f3 is also very famous : [ aidez l'espagne ] ( http://www.museoreinasofia.es/sites/default/files/obras/de01116_11.jpg ) these pieces gain a lot with context , because it is what the artists wanted to express when they saw their country descent into one of the bloodiest civil wars in europe 's history . 
  west andalusia and south portugal have atlantic coast too . 
  it does n't help too much . 
  the hot air from the sahara is what usually causes the heat waves in the iberian peninsula , so it is more a latitude thing . 
  i would say that frigo is a rather big branch within spain . 
  there are plenty of ice cream parlours and they usually make their own ice cream . 
  there are plenty of ice cream brands too . 
  i actually find hard to find haagen dazs and even harder the ben & jerry . 
  the brand i see the most is frigo . 
  but , then again , i just pass by the ice cream section , so my impression is not very accurate probably . 
  oh , my sweet winter child , what do you know about hotness ? 
  i had to do a final in granada with 46 degrees , in one of the old lecture halls without ac but with large windows ( and thus the sun of justice at 3 pm ) . 
  my pages were wrinkled by sweat drops and the ink was everywhere . 
  we finally changed the hall when a classmate almost fainted . 
  more than 100 students , with our exam in our hand walking freely across the entire campus . 
  not exactly the situation the examiner wanted , so image how dire was the situation to take such extreme measures . 
  the blue division were a bunch of fascist that did nothing and were promoted in fascist spain like heroes , despite being mediocre at best , as pure propaganda . 
  p.s : if you want to mention some spanish combatants in wwii that actually did something useful and worth mentioning , you could name the republicans that fought in france . 
  the ninth company of the leclerc division , also known as la nueve , mainly composed by spanish republicans , was the first one to enter and fight within the city of paris . 
  for their actions , they actually had the privilege to march to the side of de gaulle during the victory parade and have been finally recognized and honored by the government of france . 
   with refugees you mean the kids sent there during the war ? 
  i would consider those as refugees . 
  to be honest , i do n't care . 
  a bomb is a complete disregard for other people 's safety . 
  you do n't get to claim that harming someone with a bomb was not your intention . 
  yeah , except here people were asking for a man to not be executed in cold blood . 
  i think this was the last stroke that made eta lose popular support in all strata . 
  so many people asking for his release , and they still killed him . 
  it was way more shocking than a car bomb or an assassination . 
  tell that to your government . 
  the uk has been the one pushing the hardest to include turkey in the eu . 
  however , that does n't matter , because being or not being in the eu has nothing to do with being or not being in europe , which was your claim , that turkey is not in europe . 
  i just put the example of another country split between two regions and with no current chance of joining the eu evening they wanted . 
  it is not an argument , it is an additional example . 
  the argument is that you pick a map . 
  but , besides all of that , it is clear that you are simply trying to derail the conversation , because your answers are never related to the comments you are answering to , just to some phrase out of context . 
  i would suggest that you first think what are your arguments and for what , and then you try to answer coherently . 
  istanbul is famous , among other things , for being a city between two continents . 
  and , finally , this sub is europe , not eu . 
  russia is also a part of europe and currently there is no intention to add them to the eu . 
  in fact , turkey has been much closer to that , historically . 
  the good people in turkey who oppose erdogan and desire a secular nd modern society are my people . 
  and sure as hell i think we have to support them . 
  we can not let the past repeat itself . 
  there is still hope for turkey . 
  ( do n't tell anybody , but i am in the one taking the photo ), 
  if i am a time traveler , einstein 's head would explode , and i can take his place . 
  i would travel to 1925 , just make some publications with the most groundbreaking discoveries of this century and they would allow me . 
  as you can see , i have everything very well planed . 
  i just need my time machine . 
  what a wonderful woman . 
  and very interesting too . 
  my favourite photo of her : [ the solvay congress of 1927 ] ( http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2419/2124979366_4bdaecabae.jpg ) if i had a time machine , that would be the first place in would visit . 
  the ending of the title is what makes this post unpopular , and i bet that it was the original intention , so now he can go back with the trumpeters and cry how much do we hate ourselves . 
  you would have hated em even more without his reformulation . 
  the same , but learning by heart apparently disconnected formulas . 
  seeking constant approval is a sign of lack of self confidence .
