  it was said from the very beginning that there would not be one without the other . 
  i do n't know what are you talking about . 
  i am answering to the redditor saying that the government position leading to the referendum was not anti-immigration , which is false . 
  they were both pro eu and anti immigration . 
  i do n't understand your second paragraph , because i have never said the opposite . 
  i know , and i acknowledged that in the first sentence , but at the same time , i wish that there would be more information , because i basically know nothing about polish history , so that would be interesting . 
  very specific sexual fetishes , i assume . 
   the shooter checked a gun on the flight and retrieved it from baggage claim where he began the rampage . 
  i thought it was illegal to have a weapon at all in the airport . 
  does your sentence mean that you can carry it on the luggage ( the checked luggage , i assume ) ? 
  because that is something that has to be discussed during the two years that the article 50 provides . 
  it was to remain in the eu , but assuring everyone that they would do as much as possible to limit eu immigration . 
  they defended the position of `` they are taking our jobs , but we can do something about it from within the eu '' . 
  very few politicians positioned themselves against that kind of speech . 
  and at least one of them was shot because of that . 
  travelling there is also very cheap . 
  the round flight cost me ~ ~ 100 $ , while the bus ticket to reach the airport from my hometown cost me 110 $ ( it is almost 500 km , thought ) . 
  you also have reduced fares if you are permanent resident in the islands . 
  edit : just checked for fun . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/gso5o ) is the cost of flying from june 1 to june 30 with iberia from madrid . 
  i mean , in my hometown in the peninsula we were at max 20 last week . 
  not exactly summer like temperatures , but we went to the beach to take a short bath . 
  spain does n't trust anything but the radio , which is trusted at the lowest level . 
  to be honest , as a joke it is interesting , but i would have preferred more colors , such as which countries have been invaded by poland directly , which as an ally , which as an ally in the napoleonic war , etc. 
  the map contain , sadly , very little information . 
  actually , it is well known by the porn industry that a lot of lesbian sex tapes are consumed by women . 
  women usually search for different things in porn that a guy trying to wreck the guts of a woman and they are more likely to find that that they are looking for in the lesbian scene . 
  lesbian is in most top 3 . 
  i always said that it is impossible to be socialist and promote independentism for economic reasons . 
  the `` espanya/madrid ens roba '' is the epitome of liberalism : everybody by its own and let my money alone . 
  i have sadly found that people are very `` socialist '' when they are the one receiving money but very liberal when they are ones giving it . 
  not only in spain , but in basically any country i have lived in . 
  p.s : some catalans like to think that they are very different from `` spain '' , but spain is also formed by basques , galicians , andalusians , canarians , etc , who are all very different from `` spain '' . 
  i think that in spain we have failed to correctly accommodate our biggest treasure , which is the amount of diversity . 
  i guess that because many people think of the czech republic when hearing about bohemia and being a bohemian is somewhat `` similar '' with being emo , in some sense of the usage . 
  i think that it is because portugal try to stay away from the light in the international stage and the recession . 
  i have visited portugal and i have felt at home : same buildings , same weather , same people . 
  on the other side , every spanish kid has the a1 in portuguese , just from reading the packages of the cereals ( they are in both spanish and portugal ) . 
  one thing is to be biased and other thing is to promote fake news to actual news . 
  i would say that just asking them to be more professional is not something out of range , is n't it ? 
   the victim is most definitely not the sweet angel people think he is who cares how he was ? 
  the victim is the victim and a crime is a crime , it does n't matter if he spat on the feet of the killer 's friend or in his eye . 
  duterte 's style much ? 
  human rights is one of those few things that should n't be subject to a vote . 
  this is nothing new . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptfmay6m6aa this video was created as a protest against this decision , precisely lead by theresa may . 
  why would n't she try after brexit , when it will be easier than ever ? 
  i am speaking about the trend , not only the graphs . 
  in 2015 decayed a bit but it had been steadily increasing after going down and staying down for a few years . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sh.sta.mmrt?end=2015&amp;locations=us&amp;start=1990&amp;view=chart&amp;year=2015&amp;year_high_desc=false i would say that it is a bit more of `` nothing '' . 
  even a `` no change '' is a very bad result for a 25 year time span . 
  the us is the only industrialized country in which the ratio actually increased , wtf . 
  could be a `` book example '' of how not to do a color map and it has been taken out of context ? 
  because it is abhorrent . 
   that 's your society 's problem imo . 
  that is what everybody who is willingly blind says : `` that is something that happens somewhere else '' . 
  in every single society on earth there are different pressures according to your gender and your sexuality . 
  you find those pressures everywhere , from tv ads to characters in a book , to what the parents say to the children , etc. 
  france is , of course , not an exception at all . 
  i am sorry if i spoil your flawless snowflake . 
  i would n't even consider france to be top 5 of the most socially progressive societies in europe , let alone `` the one '' without these kind of discrimination . 
  seriously , be preaching like that from a country that held demonstrations of hundred of thousands of people against gay marriage and which leading candidate thinks that there should be different adoption laws for gay couples sounds more ignorant than anything else . 
  now get a grip on reality and grow out of your chauvinist complex . 
  have a nice day . 
  sexuality and gender is a part of all human experience , even the one of a 9 years old child . 
  you yourself have named a few examples through which the society influences you differently depending on your gender . 
  sorry , i forgot that 9 y.o. 
  children were n't people . 
  i think that bernie sanders had a solid run because his message resonated with people , specially working class people . 
  he was in the same position than trump , but trump had no real opposition within his party . 
  i honestly think that , had it been a clash between sanders and trump , the former would have won by a landslide . 
  i never bought the idea that clinton was going to win easily and i said that on reddit many times . 
  the polls always showed here just a few points above trump , if any . 
  bernie was always 10-15 points ahead . 
  because both had messages directed towards working people , but one of them was not crazy or shady . 
  he would have won all the democratic voters and that of the republicans who at the end did n't vote for trump but against clinton . 
  boris yelstin had to use the army to dissolve the parliament , because they did n't give him the powers to privatize the companies . 
  more than 200 civilians were killed in the clashes with the army . 
  it was a coup d'etat . 
  so , yes , it was russians stealing russians , but also it is not as simple as that . 
  and the west play a very big role getting yelstin elected too . 
  honestly , this is what you get by rescuing the banks instead of the people and imposing absurdly dire austerity measures with no growth stimulus , while in the us obama prevented the whole downwards spiral by pumping money into the economy . 
  if you only impose austerity , the economies will tank to the bottom . 
  other issue was that different countries had very different problems which remedies were opposed sometimes , and they were linked by a common currency , but not a common fiscal system . 
  the eu and the euro were never prepared for the 2008 because it is absurd to have a monetary union without a fiscal union and common policies . 
  it simply does not work . 
  with that username ... what else could one expect from / u/quarantiniamericani ? 
  spain does n't sell her history too well , to be honest . 
  not even within spain . 
  bernardo de g\u00e1lvez had the honor to parade to the right of george washington , being then , as far as i know , the only non american who ever held that privilege . 
  the only thing the eu and the ussr have in common is that both had the best anthems . 
  that part of my comment was a simple joke . 
  i would have quoted it anyway , because it is the correct term . 
  it is the fair share , because the eu is an entity with borders and the borders should be taken care by all , not only by those living in the borders . 
   it would help if germany would stop bullying other countries to take in their ** fair share ** of refugees . 
  what a weird way to phrase it , is n't it ? 
  why would someone oppose to a fair share , as you call it , is n't it fair ? 
  the reality is that greece and italy have enough problems to add more stones to their pockets . 
  if the eu members can not even work together to help them , i will consider the eu useless . 
  what a sad way to look at it , in my opinion .
