  so you did n't . 
  since you are speaking from your high horse , i thought that maybe your politicians did something beyond a symbolic ban against `` spain '' and actually gave a damn about the animals , but it seems they do n't yet . 
  do n't worry , the progress in other parts of spain is also slow , but someday hopefully we will eliminate such barbaric tradition everywhere . 
  did you finally ban correbous too ? 
  do people still call them freedom fries ? 
  it is the a part of the rules of the world , it needs no explanation . 
  but again , polan can now into space , so who knows anymore . 
  because estonia can not into nordics . 
  does he ? 
  i bet it is thanks to the autocomplete of his phone 's keyboard . 
  actually , it looks more like the building of the `` alliance of planets '' of the show . 
  guillotine , obviously . 
  i do n't think anybody is saying that labour is ahead , just that the polls show a change which is the opposite of the expected and a sign that the `` no campaign '' of the tories is not working very well , taking into account the situation . 
  then , again , fptp has the effect of distorting any results . 
  but that could go either way . 
  it depends on the concentration of votes . 
  i think that the tories will win anyway but probably not with the might they had expected . 
  except one is based on what people want to believe , against all evidences , and the other is based on other things he has said about the very same topic . 
  there is a redditor with 4 golds up with tens of tweets about him denying climate change . 
  he has never , ever , said anything in favor of combating it , as far as i am aware . 
  on the other hand , he might have said `` ukraine situation is not good '' , but , at the same time , he constantly tries to take pressure out of russia with things like `` do you think we do n't do bad things ? '' . 
  just yesterday he spoke about revising the sanctions against russia . 
  at the very least , he sends very mixed messages about russia and very clear messages about climate change . 
  what a false equivalency if i have ever seen one . 
  what you are describing sounds to me more like `` ideology '' than `` culture '' . 
  i probably agree in more topics with my former flat mate from morocco , because he was of a very similar ideology , than i would agree with a neo-nazi in madrid , despite sharing the same `` culture '' . 
  i am not advocating for accepting ideologies such as islamic extremism . 
  my comment is just to point out that the term `` culture '' is for me meaningless for being too broad and changing the definition from one person to the next . 
  edit : a term . 
  anarchists do not belong upper right either , in my opinion . 
  a chart with simply two quantities will only mislead when trying to classify certain ideologies . 
  that is not even entering on the differences between different anarchist movements . 
  that is my point : the society usually evolves with struggle and only very rarely smoothly . 
  struggle does n't necessarily mean physically forceful or bad , but a clash between two antagonist positions . 
  civil rights , lgbt rights , abortion , freedom , collective self definition , etc. 
  nothing within a society is discussed or ( forcefully ) changed without struggle between two sides . 
  as i said in my previous comments , it is neither an argument in favor nor against immigration , just a comment on how i disagree with your first comment , in which you say that  culture evolves and matures organically . 
  because it does n't and ...  what we are experiencing is far from an organic transition . 
  ... it is not something new . 
  what do you even mean by culture ? 
  edit . 
  the quotation was wrongly pasted . 
  where did i compare it ? 
  i just used that example because you mentioned it . 
  you can replace it with whatever topic you want , because my point is not lgbt rights but that for something as monolithic and immutable as `` our culture '' seems to be , not a lot of people can agree on pretty fundamental topics . 
  as if this `` culture '' thing is an empty concept that is used to gloss over fundamental discrepancies within our communities . 
  the real question here is if you are either a job stealer or a good for nothing taker . 
  if you are asking about your r\u00e9sum\u00e9 , i will assume the former . 
  should n't it be the argument , then ? 
  i would agree with that . 
  i think that rejecting ideas that one consider dangerous has nothing to do with culture . 
  i reject the idea of fascism , despite it being a part of the `` mainstream culture '' of my country in the previous generation . 
  i of course completely reject the radicalism within the muslim community . 
  i also reject the culture defenders blind breivik that kill children because they were helping the `` culture invaders '' . 
  just like islamic terrorists justify their bullshit in `` defense of their culture '' . 
  i am half way through the entire comment section and i am yet to find a satisfactory definition of `` culture '' that everybody is talking about . 
  i get what you are saying and agree with you in part , but i very much disagree that such mindset is exclusively localised or even more prevalent in ee . 
  i think that the comment of the other redditor is a valid criticism to an argument i have seen a lot in this very same thread , which defends that cultures change at the will of the people or organically . 
  i do n't think it is an argument neither in favor or against immigration , because it can be seen in both ways . 
  but it is a valid criticism against that kind of argument . 
  actually , i never thought about brits as a short for britons but for british people . 
  thank you for the information . 
  that is an interesting take on european culture and history . 
  you mean organic as in introduced by war ? 
  just the first idea that came to my mind was the base of many cultures , which would be the judicial system , and how it in many countries it was introduced by napoleon when conquered ; or how organically the germans accepted democracy after wwii . 
  i guess that the dictatorship in spain was also organically accepted . 
  mine is not an argument in favor or against what the thread is about , because it can be seen in both ways . 
  but saying that culture is adapted organically is a bit of an stretch , in my opinion . 
  i guess that now is a good time then to ask what does `` different culture '' means , because in my life experiences , i am yet to see two persons with the `` same culture '' . 
  reading this thread i get the impression that some people believe that culture is a monolithic entity which is immutable . 
  as i said back in the thread of the woman denied swiss nationality because she complained about the cowbells , your kind of definition for culture of a country seems very monolithic , as if people within that `` culture '' accepted every aspect ( or even any at all ) of it . 
  you speak about lgbt rights out of all things , when in the majority of european countries , the population is very split in topics like gay marriage or adoptions . 
  the same can be said about plenty of privatised companies in spain . 
  they only privatise the ones that actually generated money . 
  and now we have some of the worst services in those areas . 
  it is like selling your car to buy gasoline and say that you have solved your transportation problem because you finally has fuel . 
  according to the polls , wilders lost a lot of support after refusing to go to debates . 
  overall he gained seats with respect to his previous results , but he was project to win the plurality and the lost a lot of the potential voters because of his attitude . 
  e.g wilders in the netherlands , for example . 
  the more debates he refused , the more support he lost . 
  also , le pen did pretty terrible debates and lost a lot of support ( in the polls ) after them . 
  the opposite happened to m\u00e9lenchon , who gained a lot of support due to his very good performance in the debates . 
  i think people are paying more attention to debates now than ever before , because so much is at stake and more people have stopped to identify with a party but look for specific policies . 
  if there is a time for everyone to vote really what they want is this election . 
  the next government is going to define the relationship with the eu for a generation , so it is the time for the people who disagree with the tories to state their disagreement , because the next elections might be too late for that . 
  as officials in the eu has said , the `` strength '' of the british government within the uk is irrelevant . 
  the same is true form the opposite , the `` weakness '' of the government is irrelevant . 
  the only thing that will change is the position and aim of the government in certain topics , but not the ability to project power , because that steams from the country , not the government . 
  the only thing that will be weakened is the tory agenda in the a50 negotiations . 
  tldr : the uk is equally strong with a tory majority and without it . 
  it would only change the positions and aims of the negotiations , therefore , if there is a time to make your voice be heard , it is now , because the results of this elections will be `` hardwired '' for a generation . 
  edit : a word . 
  that ... actually looks very interesting !, 
  i will definitely take a look . 
  that is why radicals are also called fundamentalists . 
  i more or less know some of the positions of corbyn , but i also know that the a big part of the party hate him and his policies . 
  also , in the past , labour has taken many decisions that i would n't qualify as what labour should be voting , if they were a `` socialist '' party . 
  they also know less about cybersecurity and the needs or overreaches of new security laws , for example . 
  it is good as an overview , but i fear that it would lead to oversimplifications and misinformation . 
  however , it is not much better now , so this at least could be a summary that everybody will be able to read and be more informed than they are now .
