  reasons to be against as spaniard are many . 
  from the cultural perspective , in which spain would be a poorer culturally speaking country because we lose a whole culture ; to the economical , since catalonia is one of the most industrialized regions in spain , and the economical hit would be hard . 
  they are not treated as an equal . 
  only the basque country has more competences than catalonia does , if i recall it correctly . 
  if they were treated as an equal to the rest of the communities , they would lose a lot of their current competences . 
  i do n't know in which language it is written , but in spanish , it is vasco and not basco . 
  maybe it is in another language , but because of the \u00f1 and the tildes i just wanted to clarify it . 
  i have seen esteladas of catalan tourist in murcia ( not only handling from the balcony , but also as full body towels ) and , despite what may be shown in the tv , nobody was yelled or assaulted or anything . 
  just try . 
  people from madrid are normal people , you know . 
  i think that madrid is actually mis-administrating everything in spain . 
  hopefully , just until the next elections . 
  every part of spain has been independent before . 
  at the same time that the catholic kings unified castille and aragon by marriage , part of andalusia was still a muslim territory . 
  just to put the perspective . 
  which is the way spain works ? 
  in spain , competences like education or health care are autonomous communities ' competences . 
  saying that catalonia do not receive enough money is ludicrous . 
  sure , there is a net exportation of money to other regions , but saying that their part do not cover enough for infrastructure and hospitals ... 
  the problem with catalonia has always been the same that with the rest of the communities : you have voted people like pujol or mas , as in other places we have voted aguirre or cospedal , who are more focused on earning money than on spending it correctly . 
  tl ; dr : you voted shitty politicians , like anyone else in spain , but instead of thinking that they are the problem , some believe that corruption will magically disappear in a new catalonia . 
  i can understand and respect the idea that some people do not feel spaniard but only catalan . 
  there are aspects of the catalan culture that some people believe are not respected enough . 
  i get it and i share the opinion in part . 
  but the economic reasons i can not understand them . 
  catalonia has always been one of the richest part of spain , precisely because it is close to france , thus most of the spanish industry was located there ( such as the textile industry ) . 
  the a7 was built much earlier than other also important high speed roads , such as the north one , which would allow the development of the industry of asturias . 
  the problem is not that there is no money in catalonia . 
  it is that catalonia has to give , like madrid does , part of their money to other places like extremadura and with remaining money is just wasted in stupid infrastructure , just like everywhere else in spain . 
  yes , under kings ' law , europeans lived longer and better . 
  specially the lower class . 
  what news reporter ? 
  have you heard the president ? 
  have you seen the police in action ? 
  the situation of the refugee camps ? 
  the people living in the streets ? 
  it is clearly not very `` refugee-friendly '' and they are quite open about it . 
  trying to sell the opposite is ludicrous . 
  the history is true . 
  the analogy with the current events , i think it is completely wrong . 
  the historical event was called `` la marcha verde '' , the [ green march . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/green_march ), 
  i think that the last thing the father is thinking is to get warm , but rather that his child does not sleep over the asphalt . 
  why ? 
  why are young men somehow obligated to fight ? 
  if you said adults , i would understand , but why young men alone ? 
  you got me with the `` incredible opportunities in hungary '' . 
  at first i thought you were serious . 
  like , have you seen the news related with hungary and the refugees ? 
  i would probably choose any other country but hungary . 
  i usually just go and take a sit , instead of standing up , and so do a lot of people . 
  that is why `` this '' was invented , i guess . 
  once you are in your chair , you need a way to keep track of what is your turn , because everybody will be sitting too . 
  in some places , you receive a number ( such as in the supermarket ) , in other places , you have to `` create '' such a number using this method . 
  sometimes , people will forget to name you . 
  but you come back , check the person who was before you and they will recognize you , therefore the other people wo n't complain . 
  sometimes they do , because there are shameless people everywhere . 
  the only problem is , if it takes too long for you to come back and your link is already gone . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  i will be prepared for the trivial question . 
  i knew there was few vowels in welsh , but ... cwrw , seriously ? 
  not even one ? 
  in spain , we have this method . 
  you get into one place . 
  you ask the person closer to the door : `` who is the last one ? '' . 
  you say loudly that now you are the last one . 
  you can now go to drink a coffee or take a sit or whatever . 
  someone will come then and ask for the last one , becoming the last one . 
  even if you are not there , the person you have asked will say something like `` there was this guy , he is not here , but he was the last one '' . 
  there is no way to cut the queue , because everybody knows who is before and after oneself . 
  which is not saying much . 
  spanish police has been also praised by many politicians during the protest . 
  despite palpable proofs of police brutality . 
  maybe professional soldiers , but in finland , conscription is mandatory as far as i know , and in sweden it is n't . 
  i live in germany , and i have to say that it caught me by surprise . 
  germans seem sometimes very cold , distant and rational people . 
  i have seen those characteristics in my surroundings in other issues . 
  however , this time i was very positively surprised . 
  i am only a fifth of a german ( since i have been here for only a fifth of my life ) , but that part of me certainly is prouder than ever . 
  edit : live -  life, 
  when we read about people wishing to sink and let drown people coming , i am sure that many people would be happy to come back to that era . 
  luckily , they are still a minority . 
  however , like it was the case the last time , one does not need a lot of supporters , just a lot of people who do not care or are afraid to do anything . 
  sadly , we have tons of those apathetic people . 
  after stripping the humanity out of the society towards certain group , the `` strong leader '' was able to convince them that , after so many problems with displacing those `` subhumans '' , he had found the final solution . 
  again , what about neither nazis nor soviets ? 
  to finally reach their final goal : usa . 
  donald trump was right all the time . 
  it was just the wrong border !, 
   might need some european solidarity . 
  i am kinda sure that , after the last crisis , greek people are kinda afraid of such a term . 
  those hello kitty stuff ai n't going to pay get paid by themselves , amiright ? 
  yeah , logic at the cost of empathy and humanity is what helped us so much in the last century . 
  if we have learnt something , is that , once you are able to remove the empathy of a society for a certain group and you can even strip the `` human '' tag out of such group , anything can happen . 
  lack of empathy . 
  that is what is wrong with him/her . 
  just because , apart from being a racist and a xenophobe , you are also very bad-mannered other xenophobes do not want you in their team . 
  they want to win a battle of rhetorics and your contribution certainly does not help them . 
  just like donald trump and the republicans . 
  they are xenophobes , but they would like to pretend they are n't .
