  op simply states that the decadent west , were the fabric of society is being torn apart , etc , has actually a higher ratio of their beloved `` working families '' . 
  and so they are also very concern with the family being eroded by all the gay stuff and policies against the `` christian core '' of the family , etc. 
  and they are equally wrong . 
  i wonder why ... 
  yes , thank you . 
  my mobile corrected it . 
  in / r/vexillology they would kill you . 
  more holidays ? 
  sign me in . 
  well , there are different processes of restoration too . 
  what i mean is that , at the end , this ecce homo was not a work of restoration from the very beginning , in my opinion . 
  why ? 
  i mean ... no , probably not . 
  for a base paint it was too detailed ( she even put the nostrils `` in place '' ... ) and , besides that , you do not use a base paint for a restoration . 
  a restoration is simply to `` complete '' the parts of the piece that are lost . 
  this was simply to use the old part of the wall for a new `` masterpiece '' . 
  `` this is what we will do to you if you ever dare to come here , ****** '' - the earthlings . 
  it went from an unknown , poorly conserved fresh paint in a forgotten church to one of the biggest publicity stunts at the world . 
  it was even appearing in late shows in the us . 
  i am not sure what to think about this , to be honest . 
  there are plenty of people around with whom i disagree in every possible way , yet they express themselves making an argument ( even if it is ethically repulsive ) and not with a clear intention of creating a personal conflict . 
  you can report whatever you want , like if i cared . 
  i just feel sorry for the mods because they are the ones annoyed by people misusing the report system . 
  you announcing publicly what could have been done without announcement , if you truly believed that there were reasons for it , is just another example of your clear intentions to spark a conflict , just like a politician making an stunt . 
  have a nice day , little troll . 
  what a low effort bait . 
  and you were doing so well untill this point !, 
  i imagine that your comment is simply a joke , but there is a question about reintroduction of death penalty . 
  i just assumed that they meant to enforce the legislation , in case that the laws already existed . 
  do n't worry . 
  people will still blame the immigrants of the last two years for something that has been happening for decades and , to a different degree , around the whole world . 
  what was the excuse for this before the mass immigration ? 
  people really want to blame immigrants for everything , like if europe was a perfect place and two years ago everything started to fell . 
  of course . 
  revolution will be carried out with the help of public transport . 
  it is impossible to park in paris . 
  just in case of emergency revolution . 
  estrella galicia is one of the best beers in spain . 
  why would that be a joke ? 
  the guy is a confessed fascists . 
  of course anything that melechon does is going to be the most disgusting thing ever . 
  i , for one , would love to remove all religion-related holidays and substitute them for scheduled holidays . 
  some of them could be during the same time ( christmas ) and others would simply stay fix instead of moving around , like holy week . 
  you should maybe check that with your doctor . 
  oh , i would be extremely disappointed if she won . 
  it is not something most of us here are trying to hide . 
  however , i think it is not going to happen . 
  edit : a typo . 
  what an interesting piece of legislation , that french constitution , which only applies in the cities . 
  it is not very hard to attack le pen . 
  just like poutou said , she is an anti-europe candidate that uses european money and legal protection shamelessly . 
  whatever the topic , there is always some major flaw in le pen 's candidacy . 
  it is like fishing in a barrel . 
  however , for some people , it is not about the debates anymore . 
  they already made a decision months ago and are not going to change , no matter what it is said . 
   le pen hit back at macron : `` you should n't pretend to be something new when you are speaking like old fossils that are at least 50 years old . '', 
  i was really expecting something like 200 or 300 years old . 
  it does n't work as well if your number is only 2 years more than your own ( le pen 's ) age . 
  alhambra 1925 or estrella galicia ( which can also be found in some bars ) have nothing to envy to imported beers . 
  i like the french and the spanish ones the most . 
  greece 's is also very cool , but it sounds too clich\u00e9 . 
  i mean , even macedonia have the same . 
  i love that style present in some parts of andalusia . 
  it makes it very distinctive . 
  you have different variations of the same style too , so it is even possible to discern between regions . 
  on a related topic , and as an adoptive son of the alhambra i might be biased , but for me it is one of my favourite monuments . 
  olivenza shall prevail . 
   it 's not even dutch . 
  well , the one of the uk is not exactly in english . 
  it is just a joke . 
  of course there are famous things within certain regions that are not know outside . 
  in my simile , the painting of the child is well know by its parents . 
  the joke is that it was assumed a knowledge of something that most people outside of the uk wo n't know . 
  edit : if you are curious , [ this is a very famous and important headline in spain . 
  ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/imagenes/2016/02/18/eps/1455812618_874352_1455813641_sumario_normal.jpg ) elpa\u00eds was the first newspaper to talk about the attempt coup during the 23f and they put themselves in the line , because if it worked , they would face the consequences . 
  i simply would n't expect the average hungarian to know about that headline . 
  that gave me anxiety for the whole week . 
   lilico 's rationale rests on the `` cultural similarity '' of the canzuk countries , which he assumes could override , say , the geographic proximity of australia to china , and canada to the us . 
  if that person thinks that canada is going to reject the us in favor of the uk , he surely knows nothing or really overestimates the influence of the uk in other places . 
  canada is economically and culturally way closer to the us than it will ever be to the uk . 
  they even share the ice hockey league !, 
   i guess not for fun . 
  i did ... german is actually a very rich and interesting language . 
  edgy . 
   the individual idiots making these threats are without a doubt trying to provoke spanish politicians to respond with something equally idiotic in order to drum up nationalism and make an us vs them mentality . 
  to be honest , i am rather surprise that none of our idiots have said anything . 
  if there is something that spain has in abundance are moronic politicians . 
  sorry , i am too busy judging you , who i never met , by some crazy stuff in a tabloid . 
  we might be at pre-war , but , holiday time is sacred . 
  i mean , you would n't make them stay in the uk during summer , right ? 
  that goes against the geneva conventions . 
  you can call it * gusanillo * ( little worm ) , because plenty of people do not know its real name . 
  specially in the it field , i have heard that quite a lot . 
  and the reality lies in between . 
  i have seen plenty of both stereotypes in my visits to the uk . 
  famous in the same way that the painting of a child stuck to the fridge 's door is a famous artwork . 
  but the plural of se\u00f1or is se\u00f1ores ... 
  so they forgot the e too . 
  i also do not understand the `` yours '' , because if it were `` senores '' , it should be `` your '' ( possessive accompanying the noun ) or there should be a vocative comma after yours ( a possessive pronoun ) , does n't it ? 
  you can not have a pronoun acompanying a noun .
