  i do agree that the immigrants have to accept and obey the laws of the countries where they immigrate but within this law they have the right to think and to to whatever they want . 
  in spain we have a lot of immigrants and , as far as there are some problems too , spain has always been a country of mix of cultures . 
  we have no problem with that . 
  the problems come when there is no money and the immigrants are directly condemned to poverty . 
  i have seen both cases , immigrant communities mixed with the local community when there are a good policy about the issue and the other way around , groups of immigrants living in slums outside the city because nobody wants to give them a job , no matter how are they , just because they are immigrants . 
    you have enemies ? 
  good . 
  that means you 've stood up for something , sometime in your life . 
   winston churchill . 
  either europe stands for the things that matters , like the rights of their citizens , or it is not worth . 
  if you read my comment , i am speaking about the usa government , never speaking about you ( as individual ) . 
  and if i have done it otherwise , then it has been a mistake . 
  but the usa government is not there for divine intervention . 
  it is not your fault , probably , but in the average is a fault of the 300 million people , because they have elected and re-elected presidents like bush , for example . 
  it was not solely a mistake , you , as a country repeated it and supported his foreign policy . 
  the eu has n't also the right to have that moral speech anymore . 
  we have become ourselves in the puppets of other foreign powers and we have done abominable things too . 
  and there is no excuse for us . 
  i am not pro russian , nor pro kiev government . 
  but in this case , i just ca n't hold the hipocrisy of the usa . 
  support regimes that shoot demostrators and torture opponents ? 
  mother of love , the usa support half of the dictators in this world and half of the totalitarian regimes . 
  and the usa ideals will be closer to you , because i am as far from the russia 's ideals as from the usa 's ideals . 
  i know that not every german , thankfully , is like this , but i have found this quite often . 
  too often , to be honest . 
  i find it quite xenophobic also , because my opinion is not considered as valid as the opinion of a person of a `` rich '' country . 
  but , as i said , they are not the majority , fortunately . 
  yes , sure . 
  that 's why germany was listed among the enemies of the usa . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/02/nsa-files-spying-allies-enemies-five-eyes-g8 if this is the way the usa treats its allies ... 
  do not take offence , but most of the americans would n't be able to locate ukraine in a map or even to spell the country 's name correctly but now they feel `` upset '' ? 
  they do not have the right to be upset . 
  they did n't mind ukraine at all before and now , the only thing that changed is that russia has made some moves . 
  i am really tired of the hypocrisy of the usa government toward this kind of situation . 
  seriously , usa invades a country almost every year yet they dare to give moral judgment about the situation in ukraine ? 
  it is sick . 
  i am not a russia fan at all , but they have n't shot a bullet yet and are managing the situation way better than usa in any other single action around the world . 
  a government of a country who has admitted to finance coup d'etat in some countries or rebels has no right to speak with this moral authority that obama invested himself while speaking about the ukraine crisis . 
  usa sees itself as the police of the world , but we do not need a police of the world , thank you . 
  the usa government should mind their own business . 
  if the usa hates so much russia , go and fight through the pacific and leave europe in peace . 
  i think you are correct , sweden . 
  it is not being a pussy nor policorrectism . 
  i do n't think the immigration is a bad thing for it reports a lot of benefits . 
  i do think that europe should put more effort into integrating that new people in the society . 
  when that people come here and all they find is more poverty , then the problems begin . 
  when the integration policies have worked , the immigration is an addition to the culture , which benefits everyone of us . 
  i must add that for me , the erasmus scholarship is one of the most successful thing we have invented in europe . 
  it is the institution which has brought the countries closer than any other . 
  thanks to this scholarship we know each other better than ever before and we started to build an `` european spirit '' . 
  i find myself hesitant about the federation because i am not sure that it would work for the best of all members . 
  the actual crisis is so depth in the eu because the solution for some countries , like my own , would be to devaluate the euro , while for other countries like germany , it would cost a lot of money . 
  so we are not able to solve the problem because the cure for ones is in theory harming for others . 
  i say in theory because in the long term , if we all recover , the economy start to rise again and we all benefit , even the ones who `` had to pay '' . 
  this would n't be a problem within a country , because the countries act like one . 
  some regions slow down for other regions to catch up . 
  i am not sure if the eu is prepared for something like this yet . 
  i wish . 
  i seriously wish , because i think that the eu should stand for the european style ( things like social health care , social help for the ones who have the less , etc ) because it is something that other powerhouses want to remove and only a strong europe united could stand for those ideals . 
  so i believe in the eu . 
  but i do n't want spain or other countries to be the sacrifice sheep to the god markets . 
  i think the eu should stand for our ideals , not for the ones which came from outside . 
  i do believe that europeans have more in common in the fundamental issues than things which could split up . 
  do not take this as an offence , but i think uk should be kicked out the european union right now . 
  the reason is , uk is always in and out whenever the eu tries to step forward in something . 
  yes , uk contributes too . 
  but i think the cons overcome the pros and here in germany , for example , many people start to think the same . 
  we want to articulate a union , and the uk is always in the middle of everything , because uk does n't like the utter idea of the eu , which is that , a union . 
  they do not want to concede any power to the union , but they want to be a part of it . 
  it makes no sense for me , to be honest . 
  p.s : not to speak also about the pressure that the bankers and sharks of the city of london can apply due to uk being a part of the eu and not a foreign force . 
  the sharks of the city were the main group who benefited in the destabilization of the sovereign debt of the countries , which lead to an increase of the overall debt for the eu . 
  this is just a fallacy . 
  what that redditor said it is correct or not with independence of his/her country . 
  or maybe we should n't because , you know , the new ukranian government are just a bunch of neonazis who performed a coup d'etat . 
  i do not think they are at all legitimated . 
  it does n't mean i support the russian actions for the past months but , seriously , there are n't a `` good guys '' and a `` bad guys '' in this scenario . 
  europe should give a punch in the table and tell both usa and russia that , if they want to fight each other , they should do it through the pacific . 
  europe should not be their battlefield anymore . 
  i do n't know why you are surprised , to be honest . 
  was n't the usa the country which put a supposed ally , germany , in the list of `` enemies to spy '' , in the same group than russia or iran ? 
  oh , yes , it was the usa . 
  i think so . 
  not with the actual schemes , because they are awful , but i truly believe in the concept we had of the eu before the actual eu . 
  a europe united with everybody rowing in the same direction in despite of the internal discrepancies in the details , but with a plan for the benefits of all together . 
  i wish europe raises again as the lighthouse of modernity and rights it was before , we improve our social actions and recover the values `` european values '' like the social care of the ones who have the less . 
  then the heterosexual marriage should neither be a human right . 
  i believe in human beings and human rights . 
  civil partnerships do not fulfill all the rights , like the adoption . 
  additionally , the discrimination ( the act of discriminate ) makes possible to legislate differently for hetero and homosexual partners . 
  if we are born as equal , we can not be referred differently in the laws . 
  as an heterosexual man , i find this completely unacceptable for a modern society . 
  in the universal declaration of the human rights it is clearly written marriage http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/ *** article 16 . 
  *** * ( 1 ) men and women of full age , without any limitation due to race , nationality or religion , have the right to marry and to found a family . 
  they are entitled to equal rights as to marriage , during marriage and at its dissolution . 
  * * ( 2 ) marriage shall be entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses . 
  * * ( 3 ) the family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society and is entitled to protection by society and the state . 
  i think that gay-rights , as the human rights that they are , should be the same in the whole europe and they should have exactly the same rights that anybody else , with respect for their preferences ( for example , the same sex marriage should be a reality in the whole eu ) . 
  the market were not closed but in spain , for example , all the appliances are german . 
  all .
