  dry ? 
  just try seville . 
  the worst feeling of heat i have ever had . 
  i seriously thought that i would have an overheat and one day , i had to rush to the cold shower because my head was fainting . 
  the first days of summer , when those sweet sons of winter come and try to go for a walk at 15 . 
  you never see them the following day . 
  people learn rather quickly the rules of the land . 
  andalusia has its own atlantic coast . 
  when i visited egypt we were constantly visiting some temples in the middle of the sahara desert . 
  and i must say that , with enough water , proper clothing and a hat , it was way more bearable than , for example , seville . 
  because it is hotter , but in my opinion the worst is the humidity , because it does n't allow you to sweat and that creates a terrible feeling . 
  in the sahara it was so hot and dry that people did n't even have sweat marks in their armpits . 
   the worst is not +30 \u00bac during the day ... the worst is +30 \u00bac + humid air at night and no ac . 
  that 's the definition of hell :-p . exactly what i told my coworker today . 
  i can stand 45c during the day , no problem . 
  but the 35 during night is what kills my soul . 
  and check the weather forecast for the uv radiation . 
  if it is too high , do not even bother to go out , even with sunscreen . 
  not everyone has ac anyway . 
  there are routines that will save your life . 
  for example , opening the house to let the air be exchanged but only during the very early morning . 
  as soon as the sun is starting to rise , one should close everything , specially the window blinds . 
  stay at home from around 13-16 , which is siesta time anyway . 
  it is a very good way to get some sleep and pass those three infernal hours . 
  shift your social life . 
  people go for walks , shopping , etc , after 17.00 . 
  actually , most shops will be closed from 12 to 16-17 . 
  people go out specially during nights , when the temperatures are lower . 
  get yourself a good botijo . 
  but specially , drink a lot of water . 
  all these things can be done without `` modern '' technology . 
  just wait until the summer fire festival begins !, 
  i like the video . 
  i find it very ironic that they used so many bicycles , then we moved towards cars and now we are going back to bicycles again . 
  what a * cycle * . 
  it is nice to see that we have made some progress since 1905 . 
  now it at least has all the walls !, 
  i am not sure about how to feel with the works to finish the project . 
  according to my personal experience , i think that part of the charm nowadays it has is to actually be uncompleted . 
  indeed , according to the rae http://dle.rae.es/?id=qxgrte0, 
  it is the first time i heard that connection . 
  the arabic origin is the most accepted one . 
  the other that sometimes is mentioned is greek . 
  there are linguistic similarities with other words with a clearer origin , such as ojal\u00e1 , which also comes from arabic meaning `` if it is god 's ( allah ) will '' . 
  to shoot a police officer in the head ? 
  may i ask what that 26 y.o. 
  woman just doing her job has ever done to you ? 
  without the `` strict laws '' , these thugs would n't need to steal the guns from the officers . 
  it is . 
  but also necessary . 
  in the worldnews thread , the bottom half comments were already inventing things like the police having a refugee as a suspect . 
  i read before that the gun was stolen from his partner , so she would be the one still armed . 
  unless there were more officers there , either the partner took her gun , after being shot , or she shot it after being shot in the head . 
  the famous ol\u00e9 , derives from allah . 
  what was spoken by most is a mixture of latin and arabic . 
  well , i thought it was understood that protesting against the people in power is what is usually dangerous . 
  so that is the name . 
  they are everywhere here , but i have only seen them being used by children . 
  my support for people with courage that stand up , even more so in a country in which protesting can be quite dangerous . 
  how do kids make their essays , then ? 
  are they forced to read the books ? 
  that can not be . 
  they do n't know decimals yet . 
  just put someone to watch after her of she might try to jump off the cliff . 
  the lady in orange is theresa may , current british mp and candidate for the conservative party . 
  i think there is something fundamentally wrong with treating people as a part of a block , specially to discriminate them . 
  i would like to be treated as an individual , thank you . 
  and you are wrong . 
  i think that the 999 of good people will do more good that the single bad guy in your example would . 
  specially because if all it takes is just one bad guy to fuck up your country , your country was in a pretty bad shape to begin with . 
  i think most cities would benefit from making more spaces for pedestrians . 
  i have always supported going down that path almost everywhere . 
  specially if you are in a big city with good underground transport . 
  ah , so child rape is only the viler act when one does not count homosexuality and sodomy ( i assume they imply that those two are even worse crimes ) . 
  sounds a very reasonable position . 
  so what you mean is that they should have reestablished child labour ? 
  i have never read either of them and i do n't think i will change my mind . 
  but i also think that , judging both cover pages , the sun 's crosses so many more lines . 
  to begin with , they say that `` we have enough of these jeeza 's rubbish '' as an argument to vote for tories . . but , have n't been the tories in power for quite a long time already ( 7 years or so ? ) ? 
  it is like when a ruling political party runs on the platform of `` change '' . 
  it simply does n't make any sense . 
  while one calls theresa may and the tories liars , which one could argue if it is true or not and/or if it is appropriate to say that , but the other goes way beyond that with the smear , the iconography and the language . 
  tldr : while i wo n't expect either of them to be unbiased in the least , i think that the sun cover is on a completely different level . 
  sorry , i have the policy to not speak with people who make stupid generalizations . 
  have a nice day . 
  spain sucks because of people like you both : one bringing a literary genre to somehow `` prove '' stupid stereotypes , then getting angry because people do not find his completely out of topic `` joke '' ( was it supposed to be a joke , right ? ), 
  the other eager to answer with homophobic insults . 
   why does n't spain annex portugal a good chinese friend in my lab asked me the very same question . 
  i was not expecting it . 
  i guess that know i know it was not just her . 
  let us hope to end such barbaric traditions everywhere . 
  can confirm . 
  i would recognize that station every time . 
  you only took photos in the ugliest part , by the way . 
  not that the other part is so much nicer , but ... 
  i see . 
  i am happy that we seem to be on the same boat on this issue . 
  so , you have , but at the same time the bous embolats are just heavily restricted ? 
  that sounds contradictory for me . 
  do n't you consider bous embolats an animal torture or am i misunderstanding something ?
