  the us was forced to make an agreement because the rest were n't going to continue the sanctions . 
  if iran pulls out the agreement , the sanctions will likely come back . 
  but if it is the us ' fault , i doubt the sanctions will be reinstated . 
  despite what many people think here about merkel and her party being some far left hippies , they are very conservative and very christian ( in a rather broad and more fundamental sense , not in the us republican sense ) . 
  specially the csu , the bavarian branch . 
  if it is passed in the bundestag , it is officially the law in the entire territory , because germany has a federal model . 
  coincidentally , pride week is taking place in madrid . 
  i guess that there is an additional , unsuspected thing to celebrate this year . 
  edit : it is happening now . 
  specially when merkel said that as long as she was the chancellor there would not be gay marriage in germany . 
  just off the top of my head , we read one thousand and one not nights and a bunch of tales of poe . 
  if i try to recall , i will probably remember many more . 
  those two were the ones that left a bigger impression on me . 
  high school was rather long ago , though ... p.d : that in spanish literature . 
  in english and french there were , of course , many . 
  i recall le malade imaginaire because i learnt the reason why actors would not wear yellow . 
  hispano-american literature is a part of the standard curriculum , if i am not wrong . 
  the problem is that we do not read that many books at all . 
  are soldiers allowed to carry their own phones connected to some kind of provided internet ? 
  the on on the right shows an uncanny resemblance to [ carlos sobera . 
  [ and it seems that paris has already accepted . 
  ] ( http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/for-worldpride-paris-lets-madrid-be-the-city-of-love/articleshow/59340579.cms ) madrid has 3.2 million inhabitants and it is expecting 3 million just for this pride week . 
  so was mine . 
  that is ok . 
  i do n't take myself too seriously either . 
  as long as people take seriously what ought to be , i am fine with it . 
  a celiac friend of mine almost died before being diagnosed . 
  i know that people like to make fun of `` hipster '' trends ( and who does n't ? 
  ) , but this is a serious illness and the large selection of available products nowadays is a boon for those who suffer from it . 
  if the pasta is advertised as gluten free , then it is your right . 
  and if you 're celiac , it is a very important matter . 
  coincidentally , spain had an explosion of gluten free products before the whole trend started , because mercadona offered a whole selection of these products . 
  so it is not surprising that restaurants have that kind of ingredients , if you are looking for them . 
  ireland frontally opposes the idea of an eu army . 
  actually , they do . 
  unlike the uk or denmark , sweden and cr do not have opt outs of they euro . 
  not killing , in this case . 
   above the churros ok , we are now officially at war . 
  there are many types of napolitanas . 
  some with glazing , some very crumbsy with puff pastry , etc. 
  so ... estonia minimum wage is -3.1 $ ? 
  do n't worry . 
  for me , and true righteous people , it is called a napolitana . 
  he was doing very well , but he has initiated a flame war he can not escape now . 
  i was in helsinki too weeks ago and i was so happy . 
  now i am back and i just want to die because of how hot it is here . 
  and it will get worse when i come back to spain for summer . 
  summer is a never ending torture . 
   i am sure business owners and workers in the tourism industry in barcelona do not ~ ~ agree ~ ~ represent the majority of people . 
  it is fine to make everyone as happy as possible , but if giving to much to some ruins it for everyone else , then there has to be a limit . 
  this is how society works . 
  i agree . 
  that it is a big problem , specially in barcelona , i think it is not even controversial . 
  for years , barcelona is following the path of venice , turning into a museum-city , which citizens live outside it and commute to work . 
  i hope it does n't , because it is a very lovely city and that would completely kill what makes barcelona special . 
   european innovation scoreboard  israel we live in eurovision now . 
  these are stereotypes . 
  they do n't need to be correct , they only exist because enough people thought they are real . 
  wow . 
  we have gone downwards since then . 
  officially triggered . 
  well played , sir . 
  spain can not into english . 
  taking into account that many spaniards live in regions with more than one official language , having 1.7 is a pretty terrible mark . 
  we can not even win when cheating . 
  resistance is futile . 
  it has a nice python api too . 
  that i do n't know . 
  i used the example of my samsung tablet because it is my newest gadget and i bought it about one year ago . 
  it still has the warranty . 
  whether something has changed in that year or if it is a matter of the decision of a company i can not say . 
  in am not an expert in this field . 
  but it is something like complaining that the child proof medicament bottles are limiting your freedom . 
  it does n't make any sende , because you still can open it and take as many as you want . 
  there are simply some safety measurements by default . 
  my samsung tablet can go as high as my old ipod ( 2008 ) . 
  it just shows a message and the volume bar turns red . 
  if you have a problem with apple , here is the solution : stop buying apple . 
  edit : i can connect both to the system of my car and make the windows vibrate . 
  my tablet shows the warning and the volume bar turns red , but i can still do it . 
  i do n't know why people are complaining . 
  as someone who is quite ignorant in the topic , as most people , i appreciate the warning , because i do n't know by heart what the safety limit is . 
  what limited freedom ? 
  the very picture of op shows that you can turn it off and loss as much audition as you want !, 
  what freedom are you losing , when you can do exactly what you said ? 
  then we wonder how the concrete block apartments happened . 
  they were `` beautiful '' . 
  people even produced postal cards . 
  thank goodness this project did n't take off . 
  and called them traitors to the race . 
  for racist and white supremacist , that is even worse . 
  yes , you would want it . 
  it is an annoyance if it is a false alarm , but it also prevents deaths , in case it is not a false alarm . 
  specially in the flats above , because the fire moves upwards very fast . 
  i have seen that in every building i have lived . 
  this thread is the first time i read that there are buildings in which there is none as a * feature * and not as a * bug * . 
  i feel like , after 62 deaths , the policy is going to change . 
  this is not something that can be simply ignored . 
  the forests have to be worked to put firewalls , etc and both spain and portugal are lacking in funds for them since the crisis . 
  the fires are only getting worse .
