  and if they were not doing the referendum , the answer would be `` no '' directly . 
  they tried to find some agreements in line with their electoral promises , so no referendum would be needed . 
  maybe some people wanted to give the government a chance to try to have a better deal , but now that it is not possible , they prefer to come back to the old agreements instead of exiting the euro ? 
  do your plumber work on unexpected events without asking for your agreement as the house owner ? 
  the plumber can perfectly tell you that he would n't or he would do such a reform , but at the end , you are the one who has to decide what to do . 
  it has nothing to do with `` not be up '' for the work . 
  and , i have to tell you , i am not an expert in the field . 
  as varoufakis said , if you think economics is a real science , the only logical step would be to remove democracy and install a group of technocrats . 
   if they arent up to the job , hold new elections . 
  they did their job , they show the results to the greek people , and they ask what they think about them , because the game has changed since they had been elected . 
  i wish more politicians would do that . 
  they have done everything they have been asked for and the predictions under those agreements were created , have failed time after time after time . 
  now it simply seems that they were never supposed to work in the first place . 
  look at [ this picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/susdfrs.jpg ) and tell me with a straight face that you would keep trusting the person who is guiding you . 
  for me , we are speaking about gamblers that do not know when to stop when their recipes are failing . 
  you did it already . 
  actually , three times in the past century . 
  the wirtschaftw\u00fcnder was constructed by people outside germany so the country could grow up again . 
  it was not created within germany , which was a pitiful wasteland after two world wars . 
  insane amount of money injection , massive debt cuts , countries agreements to not reclaim high reparations for the war again , etc, 
  you are basically obligating a party to campaign for an option which is against their principles , as a part of a monetary agreement . 
  one has to literally sell his own principles to have an agreement about ask the people what they want ? 
  how fucked up is that ? 
  itt : i am surprised that when switzerland they organize referendums for almost everything , nobody claims the end of the world or `` that topic is too complicated '' . 
   if you disagree with this idea , that 's fine , but then why have a representative democracy at all ? 
  because they have been fighting for months to reach an agreement , a thing that christoforos the baker and karl the bus driver had no time or knowledge to do . 
  economics is not a science . 
  there is no `` solution '' to the problem , because it depends on the political view of who you ask . 
  they are just asking for the political view on the matter of the greek people . 
  they are not deciding anything which is related with the substance of the agreement . 
  they are not going to cherry pick what they want and what they do n't about it . 
  they are only going to be asked about the fact that the government proposals have not being heard and if they want a new bail-out . 
  i think anyone who has read the news latter knows what is likely to happen in both scenarios . 
  i say likely , because we have n't been here before . 
  the technicals of the imf have failed prediction after prediction , so i am rather skeptical about their opinion in a new ground . 
  they represent 36 % of greeks , not even the majority . 
  what amazes me is that in europe we have accepted that such numbers can decide in such important moments . 
  the `` game '' in which they were elected has changed and people has to decide a different question that it was `` asked '' in general elections . 
  actually , both the greek government and the troika had it into the agreements . 
  they just differ in the time lapse and the starting point . 
  but , we all know that early retirement is not the main point of the problem , do we ? 
  however , speaking about butchering the ekas is harder . 
  greece has been the country which has implemented more measured of all during this 5 years and it has only served to make the hole deeper and deeper . 
  i do n't think it is about taking hard measures , it is about not seeing the light at the end of the tunnel . 
  most people do n't know the difference between both , in the case they even know thwy are different institutions . 
  to be honest , i read the `` us vs them '' in bild before the greeks started to say it . 
  no , actually the purpose matters a lot . 
  war is not something you go because of the sake of doing so . 
  two countries do not need to destroy each other for one to surrender . 
  when one 's objective is fulfilled , the war ends . 
  we are sure nobody has thought about it and you are going to save the day , but stop flooding the sub . 
  honest question , who are the real alternatives for syriza at the moment ? 
  are there more new parties ? 
  as far as i know , in the `` options '' you can count the party the two parties that lied to europe about the greek numbers ( and , therefore , are the cause of this mess ) and golden dawn , which i would prefer not to see rising . 
  i think he means terrorist attacks . 
  it is bad translated . 
  basically , the usa government has announced that the negotations should restart , even putting in the table a reduction of greece 's debt . 
  the thing is that greece is a part of the nato and usa does not want them playing closer and closer with russia . 
  i would say that i needed that to pay the rent , but being it only `` temporal '' i guess that my landlord would understand it and delay for a week the payment . 
  obama has just called merkel today and told her `` hey , whats up ? 
  let 's talk about reducing the debt of greece '' . 
  this next week is going to be interesting . 
  let 's see how everything ends . 
  it was reduced in the sense of valve 's sale : it was increased and then reduced a bit . 
  i have read the same thing in another threads of this very same sub , like , we should leave people to drown , so the next ones wo n't even try . 
  so this guy is probably a troll , but the idea he is expressing is , sadly , real in some people 's head . 
  i probably wo n't move from russia . 
  but stopping the car of the ambassador of france is not something you want to . 
  not because snowden is very important for france , but because if france does not react to that , its image would be much weaker . 
  who would stop the car , anyway ? 
  they can reach france through eu countries and it would be a very , very spiky situation in the middle of important negotiations . 
  is there any country which allegory is not a woman ? 
  really ? 
  because in the lights of the torture program of the us , i think that any french court could rule that their rights wo n't , in fact , be respected . 
  or he could do a 2-3 days travel in the ambassador of france 's car . 
  not the most pleasant travel , but it is not exactly an `` usual situation '' . 
  there is a range of penalties , from 6 to 12 years . 
  if you committed a rape , there is no option to sentence you less than 6 years . 
  i am not sure about the finnish law , but in spain `` introducing any part of the body in someone 's anus , vagina or mouth , with sexual intentions '' is a rape . 
  the factor that difference rape from sexual assault is the `` introduction of a body part '' . 
  so in spain , that would be considered a gang rape . 
  as i said , it seems that in finland , it is not . 
   because we have a large poor uneducated migrant population . 
  so the problem is not the jail and it being sort of a * holiday resort * for some people , the problem is the poverty and the lack of education . 
  having harsher penalties would change any of the last ones ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i mean , you are the one who said :  well the issue is how strong a deterrent prison is . 
  well , that is something i can relate to . 
  certainly i think that a rapist who do n't go to jail because of some `` ludicrous '' law things such as `` not being humiliating enough '' is a terrible failure of the system . 
  but that is a problem with the finnish legal system , not with somalis , like the guy i was answering to , who said that the main problem was that we are in the schengen area . 
  the whole article is about the nationality of the rapists . 
  did it matter , to begin with ? 
  yeah , you should read then the other comments . 
  can you explain to me what has to do `` non-existent punishment '' with `` schengen area '' , for example ? 
  and the article , because the whole point of the article is how outrage has a racist background . 
  literally , the title is `` how the rape in tapanila started an outrage against ** somalis ** in finland '' . 
  not against rapist but against somalis . 
   you are assuming reform is possible . 
  rapists have a low rehabilitation rate . 
  as far as i know , there are some jails in scandinavia with special programs to reform rapist , which have a rehabilitation rate higher than for any other crime .
