  i just thought that the majority would have a clearer memory and a bit more of empathy . 
  i am not a racist , because i have a lot of brits friends , but ... 
  i have a better idea . 
  what if we take our historic burden and help them to build countries that do n't resemble to hell on earth so they can decide to stay ? 
  maybe not even help . 
  i guess that with stopping the over exhaust of those countries it would be sufficient . 
  i mean , the `` first world '' still takes more from african countries that they put in , so it is a net loss for them , but we think that they just stay there quiet and do n't disturb us too much ? 
  i know it sounds crazy , but there are some countries in africa that are not that bad and people is not willing to risk their lives in a toy boat to come to europe . 
  it is like magic or something . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  so we should only respect human rights and international law when it is convenient ? 
  what a bullshit . 
  it is not a problem about if eu could do whatever they wanted or not , but about what should we do . 
  are we becoming the bush ' era us and i have n't received the notification yet ? 
   no one is going to bat an eye or lift a finger . 
  so we should make something just because nobody is going to contest us because we are too powerful ? 
  seriously , what the actual fuck . 
  i think that is because firenze has a culture based tourism , whereas a lot of the tourism in barcelona is drunk-as-much-as-you-can based . 
  many things have been tried to reverse it , but they did n't work that well . 
  as i said later , it is not the tourism , but the kind of tourist that barcelona 's people dislike . 
  i mean , it was 10-11 years ago . 
  i do n't remember much of specific things in the restaurants ( i never pay attention to them ) , just the overall experience . 
  when i am traveling with my family , the chosen restaurant is pretty much the closer to us while we are walking around the streets . 
  i do n't remember the name of such a place , which is sad , because it provided us with countless hours of laughs afterwards . 
  we were a lot around times square , because we reduced our travel to manhattan , since we were only there for one week . 
  we crossed times square at least twice a day , so we ate a lot there too . 
  and , yes , i remember there was some huge portions in the steak houses . 
  i guess that since it was just the holidays , we took the luxury of doing quite a lot in the week . 
  i remember that in one of them , it was the first time i remember seeing the `` refill '' policy with the soft-drinks . 
  it was like a paradise for my former-self . 
  my relation with nyc is quite strange for a person in the other side of the pond . 
  we were traveling to nyc on 9th of september and we had scheduled the visit to the wtc the 9/11 . 
  we canceled the travel because we decided to visit our family instead , but i remember seeing as a kid the place were we were supposed to be just falling apart in the tv . 
  the tourist groups were supposed to be there later , but as a kid you do n't remember those details . 
  and , despite being a stupid child-trauma , it was kind scary to visit nyc for the first time after that happened . 
  surely the next visit wo n't be delayed that much . 
  i remember trying many grill and steak houses near times square ( because our hotel was close to it , so to dinner it was better ) . 
  i also tried mcdonalds to see if it was different than what i have tried before since it is such a clich\u00e9 in films , and everything was just . . too big for me . 
  i had to leave half of it , but even that was fine . 
  the only bad experience i remember was an steak house far away from times square . 
  it was not only over-prized , but the portions were extremely small and poorly cooked . 
  it took two hours and a half for our meal to be served , and the restaurant was almost empty . 
  they even mistaken the dishes and refused to change them , despite it was their fault !, 
  it was so ridiculously bad that instead of being angry , we started to laugh as how ridiculously bad it was . 
  i would have expected such a thing in a very touristic part of the city , but it was a rather common neighborhood , in which we happened to be at 14.30 coming back to the hotel . 
  i visited nyc and i loved it . 
  but you can not really compare both . 
  nyc receives around 11m international tourists per year having almost 16m inhabitants , whereas barcelona receive around 6m international tourists per year having 1.6 m inhabitants . 
  even if you take the total number of tourist , 26m in ny and almost 8m in barcelona , the proportion is still out of control in barcelona , despite being also big in nyc . 
  i have visited both cities ( barcelona quite a few times and nyc , sadly , only once ) and barcelona felt crowded whereas in nyc , outside times square , you actually get to see normal people doing normal lives , despite the large amount of tourist . 
  to be honest , a guy told us something similar while in egypt and , despite none of us spoke arabic , we could understand by the context that they needed to pass with a carriage and we were occupying a bit to much of the street . 
  i mean , there is no need to be a rocket engineer to see that your group is holding most of the street width and someone is moving the hand with the gesture of `` move your ass '' . 
  i think people like tourist . 
  not only because of the money , but because it is a good feeling that other people around the globe find your city interesting enough to spend their money to come here . 
  the problem is that cities like barcelona ( or the extreme case of venice ) are becoming more a museum for tourist instead of a living city , which , in return , is killing what made them special to begin with . 
  in barcelona there is a lot of the kind of tourism that only brings people without any kind of respect for the locals , their culture or their daily lives . 
  they are noisy , they are always drunk , they destroy the public goods , they are disrespectful , etc. 
  i think this is the kind of tourism that should go away , not tourism in general . 
  sure , many people is making money from it , but it is not worth for the vast majority of the citizens . 
  not many people use it right now , since we prefer the usage of kilogram , however , there are still units such as arroba or piedra which are used to buy potatoes in towns . 
  for example , an onza of chocolate is the aprox . 
  weight of every piece of a chocolate tablet . 
  in the same way , three sacks of potatoes are around one arroba . 
  people use those units because they are used to , albeit younger people , living in cities , might have never heard about them . 
  by the way , we call this symbol arroba , because that is the original symbol of the arroba . 
  there is discussion about the origin , but it was mainly used by portuguese and spanish merchants as a unit of mass , with this @ symbol . 
  i could not care less about her death . 
  on one hand , i could not feel sorry for such human being to die , and saying the opposite would be hypocritical for me , but since she left power long ago , her death did not change anything she did , so it was indifferent after all . 
  i was making a joke about it because of the people who danced in the streets . 
  i have seen jokes about more hard topics and people were not offended . 
  it is just a double standard . 
  yet another sport invented in britain in which they lose to other countries . 
  jokes . 
  i thought people would n't have such a thin skin . 
  then i remembered she is the british reagan , sort of a demigod come to earth for some people . 
  you could say that she is dead . 
  that is a good thing about her . 
  probably they have seen the true face of the eurozone and decided to nope as fast as they could . 
  that spanish self hate , tho . 
  my parents lived during the dictatorship and my grandparents fought during the war . 
  it is kinda `` the other day '' in historical terms . 
  no , he meant literally . 
  the funder of the current governing party was a minister in the franco era . 
  it sounds to me like the definition of fascist . 
  it is kinda pathetic , i do agree . 
  from time to time , we europeans need to repeat the few things we believe we do better than anyone else to pat ourselves in the back . 
  unnecessary bashing of the us is kinda common around here . 
  it is not that the issues those threads are pointing are not correct ( incarceration rates , war on drugs , health care , etc ) , it is just that they are used as a dick measure contest . 
  any economical system and any economical decision has ideology entangled within the very core . 
  there is no `` neutral '' economists , just people that never realised their own bias / affiliation . 
  if you do n't agree with it , if you think there is one , and only one , solution which is more correct than any other , the way to go should be to remove democracy and install a group of technocrats , for there is then one unique solution for every problem . 
  well , not that much . 
  basque country has always been one of the center of the spanish heavy industry ( as well as the rest of the north close to france ) for its position and they have always had good local policies for the economy . 
  from wikipedia , gdp per capita : denmark $ 37 657 finland $ 34 652 basque country $ 31 288 andalusia $ 17 443 i think it is more comparable to finland or denmark than to andalusia . 
  edit : corrector . 
  actually , most people i know agree to help greece , because many of them have felt their situation of lack of hope in their very own flesh and can be empathetic . 
   i know they bought brand new tanks and subs from germany . 
  yes , they were obligated by contract to spend a certain amount of that 9 % in german machinery . 
  original debt went , where the debt of all countries go . 
  germany , france , italy , the us .
