   ritschl : measured in each case against the economic performance of the usa , the german debt default in the 1930s alone was as significant as the costs of the 2008 financial crisis . 
  compared to that default , today 's greek payment problems are actually insignificant . 
  germany defaulted three times the last century with reduction of debt and economic stimuli in every case . 
  now we need a marshall plan for greece and not the petty bail-outs , until we have a grieches wirstchaftwunder . 
  but that wo n't happen , because we are not in the fifties . 
   it 's not a question of it being fair . 
  the banking crisis was n't fair for anyone , excuse me , but when i tune german tv or read german newspapers , all i can read is about how germany should not pay anything more because `` it would not be fair for germans '' . 
  so , yes , it is about the sentiment of fairness and how some people believe they are not guilty of anything , but other people are . 
  it is actually the cornerstone for the current situation , in which collaboration is hard because it is hard , politically speaking , to make people understand a complex situation and that it is not that simple as `` spanish banks needed money so spain is the only country which should take debt for them '' . 
  [ i think germany should take a look at its own history before the next round of negotiations , for they are the vivid example of how a debt crisis is solved leading to an stable country . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/economic-historian-germany-was-biggest-debt-transgressor-of-20th-century-a-769703.html ) because without the marshall plans and the debt cut , they would be nowadays on the level the ex-soviets countries . 
   sadly , banking sectors these days are linked to the point where it doesnt really matter whether a banking crisis starts in the us or in europe , both are gon na be fucked regardless . 
  i find funny that you said that , because spain has had to take a lot of public debt ( despite being one of the few countries which were within the limits of the eu , unlike germany , about the public debt ratio ) because spanish banks needed money to pay german and french banks , because those were in the creation of the economic bubble as much as the spanish banks , but are the spanish people the ones who have to pay the debt ? 
  seems fair to me . 
  for reasons like that , in spain people is moving towards the `` fuck you '' position . 
   one member state being in severe trouble / = the entire eu failing . 
  the eu is slowly collapsing , because it has shown that it is completely ineffective to face challenges . 
  grexit , brexit , the raise of podemos and so on are the symptoms . 
  i am not implying that the other countries are failing economically , but rather that the union , as union , is failing . 
   a lot of individual nations did that , and yes , it worked for them . 
  because they had the money necessary , because they did n't run their finances into the ground before the banking crisis actually hit . 
  a lot of nations took money they did n't have to do it , because they knew that it was a matter or doing it or going downwards . 
  the first example that came to my mind is the end of the big depression by the largest investment ever done by a government , the wwii . 
  [ let 's not forget that germany owes the usa the fact that they are now stable . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/economic-historian-germany-was-biggest-debt-transgressor-of-20th-century-a-769703.html ) so it seems rather hypocritical for me that they always come `` we know it all and we never did anything wrong economically speaking '' . 
  the marshall plans were orders of magnitude bigger than what greece needs at the moment . 
  germany , which know seems so reticent to the `` investment '' , is the vivid example of how a big stimulus break the self-destruction spiral . 
  defaulting in debt is another historical options . 
  more often than not , kings and countries decided not to pay the debt , because it was impossible to pay it . 
  sometimes it is better to be regarded as `` the bad guy '' for some decades , but be able to keep breathing , than to be `` the trustful guy '' in the bottom of the hole . 
  something like what germany did during the wheimar republic , when they created their new currency to scape the hyperinflation and skipped a big chunk of the debt . 
   the issue here is that neither the eu nor the ez are countries . 
  they 're unions of multiple nations , all of which are still responsible for their own finances and fiscal policies even though they do share a currency in case of the eurozone . 
  which is the whole point of the problem . 
  the eu is an atrociously designed union in which most of the countries share the same currency but do n't have a fiscal union . 
  therefore , they are tied together with the same rope , but can not solve their individual problems as individuals , because they do n't have such a power . 
   the simple result of that is that until the moment we are able to fundamentally change our union a course like the one taken with greece is the only valid option left . 
  which is why the eu is failing so hard with an american crisis . 
  let 's not forget that this all started in the usa but , somehow , is the eu the one that has been failing hard to get out the hole . 
   the thinking is greece with its leftie government and anti-austerity agenda needs to be severely punished and made an example of to prevent spain , italy , etc. 
  going the same way . 
  it wo n't work of course ... 
  it is actually having the opposite effect . 
  if before 2008 you told me that a group of young people would go out the 15m and would be the cathalyst to a new political party which in their first try has gotten important cities like madrid or barcelona and look really strong towards the the general elections , i would have told you that you were mad . 
  i mean , madrid was governed by the pp for 21 years !, 
  but now is a reality . 
  at the end of the year we will see if spain will join team greece and if that happens , we will see if the eu will play the same game with one of the top 5 economies in the union . 
  you know what is great to balance the budget ? 
  to have an economy able to do it . 
  otherwise , it is just a downwards cycle : you cut , because cut some parts of the budget ? 
  sure . 
  but without stimuli it is half efficient at most . 
  at some points the spiral would stop , but with a bit of empathy and brain , europe , not only greece , would have dodged the bullet better . 
  look at the usa . 
  they stopped the recession by injecting billions into the market because some states needed . 
  they understood that the weakness of a few would affect the strength of the whole . 
  in the short term and with the simple picture , sure , it was great for some europeans , that did n't have `` to pay for the mistakes of others '' ( despite the fact that the greek government lied to their people as much as they lied to the other countries , which should have known better that a random baker named christophoros ) . 
  in the long term , however , the greek economy ( and other economies which has been deeply affected by the uncertainties related to the whole problem ) has had a recession of decades , which mean that we ( all of us ) are weaker than we were before . 
  politically , it was the easier solution . 
  but more often than not , the easier political solution is not the best solution for the real world . 
  if you are fat and you want to get fit , you have to balance your nutrients , but actually you have to eat a lot , even more than before . 
  people who only balance the nutrients will get thinner and thinner , but wo n't build any muscle . 
  they get less fat but not stronger . 
  trying to balance a country 's economy as you balance your family 's economy is a terrible mistake and any expert will tell you that . 
  the end of every recession has always come with a big stimulus or default of the debt , anything to break the downwards spiral . 
  i propose then you to die first . 
  how does it feel to be treated as good instead of a fucking human being ? 
  oh , yes , that is exactly how human rights work : defend them until they are in your way , then just `` interpret them in a different way '' so you can still pretend that you care about them . 
  just like the people who argue that some humans should not have human rights . 
   i apologize for this waste of life . 
  you do n't have to apologize for the way you use your life , man . 
  you are not a waste . 
  when obvious trolls are so obvious it is not even funny . 
  i would like to feel offended instead of laughing when i read your comment . 
  have a nice day . 
  oh , yes . 
  this subreddit has been going down the hill faster and faster since some time ago . 
  but in these cases i wear negatives as medals . 
  it is easier to shut up and stand by than to stand up and say something the majority of the people do not want to hear . 
  i remember that . 
  i liked that . 
  but i think that dream is death and buried . 
  if the only thing that keep people showing humanity is the law , we are pretty shitty people . 
  i could not care less over the international conventions . 
  i say what i say because i think it is the correct thing , not because there is a law that say so . 
  like if spain did not receive tons of immigrants every year from morocco and sub-saharian countries . 
  not to speak about latin american immigration , that was huge during the last decades . 
  and like if i supported my government 's immigration policy . 
  i happen to be spaniard , it does not mean that i can decide the policy of my government by myself alone . 
  yeah , attack the man for things he can not change , such as origin , instead of the idea . 
  if it takes just an economic crisis for the european ideals to crumble , there were no ideals to begin with . 
  and i am starting to doubt the existence of those ideals . 
  nop . 
  please , just do n't check the other threads about the topic . 
  seriously , i have lost my faith in europe 's redemption . 
  edit : just do not read this thread either . 
  the amount of upvotes some racists have is uncanny . 
  itt : people saying that italy should send back the refugees to a country which is in the middle of a civil war . 
  way to go , humanity , way to go . 
  edit : the more comments i read in this thread , the more i ask myself what has happened to us .
