  the valencians ? 
  the people from la rioja ? 
  the people from the canary islands ? 
  there is no `` spaniards '' as the spanish culture is by definition the sum of all its parts . 
  when you use that kind of terminology , you seem to imply that all the spaniards are equal and only the catalans are different . 
  if you do n't want to point to something more specific , i do n't know what are you talking about , because i think that is not the right diagnosis for the problem . 
  so , what ? 
  what are they going to do if barcelona wants to stay ? 
  taking it by the force ? 
  if barcelona would like to go too , that would be another issue , but if at the end they want to stay , the rest of catalonia ca n't do anything about it . 
  not every city by itself but i definitively see some of the provinces , such as barcelona , staying in spain in the case of an independence of catalonia . 
  at the end , they are already in spain , they just have to not to leave . 
  catalonia could not obligate them to leave , since , to begin with , they would be going against the law anyway . 
  if the unity of spain is not something to be preserved , by should the catalonia 's unity be ? 
  [ for the context ] ( http://popdensitymap.ucoz.ru/5.population_density-administrative_boundaries-map.png ) the map is almost the negative of the density of population heat map . 
  the lecture is quite simple : in small towns , the independentism is stronger . 
  almost all big cities have less than 50 % of votes for independentism . 
  even clearer is the case of barcelona . 
  i forgot that now small towns can overrule the government law and its obligations via agreements and treaties . 
  can i make a referendum in my small town for whatever i want , even if it is against the law ? 
   the eu was n't formed to redistribute refugees , i 'm sorry . 
  yes , it was , among other things . 
  you can not belong into an union without giving a part of your sovereignty . 
  and this case is regarded in the european law , which they accepted . 
  i guess you speak for all the ee countries and their peoples . 
  we can start to call you legion , then . 
  edit : typo . 
   no government should be able to dictate what you do with your own property . 
  every government dictates what you do with your own property , since the goods of a country belongs to the greater good of the society . 
  are you allowed to expand your house without the city hall 's approval ? 
  can you buy a house in your property , if that property is not considered up to construction ? 
  can you change the facade of the buildings in the old town of your city at will ? 
  does n't already your government tax you differently for the first , second and following houses you own ? 
  what is the difference between fining you 50.000 or changing the law so everyone pays 50.000 with a 50.000 of discount for the first house ? 
  anyway , this is n't even expropriating , because the property still belongs to you . 
  edit : you should really review what autocracy means . 
  obligating people to rent their unoccupied apartments because there is a lack of space in big cities is exactly the same than removing democracy , installing an completely empowered dictator and removing any kind of limit to the government ? 
  one can be in favor or not about the measure , but calling it autocracy ... people use this kind of terms too loosely and they are losing any kind of real meaning . 
  for some reason , they have to complement their lack of arguments with some kind of `` extra strength '' by adding some `` strong words '' . 
  it was something discussed before the refugee crisis . 
  before it was a good thing and now it is not ? 
  frenemies for ever !, 
  newspapers , magazines , books , people in debates , etc it is not the street language , but not so uncommon either . 
  jxs can rule with minority . 
  however , if mas is the president , cup said they are not going to negotiate with them , and the rest of the parties do n't want anything to do with jxs . 
  so probably , yes . 
  anyway , this is the problem with jxs : they were created to be the `` yes '' option . 
  however , they do n't have any program beyond that . 
  in fact , they are composed of two parties in the two sides of the political spectrum , thus they wo n't agree in anything ( or they should n't if they are any coherent ) . 
  agree . 
  i oppose many of their views , but i think that they have a moral standard that i wish other spanish parties would emulate . 
  as far as i know , people still agree to have conversation about the independence , however in a more moderate way and not by unilateral declaration . 
  i think that in any case , the outcome will be better for all . 
  in spanish , switzerland can be referred to as * confederaci\u00f3n helv\u00e9tica * or `` helvetic confederation '' . 
  on the same token , why would spain spend more money on the military when , as you said , it has n't been threatened ? 
  with both arguments , my conclusion is the same , there is no need for further spending . 
  countries already spend more than enough in self defense . 
  i know you did n't , i did mention two actions . 
  that is why i said `` in my comment '' . 
  my mistake for explaining myself poorly . 
  anyway , i am glad that we both are on the same side against actions that are clearly bigoted and have no place in our societies . 
  in my comment i compared actions to actions , one of them being a pretty famous case in the us that has been fiercely defended in reddit as just an expression of freedom . 
  but , anyway , this question is simple and very concrete : should the people who refuse to bake cakes for gay weddings be allowed in sweden if , as you said , the people who do not shake women 's hands should gtfo ? 
  p.s : and , by the way , voting is also an action and way more important and impactful than simply to shake a hand . 
  so when people vote in favor of discrimination , for me that stops being simply an opinion . 
  i do n't see homophobes as simply people with other political view , but as people with a blatant disregard for human rights . 
  i find interesting that you point out not shaken a woman 's hand as your red line , but not wanting to make a cake for a gay wedding is just a political opinion , when both have a clear message of discrimination . 
  what ? 
  i thought you . . well , i have already ordered the new maps without britain , thus now you have to leave !, 
  you are digging the hole deeper . 
  as i said , `` tanks '' and the likes are only useful to invade me countries without nukes . 
  so let 's deprecate already the bullshit about `` spending on defense '' , because spending on tanks is spending on offense and interventionist power . 
  at least call it for what it is . 
  nukes and submarines are the only things one would need for self defense . 
  as you said , it is like a car with two gears : being invaded or not being invaded . 
  as i said , should the us get rid off everything except their best missiles for nukes and their best submarines , under the thread of going nuclear as soon as their territory is in danger , nobody on earth would dare to think to invade the us . 
  as simple as that . 
  edit : just to be clear , i am not saying that all countries should simply give up absolutely all of their military . 
  i am just arguing that nato already spends more money than the rest of the no nato countries in the world combined . 
  countries could spend half of it and the total sum would still be higher . 
  this ever growing need to spend more on what is essentially offensive capabilities justified as `` defense '' is what is very , very unpopular in germany . 
  germany does not want to project power via military power but via economy . 
  they want to spend exactly what is needed to self-defense and nothing else . 
   and why is that ? 
  the amount of the super-cool-new-tanks is mainly irrelevant for defense . 
  they mainly serve to invade me countries which do not have nukes . 
  submarines and nukes are the two things that would still have any impact in wwiii . 
  in other words , if the us reduced its whole army to nukes and submarines , nobody would ever think about invading them anyway . 
  i wish more politicians would do that , to come forward and acknowledge wrong doing publicly instead of doubling down , attacking aggressively to people pointing out and waiting for other scandal to come so people forget . 
  the poll differences are 14 points on second round , according to op . 
  a much safer scenario than fillon vs le pen, 
   if we subsidise the price too much people become wasteful . 
  the difference is that if i work in espoo , transportation is not an option , so i do n't see how would people get wasteful , when it is a need . 
  after crunching some numbers , using a car would be , at the end , more expensive but also much more convenient . 
  i am having problems to justify not doing it if i lived in helsinki the whole year . 
  the only reason why i do n't is because i truly believe that the environment has to be taken care , even if it comes with a small personal sacrifice . 
  but other people wo n't see it that way . 
  edit : a word . 
  with some milk , they are the most nutritive breakfast !, 
  op uses the term that some right wing people use , being their argument : things like same sex marriage , abortions , etc is a direct attack to the traditional christian family in their view , which for them is the only working family .
