  for people in the_saltmine , the most joyful news would n't be `` crimes went down '' or `` more people enjoy life '' but `` terrorist attack in france by an asylum seeker '' . 
  i think they are psychopaths , incapable of feeling empathy , and they do n't care to wish that people die if they think that would help them push their agenda . 
  and the fact that he wrote the name correctly . 
  on a serious note for a native speaker : is it correct to say `` to working with him '' ? 
  if my understanding is correct , should n't it be `` to work with him '' , because after to goes an infinitive ? 
  honest question , just want to learn . 
   one of them even questioned the legitimacy due to the low turnout . 
  still way higher than the usual ones in many other countries , by the way . . 
  well , my duty has been completed !, 
  you are welcome , france . 
  time to go to bed . 
  he is not a very good gambler if he was gambling 500 pounds for a 2 % chance . 
  also , another example of the alt-right : what they want is defined not by principles , but for what would make `` libtards '' cry . 
  oh no you did n't !, 
  they need their safe spaces , you heartless monster !, 
  i am not a fan of football , but i also have what i find a very funny coincidence . 
  since i become an adult , spain has won 2 euros and 1 world cup , then i moved to germany , and germany won worlds . 
  the only one that did n't work was the portugal prediction , although i did visit the country for a conference the previous month , so i want to believe it was that . 
  i will skip my siesta before going to bed to see the results . 
  i guess that this further confirm that i am the chosen one , which puts more weight in my shoulders : <, 
  maybe this is just all a very long , collective nightmare . 
  yes , that is why i am staying awake , to not commit the same mistake again . 
  i slept through brexit , us elections and turkish referendum . 
  i stayed awake for the austrian and dutch elections . 
  i learnt my lesson : no more sleeping and `` waking up to the news '' the next day , because all the times i have done that , the news have been horrible . 
  i am staying awake until the mathematical victory is cast . 
  op said :  immigrants have no right to benefits until they 've worked and paid taxes for a number of years if it is the law , it is a legal fact . 
  whether the law is correctly applied or whether it is the correct law to have it is another discussion . 
  but the law is what it is . 
  we both should be able to read the same law and see the same words . 
  when someone says then says :  its what many people in europe feel . 
  what i interpret is that he is saying that people can simply forget about the fact that the law is what it is and say things like `` the law gives immigrants benefits from the very beginning '' , which is a recurrent type of comment in reddit , even if the law clearly do not say that , just because they `` feel '' it . 
  again , if the law is correctly applied or not it is another debate . 
  it has nothing to do with the topic of migrants or the topic of economy or whatever . 
  for me it is a matter of `` how it is '' and `` how people feel like it is '' . 
  as an eu immigrant in other eu countries , i could post my personal experience ( that you need to work for a time before you get benefits such as unemployment ) but that still would n't be the fact , because my personal experience is not the law . 
  at the end , i did n't meant to explain why they are wrong , just that answering facts with feels is not an argument , is demagogy . 
  facts can be discussed with facts , for example , if one thinks that the other person is manipulating them , or leaving important pieces out of the presentation . 
  i am only pointing out the irony of these people complaining that the left need `` safe spaces '' because they `` feel attacked when someone has a different '' opinion , yet they cry at every turn for safe spaces because they feel attacked . 
  in summary : the left wants spaces for people not feel discriminated and attacked because of race , gender , etc --  libtard , baby adults safe spaces the right wants spaces for people who feel attacked for `` the war on christmas '' --  true grown ups that are just defending themselves against a society that never give them a break . 
  whether i agree with their feelings or not is irrelevant . 
  i am just pointing out the irony of the situation . 
  as i said in another comment : seven billion people could believe that the earth is flat , have as many referenda and votes as they wanted , and it would n't change the reality . 
  the problem is that , nowadays , people have lead to believe that if enough people believe something , it is true , which is stupid . 
  in my opinion , the idea that everybody must have an opinion about a topic and that everybody 's opinion is equally valid , no matter how ignorant or well educated is one 's opinion , is what will regress our system back . 
  there are things that belongs into the realm of opinions and things that do not . 
  one is entitled to a personal opinion , but not to personal facts . 
  and to have a respectable opinion , one has to learn the facts first . 
  i do not have an opinion about thousands of topics , because i do not have a clue or , at most , not enough information or time spent studying the topics . 
  however , it seems that the paradigm of the current population 's idea of a valid opinion is the guy in the bar who talks about something that they are showing in the tv with a clear lack of knowledge about the topic . 
  well , the ancient greeks already described the cycle : democracy leads to demagogy which leads to dictatorship . 
  and back to the starting point . 
  people mistaking feelings with facts is not democracy , it is a mixture of demagogy , populism , ignorance and purpose misguidance . 
  seven billion people could believe that the earth is flat , have as many referenda and votes as they wanted , and it would n't change the reality . 
  the problem is that , nowadays , people have lead to believe that if enough people believe something , it is true , which is stupid . 
  on a side note , i never understood the argument of `` anything else is worse '' as an argument when discussing a specific problem with something , in this case democracy . 
  people who use it blindly as an answer for everything seem to think that our current representative system ( which one , because there are at least half dozen of kinds of them just in the western world ) is what it is , like if it had been sent by god written in stone , and can not be tweaked or modified or can not be subject to any improvements . 
  it is a lazy , and more often than not , wrong argument . 
  sure , and that is the problem . 
  the other redditor complained that the feelings do not correspond with reality and , in my opinion , that is when demagogy kicks in : it does n't matter how the reality is , just how your feels are about it . 
  war on christmas , war against men , war against whites , the donald , etc. 
  all of them are simply safe spaces for already privileged people to cry about other people wanting to remove those privileges , yet it is somehow the left which have `` safe spaces '' . 
   its what many people in europe feel . 
  that is the problem . 
  we have enter in the next stage , demagogy : feels over reality . 
  why ? 
  yes , it does . 
  that is why no country in the eu will extradite someone to somewhere where they could face inhuman treatment , even if that is the law of other countries . 
  by allowing the referendum they would be necessary cooperators of a violation of human rights . 
  not only european values , but also european law . 
  the european court of human rights is pretty clear about death penalty . 
  sure , but ireland was basically pushed to become a tax haven , to prevent the backslash from the eu that other countries have received for poor performance , thus harmonization has to come with a solution to the inherent problem . 
  i am a supporter of the idea of harmonization . 
  i just doubt that a french or a german will accept that part of their taxes will go to ireland , as taxes from a richer region within a country go to a poorer one . 
  i would be glad if i were proven wrong . 
  that was the idea , but the result is not that , basically because when we created the euro , a fiscal and banking harmonization was planned , but never implemented . 
  how would you call the fact that some countries inside the eu have way lower taxes to attract companies , if not a competition ? 
  why would you describe having different taxes as `` following the same rules '' ? 
  i do n't blame ireland for it , to be honest . 
  i see it more as an eu failure , for promoting and forcing countries to compete with each other instead of collaborating . 
  i would like those runs to the bottom to end , because they do n't help anyone but big companies , however i think that a solution should be given for ireland too . 
  and the allies were as bad as the nazis , amirite ? 
  well , i see your point there . 
  why not close the loopholes then ? 
  the eu is big enough to put the pressure for it . 
  i am not a doctor in economy , but if removing the corporate taxes and taxing more on the income seems to be better , i would like to hear about it . 
  however , i have a question . 
  if a company sells in a country and obtains some benefits , but all the employees are outside such country , how would the country receive the extra tax ( besides the vat ) that this new higher income tax would cover ? 
  for me , the idea would only work if the employees of the company are also taxable citizens for those countries . 
  we do n't even have a fiscal harmonization within the common market , so i do n't see how it would work . 
  not that the current situation , in which companies simply have shell companies in tax havens is better . 
   so the company is screwing over the owner of it 's company , which makes it a lot more controversial . 
  i would add `` sadly '' . 
  sadly it makes it more controversial , when the whole issue of inventive accounting should be more controversial than that . 
  well , that is ironic . 
  it hit me like a thunder right now . 
  is there anything more inherently spaniard that a church with scaffolds and cranes , that have been delayed for ever ? 
  just substitute gaud\u00ed for calatrava , add a few layers of corruption and i think we have found the perfect summary . 
  [ the simpson predicted it first . 
  weird .
