  in spain the phenomenon was called `` the hundred thousand sons of iniesta '' ( in reference to `` hundred thousand sons of saint louis '' ) , because there was an sudden increment of 11 % exactly 9 months after spain world the world cup for the first time . 
  the same spikes were also observed after winning both eurocups . 
  the erasmus program has been one of the most successful programs of the eu , according to its reports . 
  it has done more to create a sense of unity and understanding among european countries than any other program . 
  i know it gets made fun with names like orgasmus , but i worked very hard during my year abroad and i actually got one of my my best year average . 
  i got to practice english like i had never done before and i finally put some use to the german i knew , which i realise was almost non existent . 
  i learn a lot from germany and its people , the kind of things you can only learn by living somewhere for a certain time . 
  my only regret is not being able to go to other places . 
  i would repeat the experience , no questions about it . 
  i am worried about the apparent disonance of some people , however . 
  people want less globalism , less neoliberalism , less attack on public services , etc. . . so they go and vote for the people who carry that in their program . 
  it does n't make any sense for me . 
  the only reason i can see to do that would be if , in fact , peolpe wanted more globalism , more neoliberalism and more attacks on public services . 
  honestly , the list of people opposing the eu is the best argument i have seen in favor of the eu . 
  as with some of the trump voters , i understand where they come from ( fear for the future , lack of hope , desire of change , ... ) but i do n't understand where are they going . 
  people want more help from the state , yet they vote for people who are going to do the opposite . 
  if i had to guess why , i would say that because those people offer simple solution that almost everybody can understand immediately , even if the problems are complex and the best solutions are not always something that can be explained within the attention span of the average voter . 
  in my opinion , nationalism is the pride of those who can not be proud for anything they have accomplished . 
  i think that one thing is to enjoy your country , or to see potential for change , or being satisfied with your contribution to the society and other to pride oneself on accomplishments to which you have n't contributed like if you were a `` part of the team '' just because of your nationality . 
  it is sort of like the world cup : it is nice to enjoy rooting for your national team , having fun with friends or following your favorite player and other is to think that you had anything with the victory or defeat , taking things personally or feeling superior to others just because your team won . 
  that is quite pathetic . 
  but all of that boils down to what you said : some people want to be proud of something . 
  and things like race or nationality are `` sources of pride '' for many that can not usually be questioned or taken away . 
  it is not a synonym , but a synecdoche , if i am not wrong . 
  my comment was simply a joke . 
  of course i know that people use both terms in casual conversations , but it was a surprise to see it in an `` official '' poster . 
  i guess that propaganda ( which is not always is bad , despite the current connotations ) has the function to reach as many as possible , and probably more people would use holland than the netherlands . 
  i think that `` not the best '' and `` the worst '' are very different things . 
  i highly doubt made in germany is the worst and your comment is probably an exaggeration . 
  he says that he uses the languages to speak with the colleges , so i assume that he uses many of them weekly , at least for the european ones . 
  i can say that his spanish was very good . 
  that being said , greek have a phonetic which is very similar to that spanish , so that could help . 
  there is no `` hardest language '' . 
  depending on your mother language , a set of languages are easier than others . 
  as for what is complicated in mandarin , intonation is key . 
  i think that is the part with which students struggle the most . 
  so , when did the rest of the netherlands join ? 
   yall do you think you do n't ? 
  anyway , you are more than welcome to point out where i am wrong and why . 
  when you are in saville during summer and 40c in the shadow , you want the coldest beer on the planet . 
  that is why cruzcampo has types like subzero . 
  also , it has to be very light because you will drink a lot of them . 
  cruzcampo is not , and does n't try to be , a fancy beer . 
  if you want very good spanish beers , even on the international level , try estrella galicia and alhambra reserva 1925 , which is called `` milnos '' by locals . 
  p.d : as a side note , a study of ocu found that the best beer in spain , even better than the ones i mentioned , was the white trademark of hipercor . 
  edit : a word . 
  or the famous `` spain is different '' . 
  to summarize it with a [ picture . 
  i do n't know , but if i had to make a guess , as i said in other comment , that kind of people believe that the `` strong man '' will always be in their favor . 
  therefore , if they are anti-islam , so is their `` strong man '' . 
  i noticed the typo but i refused to changed . 
  i knew it would piss someone off . 
  i am somehow honored that you have dedicated a third of your comments to me . 
  do n't look at me , i am just a tree-huger . 
  i think that after wwii and with the construction of a common project , the european values have changed . 
  i do n't believe in the volksgeist . 
  i do n't think societies have inherently qualities that are immutable through history . 
  if anything , that is why i do n't like the `` traditional values '' , because i associate those with what you mentioned . 
  the reason why i am so fearful for the current events , because people take the tolerance , freedom , respect for human rights and the likes as granted , and we could very easily come back to the old methods . 
  that is exactly why i say that their european values are not my european values . 
  i think that a sub-national division would be very interesting too . 
  in the north of spain , for example , sidra and the likes are very , very popular , while in the rest it is more of a once in a year thing . 
  i also thing that an split between wine and beer regions would show . 
  without intention to offend , that is a very stupid argument . 
  i prefer the `` goodness '' over the bigger and lesser evils . 
  sacrificing our european values to protect our european values is something that does n't make any sense . 
  in my opinion , a dictatorship is the ultimate moral decay . 
  i do n't really understand what are the legs of the argument : they want to prevent `` muslims '' ( probably also `` libtards '' , `` tree-hugers '' , etc ) from imposing their values that are incompatible with the `` european values '' , which are probably very different from what i consider european values , by taking notes of the book of a man who is basically the embodiment of anti-european values . 
  it is a bit like becoming a monster to prevent that others transform you into a monster . 
  edit : a phrase was cut . 
  i agree . 
  they say that `` you have to break some eggs to make an omelette '' , but they simply can not imagine a situation in which they are the `` eggs '' . 
  in other words , they feel like in an authoritarian regime , they would always be in the privileged side of the balance and it would always benefit them , which is not only morally wrong , in my opinion , but also not true . 
  spain accounts for 50 % of the global production of olive oil . 
  http://www.elcaptor.com/economia/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/ranking-paises-productores-aceite-oliva.png it is not even close to the second producer , which is italy . 
  there are plenty of people who see in putin the classic `` strong leader '' that they wished for their own countries . 
  people who like authoritarian figures and states will like putin 's russia and we have plenty of them in europe . 
  to summarize , they do not like putin despite being an authoritarian with autocrat tendencies , they like him because of it . 
  is n't it the plan with the whole ibiza thing ? 
  it is almost like a bundesland at this point . 
  you know that picture is older just by noticing that there is a caja madrid , which has been bankia since 2011 . 
  implying that the terrorism of the future will still be islamic terrorism . 
  if the graph of terrorism in europe sin the 70s demonstrated something , is that any person can be radicalized for whatever reason ( nationalism , religion , ideology , etc ) . 
  you are punishing innocent people for crimes that , if ever happen , will be 20-30 years in the future and not even by themselves . 
  do n't count me on this . 
  at least in pre-crime they had a 99.9 % accuracy when predicting crimes . 
  yours is judging millions of people in europe by the action of less than a hundred individuals that have committed acts of terrorism . 
  that accuracy is pretty awful . 
  i am sorry , where did the first american settlers ~ ~ came ~ ~ come from ? 
  the ages right after the discovery of america by europeans are nothing but another red page in european history books . 
  what spain did to the people in its empire was horrible . 
  but other colonizing forces were n't even an inch behind the level of atrocities . 
  i think it is clear how brutal europe has been during most of its history , not only with others but even among us . 
  and precisely because of that , i think we still have something to teach the rest of the world using our history to learn and for good , to prevent others for going down the same dark paths . 
  edit : a word, 
   it worked in spain , soon after there were elections that were turned around by madrid attack that is not completely true . 
  the opposition to the iraq war in spain was between 90 and 75 % of the population , according to the statistics of newspapers and organizations in both ends of the political spectrum . 
  there were tens of thousands of people in protest every single week . 
  that was not a `` routine protest '' . 
  people were really , really angry about it .
