  other crisis are coming and neither the eu nor the euro are prepared for them . 
  i am sure boris will call her nazi too . 
  quite funny that the people leaving are also the ones that want to dictate to the ones staying what to do with the union . 
  not in murcia , but i always loved guarrom\u00e1n , which would be the spanglish name of the superhero dirtyman . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong . 
  german healthcare system is not as bad as us system by any stretch . 
  so if the uk stars a trade war and the eu sanction them in retaliation , the eu are the aggressors ? 
  wow !, 
  on the other hand , there is always a couple of police officers down the stairs in odeonsplatz because some tourists want to go upstairs and make the nazi salute to the camera . 
  every single damn time i go there during summer , there is always one . 
  there is a difference between coping with the idea in your way and being disrespectful . 
  nobody is asking you to cry , or remain silent , or low the sight . 
  but , i mean `` jumping over dead jews '' while clearly having a great time is how they cope with the grief ? 
  yeah , no . 
   she is in favour of health care and social welfare , really ? 
  because the first time she run , she wanted to further privatize health care , as one of her running points . 
  i do n't know if you are german or you have ever lived in germany , but healthcare here is not `` public '' . 
  living in germany , it is mandatory to have a healthcare insurance and , for the average person , all those insurances are managed by companies . 
  some of those insurance are `` private '' , which means that you pay according to statistics , or `` public '' ( not government managed , but a private company that is simply doing the `` public '' option ) , which you pay as a percentage of your salary . 
  and , trust me , it is not very cheap the healthcare here . 
  and sure as hell it is not universal . 
  before it was cheaper , but the further the privatization goes , the more expensive it is . 
  she did not started the whole trend of privatization , but she surely believe that is the path . 
   her secularism there are plenty of republicans who are not `` god spoke me while i was in the toiled and told me to hate obama '' kind . 
  i would n't say that being not being secular is necessary to be a republican . 
  now , if we are speaking about being religious and letting that influence your policies , how is merkel secular ? 
  she is frontally opposed against same sex marriage , gay adoption rights and even said about the topic that children from gay couples would suffer from `` emotional disadvantages '' . 
  sure , she is not exactly `` god will destroy america because we let gay people marry '' , but whatever is the source of her opposition , it is not much different from the republican one . 
   refugee policy . 
  here , i agree , and it is this precisely why people who know nothing about her call her `` extreme left '' , like the comment that sparkled this whole sub-thread . 
  it was just as an example that not a lot of people know and it quite interesting , but of course he influence goes way beyond that . 
   inconvenient iteration that is a rather mild way to put it , yes . 
  you can not call them that !, 
  that is not pc !, 
  you have to use the term alt-right . 
  they complain about people needing `` safe spaces '' , but if you hurt their feelings , you are forcing them to vote for the fascist ones !, 
  they simply want a safe space as big as the whole country . 
  i sometimes ask the plebe about their problems , only to know what to laugh about in reddit . 
  napoleon abolished the spanish inquisition . 
  ah , do n't let me start on the `` but the empires were good because they brought civilization to all '' . 
  sadly , not only the british think in that way . 
  i agree . 
  i always get pretty annoyed when people confuse the german acceptance of the dark past of the country as `` lol what a guilty trip !, 
  besides the technicalities , i am speaking about the intentions . 
  whether she was forced or not to concede in that aspect does n't mean that she did that willingly , on the contrary to the democrats . 
  anyway , if you think that is a questionable point , put it aside . 
  could you name a few aspects in which she would be a democrat instead of a republican ? 
  in which aspects ? 
  in other comments , some aspects of merkel 's policies have been discussed ( opposition to same sex marriage , intention to privatize health care , etc ) . 
  to add one more , merkel would have opposed the stimulus that obama pumped into the us economy . 
  she actually opposed the equivalent one in the eu . 
  she would clearly be a republican . 
  a sane one , but a republican . 
  she is positioned to the right of the democratic party on almost every issue i can imagine . 
  i guess that obama counts as marxist too , then . 
  a lot of talk , but you do n't address any of the points of the articles . 
  a month old account which mainly consists in comments calling people `` lefties '' , color me shocked . 
  have a nice day . 
  the comment is probably the product of not knowing absolutely nothing of merkel 's position besides her position on refugees . 
  somehow , even if her photo could appear in the dictionary along side the definition of right wing conservative politician , her position on refugees makes her clearly far left , whatever it means for that redditor . 
  they are actually planning to move britain physically closer to the us . 
  or maybe the eu is planning to move the whole eurasian continent away from britain . 
  at this point , who knows . 
  that is actually a good come back , gg wp . 
  i agree . 
  merkel is a conservative right wing for the us standard . 
  she is to the right of the democratic party in almost every aspect . 
  she is just not `` god will punish us for allowing two men to marry '' kind of crazy like many republicans or `` i will retaliate against the smallest critique on twitter '' kind like trump . 
  as a left leaning person , i have been in disagree with merkel for a decade , and very vocal about it , but somehow i find myself defending her on reddit nowadays , because the picture that redditors have of her is simply comically inaccurate . 
   we must start to feel pride in being european first of all . 
  hard to feel united and pride in being european after the show of 2011-2013 , to be honest . 
  europe wo n't be united as long as the losses of some are the gains of the others and everybody keeps thinking in their national interest first and in the eu interest afterwards . 
  those two things can not go together . 
  my question , what would have been the position of a pan european party during the battery and assault of the public debts of the southerner countries ? 
  because france and germany benefited from all time low rates ( at some point , people were paying germany to buy its debt ) , so they capitalized on the inability of the other countries to use their central banks to keep the sharks away , like the us and the uk did . 
  i simply want to know if a pan european party would have been split in half on issues like that , because i fear that this whole `` pan european '' thing is going to work as long as there is not thought situations . 
  except merkel does not support neither of those ? 
  merkel is opposed to same sex marriage ( she has even go as far as to say that as long as she is in charge , same sex marriage wo n't ever be in germany ) , she proposed to further privatize healthcare ( which in germany , it is already handled by companies , even if some of them are in theory `` public '' ) and she has pushed for the biggest return to coal in the whole europe due to her opposition to nuclear energy . 
  i do n't recall her position on abortion at the moment . 
  merkel could be considered conservative in the us . 
  there is this thing about europe being `` to the left '' of the us , but that is not true anymore . 
  our mainstream right wing is simply not trump like lunatic , at least for now , but even our `` left wing '' parties have policies that would have been considered right wing a few decades ago . 
  edit : it specially hurts me your point about the `` national '' health care . 
  i would like to know of a single country in europe which health care is not currently under siege for those who want to privatize it . 
  cuts , under-funding on purpose , conflict of interests , private-funded studies to spread misinformation , ... 
  this guy writes some very insightful and interesting articles . 
  it makes my blood boil to read things like http://piketty.blog.lemonde.fr/2016/02/27/2007-2015-such-a-long-recession/ http://piketty.blog.lemonde.fr/2015/12/22/change-europe-now/ and then have politicians doing exactly the same thing that has brought us to his very dire place . 
  it is so frustrating . 
  clearly extreme left . 
  all she speaks about is class warfare , to overcome the modern bourgeoisie , wealth redistribution , ... / s, 
  merkel is extreme left ? 
  by which criteria ? 
  more like from extreme right to conservative right . 
  african and me immigrants are around 20 % of the foreign population in spain . 
  that is almost a million people in a country of 45 millions . 
  we have had a continuous influx of low class immigration from latin america and morocco , as well as from the subsaharian region , for decades . 
  15 % of the spanish population has been born abroad . 
  the current definition of right wing policies were introduced by reagan and thatcher . 
  http://piketty.blog.lemonde.fr/2016/03/06/inequality-in-america/ there are graphics in this article in which you can perfectly see when reagan reached power , even if you do n't know the exact date . 
  hint : there is an unprecedented , for post wwii us , drop in all kind of taxes .
