  maybe . 
  we might even have fusion by then . 
  unless something magical happens with iter and we find that everything sorts itself out unexpectedly , i doubt it . 
  2050 is the year about which people expect to finish demo , which would be the first demonstration of a real fusion reactor . 
  and that is , of course , if the budget does not get slashed any further and there is no more rocks in the path . 
  really ? 
  because i think the opposite . 
  nobody thinks like that , because we have moved too far to the right and now being below living wage means that you have to work harder , pull yourself by the bootstraps and stop being a `` taker '' . 
  i find that the problem of the current world is that rich people have it too easy and you have to treat them like an endangered species or they will stop doing `` their magic '' . 
  that is why you have to give them tax breaks , allow loopholes , accept fiscal paradises and countries with very low taxes that make unfair competition . 
  actually , sweden and norway have so many rich people arguably because of the welfare state . 
  the video i posted in my other comment explains it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9umdy0e8hu equality in this age , for me , does n't mean that there are no rich people , but that the rest of the people have enough to achieve a satisfactory live and have enough opportunities to advance . 
  i liked this tedx talk about why sweden and norway are among the countries with the largest amount of millionaires per capita in the world https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9umdy0e8hu, 
  people seem to be complaining because they try to be cool , but they seem to forget the power of specialising you content to the target audience . 
   similarly for austria . 
    neutrality !, 
     neutrality did n't work out during ww2 for estonia so we 110 % about alliances now . 
  this is the chain of comments to which i am answering . 
  i did not say that austria was neutral , i was answering to a thread in which that was said . 
  and i agree . 
  the first country that crossed my mind when i read `` neutrality did not work '' is belgium . 
  and that is why you find such little support in some countries . 
  it did n't work for austria either . 
  i do n't like beer , but i would be damned if i did n't promote the beer of my city [ alhambra 1925 ( or as people call it `` milnos '' ) . ] ( http://www.lafolgado.com/img_db/productos/producto_674_1.png ) . 
  my girlfriend would probably kill me if i did n't mention also [ estrella galicia ] ( http://www.abc.es/media/201303/26/estrella-galicia--644x362.jpg ), 
  if i know anything about spanish job market , specially after 2008 , is that there is a high chance some people are still working , and not being paid the extra hours , of course . 
  well , fuck you too , neanderthal . 
  definitely . 
  given the option to pilot a mechanpart , i would join the swedish army without delay , and i am not even swedish . 
  just as a side note , when you purposely misinterpret a point , you are not making an argument . 
  being intellectually honest is fundamental to have a constructive conversation . 
  just as a token , suicide attempt rate among homosexuals in the us fell after the same sex marriage law was passed . 
  https://www.forbes.com/sites/tarahaelle/2017/02/20/fewer-teens-die-by-suicide-when-same-sex-marriage-is-legal/#15a5df443b75 https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/feb/20/drop-in-teenage-suicide-attempts-linked-to-legalisation-of-same-sex-marriage, 
  i count me in , for solidarity with our eastern partners . 
  if we are eu citizens , we have to have the same rights as such . 
  i did n't even noticed that i put marks . 
  it was 3 am , do not ask me too much . 
  you are one of those afrancesados , are n't you ? 
  exactly . 
  do not tell others what to be and what not to be . 
  i am yet to find a transgender that wants everyone to be transgender , yet there is a plethora of people wanting to get into people 's lives and tell them how wrong are their feelings . 
  i think that merkel acted in a way that would preserve her support among her voters , not in a technocratic way . 
  whether one thinks that the former is a more correct approach than the last or vice versa is another debate . 
  as long as i have jam\u00f3n and gazpacho , you can keep the rest . 
  no joking . 
  italian brands sell more spanish olive oil than the spanish brands . 
  edit : i can not into ingl\u00e9s . 
  you can ask for asylum in spain due to culinary prosecution if they start to follow you in the streets, 
  basically , because a freshly cut is better than a cut done a day or two before . 
  if they cut the jam\u00f3n in front of you in the shop and you eat it right away , then there is not difference . 
  besides that , we use the bones to make soup , so people usually use parts of the remaining of the leg for cooking too . 
  this is how i envision the particular `` jam\u00f3n wars '' that we are having in this thread . 
  vegans in spain allowed to eat jam\u00f3n . 
  beside the joke , as other redditor said , the pigs for these kind of jamones are usually free roaming creatures , so they are not exactly the target of activist groups , taking into account that other animals are treated so badly . 
  that is a leg day i will never skip . 
  when you cut the fat on top , do not throw it . 
  keep that fat on top of your sliced section and put a cloth over it . 
   it 's an amazing value , it gives you meat for months . 
  it depends . 
  if everybody takes a pair ( or four ) slices with every visit to the kitchen , you will run out of it quickly , but that is to be expected , of course . 
  i agree that it can be a bit expensive in the sense that you have to pay upfront , but as per edible kilo of meat is actually quite good with respect to price . 
  i do n't mind paying 90 $ for a good jam\u00f3n , because i really enjoy it . 
  i end up spending more in the bullshit jam\u00f3n that they sell me in rewe anyway ... 
   presunto yes , presunto jam\u00f3n is what you have ... 
  how would you compare them to , let 's say , the european people 's party ? 
  i am oblivious to dutch politics and i want to fix that . 
  for many people this debate is very important and , therefore , it is important for me too , as a part of the society ( and as an empathic human being , you know ), 
  this organization el yunque has shown support to fight violently against the `` forces of satan '' . 
  and it is not like the transgender community is n't the target of `` hunts '' by other groups . 
  nobody is forbidding you from saying what is written in the bus . 
  the city of madrid issue and sanction the publicity shown on the city and this bus is the an ad , and it goes against the advertisement directives . 
  you are right . 
  i think they do it not out of boredom but out of spite and stupidity . 
  the group should be banned altogether , as they defend the use of violence against the `` forces of satan '' , whatever the heck it means . 
  i will refrain from making any comments , you snail eater , because i do n't want to get banned . 
  spain was playing dirty football , the netherlands was doing kung-fu . 
  at least that is how i would describe it . 
  i mean , there was a rather dirty match , but not so often you see a direct kick in the chest penalized with just a yellow card . 
  the guy does n't even complain after seeing the color , because he was sure it was going to be red . 
  i feel bad for the referee . 
  if there is any time you do n't want to intervene in a meaningful way during a match is in the wc final . 
  i think this video is pretty unbiased , given that it was done by the british https://youtu.be/kztlociow20, 
  i am sorry that the dutch national team practices karate instead of football . 
  i am so sorry for you . 
   it 's not like heterogeneity reduces social cohesion and solidariety . 
  you are a living counter example to your own argument . 
  if i had to choose anything to eat of the rest of my life , it would be jam\u00f3n serrano patanegra de bellota . 
  that is a part of the catering in heaven , i swear . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  this is definitively a good thing . 
  other countries have done this for more than a decade and the sky has n't fallen , nor the societies have fallen apart , so i too do not understand why is taking so long for some countries to do the correct thing . 
  it was already a bit late , finland , but better late than never !, 
  i can not wait for the rest of the eu to follow . 
  next stop , germany and italy , i hope !, 
  we support you !, 
  yay , let 's celebrate that we live in societies that treat people equally and that allow consenting adults to do whatever they want while not hurting anyone else 's rights !, 
  i am happy that you find this news great too . 
  i too think it was already about time . 
  so you want a center-right party and you complain that the cdu has shifted towards the center . 
  how does it make any sense ?
