  you should trust more in europe . 
  it is a great place to live . 
  well , some british politicians are to blame for part of its devastating effects . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with doing it . 
  the pattern of the name rings a bell with other acc9unts that i have tagged as trolls . 
  and the account is 25 days old . 
  just a clarification : he reformulated the class theory of electromagnetism in various steps until what we call nowadays the maxwell laws , but they were discovered and theorised by other people , and thus their individual names . 
  it is actually an studied effect , specially related with the lack of vitamin d. 
  it also helped that the government regulated very heavily the self consumption with their famous sun tax . 
  i still do n't understand why there are so few panels in spain . 
  specially when the country was a leading force in the early stages of the technology . 
  spanish companies went to germany to put solar panels . 
  now , german companies go to spain . 
  the entire country could run in solar alone . 
  just look at the other map about sunshine hours . 
  thank you for the correction . 
  thank you for the correction . 
  no , the legal term is perversion of justice . 
  as far as i know , merkel speaks russian pretty decently . 
  she was ~ ~ born and ~ ~ raised in east germany . 
  edit : it seems that i was wrong and she was not born in east germany . 
  she still was raised there . 
  i would n't say the hardest language to learn . 
  but it is true that among the spanish languages , it is probably the hardest to learn if you only speak a romance language . 
  i always wanted to learn basque , because it is very cool . 
  and i have many basque friends , thus i could practice it with native speakers . 
  but damn , it is intimidating . 
  in physics we use many german terms , at least in spanish . 
  besides , i speak a bit of german . 
  erdogan is also `` giving his all '' to safe turkey . 
  in fact , every single dictator , real or wannabe , justify his actions as `` giving it all for the country '' . 
  that is why i put quotation marks . 
  sorry , i forgot the millions of people who voted for him . 
  i guess that is also ai fault . 
  did ai managed his election campaigns ? 
  did they helped to get him elected ? 
  do not blame on ai what turks have brought upon themselves . 
  at least ai , unlike many here blaming them , give a damn about turkey , and that is why they are being suppressed and jailed . 
  not op , but for me it is clearly education . 
  some people will say that biology , and `` boys be boys '' , etc , but precisely is that kind of redirection of the responsibility away from the individual which is a dangerous seed in their mind . 
  it is apart of the macho culture we live in , in which men have to be aggressive and dominant in order to be recognised as successful . 
  yes , this . 
  if in a gedankenexperimet , one substituted all men by women and keep the same prevalence of crimes , the rates would drop dramatically . 
  we are speaking about a reduction of the order of 70 % . 
  i do n't understand why people oppose so much to the idea that there is something clearly wrong with the education and role models given to boys and young men . 
  well , `` war presidents '' always obtain a boost in support . 
  trump and brexit , as well as the attitude of russia , have helped enormously to these numbers , at least from my experience within my social circles . 
  edit : just so people do not get confused anymore , germany is not at war with anybody nor is it close to . 
  this has nothing to do with `` foreigners invasion '' or nonsense like that . 
  what i mean is that during tumultuous times , the leader in power benefit from that effect , because people tend to rally behind whoever is in charge at the time . 
  germans specially dislike sudden changes , which only adds to the effect . 
  i do n't even understand what are you trying to say or what is your point . 
  the members of amnesty international are being jailed precisely for opposing erdogan , trying to defend the rights of those 78 million people . 
  somehow the entire premise of this thread is that it is somehow ai 's fault what erdogan is doing . 
  if a police officer saves a man , and then the man 20 years later commit crime , is that officer 's fault ? 
  this entire thing is senseless , and only a way for some people to vomit their new acquired hate for ngo , which in this sub are quickly becoming the new boogie man , and it is terrifying . 
  lot of people in this thread making fun of ai for standing up for their values and defending human rights no matter whose are being violated . 
  damn this sub is depressing some times . 
  let 's go back to the burgundy cross then . 
  that is a badass flag . 
  that is interesting . 
  thank you . 
  anyway , alcazar refers to these castles built during that era and the word was adopted from arabic , like so many that start with al - in spanish . 
  the first republic had the same colors as the current one . 
  the seal and coat of arms was changed . 
  i will hopefully see the third . 
  i just wish that the flag remains the same , or at least that it wo n't have a purple strip . 
  i really think that combination of colors is rather meh . 
  well , yeah . 
  and they still sing the international with a high fist . 
  the old guard of psoe always put the excuse that `` we are republicans , but there are other things to do now '' . 
  so they are not monarchists , but `` busy republicans '' . 
  however , with the change of kings and more pressure by smaller parties to differentiate themselves from pp , the republican issue can very well become important again . 
  alc\u00e1zar is an arabic word that refers to a type of moorish castle built during their presence in the iberian peninsula . 
  this exact photo was my background for a few months . 
  very nice . 
   we have one awesome high-speed network with ave. quite expensive too . 
  he is too occupied with the bullshit . 
  he can not process maths and recognition at the same time . 
  when the fascists raise , they always attack the intellectuals first . 
  let 's remember the answer that miguel de unamuno received when he expressed his opposition to franco 's regime : the fascists in the room yelled `` long live death !, 
  death to the intelligence ! '' . 
  because if there is something that fascists and the likes hate is intellectualism , since it drives people away from their galvanizing tactics and will almost always work to oppose the raise of such ideologies . 
  the next time you hear people discrediting the experts , making fun of being knowledgeable , etc. 
  just remember that it is neither by chance nor by mistake . 
  i think we have entered in the twilight zone and we still do n't know it . 
   i have no clue as a rule of thumb , if you find yourself thinking this , maybe it is time to not say anything at all . 
  additionally , what source ? 
  it is not a scientific study . 
  i am speaking about my almost 6 years of personal experience working in two different cities with two different waters , as well as my impression from casual conversation with other people about why so many drink bottled water instead of tap water . 
  some people will agree and some people will disagree . 
  or , you know , maybe not ? 
  have you tried the water here ? 
  i still drink tap water , but every single german i know drinks mostly bottle water , not always carbonated and taste will be among the reasons . 
  our visitors from outside will point that out too , even if you do n't mention it , specially if they come from places like helsinki , where the tap water is very good . 
  then put one of those too , spain . 
  like every damn german . 
  why is natural water carbonated ?? 
  and you could not find silent water in a hospital , out of all the places . 
  besides the stone in the kidney , my friend was a balloon .
