  i did my research , and actually the other redditor admits that in many cases what i am saying is true . 
  he says that the trend is not as global as he though i was implying . 
  this is literally the extract of my comment when i noticed he added a new source :  edit : by the way , i have just checked your other source . 
  what i see is an increment in countries like germany , denmark , uk , spain , france ... edit : the next time , instead of posting shit , at least follow the thread and do not waste my time . 
  have a nice day . 
  that was an edit after i posted my comment . 
  i speak about it in my following comment . 
  the important part is not how many countries are becoming more unequal , but which countries . 
  spain or norway has n't the same influence around the world than the us , for example . 
  the us becoming more unequal is a global problem , for the monster they are creating will `` take over '' the rest of the world , because they will use the power to sell us their model ( which , by the way , we are buying at the moment ) . 
  edit : by the way , i have just checked your other source . 
  what i see is an increment in countries like germany , denmark , uk , spain , france ... 
  i like how most of them ends before 2000 and the current economical crisis . 
  the data of countries such as uk , china or the us , which go beyond 2000 show not only a net increment but in some cases , even an acceleration . 
  here is another chart , [ this time from the us . 
  ] ( https://berniesanders.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/20150817_charts_2-2.png ) in which one see directly the distribution of wealth , without mask . 
  we can see also why countries like norway or france are the examples to follow . 
  i , however , accept your criticism . 
  i should not have said a fact without sources . 
  you are right in that aspect of my comment . 
  thank you for the clarification about the details . 
  i think you have n't understood the point . 
  it is not about deliberate waste , as it was the case in many infrastructures in spain , which are but a show of the rampant political corruption in the country . 
  i am speaking about the people who really thought that austerity would solve the problem and now realize that backpedaling would mean their death , politically speaking . 
  investment ( of money , time , man-power , etc ) is fundamental for the development of a country . 
  however , it is also important to avoid the previous cognitive bias , that transform a bad investment into a black hole . 
  they are relatively poorer , yes . 
  that is the definition of the wealth gap . 
  one should not confuse the inevitable advance of technology and society with the potential of a region , or , expressed in another way `` we are advancing despite them '' . 
  a country which can not reach its full potential has a problem , in my opinion , even if it is a very rich country . 
  are relatively poorer , yes . 
  that is what wealth gap means . 
  following your logic , people should never complain about anything , because during feudalism , people got it worse . 
  also known as the `` do n't complain because the children in africa ... '' argument . 
  there is no need of human life threads . 
  when a country is building a new road , sometimes they seize the property of people and compensate them . 
  in almost any european constitution ( and in almost every developed country , included the us , nz , canada , etc ) there is this clause stating that in case of emergency or for a greater good , any property can be seized with the corresponding compensation , for any of the goods in the state are to be used or taken if required . 
  in this case , the flats are not even being seized , because the owners are still the owners , only that they are obligated to rent the flat for a fair price that the government will pay . 
  i do n't defend the idea , but saying that `` private property is sacred in europe '' is not entirely true since we use that clause almost every summer to use private pools to extinguish fires , despite filling a pool may cost a lot of money and it 's your property . 
  you would have a multimillion road project stopped because a farmer do n't want to sell his/her property , etc. 
  i do n't know if the current situation justify actions like this one , i just want to clarify that part of your comment . 
  as i said , i do n't judge if it is the correct way to cope with the current crisis , but the other redditor said that the `` i thought that private property was sacred in europe '' and that is not entirely true . 
  any private goods are for the disposal of a greater good of the society . 
  edit : i just realized that i answered the wrong comment in me previous intervention . 
  i was in my phone and it seems i confused threads . 
   we 're at the point where the politicians are defending their reputation rather than the actual principles of austerity . 
  i agree with that . 
  it is called the sunk-cost fallacy . 
  the more you invest in something , the more you want to believe it will work , because you can not accept that the effort you invested was indeed wasted or even counterproductive . 
  i am not a marxist and i definitely see that there is a problem with the global economy , in which the wealth gap is increasing instead of decreasing . 
  that is a fact , not an opinion . 
  now comes my opinion : do you know why ? 
  because with money comes power and with power comes the opportunity of `` self-preservation '' . 
  actually he worked in that country of yours , both as a professor at the university of texas and in steam as `` minister of economy '' of their online community . 
  we have seen in the last decades how the wealth generated has increased but has not been distributed among the society . 
  despite huge increments in productivity , the salaries have increased ever so little . 
  i do n't think it is something to be debatable , because those are the numbers . 
  varoufakis is only stating a fact . 
  what a surprise !, 
  as surprising as knowing that this kind of companies are the ones behind the funding of campaigns and studies of `` skepticals '' . 
  it is not like billions are at the stake for them and would do anything to preserve their business . 
  edit : i just realized that i answered the wrong comment in me previous intervention . 
  i was in my phone and it seems i confused two comments of the same redditor . 
  my bad . 
  i agree with you . 
  i should have expressed it in another way . 
  for us , if we want to keep living in this planet , the effects of meat consumptions are so much worse . 
  i was speaking about your comments in this thread . 
  companies are expending a lot of money on synthetic meat and they have n't done it yet . 
  sometimes you can not wait for the technology to be there . 
  or , on the reverse , by making the campaign against the meat , the companies would expend even more money and we would have already the technology here , because the company who makes the recipe will be worth its weight in gold . 
  to the earth , actually the effects are so much worse . 
  that is not true . 
  my girlfriend is vegetarian , she takes it very seriously to have all the nutrients she needs and she spends as much as i do ( or even less , because i eat quite a lot ) in food . 
  it is about knowing the food , not buying the most expensive shit because it is better . 
  i do n't . 
  and sometimes i feel i am the only spaniard who does n't . 
  thankfully , we implemented the prohibition of cigarettes in many public and closed spaces and a lot of people has either quite or being allowed to breath free . 
  by the way , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita i thought the difference would be higher with denmark , but surprisingly not so much . 
  in germany , on the other hand , the numbers are very difference and i have noticed it . 
  i though dk would be more similar to germany than to spain . 
  p.s : wtf , greece ? 
  now we know from where a large part of your debt came ... my only wonder is how are they still alive after smoking so much . 
  the thing is , denmark number is surprisingly low compared to their neighbors , which indicates me that something should be done . 
  edit : denmark ranked 29 in 2013 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_life_expectancy at the same level than lebanon or behind chile . 
  that should say something . 
  not many , if they have any information . 
  men have always had a shorter life expectancy . 
  i can not remember any example ever of the opposite . 
  so , yeah , it is not news . 
  seriously , what have women done to you ? 
  did they rape your cat or something ? 
  all your comments are in the same direction . 
  not necessarily . 
  two or more countries could be at the bottom . 
  but anyway , what is important is to know how much of a gap there is . 
  if it is three months , it is not much ; if it is three years , then probably something could be improved . 
  not necessarily . 
  my grandfather died not so long ago at the age of 95 and , albeit he was very weak physically , he still took a walk every day to buy a newspaper or groceries . 
  he could read ( with glasses , of course ) , he was able to hear correctly ( you had to speak to him just a bit louder than to other people ) , etc heck , he even went to the cinema the same year he died .
