  as much as i love germans and germany , i think they got scammed into a system which tells them that a mini-job is a real job , just mini , when in fact , it is more like a tool to pay less and make up the unemployment statistics . 
  i have never seen so many retired still working in a mini-job or searching for bottles to earn the pfand like i have seen in germany . 
  and the worst part is that people tend to think that it is normal `` well , they do it because they need something to do '' , when in fact according to the government statistics , more and more retired people can not afford to live with their pensions . 
  it is disgusting that such a powerful country can not / want not do any better . 
  people praise the hartz iv , but in reality it is not something acceptable for the biggest and richest society in europe . 
  and the worst part : they are using the crisis to impose the same system in other countries . 
  in my opinion , germany is the us of the europe : they witnessed a radical change in the system and , through time and propaganda , now they think that the system is the only one which works , because it is the only that is holding during the crisis . 
  i think that many of them feel scammed , so they lie themselves into thinking that the system is correct and work and everything is fine but when someone may argue about it , they are very defensive , because they do n't want to acknowledge that they have been scammed . 
  i have seen so many simplifications in the analysis of the current crisis that makes actually quite difficult to discuss anything , coming from spain , because `` of course you say that , you are an interested part of the issue ! '' . 
  i feel that there are nuances of the crisis that people simply do n't try to see . 
  but that is a problem everywhere , like in spain where people think that the cuts of the government are caused by merkel and not by a group of mischievous , shameless thieves we like to call government . 
  p.s : i criticize germany a lot , because i get to know and live with a lot of germans and now that i have been living here for a time and paying my taxes , i am worry of my fellow neighbors . 
  as much as i criticize germans and germany , i have the feeling that people here are more implied in politics than spaniards , for example . 
  i think that in spain we have so many things to solve that it is almost overwhelming . 
  i knew i was n't alone . 
  now i feel a bit less stupid . 
  maybe it is because it is 04.22 , but i swear i was reading `` vacations '' and my mind was blown , because not every children in serbia had mandatory vacations !, 
   the eu federalism that permeates this subreddit is about power , not prosperity . 
  the people who claim `` oh we do n't do nationalism here '' have just replaced nationalism for their country with nationalism for the pipe dream of a united states of europe . 
  well , it depends . 
  my federalism stems from my idea that my country can not stand alone against bigger ones such as china or the us , and i know that those powers are trying to implement their system here ( and the are already doing it ) . 
  i think that only a strong eu can preserve the * european lifestyle * that i used to consider * european values * ( which , sadly , less and less people seem to appreciate nowadays , which is the reason why i am becoming less and less federalist and , in general , less attached to european people ( including spaniards , of course ) ) . 
  additionally , i have lived across europe , so i feel now european before spaniard , because so many people have given to me so much . 
  but you are right in that many people just speak about how big our army would be or how much gdp we would have . 
  i want power to be able to fight and not become another victim of the * new order * , and for me that is prosperity . 
  i guess that there is no prosperity without power . 
  yay , finally time for glorious anschluss !, 
  it is clearly a troll , because that person is negating human rights to human . 
  so that person is either a troll or deserves to be downvoted anyway . 
  on the other hand , one gets tired . 
  of course i like to point out how poorly spain does sometimes , i am the first one to criticize everything ( even the people itself ) , but when everything that is known from spain outside of it is a negative aspect , it starts to get boring . 
  and sometimes it gets too personal , like people asking you seriously how are you doing without your siesta or if i am used to work so long ( 8 hours , duh ... ) . 
  i guess that the same happens for eastern europe . 
  yes , there are a lot of bad things there , but ... 
  i know . 
  i wanted to say that the video i have posted is not related directly to the drunk drivers , but rather with traffic security . 
  it is not related to drunk drivers , but rather with traffic security in general , but [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-8pbx7isom ) is one of my favorites of all times , so i put it always , when i have the chance . 
  increase the volume , because it is worth . 
  edit : maybe now it is clearer . 
  i do n't like charity that much . 
  for me it is just a patch and not a solution . 
  while surely it is better than nothing , it can lead to the false sentiment that one is solving the problem , which can be counter effective for the real goal . 
  p.s : i do n't like the index , because i find the methodology to be poor . 
  however , i am disappointed that so many european countries , including mine , have scored so poorly . 
  can confirm . 
  y will always be * i griega * and i never understood why people ask me why so often . 
  some people do n't understand the difference between being honest and being a dick . 
  taking into account that 60 % of the english words are french ones and that many of the new french words comes from english , i would ask what does `` loan '' means . 
  sure , cd-rom or dvd or parking are loans now , but many others has been used for ages and are no longer a loan , but rather a proper word in the language . 
  i would consider a loan those words which have a clear and utilized `` native '' counterpart . 
  in spanish , for example , one uses parking or aparcamiento , thus parking is still a loan , in my opinion . 
  spexit ( spain exit ) sounds like a very famous [ german drink !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spezi ), 
  do not listen him , come to andalusia , where there is sun everyday of the year , my wealthy , beloved northern neighbor !, 
  you see windmills all around the road . 
  not spain . 
  spain is different . 
  dude , do n't tell me americans did n't wanted to destroy iraq . 
  a friend of mine was hearing howard stern precisely on 9/11 and he said , literally `` we should bomb whatever country , who cares which one , to send a message '' and most of the people there agreed . 
  so the people who called in . 
  and so the media at the time , the people in the television , the interviews with random citizens . 
  i do n't know how old are you , but i remember all that . 
  actually , [ bill maher ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgm41c_mlxg ) later said that he was horrified hearing such a thing from the people on his surroundings and that he was called anti-american for saying that it was a madness . 
  not only in the media . 
  even politics said that `` something had to be done '' , people was claiming to do something . 
  even people who at the very beginning supported the iraq war , now say that `` we wanted to do something '' . 
  to my mind comes the comment of a young soldier here on reddit , who enrolled on 9/11 full of will for revenge and later he found who fucked up was the manipulation . 
  all that bullshit about rebuilding the country and giving freedom is that , bullshit . 
  nobody wanted the iraq war to liberate anyone , but to `` hunt down the terrorist '' who attacked us . 
  there are many countries in the world which have dictators and nobody gives a shit about them until the dictator decides to stop being `` friend '' with the rest of the world , i.e , not letting us take whatever we want . 
  finally , americans , and no other people , re-elected the guy who lead them to the war , and after seeing what was happening there already . 
  with their votes , they proved that they wanted to destroy iraq , as bush wanted . 
  your vote is your voice , and it was quite clear at that moment . 
   they expected another south korea or japan situation , where you can change a regime and then rebuild it in prosperity to the interest of both parties . 
  i like how you left out of the comment the vietnam war , also known as , the-war-that-never-existed-and-we-wont-speak-about-it , which actually , failed for the same reason that the iraq war failed , because the inability to understand the region and its population . 
  in the years to come , iraq war will become a new war-that-never-existed-because-we-fucked-up-so-hard . 
   and it might have worked had it not been for insurgents supported by neighbors that did n't want a strong iraq . 
  and if my grandmother had wheels , she would be a motorcycle . 
  people organizing the iraq war said on the public television that `` shiites and sunnis have a long tradition of peaceful coexistence '' while they have been trying to kill each others since , well , forever . 
  it is precisely that inability to understand how the region works and trying to impose a system there , what lead to a blood-bath war in which hundreds of thousands of people have died . 
   people really have no idea about the war in iraq , and that 's a solid victory for kremlin 's propaganda machine . 
  i do n't even know how to answer that . 
  my idea about the iraq war has a lot of influence too from american media . 
  is that kremlin 's propaganda too ? 
  it has been many years since the start of the war , has the kremlin being working all this years just to `` justify '' the invasion of ukraine ? 
  `` you are critic with the iraq war , you must be anti-american ! '', 
  no , i consider that america and all its allies fucked up , but americans , and only the americans , were the ones who re-elected the guy who leaded the country to that war , so they can not wash their hands `` it 's not our fault , but politics '' as i have read in other threads about the same topic . 
  that is all what i say . 
  p.s : i happen to be conscious that everyone of us is biased , including me . 
  but since i dislike russia foreign policies as much as i dislike the usa historical foreign policies , i doubt that the kremlin has nothing to do with my opinion . 
  you could try to do the same and being self-critic with your own opinions . 
  the fact that we are speaking about a country which has an impressive record of overtaking other countries ' government to install dictatorships more favorable to them , should make you at least doubt about the whole `` we are going for the liberty , not for the oil or for the revenge ! '', 
  p.s : calling other people ignorant reflects more of your own status then the one of the other people . 
  i do n't consider your opinion ignorant , just wrong in my own regards . 
  calling someone ignorant is just saying `` i do n't want to discuss the points i will put here , so instead of attacking your arguments , i will attack you '' . 
  yes , but many countries did it against the will of the people . 
  in spain , for example , aznar lost the following elections by the largest margin in the history of his party , while bush was re-elected . 
  i find there the difference between america and the rest of the coalition . 
  the american people really wanted to destroy iraq . 
  the sad part is , you are right .
