  as soon as you have principles , someone will try to make them look like weakness . 
  i care about muslims , not about islam . 
  in general , i think we could live without any religion . 
  i only care about the people . 
  however , other people seem to be attached to their believes . 
  what do you do with the million of innocent muslims that are currently living in spain ? 
  do we convert them forcibly ? 
  do we expel them ? 
  what do we do with those who have been born in spain and/or have spanish citizenship ? 
  do we strip them from their constitutional and human rights because the actions of other people ? 
  i do n't get your comment . 
  nobody is happy with having more terrorist and more terrorism . 
  but eta was defeated and not because we expelled all basques and strip them from their rights . 
  granted that many abuses were made by the state , the real defeat of eta came with time and , specially , with a change in the society and the political landscape . 
  spain lost herself from time to time fighting eta , like in the case of the gal , which were para-military groups that worked extra-judicially . 
  and , for what ? 
  they did n't help at all to end terrorism . 
  in any case , they made it stronger by giving them arguments and putting spain at the same level . 
  as i said in the other comment , i am all in for fighting terrorism . 
  increase the budget of counter-terrorist units , improve the collaboration between european countries , etc. 
  but i am not willing to accept to stab our principles for it . 
   we can only help them ( humanitarian aid , showing that other , freer , societies are possible ... ) if we preserve what we are . 
  and we can only preserve what we are if we do n't follow your previous receipt . 
  that is my whole point . 
  i am all in for fighting against terrorism , just not at any cost . 
  you get other kinds of radicalisation . 
  do you remember eta ? 
  what should have been done ? 
  to expell all basques out ? 
  the believe that you can simply lock problems out is immature . 
  and that of course not mentioning the stab in the back of our principles that would mean to expell millions of innocents , most of them european citizens , because of their religion . 
  it seems that nobody subscribes a simple joke either . 
  just call me insane , but if we `` get '' what makes them radicalized , we could prevent radicalization more effectively in the future . 
  `` getting '' the propaganda tools of your enemy is a fundamental part of winning a war like this one . 
  my favorite non-alcoholic drink . 
  why would that mean that the data is inaccurate ? 
  it could be , but i do n't see how that can be read out of that . 
  for me it simply means that in those countries there is a large income inequality . 
  that is why i put it into quotation . 
  they are surely not `` low iq people '' , but it does n't mean that they are better at critical thinking about politics than others . 
  the tories wanted to get rid off of the influence of the echr before the brexit was even voted . 
  do you think that they are going to stop now that they would actually earn political capital by doing that , instead of losing it ? 
  why would they change the idea now that it is way easier than it has ever been ? 
  of course the uk is going to withdraw from the echr . 
  i think that saying the opposite is delusional . 
  it would be a political suicide amid the whole anti-eu campaign , specially the one that we will see during the negotiations of the article 50 , to let a foreign influence to have any real power over british politics . 
  it does n't mean that they are going to leave a vacuum there . 
  they will probably push for a fork of the echr with british in the name and call it a deal , like theresa may was pushing for before the brexit . 
  but there is no guarantee that it will remain untouched and agreements achieved under the echr are not instantly `` updated '' . 
  i bet that the parts that could take down the snooper 's charter will magically disappear from the newer version . 
  that is the problem when you let the wolf in charge of looking for the chickens . 
  friendly reminder to use the median instead of the average when speaking about economy . 
  how wealth is distributed is very important . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage however , wikipedia pages are very outdated , so neither of them is really useful when making analysis of the current situation . 
  also , the wage and the income is not the same . 
  and finally , the wealth and the purchasing power also not the same . 
  it is hard to compare two countries because they are too big to make a complete comparison , so it really depends on what you are looking at . 
  you could also play a fun moba , such as league of legends . 
  insulting people 's iq is not an argument . 
  i have know a lot of very `` smart '' ( doctors , engineers , etc ) people who are very misinformed . 
  populism/misinformation is dragging the whole country down would be the sensible statement to say instead . 
  why would n't it ? 
  18 y.o. 
  people also write signs and mourn the deaths . 
  before the brexit , the tory government , with no other but theresa may leading the charge , was on full machine promoting the idea that the european convention on human rights was interfering with their issues . 
  captain picard , sorry , patrick stewart starred in this satiric video about this very issue https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptfmay6m6aa i think people around europe in general are not aware of how much of their protection is due to the eu legislation . 
  i think that it is nor a matter of counting in a checklist , but the importance of the pieces of legislation . 
  i would say that things like the good friday agreements are very important . 
  edit : court to convention . 
   but i think we should help then with increased funding in exchange for them allowing us to deport illegally entires back there . 
  i do n't disagree with that . 
  we should have been supporting the titanic effort of lebanon and jordan since day one . 
  but we have n't and only since we have had the refugees on our shores is that we are giving a damn about the situation . 
  i like the idea of safe spaces and refugee camps in situ , because then people do not have to risk their lives to cross the mediterranean sea , we can help more people with less money , etc. 
  deploying the military to safeguard those places would be probably one of the few military interventions i would approve . 
  but the problem is that we have n't done that for the previous 4 years of war and destruction . 
  only when they knocked on the door . 
  that is the point of my comment . 
  can we still do that ? 
  i am not sure , but it could be an interesting idea to think about . 
  however , i doubt that people who did n't care for four years are suddenly concerned . 
  as soon as they are leave our footsteps , we will forget them again . 
  well , lebanon is harboring 1.5 million having a population of 6 million and jordan 1.3 with 10 million . 
  and they are not exactly as wealthy as germany or the uk . 
  the us , the wealthiest country on earth and one of the main actors in the syrian war has 16.000 in a population of 350 million . 
  germany has the biggest amount in the west , with 600.000 , and they have been opposing military excursions in the me since the iraq war . 
  it is not as simple are you are implying . 
  edit : added the case of germany and a word . 
   you could save the lives of war refugees without granting them entry into germany . 
  sure . 
  that would have been a sensible action . 
  however , as far as they were n't reaching our shores , we did n't give a damn about it . 
  let 's not pretend now that we cared at all . 
  nothing personal against you specifically , but what i find is that people who use that argument simply want the refugees to be far away so they can be forgotten already . 
  the next argument they usually use is `` well , why should we help them at all anyway ? 
  '' , which is closer to the true nature of their thinking . 
  i have seen the same thing over and over on reddit and it always goes in the same direction . 
  people who never cared are n't suddenly engaged in helping others . 
  as for the idea itself , i think it would have been a sensible option to study . 
  in that way one could help more people with less money .
