hopefully you mean that the eu should fight for the right of some of their citizens more actively and , therefore , start to push equality around the union . 
  because we are in the xxi century . 
  it is fine . 
  i think every country have a fair share of stupid people . 
  being spaniard myself , it is easy to feel ashamed of many compatriots . 
  but !, 
  but !, 
  [ they took er jabs !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=768h3tz4qik ), 
  seriously , that redditor is obviously a troll . 
  do not waste your time with him/her . 
  i live in germany , so i know the reality of the country . 
  * paradoxically * ( if one took for granted what the other redditor said ) , germany is one of the countries in which the far-right parties have n't increased much , in comparison with other eu members . 
  there are some fascist/nazis groups , as it is sadly true in almost every country , but germany would be the last country in the continent in which i would expect a resurgence of the far-right as in the yore . 
  as is the case of germany , you have unlimited access to a market of 500 million people , without paying taxes for the mobility of the goods ( among other zillion things ) . 
  if countries like germany did n't actually get anything back from the eu , there would be no eu in the first place . 
  it was a point with no links , so because of diffusion , it flied out of the picture . 
  trust me , i know science . 
  in your case , they are secondary roads . 
  in the op 's picture it seems to be a highway . 
  i think that it is not the same issue . 
  exactly the same case that i have found driving from granada to ja\u00e9n , in spain . 
  our secretary of employment said that `` it is not a ` brain leakage ' , our youths are not obligated to leave by the situation . 
  they have an adventurer spirit and want to explore the world . 
  it is called ` external mobility ' '' it was so stupid that not even in her own party tried to defend her . 
  it means sort of `` western realm '' . 
  the case of spain is similar . 
  in germany they have welcomed warmly , mainly because i am a physicist and they did n't pay my education , so it is a win-win situation for them . 
  on the other hand , spain paid my education and now i am a hole in the balance , a loss money . 
  but , what can i do ? 
  here i have a job and it is well-paid in my field . 
  my promotion mates have work , yes . 
  but in banks , programming in some company , etc. 
  not many of them work as physicist ... 
  i would like to contribute in my country but there is just no place for me there now ... 
  i do n't really understand what do you mean with cynical . 
  if you mean that we hate ourselves , then it is true . 
  by listening a man , it is easy to know where he saw the sunlight . 
  if he praises england , he is an englishman . 
  if he backbites prussia , he is a frenchman and if he backbites spain ... he is spaniard . 
  i am in my middle 20 's and i expect to have a good , stable and well-payed job in my field . 
  in germany , of course . 
  in the unemployment , spain actually gives the real data ( which is surprising , to be honest . 
  i would expect to make up everything but internationally is recognized that in this field is among the countries which do it properly , despite of the politicians and their `` thoughts '' about the data ) . 
  other countries , for example , make up excluding people who is doing some courses , even if it has nothing to do with their field . 
  in addition to that , the black market is calculated to be about around 25 % of the spanish ' gdp and about 30 % of the greece 's gdp . 
  on the other hand , in the case of spain ( i do n't know about greece ) the vast majority of that black market is because of the big companies . 
  i guess that it is because they move a lot of money , but in the rest of the `` cake '' , it is possible to fit many `` black minijobs '' . 
  in any case , i know a lot of cases of people doing things in black because , for example , they have n't any longer an income ( in spain you only receive 2 years the aid and many people , specially above 40 y.o , have been unemployed longer than that ) , for example , going two weeks to the local harvest . 
  well , they won us by the skin of the teeth . . maybe for the next year ... 
  damn you , greece !, 
  and very few people , so creating a few jobs makes the statistics go down quickly . 
  sie is the polite form of you . 
  pommes are french fries . 
  kartoffeln are potatoes . 
  nice to hear it !, 
  and it is true . 
  quantity = / = quality i never tried finnish coffee , though . 
  i am now in germany and i miss my spanish caf\u00e9 ol\u00e9 ; _ ;, 
  i do n't think that each european country can withstand against the multinational companies alone . 
  it is just too much power and ways to manipulate a country economically from the outside . 
  either we figth for our future together , for united we are stronger , or we wait , separately , until the day in which our health system looks like the one in the usa . 
  i have been voting since i was allowed to , but sometimes i keep wondering if `` resistance is futile '' . 
  maybe this feeling of helplessness is what they want , so they can control us . 
  but it is hard to not feel betrayed when your future is being sold for the profit of a few . 
  thank you for your answer . 
  i see it like something unstoppeable and , actually , i am afraid of it . 
  do you think we have time to change it ? 
  sometimes i feel like voting is worthless , for most of the big parties will serve europe in a plate to the multinational companies . 
  what do you think about the sparpolitik which europe has been following until now ? 
  what do you think about the situation in spain ? 
  podemos , the new group which seems to rise and which is convinced in performifimg an outstandig , for they believe that the public debt in that country is , in fact , the result of a bail-out of the spanish banks so they can keep paying other european banks . 
  what would it mean to the eu ? 
  any opinion about their thoughts ? 
  definitively , that is the case in spain too . 
  something similar is the usual fashion for slavic countries . 
  they have someone speaking but they leave the voices of the actros so you can get the mood . 
  it is very common in the news , for example . 
  i can not distinguish if you are being sarcastic here or not ... 
  i can confirm . 
  i am one of them . 
  anyway , i watch everything in original version , and with subtitles if i do not understand the language . 
  i just do n't see that clear that watching films with subtitles in your mother language helps you that much . 
  sure it helps , but i think the biggest problem is our educational system , not the language of the films . 
  watching films with original language subs or without any subs will help you . 
  i think that subtitles are purpose-defeating . 
  swedish speak good english because nobody outside sweden speaks swedish . 
  if you see the chart , the countries which do n't dubt the films are also the countries which language is not as spread . 
  germany , france , spain or italy are examples . 
  the only weird case is portugal . 
  i do n't know if it is so easy to distinguish if the egg came before the chicken . 
  also , you do not learn by watching a film with subtitles in your language , which is the case in most of the non-dub countries . 
  i live in germany at the moment , and if i watch a firlm in original version , the theather always uses german subtitles . 
  either the subtitles are in the original language or you watch the film without subtitles , for otherwise you are just reading . 
  in spain , the most common way of watching online shows is with subtitles and you could say that , if not with learning purpose , nobody is learning anything out of them . 
  i do speak a bit of japanese and watching anime with spanish subtitles is not helping me to improve my skills . 
  i have to watch it without subtitles or with japanese subs . 
  another edit : if you see the case of germany , they have dub for everything . 
  almost every theather is in german . 
  yet , they usually have a higher english proficiency than spaniards or portugueses ( who only use sub ) , for they have a better educational system .
