  before nobody gave a damn . 
  so the welfare goes to the poorer people . 
  i would have never imagined that !, 
  non-western migrants also stays [ shorter times ] ( http://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/menu/themas/arbeid-sociale-zekerheid/publicaties/artikelen/archief/2015/langdurige-werkloosheid-neemt-toe-en-treft-vooral-45-plussers.htm ) probably because they have to concatenate short contracts . 
  you could do the same graph with any population . 
  in spain , the poorer people with short contracts are also the largest amount of welfare . 
   aside from that a lot of your issues seem to come from the issue that romania is compared to germany for example a fairly poor country and i can honestly not see how it is the eu that needs to fund to raise the wealth in living standard in romania , why and how the eu should heal the wounds of 50 years of communism i , for one , think that it is a fundamental goal of the eu , to rise the living standards among the countries in the eu , specially those which low living standards , such as romania . 
  that is a fair point . 
  i am not saying that this is the correct solution . 
  i am just saying that i am tired of hearing people acting like this is something new that suddenly and unexpectedly happened and that we should `` help countries like lebanon to keep refugees there '' , when lebanon have been doing exactly that without help for years . 
  i just ca n't stand the hypocrisy of some people here . 
  yes , we should have done it , but we are only considering doing that now because we do n't want * filthy * refugees in our streets , so we are now willing to pay money to other countries to * dump * them away . 
  it is funny , because back then i tagged a fair amount of redditors who were literally seeking revenge on greece for trying to force a better deal , that germany should have `` no consideration whatsoever '' or `` humiliate greece to make an example '' , and now i get to see them complaining how * close-minded * germany is in the negotiations . 
  they have been there for years and nobody gave a fucking damn about them . 
  countries had to carry the bargain alone . 
   plus , we 're spending a lot of money helping those who come , when we could help x4 the number if we helped them where they are . 
  if we did that starting four years ago , maybe we would n't have the problem nowadays . 
  what you are proposing is not a `` solution '' , is just coming back to the previous status quo , in which people can remain ignorant without those * annoying * refugees crying for help at their doors . 
   plus , it 's not really a long-term solution , is it ? 
  where is the long-term solution ? 
  we need both a short term and a long term solution . 
  what is your long term solution ? 
  nobody is proposing any and i do n't see how it is germany 's fault that the policy of the rest of the continent for the long-term solution is to close their eyes and wish the refugees never came . 
  p.s :  well i for one do n't want to help because i feel i was and still am treated unfairly in other matters . 
  then , as we say in spain , * que te den * . 
  enjoy your share of refugees . 
  when germany was bullying greece on behalf of some countries , people in the subreddit cheered and said that the position for germany should be `` no negotiations allowed , this is the way and you will accept it '' . 
  people created a monster , and now the monster has turned against them . 
  sad day . 
  turkey already hosts 2.2 m and in lebanon , a tenth of the population are syrian refugees . 
  we can not even decide over a quota of 100.000 . 
  it is not a problem of `` expensive '' countries , but about people who do n't want to help because that is `` other people 's problems , not mine '' . 
  nobody is coming with a long term solution . 
  and both things are not exclusive . 
  we need a short term solution and a long term solution . 
  the plan for some people is to say `` why should we do something when other countries are not doing anything '' and just let them starve . 
  or close the eyes until those people disappear from your border . 
  the consider it to be a valid policy ... 
  i disagree . 
  they are known for their cusine . 
  their bad cusine . 
  we are speaking about basic human rights . 
  no man should be obligated to eat british cusine to survive . 
  your comment is an example of what i was saying . 
  you are confronting me by saying exactly what i was implying . 
  so i will never be able to discern if you are serious or not . 
  actually , executions are far more expensive than life in prison sentences . 
  i am against death penalty , even if we knew 100 % someone did something . 
  however , you are right . 
  too easily innocent people are condemned only for later to be proven innocent . 
  the problem is that you can release someone from prison and compensate them , but you can not resurrect someone . 
  some people in this subreddit believe that the government know that `` half '' of the `` refugees '' are terrorist , but they are allowing it on purpose . 
  you know , the european version of foxnews and so . 
  seriously , people , isis has so much fucking money that they could print basically any passport from any country and buy as many plane tickets as they wanted . 
  they do n't need to risk their soldiers in a deadly boat or risking them to be found out during the examinations in the refugee camps . 
  probably because we ( europe , russia and us , each one at a time ) have been destabilizing the area and that kind of radicalism emerge from the chaos we created . 
  charlie hebdo is the only one who can be considered as in europe soil from the ones you have listed . 
  the rest you are pointing out ( isis , boko haram , etc ) occurs in a war zone . 
  actually , most victims of those groups are actually muslims . 
  anyway , if you want to play that game , let 's check how many civilians has the us military killed in their illegal war . 
  the numbers of muslims killed by christians is so much higher than the reverse way . 
  if it is contemplated in the ewigkeitsklausel , then it can not be changed , no matter what . 
  even with a 100 % of the parliament agreeing , you could not change that part of the german constitution . 
  for the same reason there is no death sentence in germany . 
  a murderer could also murder again . 
  a rapist could rape again . 
  you either kill all the felons or live with the fear of they doing a felony again . 
  it depends on the distinction you make of what a continent is . 
  america is certainly a continent for a lot of people , and not two . 
  we do n't know anything and bild , as always , has already the full story . 
  even before the police started to investigate . 
  that is how bild works . 
  you say something today , which maybe is wrong , but tomorrow nobody will remember . 
  so every murderer is a terrorist ? 
  a crime is a crime , but the term terrorist get used too loosely sometimes . 
  the poe 's law is why you should put an / s in some cases , when you are trying to comically exaggerate something . 
  a terrorist is someone performing an act of terrorism . 
  a man with mental problems , if that is the case , stabbing a random police officer is not an act of terrorism by itself . 
  maybe it is , maybe it 's not . 
  the police will investigate it . 
  i know . 
  thank you for pointing it out . 
   but we wont take 22 million in , not even something close to that . 
  for goodness shake , i swear that sometimes people try their best to twist the comments as much as they can on purpose . 
  you literally needed to read one more line of text in my comment . 
  have you ever been in germany ? 
  there are almost 3 million people with at least one of their parents being turkish . 
  not that they all are muslims , but a lot of them are . 
  it it is not something of the other day , just to put you an example . 
  it is our responsibility because they are here . 
  not only syrians . 
  they have always been . 
  they are also a part of the european culture . 
   risking the lives of millions of europeans with such an experiment yes . 
  they are going to kill literally millions of europeans . 
  europe has 508 million people . 
  even if we admitted every single person of syria , which has a population of 22 million , they would be a 4 % of the population . 
  and we are speaking about a twentieth of that number . 
  i am sure that 0.2 % of the population is totally going to take over the other 99.8 %, 
  i am sure some of them will be criminals or are currently criminals .
