  people in europe tend to forget that some countries ( including mine ) went to the iraq war too . 
  does it make any difference about what the other redditor has quoted ? 
  in my opinion , no . 
  a democratic country , after the democratic government has been taken out of the power by a mob ? 
  and `` failed terrorist states '' ? 
  iraq was a dictatorship , indeed , but the terrorist part is bullshit . 
  if the usa wanted to attack a terrorist state , they would have attacked saudi arabia , which money paid the radicalization which leaded to the attacks onto the usa . 
  let 's not forget that osama bin laden was praised as a liberator and a liberty warrior by the first world when he was fighting against the ussr . 
  in my opinion is not that simple . 
  i do not justify any of both cases , because at the end , innocent people is being killed in both ukraine and iraq , hundreds of thousands , and there is no good reason to do that . 
  i find quite sick that you try to justify one of them . 
  both russia and the usa have invaded countries , against the international laws , and lied about the reasons . 
  the difference is that ukraine is in the neighborhood , so i agree with the `` menace to europe '' . 
  i just do n't agree with the bullshit about `` the iraq war was somehow justified '' . 
  in the same way that germany and ~ ~ southger ~ ~ ... austria are . 
  very different history even but they are not that different . 
  well , probably some tribal chief did something really bad . 
  but the single historical character who has hurt the most the current spain is francisco franco , hands down . 
  i do n't know , dude . 
  if you do n't hate your neighbors , who are you going to hate ? 
  of course i also hate the perfidious albion . 
  that has happened to me too , but mind you that francisco franco was the leader of the coup d'\u00e9tat which leaded spain towards a civil war and , afterwards , he was the dictator of spain for 40 years . 
  the worst thing that has happened to this country , if you ask me . 
  i like very much [ libre of nino bravo ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x53k94_nino-bravo-libre_news ) ~ ~ ( i can not find a video with better sound quality because of the gema ) . ~ ~ the song is based on the story of peter fechter , who was shot trying to cross the berlin wall and died because neither sides wanted to go to the death zone near the wall . 
  edit : i found one better ( and complete ) in dailymotion . 
  you are wrong . 
  the german constitution has a section , called ewigkeitsklausel or [ eternity clause ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternity_clause ) , which states that articles from 1 to 20 can not be modified whatsoever under any circumstance . 
  and some of those articles are , in fact , the ones the npd is judged to be against . 
  this is a thread full of videos gema thinks i should not see . 
  please , not the macarena . 
  please . 
  i mean that if you do n't know where is israel and probably do n't know the extension of russia , then you can think they share borders . 
  but now i get what you said . 
  did n't think about it . 
  good catch . 
  despite my hate towards those gabachos , i just can not understand the topic of france being a bunch of cowards , because of the iiww . 
  let me remind you that many french people fought even after their country capitulated , in their own soil and risking not only their lives but also their families and their people . 
  you can not get much braver than that . 
  well , you would be surprised then by the amount of people how would n't be able to place israel in a map . 
  except for the small fact that in germany , anything which is nazi-related is strictly scrutinized . 
  if hitler were buried in a castle , you could bet that germany would forbid to do anything fest-related there . 
  how can you be there if belgium does not exist ? 
  in spain they are everywhere . 
  after knowing i am from spain , he asked me about the civil war and , out of the blue , he told me something in the line of `` do you know franco ? 
  he was a good guy , he saved spain , right ? '', 
  like asking for my confirmation . 
  well , no . 
  not at all . 
  edit : i forgot it , how could i ? 
  i forgot that girl who asked me if we had internet in spain ( around 2005 ) because she knew that we had telephones ( she read that in the spanish book ) but we were * very close to africa * and she did n't know if we had the technology yet . 
  at least she is not one of those who think that spain is south mexico . 
  edit : i am not sure if i am wooshing , but just in case , i will quote myself in another comment , just for clarification :  that has happened to me too , but mind you that francisco franco was the leader of the coup d'\u00e9tat which leaded spain towards a civil war and , afterwards , he was the dictator of spain for 40 years . 
   the worst thing that has happened to this country , if you ask me . 
  just one correction , the correct term in spanish for the usa is the * eeuu * ( * estados unidos * , which duplicates the letters because of the plural ) . 
  i am not trying to be annoying , just to point out something that shock with the rest of your message , which is very well written . 
  in my town , the british neighborhood waves the union jack at the entrance . 
  you can buy the daily mail and buy imported meat from uk . 
  i think that the main difference is that since a lot of people speak english in spain , they feel like they do n't need to do an effort to integrate in the community , because they do n't need to . 
  on the other hand are the german pensioners who , because not many people speak german , learn an impressive amount of spanish ( for people of their age , of course ) . 
   also at least by austrian measues brits do n't learn the language . 
  i am from a town in the south coast of spain . 
  i can tell you that there are two kind of pensioners here : germans : they learn as much spanish as they can and usually live in residential neighbors with other spaniards . 
  british : they not only isolate themselves as much as they can , they even wave the union jack at the entrance of their neighborhood and import meat from england . 
  who on the earth would import anything to eat from england ?? 
  in all seriousness , both germans and british are day and night in the topic of integration with the local population . 
  at least this year , i am not being awaken at 6 a.m. by any * paso * of the holy week . 
  the value of a society shall be measured by how the weakest and the most vulnerable members are treated within . 
  i would argue that the euro crisis , and the previous years , is more a crisis of values than an economic crisis . 
  values that people took for granted are changing , and in my opinion , not for the good . 
  in every crisis , societies come out with new sets of values . 
  after the wwii , a capitalism with strong influences of socialism and collectivism was installed in europe and now we are taking the path of the usa and going towards the so called neo-capitalism . 
  usa was about to be the first * european country * , so to say , as some presidents wanted to extend the bill of rights to include , among others , universal healthcare . 
  however , in that case the cold war begun and the aversion to anything communist or socialist made it impossible . 
  not so dramatic in the current days , but you see that everyday we are less like the people in europe in the previous decades thought europe would be in the future . 
   the bbc 's business is doing just fine - they make billions in licence revenues as being one of the world 's largest public broadcasters , then they wo n't have any problem . 
   or more likely they 'll ignore any attempt at enforcement by the eu as they 're a us company which operates within the eu . 
  the eu can not obligate netflix to change globally its policy , but locally , of course . 
  finally i will be able to watch german tv to practice when i am back in spain for vacations . 
   but you 're wearing clothes so there 's no skin contact :p implying . 
  implying you are wearing clothes . 
  i think it is a nice tradition , despite the drawbacks . 
  when you meet people in germany , you shake your hands with both men and women . 
  a lot of awkward moments in germany . 
  if they know you are form the south , some people will understand the mistake ( the tradition is quite known ) and some even will try to kiss you . 
  however , the german way is shaking hands among not-so-close friends or people you do n't know . 
  does it work ? 
  i have seen the same situation sometimes and some people get it wrong , so they kiss you and then shake your hand , in order to fulfill both traditions . 
  i think we should start to kiss among men too , to be honest . 
  it just feels a bit awkward changing handshakes and kisses when being introduced to a group of people . 
  it depends . 
  when you say goodbye to a person you are going to meet the next day or soon at least , one kiss is usual . 
  two kisses is among people that they do n't know themselves that much . 
  sometimes you do n't change the cheek and just kiss twice in the same , that is also usual . 
  in spain , i would say that we are divided . 
  some people kiss only once to friends you see everyday and twice to people you are meeting or friends you have n't seen in a while . 
  on the other hand , greeting your grandmother , she will just kiss the same cheek ten times . 
  it was at night , after the supper . 
  and we were all completely naked . 
  maybe he was not finnish but a real yeti without hair ... 
  well , the finnish guy , who was the organizer of the conference , stayed in the lake for 3-4 minutes , removing the ice of the hole .
