  those are two different things . 
  edit : i would like to add that the image of the us being the number one in everything and so on , come from a time in which they were so much more similar to the idea they currently have from europe than they have from the us . 
  the taxes were higher , the middle class included more people . 
  there were even talks about implementing a limit on the maximum wealth a person could gather or implementing a public health-care like the ones in europe . 
  then the cold war reached new levels of tension and those `` communist '' thoughts were deemed as evil . 
  i think that the us was the first `` european country '' , they just got traumatized by the war . 
  and europe has , after wwii , follow a lot of tendencies coming form the us . 
  currently , europe is becoming more like the us and not the other way around . 
  and i personally do n't like it in many aspects . 
  the problem with second or third generation of immigrants is that they are not immigrants anymore , but the society does not treat them as proper citizens either . 
  they do n't know anything but the country they have been born , yet they are discriminated and asked to `` go back to xxxx country '' , which they do n't know . 
  there is a cumulus of small issues such the previous one . 
  it is frustrating and creates a problem with split identity that can be exploited by radicalism . 
  often , the people converting the youngsters are strong , self-confident individuals who have the answers for the problems of their generation . 
  `` the society wo n't accept you , but we will '' . 
  that is an extremely powerful message to young people at the age of 13-17 , the time window when one is starting to struggle to create his/her own personality . 
  just add this with the fact that immigrants are on average poorer and more excluded and you have the perfect place to find your new adepts . 
  they just use the same techniques than any other ultra group , such as neo-nazis . 
  tldr : the fact that we keep calling `` immigrants '' to full citizens because their parents were is one among a lot of things that prevent total integration in the society , which lead to identity problems that can be easily exploited by radicals . 
  edit : just wanted to add that social workers and teachers can do only so much . 
  it is a society problem , and asking a few under-funded individuals and institutions to fix the problem by themselves is not a real solution . 
  turkey was for a long time at the gates of being considered as a candidate to join the eu . 
  there have been many problems , though . 
  edit : typo . 
  i am glad that spain is in the eu . 
  it was very simple for me at the very beginning . 
  when i had to tackle more * advanced * issues , on the other hand ... 
  when i left spain , i thought i would never , ever , say that i miss the spanish bureaucracy . 
  it is terrible too , but one level below in the scale . 
  the will to be is not sufficient . 
  max schrems knew about what was he talking about . 
  i certainly do n't . 
  i found the butthurt . 
  p.s : `` fuck off spain '' like if i represented a whole country . 
  he is . 
  and also , i am concern that next time , maybe there wo n't be any max schrems available . 
  and thanks to a legal student nonetheless . 
  it was not an automatic process . 
  i guess that in the us case it is more lax , however , there is a law against incitement to violence , as you confirm , even if this case specifically does not fall under the umbrella of such legislation . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  there is almost no first world country in which incitement to violence is allowed , not even in the us , who pride themselves to have an untouched `` free speech '' . 
  incitement to violence is something that simply can not be legal in a society , because it would lead to , well , violence . 
   the parties in the us all moved further left oh , wow . 
  i just . . 
  i can not process such sentence , my brain returns an exception . 
  that sounds interesting . 
  i am going to read about it . 
  thank you for the information . 
   his level of wealth and influence being an idiot , he bankrupted four times with his inherited wealth . 
  literally a rock would have done a better job . 
  he is smart in the sense that he knows what people want to hear , but not much beyond that . 
  if you put it in context , among all other republicans i definitively see why some people would elect him instead of other candidates of such party . 
  that only speaks terrible things about the other candidates , tho . 
  my condolences . 
  i hope he does n't find any spanish grand-grandfather or something like that . 
  we have enough with our own retarded politicians . 
  repulsive and a fraud . 
  all smoke and mirrors . 
  he bankrupted four times to avoid payments and he still proclaims that `` he knows how to deal business '' . 
  i am not american , but if that is his `` way of doing business '' i would guess what he is going to do with the country . 
  like , seriously . 
  he lies as soon as he can . 
  `` do you have military advisors ? 
  well , maybe , i like that guy on the tv show '' . 
  he will be the new bush . 
  before bush , america was pretty much accepted and liked by the international community . 
  they had their problems and their struggles with others , just like all the countries . 
  the `` america after bush '' is depicted as a country war-mongering , fat , loud rednecks screaming '' ` murica '' and `` fried-om '' . 
  the image of the us after trump would be abysmal , worse than ever . 
  and , on the personal note , i am very concern that such an idiot has access to nuclear weapons . 
  i think we have enough with one crazy ruski , we do n't need a crazy murican too . 
  i , for one , would love if bernie sanders would be elected there . 
  i think he has not only the ideas , but the character to overhaul america 's biggest flaws and he can begin the change to make america a better nation . 
  and that is important to me , because we are importing those flaws to europe via lobbying . 
  if the root of the problem is solved , better for all . 
  it is like the lawnmower your neighbor never returned and sits in his garage , forgotten . 
  i do n't know what are you talking about , but i can give you olive oil , which sounds similar . 
  i meant that the british empire was big , just like their football team , but then , other people came into game and they have n't done anything since then . 
  i was speaking about the us , because it is a famous ex-colony , one of the first of many that lead to the fall of the british empire ( albeit surprisingly , the largest extension of the empire came after they lost the current ) . 
  in any case , my point is that `` empire '' is another game in which they were good , and now , they are n't . 
  just like most of other sports . 
  we did . 
  basque ball ( * pelota vasca * ) which is different from basketball . 
  it is pretty much played in the basque country , so i think we are world champions in it . 
  anyway , we are good at beating them at their own sports , why invent anymore ? 
  taking into account that portuguese woman give birth in spain and vice versa ( due to scarce number of hospitals in many parts of the frontier ) , and the groups mix pretty much at every moment , i think that the frontier is rather diffuse , yes . 
  i do n't count portugal as being abroad either . 
  really ? 
  i think the current colors fit portugal better . 
  portugal . 
  best neighbors ever . 
  look at netherlands , for example . 
  it could be worse . 
  good for ibn luther . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  until the us entered into play , i guess . 
  austrlia is bro . 
  also , to celebrate the whatever-cypher anniversary of their broadcast system , they were invited . 
  they should try to invent an sport in which they win . 
  it was just a joke , do n't worry .
