  when one reads a little about them , one realizes that they are as close to a nazi party as possible without being illegal ( the organization , because many of their members are in prison for violent crimes ) . 
  yes , you are right . 
  actually , no . 
  and by helping us , they sentenced themselves to death . 
  i wo n't argue about the morality of the wars we made , but at the very least , we have a moral duty to help people who put their live on the steak for us . 
  during the last football wc , since spain played so horribly bad and got disqualified in groups , i bought a german flag and went to a biergarten to see the matches . 
  it is more about being able to share the excitement with people than for your team to win , in my case . 
  you just have to learn a pair of chants and people will accept you as a part of the group . 
  so do i , but as i said , neither of both sides would allow it , for different reasons . 
  i do n't know , do you ? 
  i guess that we should ask them , right ? 
  they will tell you a clear no , because barcelona is pro union . 
  somehow , the unity of spain is not worth to be preserved , but the unity of catalonia is , even if it is against the will of the people in some regions . 
  hypocrisy , that is how i call it . 
  it does n't matter . 
  the reasoning is the same in both cases . 
  that is why so many people here speak about the `` young men '' instead of , for example , `` the young people '' or `` the adults '' , when they want to refer to people that should be sent back . 
  sure , it has nothing to do with the macho culture in which the man has to be strong and heroic , otherwise he is a coward . 
  i am still waiting to find a redditor calling the women coming here `` cowards '' . 
   the goal of mankind is to live peacefully and protect their family and friends from harm . 
  if you have groups of people putting your family and friends at risk , you do n't run away . 
  if your family is not going to get forcefully conscripted , you can do one of the most dangerous travels ( crossing the mediterranean , which cost the lives of thousands of people every year , not only refugees ) and hope that the family reunification laws of some countries allow you to bring your family . 
  or you just have no family left and you just do n't want to die . 
  or other reasons that i can not evaluate . 
  i just refuse to call them cowards for doing or not doing something , when the scariest thing i have ever had to do was to choose between the black or the red tie for the wedding of my cousin . 
  my point is that from our comfortable chairs , it is very easy to judge . 
  when you see it like that , they almost sound like actual people !, 
  after 20-30 years , they will have forgotten their `` old life '' . 
  why do people keep having kids in poor countries ? 
  they should just stop and fade away so only rich people remain . 
  we are speaking about probably 20-30 years . 
  even more depending on the outcome of the war ( if isis wins , the refugees wo n't be able to come back , because isis will execute them ) . 
  not exactly `` a few '' . 
  that is more than some redditors have ever lived . 
  because there are people already here . 
  if the eu acted like it should and when it should , the migratory crisis would have been avoided and many lives would have been saved . 
  we just turn a blind eye to the refugee camps about to explode , because it was not our problem , but suddenly that `` not our problem '' reached our shores and somehow we are still shocked by that . 
  they lost ones are the price we pay for doing too little too late . 
  now we see the same pattern : countries say that border countries should carry the bargain alone , no quotas . 
  we are on the verge of doing again too little too late . 
  for turkey it is . 
  i hope that the redditor means for the eu , which really is n't much . 
  if the gdp is about 15 trillion , i.e , 15 000 billions , 6 billions is pretty much nothing compared to the problems that has been caused by the lack of cooperation during current refugee crisis . 
  it is going to be a `` funny '' decade for the eu . 
  let 's see if by the time we enter in the new crisis caused by the chinese boom , we have at least solved any of the previous . 
  but `` funding '' like giving enough money for they to work properly or like in `` let me check my loose money and pretend we are helping so people will stop to complain '' ? 
  if it is the first one , i agree . 
  the eu should have done it years ago . 
  because this is not something that started yesterday . 
  what i fear is that , as soon as the refugees are out of the news again , it will become a `` problem of those countries '' again . 
  if you know how to use a weapon , good for you . 
  but there is nothing fundamental to men that allow us to know how to use a weapon or drive a car . 
  your case is your case and , certainly , it has nothing to do with the reality of my surroundings . 
  i do n't get what is the point you are trying to make in a thread like this one . 
  that is why so often war produces so many displaced and refugees . 
  you know what happens when you try to cross the mediterranean in a toy boat ? 
  this sea is full with the bodies of people trying to cross it . 
  i think the best option is to always see any piece of information with skepticism . 
  only a few countries have . mandatory conscription for both men and women and , as far as i know , even in those cases , men are always obligated to serve longer and in more dangerous spots . 
  in some countries , women are not send to the front , for example . 
  i do n't think it is about only eastern europe , albeit i agree their culture tend to be more sexist in some cases . 
  do you have training with that ? 
  i ask because my girlfriend and i have basically the same training with real weapons : zero . 
  there is simply not a good side . 
  macho culture . 
  the goal of men is to be war heroes . 
  just check the comments of some redditors here and ~ ~ his ~ ~ how they would basically kick isis butt during their glorious last stand . 
  we have a bunch of internet marines here . 
  i would like to ask them for who the would die , for the bloody dictator or the crazy zealous ? 
  edit : spellcheck correctors are the worst . 
  actually , isis has said that those who left are betrayers to islam and should be killed too . 
  i never said `` we should fix it tomorrow '' because it is not feasible , but if you say  i can honestly not see how it is the eu that needs to fund to raise the wealth in living standard in romania , people will understand that you are saying that no effort needs to be done whatsoever and romania has to do their things by themselves without help or support . 
  when people discuss about the issue of integration , a lot of people tend to forget that part of the isolation of the newcomers is not voluntary . 
  i am myself immigrant in germany , so i know a bit about integration , even if as spaniard , i am culturally speaking so much close to the average german . 
  it is so hard to not feel excluded in a new country , even more if you do n't speak correctly the language . 
  i get that most of the refugees do not drink alcohol , so a large part of the oktoberfest is not for them . 
  but there are other activities . 
  there are people playing football , for example . 
  do you want the refugees to feel welcome and wishing to integrate ? 
  break the ice by making them feel invited to play football too . 
  there are tons of things that we could do better than just hide them for two weeks , because if we do so , they will feel even more isolated . 
   funnily , germany just accepted another greece debt cut . 
  so it 's not like germany is really close-minded in that regards . 
  maybe not , but many countries were pushing germany to be harder . 
  and almost all of them are not in the exact opposite team . 
  i am not opposing to germany , tho . 
  i do n't know if it is the best solution or not , but at least they are trying to do something besides turning the head and wait until they magically disappear from the border . 
  just take the average dude you find in the street and ask them the difference between peru and chile , or even the location of both countries . 
  i do n't even need to do that . 
  if i picked up a random spaniard , that person probably wo n't be able to even name the capital of slovenia or will mistake it with the capital of slovakia . 
  it is so easy to say things like yours when you have received an education and we are speaking about a close country ...  i guess that a lot of migrants need some educating . 
  yes , of course . 
  edit : spellcheck correctors are the worst . 
  it is written like that intentionally . 
  yet people upvoted and downvoted the othe redditor for a complete non-related comment . 
  that shows quite a bit of the bias of this sub , actually . 
   are they causing problems or are working hard/following the law ? 
  many of them are not allowed to work , by the way . 
  more information : http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/08/07/uk-turkey-syria-refugees-workers-idukkcn0qc1uh20150807, 
  they are in favor now , because it has become a direct problem to us .
