  i do n't understand what do you mean . 
  i must admit i know nothing about the chocolate scene in the uk . 
  cadbury sounded british : <, 
  no , you are not understanding . 
  he is not saying that those things are not said in reddit , but that those things are not `` real '' like `` in real life '' , because he is so dense he can not even understand that my comment is not to be taken as my own opinion , but an exaggeration of all the stupid things i have read about sweden in reddit . 
  not to diminish the british chocolate ( cadbury ? ), 
  but swiss chocolate is also probably way better . 
  it 's rather sad that you have to leave so early . 
  we were about to serve the danish pastries . 
  spain is finally entering in the growing zone !, 
  perfect time to suppress the market again to create a a new recession !, 
  and i thought spaniards had a hard time understanding english . 
  of course the things i mentioned about sweden are not true , that is the point of my comments . 
  from my original comment :  well , sweden has always been a good place for business , ** despite ** the dooming statements seeing on reddit . 
  the following comment , in which i mention other subs , is simply an exaggeration of real things i have read those other subs , not my personal view . 
  my first comment is nothing less than a very positive comment of sweden and against those who badmouth it in reddit due to the overblown media cover of some incidents . 
  edit : i am stopping here , because there is nothing to gain with this conversation , specially if your main line of attack , since that can not be considered an argumentation , is that my country is the poorest country on the eu . 
  have a nice day . 
   and also you are from fucking spain , poorest country in the eu , i 'm not even from sweden btw i fail to see how your comment is related with mine , to be honest . 
  i will simply overlook the clear ad hominen in the core of your argument . 
  first of all , even if spain is the poorest country in the eu ( i am shocked to learn it , so bad is it doing now ? 
  since i left i my family can only send me the news with crows , we can not even afford post mail ) , what does it have to do with the negative comments i see about sweden in / r/worldnews or / r/news ? 
  maybe my poor country 's educational system failed to teach my how to express myself correctly , but i think it is pretty clear , from my original post and the subsequent one , that those are views i see and with which i am not in agreement . 
  second , would my comment change in the slightest because you are not from sweden ? 
  i do n't care where you are from . 
  you said that you found more positive comments than negative ones and i begged to differ . 
  i was n't thinking in this subreddit specifically , to be honest , more of the likes of / r/worldnews and / r/news . 
  in / r/europe ? 
  it could be . 
  in / r/worldnews or / r/news ? 
  it is literally a warzone with something like 90 % taxes to feed an over-sized government that use the hard earned money to pay the welfare of million of muslims that are imposing the sharia law in every corner . 
  i mean , after all they are run by man-hatting feminazis that would denounce you for even trying to speak with them . 
  exactly , that is the negotiation strategy of the uk . 
  the eu strategy is , therefore , to not negotiate until the article 50 is triggered . 
  the uk is the one which stated this whole situation , knowing the rules and the proceedings . 
  there is no complaining now that the `` eu is bullying the uk '' because the former want to follow the rules that were set up for this very situation . 
  do you understand that i am using `` kind of argument '' as in , `` it is not literally this '' ? 
  or are you purposely oblivious of the point ? 
  it is a situation in which a party is trying to bend the rules by using what they consider to be an asset and the other party is simply not conceding to such demands . 
  you yourself said that in your original comment :  the uk will indeed use anything and everything to defend its interests . 
  only to complain that merkel will use anything and everything to defend the eu interests . 
  do you want to discuss about this topic ? 
  trigger the article 50 and that can be the first point . 
  edit :  because we have the upper hand and we could cause extreme havoc in southern europe with all their immigrants here . 
  you can try to bait other fish with the scary tactics , mate . 
  `` we do not negotiate with terrorists '' kind of argument here . 
  the article 50 gives a time frame to discuss this very scenario , but the uk wants to use the eu citizens as hostages to gain more time . 
  the only reasonable answer is that , we do not negotiate with people using that kind of tactic , because once you have conceded for the first time , the same people will be used as hostages for the next point , and so on . 
  the rules were clear before the referendum . 
  trying to move the goalposts during the match is not very gentle . 
  it is sad , because in an era in which we should be building bridges , it seems that we are building walls instead , but so was the decision of the british people . 
  i hope them well and i hope that the eu will come stronger out of this . 
  i personally feel both lucky and sad . 
  lucky because i decided germany over uk for long standing post and sad because many friends and relatives went there and will now suffer the consequences . 
  and it is not exaggerating , not being in the eu and the single market has more consequences than simply `` paying entry taxes '' . 
  things like medical staff points , pensions , etc. 
  are affected . 
  well , sweden has always been a good place for business , despite the dooming statements seeing on reddit . 
  many things we use in our daily live have been developed there , and i am not only speaking about ikea . 
  as a fun fact , it is also the country in which you are most likely to become millionare . 
  that is true . 
  all the `` that is what losers say '' is simply a child level come back from the fact that a minority has decided the new president . 
  now , that is the system and trump won fair and square , but saying that he represents the majority is at least a bit of an stretch . 
  you can only be so shitty as a person without expecting at least the middle finger , since politicians are people too . 
  i was n't aware of the full context . 
  before i had no idea about him , but now i respect him a bit more , at least for this . 
  good for gabriel . 
  ten years ago i would have said noway . 
  but nowadays , it seems that china is heading towards a more environmentalist position . 
  i think we should ally with china , at least on that aspect , no matter what the us really does at the end . 
  jesus , leave before your head explodes !, 
  cleaning blood and brains is such as mess ... 
  hey , if there is no planet left , those vegans treehugers will cry , right ? 
  that is good !, 
  i know . 
  i learnt the rules in one afternoon and i could do basically half of the tree in duolingo with what i learn in a simple afternoon . 
  if you speak two or three european languages , it 's basically a free trait . 
  that is why i think it would be so great to use it as the language in europe , because basically 100 % of the people would be able to learn it . 
  just imagine how easy would be to teach this to kids instead of , let 's say , english . 
  i am against violence ... but he started this fight . 
  i do n't understand how your comment is related to mine . 
  care to explain ? 
  i agree . 
  as spaniard living and working in both germany and finland , this experience is being enriching to an extend that i would have never thought before . 
  second video shows that spanish women are not to be mess with . 
  i actually have serious thoughts about idea of making esperanto or the likes the official eu language . 
  english have many problems . 
  first , as a natural language , it is complex to learn and speak fluently . 
  second , it gives unfair advantages to some people over others . 
  third , not only the french , but most people wo n't accept the language as theirs . 
  they will learn how to use it if they have to do it , but there wo n't be assimilation . 
  with esperanto , you take away those problems at once . 
  it is a non-political , culturally neutral language that can be learnt in three months and can be spoken fluently very rapidly , without losing basically anything with respect to any natural language . 
  germany ? 
  finland ? 
  because i work for those two countries . 
  you might be thinking about telegram , which was created by two russians , one of them , pavel durov , being the creator of vk . 
  i do n't use skype , but it is a company that moves a lot of money and it would be great if they could move those millions in estonia instead of in california , from the perspective of estonia , of course . 
  whatsapp is located in california and is a subsidiary of facebook . 
  nokia , as you said , rip .
