  nah , independentism is a dead end to split spain . 
  it would require a serious division among the spaniards . 
  for example , let 's say that in catalonia people preferred the spanish tortilla without onion . 
  that would lead to an instant independence . 
  probably a unanimity vote for expulsion . 
  however , i do n't think catalans would take that deal . 
  at the end , what is worth more , the independence or the onion in the tortilla ? 
  i am not a big fan of the left/right axis either . 
  i agree that it is an oversimplification . 
  i just wanted to point out that in my opinion , catalonia should fall under the right tag , but that is just my opinion , since i think that it is a very fuzzy limit in some cases . 
  it depends on what you call right and what you call left . 
  a coca is not very similar to the pictures shown . 
  a [ coca ] ( http://sucreart.lasprovincias.es/sites/sucreart.lasprovincias.es/files/usuario/u4/coca-de-pasas-y-nueces-corte-sucreart.jpg ) is a kind of sponge cake whereas this cuoques au chocolat/chocolatine/pain au chocolat thing is pretty much a [ `` napolitana de chocolate '' . 
  ] ( http://www.cocinadetodo.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/captura-de-pantalla-2012-06-17-a-las-23.42.07.png ) they simply do n't they are calling it with the wrong name . 
  you are banned for live from the mediterranean diet . 
  do not make this any harder , please . 
  i think catalonia should be on the right . 
  ciu has been governing there for decades and they are as right in the spectrum as the pp . 
  it is simply the regional brand of the same kind of ideology . 
  one could say that in some aspects , it is true that catalonia is usually in the socially progressive side , but in the political landscape , i would n't place them in the left , for example . 
  also , the pnv is also a right wing party . 
  however , it is true that in euskadi there has been more changes to the left . 
  i would say that there are more far left parties , but not necessarily a majority . 
  well , you surely can . 
  try to put the rest under one of those hydraulic press . 
  otto von bismark allegedly said about spain :  i am firmly convinced that spain is the strongest country of the world . 
  century after century trying to destroy herself and still no success . 
  i think we still have to put a bit more effort on that !, 
  i too love all the different cultures and regions of our beloved country . 
  as soon as i saw it , i knew someone would get triggered by that . 
  having `` milnos '' ( alhambra 1925 ) they drink cruzcampo ... 
  well , many spaniards have been born in portugal and many portuguese have been born in spain . 
  in the towns along the frontier it is very usual that people go to work to the other side and sometimes it happens that a woman give birth in a hospital on the other side . 
  i find a pity that we pay so little attention to portugal . 
  it is really a shame . 
  i mean , most spaniards could n't name any current portuguese politician , but that is because we have literally 0 news about them . 
  i think that we like portuguese people more than they like us . 
  but , who can blame them for that ? 
  we do n't even like ourselves . 
  also , we love portuguese towels and i do n't know why , but everybody has towels bought in portugal . 
  i have found that people speak quite openly about these issues . 
  i know many germans that want stricter controls , however , they are still willing to accept those who really need to come . 
  and they do not bite their tongue when speaking because they do not fear to be compared with nazis , as they own that past and have the certainty that they have changed . 
  i think most germans have the tranquility of knowing that they are not guilty of being like those of the past . 
  sort of like when you know that you are innocent and you do n't really care what other people might think , so probably the opposite of shame . 
  there are , of course , real neo-nazis in germany . 
  and calling them that is not `` simply smearing different opinions '' . 
  and the rest of the germans really , really despise them . 
  that is why i think they will gain some followers , but they will never gather enough power to govern . 
  not a single one of the rest of the parties are going to even accept calls from them . 
  op said that implying it is what merkel said . 
  seriously , just go and read the first comment of the chain . 
  if you do n't read anything else besides the title , you could understand that merkel said that , the problem is that the title is purposely misleading . 
  why would she ? 
  she is probably going to win the next election unless schulz makes a great campaign . 
  no , you are not wrong . 
  it is purposely misleading so people believe she meant `` just deal with it '' and get angry . 
  no need to bring / r/atheism to the discussion , mate . 
  many atheist will tell you that there are many jesus lessons that are worthy . 
  some of them know those lessons better than many christians . 
   in my experience , germans can be very aloof and sceptical at times but what might be ironically interpreted a gullibility and weekness i see as geniune intent to care and a driving strength of german the society . 
  so much this . 
  it is very frustrating to see people claiming that it is a sign of weakness . 
  there are of course as many ideologies as people in the country , but what i have found is a people who care . 
  it does not mean that they are perfect or that the country is flawless . 
  i certainly would like my taxes spent in a different way . 
  it is hard to explain it , it is something that you have to experience . 
  for example , people ( including some germans ) believe that `` germany is simply on a guilty trip because of wwii '' . 
  that is far from true . 
  you wo n't find a proudest people of their heritage . 
  however , with all the well-known scientists , poets , and philosophers , also comes the acceptance of the darkest past . 
  the grandfather of the family i live with told me once , with a bavarian accent that i could barely understand , something in the line of `` we must remember , because we were wrong and stupid . 
  and the memory is important to not fall for the same again '' . 
  i have never seen a population accepting their `` stain '' with such honesty and humbleness . 
  and every country has their own version of their `` stain '' . 
  it is simply that others are afraid of recognizing it , because they fear that they have n't solve those problems . 
  that is why i think that germany will be among the strongholds in europe against the far-right . 
  because you need more than that to break german people and its determination . 
  merkel is famous for aligning with the most popular option . 
  most germans are fine with letting refugees in . 
  many disagree on how the checks should be performed , what to do with those who are not refugees , etc. 
  but in the core of the issue , `` there are people who need help and we will help them '' , most germans agree . 
  after living in germany for quite a long time already , i think that it will be shown in the next election , that germans wo n't let terrorist dictate what their policy should be . 
  p.s : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmqkv5ctuoy, 
  so op is purposely trying to mislead the people ? 
  because that is clearly now what merkel said in the article that one should read to be commenting here . 
   how come nobody ever worries about young white western men radicalizing ? 
  well , i do . 
  white western men are still the biggest risk for white western women . 
  why worry about some muslim guy that might try to kill you for being a `` too liberated '' woman if being killed by your husband/boyfriend/ex is orders of magnitude more probable ? 
  there are so many cases , in fact , that they rarely even make to the top ten news of the day . 
  sometimes i think that people really believe that we never had crime in europe before `` the brown people '' came in . 
  just read the top comment and basically all the subsequent comments . 
  and basically the rest of the comments besides that subthread . 
   so we `` have to live with it '' ? 
  people have read the title and nothing else , therefore they have concluded that she meant that we just have to `` deal with it '' . 
  this is not a thread of `` other earlier remarks '' either , so i do n't understand why they would be mentioned here without any context . 
  seriously , it is a flagrant case of simply not bothering to open the article , but people still try to find the twist to defend it . 
  it was al qaeda . 
  everybody said that after a day of investigation .
