  the rest are n't really that big . 
   swedish companies ... or ** used to be ** . 
  which is my point . 
  the problem is that most of them are no longer swedish companies . 
  edit : i could n't care less if the founders were from sweden , estonia or cuenca . 
  that is not my point . 
  the amount of comments fighting over if skype is estonian or swedish show why the us will be always ahead of europe in software technology . 
  in spain , most people will picture the gendarmes like [ this ] ( https://img.difoosion.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/25/files/2015/04/guardia-civil-trafico.jpg ) so not exactly camouflage . 
  well , my father always says that if he really had a problem , he would call the guardia civil first ( the spanish gendarmes ) . 
  they sure have a shady past , but they are also very effective . 
  they have one of the best anti terrorist unit in europe and probably in the world ( sadly , they have had a lot training ) . 
  and they are our main ranger forces ( the seprona division ) . 
  and they will put your traffic tickets !, 
  p.s : i do n't think they are the same as mp , since there is also a military police . 
  edit : forgot a very important point . 
  most people know the gc for their traffic check points . 
  i have a few friends from san escobar and i am really looking forward to visit them . 
  the pictures they have sent me are gorgerous . 
  it seems that they are a poor country , however , since they can not afford to have photos without wartermark . 
  it seems that today i can not put two things together properly . 
  thank you for the information . 
  i have n't said that . 
  i just said that europe can not aspire to be `` tech independent '' if they can not prevent every single `` grass root '' to be purchased by foreign entities . 
  get used to it , because it is a typical talking point in reddit . 
  they call it `` whatabouttism '' , but only when they are not the ones doing it , else it is called `` an appropriate yuxtaposition '' . 
  why would you live in the past ? 
  the motto line was a joke , if you did n't get it . 
  and you have n't read my comment or you are purposely ignoring my point . 
  i said that the capital might be american , but the design is clearly not american . 
  american and german cars are very different because they are designed for very different people . 
  opel is clearly non-american . 
  you are right . 
  i forgot that they are actually going to merge with soundcloud , another swedish company . 
  i was thinking about the offer they received from itunes . 
  having a monopoly is illegal , whether you abuse or not about it . 
  anti monopoly laws are supposed to act before the abuse . 
  opel motto is `` wir leben autos '' , where is your argument now , huh ? 
  now , seriously , most models are designed in germany anyway . 
  so , while part of the capital might be american , the car itself is n't , in my opinion . 
  well , to be fair , europe could do a much better job at retaining their software technology . 
  skype , spotify , and the likes were created here and sold to multinational us companies . 
  no wonder almost every software we use is `` made in the us '' . 
  hell , no . 
  they could be considered that in their programme , but they have done the opposite as fast as they have had the chance to do it . 
  if the economy were better , it would n't matter . 
  once the economy is bad , people will try to find the scapegoat . 
  good lord . 
  about frigging time someone really starts to speak about the real problem with the economy . 
  it is not competitiveness . 
  it is not `` laziness '' . 
  if we can put something at eu scale during the brexit negotiations this whole mess will be worth . 
  sorry but 2/10 . 
  there is no proper setup , no twist . 
  it lacks a weird , tangential connection to topic . 
  it does n't even have the classics !, 
  i hope they still have the receipt , because these new trolls are clearly broken and we deserve a refund . 
  why were you carrying your shopping cart around ? 
  not only minorities , also the so called `` volksverr\u00e4ter '' or traitors to the people . 
  basically , put a bomb in a refugee camp or a neighborhood with many immigrants and if germans were hurt or killed , they probably were traitors anyway . 
  breivik killed plenty of what he would have called `` volksverr\u00e4ter '' in norwegian . 
  can confirm . 
  my friend went to estonia from helsinki to buy the champagne bottles for his defense of the thesis . 
  my supervisor has recommended me to do the same , he says is a finish tradition . 
  well , the biggest groups are latin americans and moroccans . 
  also many sub saharan people . 
  they are not exactly rich , but we have never had problems . 
  it is really not like profit , however . 
  a surplus is something to be avoided , just as much as deficit , in both cases it means that you have n't doing your budget correctly . 
  spain has always been full of migrants and it has never been a problem . 
  walls may work , but her brain certainly does not . 
  walls may work , but her brain certainly does not . 
  nah , it is clearly photoshoped . 
  if you look carefully , the shadow does not match what should be taking into account the light sources . 
  again , surplus has n't that much to do with productivity , because it is a budgetary policy , not a working policy . 
  if you are interested , this very extensive article explains the situation quite well , in my opinion . 
  in the second half , the trade deficits and surpluses and their consequences are explained . 
  nobody is blaming germans for being productive . 
  deficit and surplus are budgetary issues , not working issues . 
  it is good that germans are effective and such effectiveness is something that should be exported and implemented in other countries . 
  heck , for this matter i am a `` german '' , since i have worked in germany for my entire career , and i do n't think that the trade surplus is my fault . 
  if there is a law and such law establish a limit , crossing such limit is illegal . 
  whether there are sanctions or not depends on the will to put a solution to such illegalities . 
  but the word illegal is the correct term . 
  what word do you suggest instead ? 
  going against the eu law is something that should be a concern , not something to brag about . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-11-15/schaeuble-says-germany-won-t-face-sanctions-on-trade-surplus here an article about the issue . 
  even schauble himself admits it . 
  germany avoided the sanctions because they compromised to reduce the surplus in the 2015 budget . 
   it 's not illegal , it is illegal . 
  it is against the eu laws . 
  i never said that it was illegal within the german system . 
  for the same reason , countries like greece , portugal and spain has been threatened for not fulfilling the deficit limit , which is also imposed by the eu . 
  both excessive deficit and excessive surplus as illegal within the eu . 
  what is rich ? 
  to say that running in a trade surplus over a certain limit is as illegal within the eu as running a trade deficit over a certain limit ? 
  because it is and germany has been threatened by the eu with sanctions many times . 
  those never get enforced because it is germany , not because it is not illegal . 
  here an article about the issue : https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-11-15/schaeuble-says-germany-won-t-face-sanctions-on-trade-surplus within the eu , it is illegal for countries to run in both trade deficit and trade surplus above certain limits . 
  germany has been consistently breaching those limits . 
  it finally never gets punished , but not because it is not illegal , but because it is germany .
