  civil marriage is a legal institution by itself . 
  so you can keep the demagogy about the freedom for yourself . 
  freedom of faith means that you will not be prosecuted nor discriminated for the solely reason of your faith , nor you will be prevented to perform your cult displays always within the law . 
  it does not give you any kind of special power to make a law to prevent your religion to be * offended * . 
  religions have no rights , people have . 
  legal protection . 
  when there is only one institution , you can not discriminate whatsoever . 
  there is always a legal difference . 
  when you have two things named in a different way , you can create a different set of rules for each one . 
  so , even if at the moment there were no differences in the set of rules ( which there are , as other redditor has already answered ) , they are legally different . 
  and that is , in my opinion , the problem . 
  if it were impossible for whatever reason to call marriage to a gay marriage , i would rather prefer to demote marriage to a cult display , being all the current marriages transformed legally into civil-partnerships . 
  i have met enough people who were abused children to know that children deserve someone who love them and protect them . 
  anything else does not matter in the slightest . 
  everybody is speaking about how to prevent people to scape from hell instead of how to fix the mess that western powers have created and still benefit from . 
  pathetic . 
  in my opinion , yours is the classic prejudice of those who think that the current state is the `` end of evolution '' . 
  esperanto was created at this stage , based on languages at this stage and thus , as evolved as we are now . 
  languages have not reached their final form . 
  people in the ancient rome surely though that latin was much more evolved and optimal than esperanto . 
  and it has rained a lot . 
  about the sounds of esperanto , you pronounce it as you read it . 
  there is no exceptions for the pronunciation . 
  you learn the sounds and you can pronounce whatever word you encounter . 
  and , by the way , you will find interesting , i think , to know that english is a non-optimized language on purpose . 
  do you think it is optimal to not being able to know how to write or to read a word that you have never encountered before ? 
  well , it is not . 
  but english was not always like that , at least not that bad . 
  that anomaly of english as we know today was caused by the aristocracy in england , back when french was the language of the sophistication and the high-society . 
  they started to incorporate unnecessary letters to english words to make them more similar to the french way of writing . 
  that messed up with the transcription-pronunciation link and lead , after centuries , to the pronunciation we have nowadays . 
  actually , around 60 % of the english vocabulary is , in fact , a loan from french . 
  shall i start with the homonyms ? 
  is that optimal ? 
  having 3-4-5 words which are pronounced exactly the same , even if you write them differently , just because of yes ? 
  there are languages which have declinations or casus , other which have prepositions , and others which have both ( which is completely unnecessary , but just happens that they evolved that way ) . 
  is it efficient or optimal ? 
  not to offend , but i think that your opinion is based in a prejudice against the esperanto , not based on a real thing . 
  i understand that people do n't like it much because it has no culture behind it , but it is , at least , not less optimal than other current languages . 
  i do n't really understand why the thing with the optimization . 
  could you put me an example ? 
  i can not see what do you mean . 
  i do n't think natural languages are more optimal than esperanto . 
  to begin with , what does it mean to be optimal in a language ? 
  there are plenty of language with plenty differences in almost any aspect you can think about , are all of them more optimal than esperanto , which is a language created and designed to be easy , logical and optimized ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  if esperanto , specifically , is the problem , create a new language called european or use interlingua , etc. 
  and simple to learn is a very good thing . 
  i am trying to learn german at the moment and german is not easy to learn . 
  it will take me years before i start to give some kind of coherent conversation above kindergarten level . 
  with esperanto , it would be three months . 
  if i were asiatic , for example , i would prefer to learn esperanto than german to move and work in germany/europe . 
  would you rather learn chinese or esperanto to work in china ? 
  the thing is that not everybody would be taught esperanto , and having an easy language to learn and being able to work in europe is a huge deal . 
  we are speaking about months instead of years . 
  people that i know who speak esperanto learnt conversational level in one single summer , went to conventions and were able to communicate . 
  i have been studying german for 3 years while living in germany and i still have troubles with almost everything . 
  many reasons : first , although english is an easy language to learn the basics , as any other european language , it gets more complicated as you try to advance . 
  esperanto , on the other hand is always easy . 
  english is too complicated to be a native language for people who are not in the anglo-saxon world , however , it is feasible to have real native speakers of esperanto just with the years of mandatory education . 
  instead of spending so much time in the complexities and nuances of a real language , you can spend it in speaking and working with the language . 
  second , english is not a `` blank culture '' language . 
  english is the language of many countries , which already have their own culture . 
  people in other countries are willing to learn english to understand other people , but most of them will never feel english as their language , because it is a foreign thing . 
  however , with esperanto you do n't have that problem . 
  esperanto can adapt to any culture , for it is not based in any culture specifically . 
  people will accept esperanto as a part of their culture , instead of an invasion of a foreigner culture . 
  third , political reasons . 
  language is a very powerful driver of cultures . 
  and with cultures come values . 
  and those values are not universal . 
  english as international language gives too much power to the anglo-saxon world . 
  fourth , other countries would start to learn esperanto as they learn english now and it is going to be much more effective , because esperanto is much simpler . 
  ------------------- i have nothing against english in special . 
  if spanish or french or germany or swahili were the international languages , i would still suggest the same . 
  esperanto is superior in any aspect than any other language in the world for the position of international language . 
  additionally , english could be studied too as it is nowadays . 
  in many countries , people learn three/four languages during the mandatory education . 
  i am just suggesting to give esperanto the same treatment as the local language and make any european bilingual , both in their local language and esperanto . 
  i think that the eu should select esperanto as official language and people in every country should be bilingual with it . 
  in my opinion `` civil rights and duties '' should be a mandatory subject in the school , as it is maths . 
  rhetoric and speech , should also be one of them , in which people would learn how to make an argument , how to confront an opposing arguments and a list of fallacies so they never fell into them . 
  i can even see the exam : `` point the fallacies in the following arguments , if it is the case : 1 . 
  yes , maybe i have committed a crime , but so did you !, 
  ... '' i see the problem . 
  that system could be a great manipulative tool . 
  but sometimes i think that the risk is worth the result . 
  i think that we have had enough of being feared by the `` what if '' instead of being responsible . 
  it is like stepping up from kid to adult . 
  yes , you can screw your life badly , but you have to do it at some point . 
  on the other hand , being educated means little to nothing often . 
  some of the craziest congressmen in the usa are , actually , doctors and engineers . 
   oligarchy . 
  i prefer to see it as meritocracy , because it has nothing to do with the class , but rather with the merits or education of each person , thus it is not an hereditary right , but rather a personal achievement . 
  i see where the problems lie in the meritocratic system , but sometimes it is depressing that my vote counts the same for the things i know about that for the things i have no idea about . 
  i do n't consider crazy the idea of my vote being valued as double in the former and half in the last , so to say . 
  interestingly , switzerland , which is one of the the countries with the most direct democracy , was also one of the last to accept women rights to vote ( 1971 ) . 
  why ? 
  because of the dictatorship of the majority of men . 
  direct democracy is dangerous .
