  in spain we also make jokes about you , but it is not like we hate you , just we are neighbor and we mess together . 
  i bet you do jokes on us ( and you have a lot of things to mock on us ... ) . 
  just do n't take it too serious :p the whole topic is a joke . 
  vive la france !, 
  i find yours the most valid arguments in the whole topic . 
  not even mad . 
  netherlands played with passion in the second half and the team which played the best won the match . 
  i find that the first netherlands ' goal was beautiful . 
  even tho i do n't like football ( i just watch world cup and european cup ) it was beautiful for me . 
  p.s : the only thing is . . seriously . . all those faults , how many yellow cards ? ... it is not like the result would have changed but you remember me to italy ... never go full italy in football ( jk ) . 
  i wanted to add that the video only shows one problem . 
  spain , for example , had one of the lowest public debt with respect of the pib before the economic crisis . 
  the problem was that due to the overprice of the houses , spain had a lot of private debt ( banks ) and , when the country bailed the banks ( which was mandatory , as it was an order of the eu ) the private debt was transformed into public debt . 
  so yeah , the problem showed in the video is probably one of them , but not the only one . 
  at the end of the day , the problem is that , unless uk or usa , we only have the ecb . 
  one central bank for a lot of countries with different problems which solutions and treatments are completely different ( quite often , the opposite ) . 
  we have an unified currency , but not an unified bank system nor a unified fiscal system . 
  that means that the devaluation your own currency to pay debt is not an option , because you ca n't do it and the other countries wo n't be willing to do it , because they would effectively lose money with that . 
  then the edge founds attack your debt because you ca n't defend yourself . 
  the problem is that have some structures of a unified country ( like the same currency ) but we lack others , some of them transcendental in order to avoid the problems we are having right now . 
  nowadays * . 
  also , it is road , not read , in the clarification below my comment . 
  after a civil war , came a forty years long dictatorship . 
  during this dictatorship many people were executed and jailed and many also were `` given the ` walk ' '' * . 
  we have thousands of corpses beneath the surface of the ditchs of our roads and thousands of families do n't even know where their relatives are buried . 
  not only that . 
  our king is the heir of franco ( the dictator ) and the actual government is ruled by the party founded by one of the minister during the dictatorship . 
  the pp ( the party in the government ) does n't even condemn that period , for many of the leaders belongs on powerful families during that time . 
  they have denied time after time to unearth the corpses in order to identify them because `` that would open old wounds '' . 
  it is not `` old wounds '' when many people now a days do n't even know where are the corpses of their parents , grand parents , siblings or sons . 
  ---------------------- it is called `` darles el paseo '' ( my rough translation was `` giving them the walk '' but probably it is too literal to be correct ) because the police used to come to your house , take you outside and shoot you in some read away from the town . 
  you just dissappear . 
  your family does n't even know if you were killed or jailed , they never see you again . 
  the `` legit question '' was supposed to be the ionic tag for you to not be confuse . 
  i think it confused you more than helped . 
  that statement is not completely correct . 
  france is the first , then the usa . 
  but china and spain do n't have half of this quantity . 
  it is considerably inferior , but not half of . 
  also , in spain the tourist leave more money . 
  but yes , the amount of france is quite impressive . 
  i wonder if there are still french people there :p http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_tourism_rankings sample source , but there are plenty of them, 
  with allies like them during the wwii i would rather prefer to be alone . 
  also , the comment of / u/imliterallydyinghere , if i understood correctly . 
  edit : i wanted to say that the comment of / u/imliterallydyinghere was a joke , but i forgot to write `` was a joke '' . 
  and yes , so is mine too . 
  and , as spaniard , i can ensure you that french people throw spanish fruit in the borders like no one else . 
  it is almost an art , perfection through method , effort and repetition . 
  do you mean international system degrees or inch per square stone and fahrenheit ? 
  legit question . 
  so is a joke ? 
  uhm . 
  probably you are right , but people is answering every single comment as if it were legit . 
  i guess `` odd things in the internet '' is the answer here . 
  could somebody explain to me why there are a lot of comments saying exactly the same ?? 
  * czech and slovak languages are mutually intelligible . 
  it makes very little effort to speak the other language . 
  english is taught in every czech school yet only fraction of people have enough of courage ( and opportunity ) to use it in practice . 
  * it seems to me like a bot , or someone with a lot of accounts . 
  not even a comma is changed . 
  did you see this topic is about gay-rights , right ? 
  or did n't you even read the fucking title ? 
   you claiming that gay rights `` matter '' is denying more important issues . 
  yeah , fuck this shit about human rights . 
  if we worked like chinese people in the 80s , in a semi-slavery regime , we would fix the employment . 
  i mean , if this is the only thing that matters , than we should remove all the rights from everyone . 
  i am not speaking with you anymore , because it seems your square-head does not let you to think in anything else . 
  if you are not interested in the topic i seriously have a hard time to understand why are you here , to begin with . 
  your is the definition of pointless , not argumentative , misleading comment . 
  you only came here to drive a wedge . 
  well , i would be infuriated too . 
  this announcement is plain stupid . 
  i agree with you but  the problem is that our religious conservatives really stopped at the first step what i am exactly saying is that * our religious conservatives * should not have the right to decide about other 's people life . 
  nobody is asking them to be gay , therefore , i seriously have a hard time to understand why they have a voice in this whole thing . 
  would they decide what should i pick in the menu in the restaurant tonight ? 
  being religious does n't invest that people with superpowers . 
  the religion is a personal issue which rules your own life . 
  also the whole argument is a fallacy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeal_to_tradition `` it has always be this way , why should we change ? '', 
  is not an argument . 
  to finish , in spain there were a lot of people claiming that the gay marriage would be the end of the family . 
  nowadays , they are a minority . 
  the progress in the social rights can not wait for the last old guard to die . 
  it is adding rights to the people without touching anyone else 's right . 
  edit : to clarify , i am not saying you stand for that argument . 
  but this is my answer to that people against it . 
  i am sorry , but it is completely pointless to say that the deficit of newborns nowadays is due the amount of gay couples and not because it is almost impossible to be , at the same time , mother or father and worker in the vast majority of the eu countries . 
  if you want more children , make it easy for the couples . 
  in spain , you work from 9 to 19 , in the best case . 
  both members of the partner . 
  earning 2.000 bruto with both contributions . 
  do you know how much does it cost a baby ? 
  they can barely survive themselves , it would be stupid to bring a creature to the world if you ca n't sustain him/her . 
  furthermore , gays can adopt . 
  and there is a lot of children who are orphans and who will never have parents , because usually , the heterosexual couples prefer to have their own children . 
  the lesbian couples can have their own children , using the semen of a bank of semen . 
  the reproductive argument is just pointless . 
  i just though this topic was about the gay-rights . 
  that misleading tittle `` gay-rights march held in moldovan capital '' , totally confused me . 
  yeah , let 's speak about employment . 
  in every fucking topic .
