  in japan , for example they are quite usual in public toilets and many people have the same at home ( less now , because of the occidental influence ) . 
  many problems with the depositions are caused by the unnatural position of being * sitting while shitting * . 
  the human rectum is designed to help to contain the feces while we are standing , and to be a straight line while squatting . 
  using our usual toilet is a halfway position , which causes us to need to force the feces out ( which causes a lot of problems , such as hemorrhoids ) . 
  those who have gone camping in the middle of the wild and have pooped in the middle of the forest probably have noticed that it is surprisingly easy . 
  additionally , people seem to believe that * a hole on the ground * have no pipes or something . 
  [ this is a real example . 
  probably he uses mustache wax . 
  maybe russia wants to kill ireland slowly , by `` accidentally '' killing every single airliner !, 
  it would be the next , logical step in the passive-aggressive current war attitude of russia !, 
  dropping bombs it quite old-fashioned , you know . 
  i just learn it an hour ago or so . 
  maybe i learnt it in the school , but in that case i completely forgot it . 
  [ n. . not bad . 
  ] ( http://www.antena3.com/clipping/2013/01/24/00312/14.jpg ), 
  the story of that guy , omar borkan al gala , is quite impressive : he was kicked out of dubai because he is too handsome . 
  in spain we have the best looking indian men , that is a fact now . 
  he is an indian actor . 
  man-o-wars are not jellyfish , but siphonophores . 
  pu\u00e9 me va a agarr\u00e1 la. . . you are right , he would have been great . 
  they are man-o-wars . 
  in spain we say that the portuguese women have mustache , but i never heard before that the portuguese men were ~ ~ jellyfish ~ ~ siphonophore ... by the way , i agree with my part . 
  i am like that guy , but completely different and 200 % uglier . 
  and the guy in the picture is an indian actor . 
  edit : til that the portuguese man-o-war is not a jellyfish but a siphonophore . 
   you do n't have to pay any taxes to the government for healthcare do you realize that the us is the country which spend the largest amount of public budget in healthcare in the whole world , right ? 
  the citizens of the usa spend more in both public and private money than anyone else in the world . 
  like almost twice as much as the second in the standings , it is not even close . 
  it is not about private or public healthcare . 
  it is about how the american system is fucked up beyond hope . 
  other countries with private healthcare and very strong government legislation are actually quite high . 
  it is not a problem with the private healthcare , but with the american system specially . 
  check this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsjgoubmo0m ) of a fellow american , john green , who explain quite well why the system there is broken . 
  to be honest , i am more concerned about how western countries let saudi arabia decapitate and crucify a teenager for protesting without even raising the voice than for a fucking statue . 
  we have been bowing to them since they have oil and resources . 
  and this is outrageous ? 
  after everything we have swallow to keep the good relations and this is what is going to cause `` a long impact in the society '' ?? 
  seeing people more outraged for this than for that is what truly infuriates me . 
  i am done with this subreddit . 
  to be honest , i am more concerned about how western countries let saudi arabia decapitate and crucify a teenager for protesting without even raising the voice than for a fucking statue . 
  seeing people more outraged for this than for that is what truly infuriates me . 
  it depends , if they are visiting saudi arabia , yes , because they sell oil . 
  when they visit other muslim countries , i do n't think they do it . 
  `` having the decency '' is basically the argument they use to cover the statue up . 
  they did it because of the money . 
  they want the visit to be as smooth as possible to not risk the deals and they cover up an statue . 
  i was clearly speaking about the alcoholism problem of finland ...  trying to make your primary school system closer to finland 's does n't mean you have to also import their [ finland 's ] problem with alcoholism . 
  the way you write shows to me that you are not going to read any of what i am writing , you are here just to spit your racism . 
  who has spoken about uneducated foreigners ? 
  if they were educated , would they be accepted in your `` native ethnicity '' ? 
  i do n't know , should steve jobs , son of a syrian refugee in the us , be considered american or he is not white enough ? 
  does the amount of wealth also influence in whether they can be considered natives or not or it is only the level of studies ? 
  what do we do here in spain ? 
  spain has been christian for a lesser amount of time that we were a muslim kingdom . 
  can the white people here be considered natives or we shall only accept muslims ? 
  you are just spitting disqualifications wishing to `` add some strength '' to your lack of arguments . 
  and , honestly , i would rather hit my head against the wall than keep speaking with someone like you . 
  have a nice day . 
  then do n't complain when they do n't feel integrated , if you do n't want to integrate them . 
  and , by the way , either you like it or not , they are as citizens as you are . 
  they only know the country they have been raised in and they belong into that country . 
  have a nice day . 
   yes , as usual , let 's just blame the native citizens . 
  they 're european so innately evil . 
  i am a native european and i have also been an immigrant , so i have experience in both sides . 
  i am not blaming the native citizens , but those who by their actions , consciously or unconsciously , hinder a proper integration . 
  your comment is nothing but a perfect example of what i mean . 
  the grandson or granddaughter of an immigrant is a native citizen , as native citizen as you are . 
  when you speak about them as only half citizens , you are only contributing to alienate them . 
  i do n't see how the answer will emerge , to be honest . 
  saying `` i will spend a lot of money to overhaul the system to improve the integration of sons of immigrants '' would be the political death of politicians in a lot of european countries , even if the consequences are positives and possibly pay by themselves in the long run . 
  masses of people have very hard time thinking beyond the next week in political terms . 
  in the last century , we saw a lot of projects for 40-50 years in the future to try to realistically tackle a problem . 
  how many of those are we seeing nowadays ? 
  i can not speak for finland ( yet ) , but in germany or spain , very few ( i would say none , but one should never use those terms ) . 
  if you think that a teacher has the time to teach `` tolerance and critical thinking '' in an over-crowded class trying to end a too long book ... teachers can only do that much , as i said . 
  not every country is like finland with an amazing primary-secondary school system , with very qualified teachers and a lot of funding . 
  that is the problem . 
  people complain if you spend money in integration but also complain when they face the problems caused by not spending that money . 
  it is a lose-lose situation for a politician and therefore they prefer not to speak about it . 
  and , again , it is a society problem . 
  as long as we keep not treating them as full citizens ( for example , by calling them immigrants ) there will be problems . 
  the first step will always start with the random joe . 
  and then the system will have an easier time . 
  it depends . 
  european system of universities is rather different . 
  you can check for german universities that they are not that high , just because their investigation is done in the max-plank society institutes , which have direct links to the universities . 
  and the max-plank society is at the level of the mit . 
  many of them are probably still better than german ones . 
  just not that much if you take it into consideration . 
  and german ones are free . 
   `` look at the healthcare system in sweden '' - but they do n't want the heavy taxes to support it . 
  or they do . 
  just listen to bernie sanders speaking about raising taxes to fund a public option in the american health care . 
  no doubt about it . 
  europe would benefit to be more like america in other parts . 
  first thing that comes to my mind , america should really get rid off the most expensive yet extremely unfair and ineffective health system they have . 
  there is literally no advantage , yet the change would become america a bit more like europe in that sense and that scares a lot of americans . 
  it is not like the us has to copy everything we do here in europe or vice versa . 
  trying to make your primary school system closer to finland 's does n't mean you have to also import their problem with alcoholism .
