  i think i will trust the apa better than you : http://www.apa.org/news/press/response/gay-parents.aspx some of the data were gathered in spain . 
  you can also consult the works of fernando chac\u00f3n , who was the dean of the medical college of madrid . 
  i think i will trust the apa better than you : http://www.apa.org/news/press/response/gay-parents.aspx, 
  i do not take breakfast , so i would prefer free lunch . 
  well , it will take 2 years , not exactly breaking that fast . 
  i guess that the other redditor want to know if they can be * really * considered a progressive party , because many parties with `` labour '' or `` socialist '' in their names have scrapped any kind of social democracy policies from their manifestos . 
  self-labeling is meaningless , in my opinion . 
  sure , the reference is : * arnvidh et al. 
  * journal of reddit bullshit , 550-552 , 0305 , 2017 ,, 
  i am very happy to heard it and i hope it remains like that for the times to come . 
  the best study that uses `` human babies '' : spain has had full adoption for more than a decade and all the studies have found no correlation within statistical error between the sexuality of the couple and child 's welfare and development . 
  other factors such , as socio-economic status , play a much more important role . 
  one of the few times i think spain is on the right side of history : vast majority of support for full adoptions ( which is the law , they have exactly the same rights are heterosexual couples ) and green tick in all boxes in gay rights . 
  still , the picture is very glooming all across the table . 
  a clear sign that there is still a lot of work to do . 
  homophobia has been solved during the two last years . 
  did n't you receive the memo ? 
  orthodox church , it seems . 
  other redditor posted related statistics ( about morality , not same sex marriage ) and the division between religions seems pretty strong . 
  i agree with lithuania here and everyone in the eu should do more . 
  yes , i meant that . 
  my phone sometimes changes words of they are very similar . 
  anyway , there are critical post in any thread about the topic , so the delusion of op about mods secretly plotting to suppress criticism about merkel does make any sense . 
  i doubt his intention is actually becoming a mod . 
  like in literally every single post that even tangentially mention any kind of movement of people . 
  but in their head , they are being prosecuted . 
  so long , the only comments i have seen removed were people claiming for a genocide , basically , which i think does not exactly fall under the umbrella of `` criticism '' and is against the rules . 
  i would . 
  and i understand why poland would do it too . 
  in my opinion , principles are not negotiable and above the eu . 
  it so happens that the polish government and i seem to have opposite opinions , but i guess we both are with accepting the consequences . 
  kind of unfortunate phrasing , when a remained mp was shot dead by a brexiter . 
  because as of today may can not do the same to eu citizens . 
  after 2019 she might . 
  you clearly did not understand my comment then . 
  have a nice day . 
  i do n't blame germany alone . 
  i am just pointing that there is a problem and as soon as it is mentioned in reddit a lot of people enter in full defensive mode , as if the argument was about obligating germany to make worse products or be poorer , which is senseless , because a strong germany is beneficial for the everyone in the eu . 
  what is your point ? 
  i did not get it . 
  the eu has been warning germany for a damaging trade surplus for at least 5 years and it is a recurring theme , which appears again every year . 
  even macron has pronounced himself about this issue already . 
  germany was actually threatened with sanctions but ultimately avoided them because the government pleaded to take actions to reduce it , which not only has n't happened , but last year was actually a historical high . 
  many experts see the german trade surplus with the rest of the eu as one of the most dangerous threats to it . 
  that i do n't know . 
  but he would be anti greed , in favor of helping the ones in need , against judging other people , etc. 
  i do n't know what his position would be in abortion or gay marriage , because , as far as i know , he spoke very little about them . 
  he , however , spoke quite a lot about what i have just mentioned , which is contrary to the attitude of most christians parties at least in the western world . 
  tldr i did n't mean that jesus would be pro abortion or gay marriage , i mean that this is the totality of `` christian values '' that christian parties have , while the core of the teachings of jesus christ is always left out as accessory or unimportant for those parties . 
  so , the christian party and the party of people who say they are christian but act nothing like jesus christ would do . 
   they seem to have lost touch with what actual christian values entail . 
  very few christians or religious conservative organizations actually follow christians values . 
  jesus christ would be closer to the far left than to people like the republican party in america ( and other parties of the same kind around the world , this is just an example that everyone here will recognize ) . 
  `` christian values '' nowadays mean opposition to abortion and same sex marriage . 
  it has very little to do with the teachings of jesus christ . 
  then people wonder how comes that spain is such a corrupted country . 
  when people equate a possible case with a never ending list of cases and yell `` they are all the same !, 
  they are all the same !, 
  '' , how could it be any different ? 
  for fuck sake , there is a fucking new corruption scandal for the pp every week . 
  corruption is the first thing that should be eradicated in spain and the pp is , by far , the most corrupted party in the country . 
  hands down . 
  not even the psoe , which is another cesspool of corruption , is close to it . 
  every party in spain is `` someone to tell '' the pp about corruption . 
  however , they receive support from their european colleges because they are close ideologically , proving once again that ideology is above integrity . 
  podemos is not against the eu , but anti austerity measures that are not targeted towards the things need be fixed , but the weakest ones . 
  if the eu promoted more equality for its people , they would support it . 
  they also specially dislike the support that the pp receives from the eu , being the epitome of what is wrong with spain ( corruption , nepotism , unnecessary airports , etc ) . 
  sort of like when merkel supported the greek party which lies lead to the greek crisis instead of syriza . 
  `` no corruption ! '', 
  except when they are ideologically closer to you . 
  then corruption is not that important . 
  i completely agree . 
  in any case , i find the opposite is more common , at least in reddit . 
  i have tagged a few users that would take any chance to make a cheap shot at spain , even if it 's tangential to the thread . 
  of course , it does not reflect the feelings of the average people . 
  whenever i have visited portugal , i have always felt at home . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/6b63ud/father_throws_chair_at_judge_after_the_driver/dhkfn5w/ the only comment that i have read there which has something to do with the situation and understanding the court decision and not just feelings , psychopaths describing how they would enjoy torturing people and cheap shots at the nl , because `` this would n't happen in murica '' ( somehow , police officers killing unarmed black men and getting a slap in the wrist do not count as murica ) . 
  what a cesspool of a thread . 
  ah , the myth of harsher punishment are more efficient . 
  if that were the case , countries with death penalty would have the lowest crime rate . 
  username checks out . 
   why is everyone so butthurt here ? 
  let 's see ...  it 's absolutely embarrassing for a president oh , you said it yourself . 
  that is , of course , if being `` buthurt '' means `` not liking that the president of an eu country `` jokes '' ( in the best case scenario ) about suppression and assassination of the press . 
  beside this being simply a joke , there was an article posted here that presented studies suggesting that people in the uk seem actually favorable to leave the eurovision song contest . 
  from world champions to last in eurovision : <, 
  not really . 
  after spending so much time in the internet reading about certain topics , it still surprises me to go into the `` real world '' and noticing how few the average person know about them . 
  i could bet that the vast majority of my family would n't get the joke , because they have no idea who farage is . 
  i like that the portuguese song is in portuguese . 
  i am so tired of lately having all songs in english , just because more people can understand them . 
  it kills any variety and all of them sound the same . 
  the index you are looking for is called social/economic mobility . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:social_mobility_is_lower_in_more_unequal_countries.jpg it does n't show belgium , but it shows countries with high wealth redistribution . 
  also , there is this interesting talk about why sweden is the best place in the world to become a millionaire and touches the topic of social/economic mobility https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9umdy0e8hu, 
  the prices of housing is ridiculous . 
  i bet that pre 2008 , spain was on the level of norway , just because of the bubble . 
  a house that was half paid 30 years ago by 5 years of savings of a school teacher was worth in 2008 2.2 million euros . 
  that was the case within my social circle , but i am sure i could find many more stories similar to that .
