   social tension i would agree on this one , but i think we would disagree on the origin . 
   dying local culture . 
  what dying local culture ? 
  do you think that 2 million refugees that are maintained for the most part separated from the population in refugee camps and shelters can have such a strong influence over 500 + million ? 
  that is less than a 0.4 % . 
  for comparison , a 3.7 % of the german population are turks and , as far as i can tell , local culture is still the same here in munich and in germany in general . 
  we drink beer and eat wei\u00dfwurst every friday ( for breakfast ) . 
  sure , we now have a lot of kebab places , which is good after you drink a lot of beers . 
  we also get \u00d6zil , despite many people complaining about him playing the last tournament ( for being bad , not for being of turkish origins ) . 
  what has fundamentally changed of the local culture and why this case should be different ? 
   when locals tremble in own country you know there is a problem somewhere locals do not tremble because of refugees . 
  i bet most people here have n't seen any . 
  people feel scare because we live in a world where the shock and the fear are the best ways to control the population . 
  have n't we learnt anything from the us ? 
  the first time i visit the country , i watched the news report in the hotel and it was the most dooming experience i have ever had , it was death and chaos everywhere , it looked like a civil war . 
  however , in the streets it was normal . 
  people have more fear now than 20 decades ago , despite the crime ratios being half and still decreasing . 
  people have fear of refugees there , despite the higher probability of being shot by a toddler than being killed by a refugee . 
  we are not more special or smarter than them and we are as suggestible . 
  does it mean that all refugees are angels or even good ? 
  no , of course not . 
  you could n't take a sample of 2 million people of any kind and be sure that all are good . 
  i am fine with more screen processes ( as long as they are being held in a safe place meanwhile ) and with creating safe zones in syria , with the help of our own armies to protect them from attacks of either side . 
  what i am not ok with is with treating like people like they do n't even qualify as humans . 
  iceland has the coolest one . 
   i 'm assuming you 're from spain i was born in spain , but i live in germany since before the refugee crisis . 
  i would call it a slow approximation . 
  all these fortresses recall me to the chaos symbols of warhammer . 
  germany has always deported illegal economic migrants as well as people who have failed to obtain the refugee status , tens of thousands in 2016 . 
  she has pushed a plan to deport 100000 in 2017 . 
  and , again , we are not bringing them here because we want their `` native mentality '' , as you call it , or `` their skills '' but because they can not stay in their own country safely . 
  i seriously have a hard time understanding why people always bring `` the skills '' when speaking about refugees . 
  i would understand that speaking about economic immigrants , but i can only assume that some people can not grasp the difference between one or the other . 
  nobody has imported them . 
  they were fleeing from war and famine and germany has offered refuge there while the situation in their countries is bad enough . 
  refugees are not economic immigrants . 
  so , again , i will assume that the negative effect the other redditor mentions is basically offering shelter to people in high risk . 
  why ? 
  i pee while sitting . 
  people who put carpet in the bathroom should be banned from hygiene discussions . 
  do you spend 30 seconds cleaning your hand ? 
  the signs in my office in germany , posted during the h1n1 crisis , require 15 and i already thought it was an exaggeration . 
  i am still a bit uneasy to know that people are ok with cleaning their butts with just paper toilet instead of soap and water . 
  if you had a stain of feces in your forehead , you would n't clean it with just toilet paper . 
  you are better than spain in many positive things . 
  of course . 
  you have better towels and that incentives cleaning your hands . 
   they could lower taxes and pay the people more which would stimulate it as well without all the negative effects the negative effect of what ? 
  saving people ? 
  it is hard to remain calm and friendly when the official delegate of your `` natural ally '' calls for your destruction and ruin . 
  however , you are right . 
  after counting to 10 , one realize that the majority of people of both entities do not hate each other and we are better off cooperating that hurting each other . 
  i would add , though , that it could change quite fast , depending on what the us government does and , more specifically , how it is presented to both eu and us population . 
  do not waste your time with him . 
  he is always in these kind of topics making inflammatory comments to try to get people 's reactions . 
  you can find him in a post above saying that the uk will hurt the eu because they always will have one up over the eu . 
  all the show of him playing the playing the victim card is simply trolling . 
  not so many of them in germany , and people who hate the eu are not going to vote for him anyway , but also not for merkel , who is also very pro eu . 
  they bring a reminder of something that we seem to have forgotten . 
  i agree with schulz . 
  it is in the finest hour , when sticking to your principles is the hardest thing to do , it is then when the character of people reveals itself and when it is shown how valuable those principles are to you . 
   more of an ` idea ' person than a technocratic lawmaker like merkel or sch\u00e4uble . 
  is n't it what europe needs now ? 
  i think that the job of the leaders is to choose from the plans designed by the technocrats , not create the plans themselves . 
  those plans require thousands of hours and many people to be done correctly . 
  i would prefer someone who has a clear idea and gives hope for the future , which is what we need , rather than someone who get lost in the numbers and forget the bigger picture . 
  it is funny because you find people telling you that in fact you are basically in a war zone . 
  how do you argue against that ? 
  `` no , it is obviously not '' should be enough , but people want proofs . 
  what should i do ? 
  take a photo of the streets so you can see that there is no sharia law police car parked in front of my office ? 
  the government of the uk has expressed a clear hostility towards the eu , i would consider that . 
  officials and politicians have been insulting , disregarding and threatening to the eu . 
  not only now but during the whole campaign . 
  on the other hand , i do n't have anything against the vast majority brits . 
  i understand their fears and worries and i even understand why many have ~ ~ feel ~ ~ felt compelled to vote to leave . 
  if you think those statements of people like johnson or farage are outrageous , then i am sorry if i might have offended you , because you are not my target at all . 
   are all french people marine le pen ? 
  if you 're dutch does that make you equivalent to gerry wilders ? 
  no , but i would totally understand that people get annoyed by them and thus i would not complain when other people express their opinions about them or their followers . 
  i do n't think that anyone has a remainer in mind when they feel insulted by the leave politicians or some leave voters . 
  i do n't know why he would feel referenced when someone complains about the comments of theresa may or boris if he does n't feel represented by them . 
  you can shit all you want on mariano rajoy and the only thing you will achieve is for me to help you do that . 
  as long as your president and the people around him threat our home , what do you expect us to do ? 
  you are the ones who elected him , not us . 
  at the end of the day , i do n't think it matters that much . 
  i have accepted that there are assholes everywhere in the world as well as good people . 
  the us is no exception . 
  as i said , i have no grudge whatsoever against the average american * per se * , i have plenty of friends there and i wish their country to do well so they can have good lives , but i fear the damage that the us government can do , by accident or on purpose , to my home , which is europe . 
  i bought a copy of your book . 
  chapter 7 is my favorite . 
  i know , but because of my accent , i have been called hispanic in the us , whenever i have visited my friends there . 
  that does n't bother me , because being hispanic is nothing bad of course , but let 's face it , for some people the attitude towards them have changed . 
  `` its presumed citizens '' are the president of the united states and his cabinet . 
  the vicious attacks against of the most important politicians , the whole `` the nato thing is outdated '' , the `` which eu country should we lure out of the eu now ? 
  '' , the fact that it seems that a divided eu is what the current government have in mind as interest of the us , ... 
  i do not judge the us for the americans in reddit , but we are speaking about elected officials here . 
  in other words , i have nothing but love for the average american ~ ~ ( the part of them who do not hate me for being `` hispanic '' , that is ) ~ ~ ( edit : i do n't want a detail to hinder the exposition of the point of my comment ) . 
  it is the government which i fear and , lets be clear , it was the american electorate who put them there and gave them the powers they have ( presidency , house and senate , and soon the supreme court ) . 
  the only think that gives me hope about the whole situation is that trump actually lost the popular vote and he was elected by only a 27 % of the americans .
