  i mean , redditor for 0 days ... 
  even the troika said that , that is why they spoke about debt restructuring some years ago , but finally it never `` came live '' . 
  the decision was never `` will greece pay half or the entire debt ? '' . 
  there was and there is no scenario in which greece can pay all the debt . 
  it is just utterly impossible . 
  however , you can not sell that to your voters so the plan was to keep kicking the ball forward so at least `` we '' wo n't have to deal with it . 
  they only way greece can pay a fraction of its debt , is through real growth and debt restructure . 
  then , debtors will be able to collect some of the money . 
  if this is not the case , they wo n't collect any , because a bankrupt country , as a dead man , can not pay back . 
  i answered the same to another redditor in the comment below . 
  sure , you are right . 
  however , i think that i have never seen the eu so anti one government as in this case . 
  i understand that the work is twice as hard . 
  about the local policies ? 
  i do n't know , we will have to see . 
  as i said before , it is more about being honest than about other things . 
  i guess that living in spain for so long , i expect very little to politicians ... 
  on the other hand , they have achieved many favorable things in the agreements . 
  other greek government would have accepted 4 months ago , with even worse conditions . 
  given the little amount of power they had in negotiations , they have the whole continent pending on what they are going to say on sunday . 
  do you think with other politicians it would have been possible ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think he has a very clear idea , either correct or not , and he seems to have a plan . 
  and he is brave enough to just say i would cut my arm before singing something i do n't agree with . 
  and so far , he has n't done it . 
  i compare him with our ministers , and i could not be more envious . 
  just because of the honesty , not because of personality or even ideas . 
  oh , i am definitively considering to vote for podemos . 
  watching the alternatives , it is for me either podemos or iu , and i think that a good shake in the table is what this country needs . 
  psoe has sold itself and pp is just a cancer for the country . 
  i still think that there is no figure like varoufakis among podemos , who is available for the econmin . 
  edit : grammar corrections . 
  i can not find the exact article i read back in time , too many things have been written about the whole issue , but i find a nice gathering of broken promises in [ video format ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoy3uipo13c ) ( i do n't know if you are good enough to understand it , but do n't worry , sometimes i too can not understand rajoy ) here an [ article ] ( http://economia.elpais.com/economia/2012/11/30/actualidad/1354283253_940492.html ) about rajoy breaking his last promise , almost exactly one year after the elections . 
  no , you do n't have to . 
  politicians say that , even if it is not true , so at the end , the people who do not know about the topic , believe it . 
  you can not lose it , but you can renounce to it . 
  thank you for the information anyway , i was not aware of that clause in the constitution . 
  according to the eu , the best prime minister would be the one who lied in the books for greece to enter in the euro . 
  or at least that is what they were saying during the past elections . 
  i think you are all treating greek people like if they were kids . 
  greek people who plans to vote no knows that no means that it could be a worse situation for a certain amount of time , but a light at the end of the tunnel . 
  i think that the troika are the ones making it look like praising the moon . 
  would you imagine that ? 
  it would be a political tsunami . 
  however , as varoufakis says , the rest of europe is basically the only player who do n't agree with reality , because we are an interested part in the issue . 
  i go into the internet an i only see experts and governments from other countries ( in the opposite positions of the political spectrum sometimes ) saying what varoufakis says . 
   i just hate the way he says it . 
  he only has one gear . 
  he does n't know how to be calm and express himself in a way that is n't so damn defensive . 
  because he is not a politician , but a professor . 
  i agree that i would like him to be able to modulate his speech , because he probably would attract much more people to a speech i mostly agree with . 
  i know it is not a popular opinion here , but if we had more varoufakis in politics , europe would be a better place . 
  not because of his personality , but because he knows what is he speaking about and he is honest with his own believes , which is something i appreciate in a politician , of any position in the spectrum . 
  is this allowed ? 
  i am asking it seriously . 
  as far as i know , the human rights prevent you from taking people 's nationality . 
  however , i think it is the case to prevent them being stateless . 
  so i am not sure how it would be in this case . 
  yes , that is why i put the `` europe '' between quotation marks . 
  there are many courts in europe and i am not an expert , so i think it can be done , i am not sure which path would be the best . 
  i saw him in `` salvados '' ( a spanish tv show which i love ) and i found him very reasonable . 
  i wish i could have politics like him , despite we may not agree in all the ideas . 
  still better accent than in spain , if we could speak english , of course . 
  comparing yourself to extremadura is like playing football poorly and saying that you did better that the guy without legs . 
  the name of that region is not a coincidence . 
  he is telling you that it is an statistical trick , what you have used . 
  i would say it took longer because of the foreigners who came here , because they were more structured than the republican militias . 
  surely republicans fought until the very end and the help of other fascists helped franco to win . 
  the artillery and war-machines were really helpful . 
  however , i think the the major flaw in the republican side was , indeed , the distinct factions that had a lot of internal fights . 
  `` de riesgo '' means `` of risk '' or `` risky '' ( situation de riesgo , risky situation , for example ) prima is the name for the daughter of the siblings of your parents , so your cousin . 
  but also , is the term for primes and premiums . 
  and the exact terminology for the case . 
  a government that try to undermine the rights of the people through terror is using terrorism . 
  the problem is that we are too used to associate it only with bombs or assassinations . 
  terrorism is much wider . 
  as far as i know , if it is against the human rights , like it is in this case ( since , for example , you are negated a fair trial ) , the eu can overrule it . 
  `` do n't be evil '' would be translated into spainish as `` roba lo que quieras y l\u00e1rgate con lo que puedas '' ( `` steal all you want and get away with what you can '' ) to keep the traditions of spain 's rulers . 
  i am not sure how they would translate it into the other spanish languages or portuguese , but i guess that something similar . 
  that is sadly true , as i said , it is like a football match . 
  `` i do n't want psoe to win , so i will vote pp '' instead of `` psoe failed my expectations , i am going to pick up a party that remains closer to my vision of the situation '' . 
   and the king do you know that ciu was funded , and still is , a monarchy party , right ? 
  they push for an independence , but to remain under the same king . 
  for the rest , i am not going to defend pp , because they are even worse than what you described . 
  but i think that ciu is a cancerous party itself , just like pp . 
  actually , yes . 
  two of the best things done by the previous government . 
   they only ban unauthorized protests , do you know what is the funny part about this bit ? 
  in spain it does not exist an `` unauthorized protest '' . 
  protest are always legal , according to the constitution itself , and only can be dispersed or banned afterwards or in foresight of a dangerous situation by a judge . 
  if tomorrow we start a protest for whatever reason in the middle of madrid , we do n't need to ask permission or give any information to anyone . 
  you probably want to , for logistic purposes , but not for legal reasons . 
  it is just an example of how repeating a lie one thousand times in politics , it becomes a fact . 
   it may be me but i know a family that lives in `` their '' house after an organization stopped their eviction . 
  they were disconnected from the electric grid and the activists reconnected them . 
  nobody talks about how they drove around in bmws ( several hundred meters to the bakery just so people could see them in the cars ) and their `` i 'm better than you attitude '' they had while they were spending the money they loaned but hey , i 'm not bitter they got their cake and ate it and my family only spends what we have . 
  what a demagogic piece of **** is your comment . 
  now , people who is going to be evicted in a country with 25 % of unemployment is because they want . 
  and they have bmw !, 
  and they are arrogant !,
