  i bet they have less ping from the space than i do from home : <, 
  i prefer it , but of course i am totally biased . 
  people simply prefer to what they are used . 
  now , spanish simpsons are objectively better than mexican simpsons . 
  i would say that american spanish is closer within than any of its variants is to peninsular spanish . 
  however , i am not sure of it , just from my experience . 
  the difference would be like the us vs uk accent . 
  any us accent is probably closer to other us than it is to uk 's . 
  they are military ninjas , though . 
  you can not see them , but they can see you . 
  it may have the spanish flag , but most spanish courses i have seen are mostly based on mexican spanish . 
  jokes . 
  do you have them in ` murica ? 
  apples without skin do not taste at all . 
  i guess it is the glyphosphate what gives them the flavor . 
  he was a german citizen and had a fixation with breivik . 
  and he lured immigrants to the mcdonalds via facebook , targeting them afterwards during the shooting . 
  i am not saying that he was a part of a far right terrorist group , because the police has n't reach that conclusion , but the way you have presented the data is quite misleading . 
  trump is not an heterogeneous group . 
  he is a single person . 
  therefore , i do not understand your comparison . 
  it is not the first time they have made covers of terrorism with pictures like this one . 
  when are we expecting `` the left '' to explode ? 
  can we wait until tuesday , i have an important presentation on monday . 
  also i read the `` america first '' not as `` i will look for america first '' but in the sense of `` i killed america first , who is the next one ? 
  we have a spanish le pen , he is called santiago abascal . 
  thankfully he is utterly irrelevant and he is only known because it is funny to laugh at him . 
  his party got less votes than the animal rights party but he still tweets like if someone really care . 
  as an anecdote about such character , the idiot went to gibraltar to give spanish flags to the monkeys and had to swim his way back . 
  edit : we also have proper fascists , called la falange ( the phalanx ) . 
  but they obtained 257 votes . 
  crisis are also oportunities . 
  i hope that romania is able to turn the tables and end up better than how they started . 
  is there any one of those who do not give the panflet feeling ? 
  only a few look like professionally made . 
  trolls are funnier and more effective when they look like people genuinely posting their opinions . 
  the us is not sending their best : <, 
  the us is not going to put sanctions against germany as they did not impose that stupid 20 % of tariff against mexican imports ( the idea was scrapped within minutes , i assume because the economical advisors of trump started to yell and run in circles ) . 
  the world does n't work that way . 
  one person can not change at will the pattern of global markets , even if it is the president of the us . 
  are you sure ? 
  out of those subs , reddit can be quite hostile towards women , even if they do n't mention what they are . 
  it would not be the first time that i have spoken in / r/worldnews , for example , only to be belittle for supporting topics or posting arguments that most women i know would use . 
  internet in general is very daunting for women , just take a look at twitter . 
  however , i have also noticed that the higher the concentration of women , the more women are attracted to it , even in places like online videogames . 
  * takes a another look to the gender distribution * i think i am fine , thank you . 
  as an excuse , i will say that the meeting would be brigaded by / r/t _ d. 
  so . . how is the dm box going ? 
  well , one can not say that romanians only complain in internet and do nothing . 
  thank you very much for the advice !, 
  i do n't want supremacy . 
  i do n't pride on what my country did on the past . 
  i want a europe which is strong not to benefit ourselves alone , but to stand up for everyone else in the world , and that mean making calls for what we think is right and not only for what we think is good for us . 
  i do n't think europe is ready to do it , and neither is the eu . 
  we are not superior to the americans and look what power have done to them . 
  do n't count me in that ambition of yours to `` regain supremacy '' , we are seeing where those kind of enterprises end . 
  it recalls me to this the story of jack tueller : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvt3cmlzr_k not because of the same ending , but because the message is the same . 
  now , this is something i can get behind !, 
  so many nice moments . 
  i wish people could simply be able to confess to feel lonely , even if you are a `` tough guy '' . 
  i know . 
  i have some friends who have just started their phd there and have been screaming and running in circles the whole day . 
  i was very lucky and decided to not move to culham , otherwise that would be my case too . 
  well , pretty bad in both youth and general unemployment , yes . 
  jet is financed by euratom through eurofusion . 
  so it does n't matter of which it is part , if it does n't get money , it is not going to operate . 
  jet is one of the most important experiments of fusion in the world and it is financed by euratom and eurofusion . 
  not at all . 
  anti gmo and anti vaxx movements are completely different things , even if some people would be a part of both . 
  how do industry and job opportunities are created , then ? 
  if you can not see why andalusia would trade less with the rest of europe than , let 's say , catalonia , you should open a map and check the distance of huelva and barcelona to the french border . 
  why would a ship coming from china stop in cadiz , then move all the goods to france in a 1000 + km trip when you can simply download them in barcelona and take a fraction of it ? 
  andalusia trades with the eu with goods that can not be obtained , or not as easily , in the north of spain , such as vegetable products . 
  the only anomaly is madrid , and just because it is the capital city , thus many companies have their hq located there . 
  this is a part of the gravitational theory of trading and can be seen through history in all countries . 
  i never mentioned where it was started , but only where it gained track . 
  as an example , hayek was a british economist but his policies found support in the chicago school of economics instead of cambridge , where keynes was the most prominent figure in the topic . 
  you can see that the uk is actually very light , despite being the origin of it . 
  as for france , and correct me if i am wrong , please , a lot of people can disagree with the statement but they still vaccinate everyone so there is no anti-vaxx movement , because they still consider that the benefits outweigh the disadvantages . 
  well , now that is a eu i can root for . 
  count me in . 
  thank goodness the stupid anti-vaxx movement did n't catch much track here . 
  many factors but the most important is probably geographical location ; the same reason as why portugal is generally poorer that some parts of spain ( basque country , madrid or catalonia ) but of equal development of the parts which are closer to it ( galizia , extremadura , andalusia ) . 
  it is all about trade . 
  the north of spain is closer to europe , the south of spain is closer to africa . 
  the trade with europe is way more important in spain than the trade with africa . 
  as a historical example , andalusia was one of the richest in spain when all commerce to america was handled through its coasts . 
  the decline of andalusia came with the decline of trade with africa and america . 
  that recalls me to snow white 's evil queen . 
  he has great words , the best words . 
  they are * yuge * !, 
  leavers insulting eu citizens too . 
  you need two to dance . 
  probably the best argument in favor of the eu ever done . 
  first of all , my comment was a critic to treating human beings as mere numbers , like if helping them could be only considered if we also gain money . 
  now , about your comment :  bombs exploding i will assume that you mean people killed by islamic terrorists . 
  victims of terrorist attacks will always have my support , and that is why i support helping refugees , either abroad or here in europe . 
  these people live through that every single day of their lives . 
  out of 2 million refugees , how many attackers ? 
  most attackers were locals and had passport , so a ban on refugees would have done exactly nothing to prevent most of the attacks .
