  as lord parmelston said about uk : `` we have no permanent allies and no permanent enemies . 
  we only have permanent interests '' . 
  the first thing that came to my mind are the siblings of ender , but mixed in one single person . 
  he is clearly insane . 
  as you said , i do n't think he belongs in a jail but a mental institution , where he can find the help he needs . 
  many spaniards would rather shoot themselves in the feet directly than relying on countries like the uk for defense . 
  there has been strong discrepancies among eu countries about foreign affairs and how to deal with them . 
  going back in time , we see different responses to syria , to iraq or afghanistan . 
  but even more . 
  only 20 years ago , uk and ireland supported a foreign power ( canada ) during its piracy act of capturing an spanish vessel in international waters and taking the crew as hostages . 
  it may sound like something superfluous , but the eu was backing spain and france ( france retained a canadian-flagged vessel in their coast , and happened to be a british one which switched flags to show support ) and canada even handled a declaration of war to the spanish ambassador , which never took effect , gladly . 
  it may sound like 20 years was a long time ago . 
  but it is a very vivid moment in the collective memory . 
  just like nobody in the nato is obligated to defend ceuta or melilla if they are attacked . 
  or lets just imagine , for example , that the vessels of some member of the eu are taken as hostages by another nation in an act declared by the eu as piracy and two of the members would like to help the pirates , after the aforesaid nation almost declared war on the the member of the eu . 
  i know it sounds [ crazy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turbot_war ) but it could happen . 
  exactly . 
  in any case , we should be worry about english taking over our own languages . 
  being worried about english `` disappearing '' is just . . 
  do you understand that it was only a witty comment and not a real argument ? 
  of course the english people is not in danger of disappear . 
  that is just fear-mongering that too much people around here seem to profess . 
  i was just trying to point out how ridiculous it is to say that you are becoming a minority and , at the same time , speak about `` the majority '' . 
  it is an oxymoron . 
  either you become a minority or you are a majority , you can not be both . 
  believing that english is going to disappear somehow from uk is just the most stupid fearmongering i have heard in years . 
  english is more spread than ever , it is not at risk of anything . 
   people fear that the migrans will spur out of control and will try to pull off similar thing to those german muslim citizens , who tried to enforce sharia law . 
  you are clearly giving your opinion here , because it is not true that german muslims try to enforce sharia law . 
  if you were reporting what other people 's think , you would say that they believe that muslims are trying to enforce the sharia law not that the muslims are enforcing the sharia law . 
  the difference between what they believe it is happening and what is really happening . 
  i do n't know . 
  the other redditor was worried because `` true english '' are shrinking in size , thus their `` overwhelming majority '' is going to be smaller in comparison , is n't it ? 
  in other words , if you have to choose saudi arabia as your comparison , because any other comparison would shame you , you are doing something very , very poorly . 
  next step , the spanish pm saying that the gag law is not that bad , because in north korea people have it worse . 
  because , who would like to come back to poland , when you have to share the country with people like the these in the pictures ? 
  there have been a lot of engineers as well as a lot of plumbers and construction workers . 
  except when they mass immigrate , i guess . 
  polish is the second most numerous nationality in the uk nowadays and polish language is the second most spoken . 
  so they are sane because they oppose to mass immigration , but then they do exactly that . 
  it is rather confusing . 
  i can totally see in a pair of decades from now a neo-nazi party which replaces jews with muslims as the enemy that is destroying europe and trying to enslave its people . 
  there are many currently , but i mean some getting very big in a big country . 
  i live in a suburb in munich with a lot of muslims . 
  are they forcing the sharia law ?!, 
  thanks goodness they do n't see me buying jam\u00f3n serrano , i think that eating pork are a lot of lashes !, 
  thank you for the alarm . 
  i hope that i am not living in one of those no-go zones that fox news was speaking about . 
  oh , the irony . 
  what type of change exactly ? 
  the prohibition to have a mother language other than english or another european language ? 
  because op said that if they spoke french or gaelic , s/he would n't mind . 
  it is the fact that they speak urdu or chinese what is worrisome . 
  so , what is exactly what the government should promise ? 
  an special police to patrol the streets with some weird stuff to heard inside the houses in order to detect `` non-approved languages '' ? 
  the people who were there before the romans arrived , such as the iberians in the iberian peninsula . 
  that is why the other redditor said that other cultures add much better food . 
  because racism . 
  that is why . 
  gaelic and french are white , cool european languages . 
  urdu and mandarin are some foreigner weird shit . 
  do you mean an ever shrinking `` overwhelming majority of english people '' . 
  specially because kids are able to learn a language to a quite good level within months . 
  if they have the means to do it , of course . 
  i was just naming a few that i though at the moment , not doing an extensive list . 
  however , let 's play the game and say that those only countries are pro quotas . 
  they represent approx . 
  340 million citizens out of 505 million eu citizens . 
  and speaking about economy , the percentage is even bigger . 
  so , yeah , they seem the be only a few countries , but are the big ones . 
  that is against ... what ? 
  hungary , poland , ... denmark ? 
  i have n't seen many countries speaking clearly against the quota , as direct as i have seen countries positioning for the quota . 
  tldr : hungary and cia can cry as much as they want . 
  they will eat their ration of refugees either they like it or not . 
  because this is how the eu works . 
  it is how the eu worked in previous crisis and this is how the eu will work in the following ones . 
  i follow people like principamarsupia on twitter and the photos they make and post show harshness towards migrants . 
  i do n't understand what are they trying to refute with this . 
  germany has been leading the `` pro-refugees '' side for long time . 
  austria has only positioned so strongly , because germany did . 
  i am speaking about the attitude . 
  before people like the though guys unwilling to negotiate anything , and now they do n't . 
  i do n't want to discuss again the greek crisis , i just had such thought crossing my mind before : how people perceive the same tactic as good or bad , depending on if it is against or with them . 
  i am for one enjoying a lot how people is crying now about big bad germany shoving the refugees in their throats . 
  where did i say that ? 
  if i ever said that , it is , of course , a tremendous mistake by my side . 
  i do n't remember the same , to be honest . 
  there was a bunch of countries who wanted to put new terms over the desk , such as france , and others that did n't like finland ( and germany ) . 
  and that is speaking about governments at the time . 
  in spain , many people wanted to give greece a relieve , even if it cost us money . 
  in this case , there a lot of countries who are openly pro-refugees . 
  so i do n't understand where you take your `` a minority '' . 
  even spain has accepted the quota before knowing the number . 
  france , italy , greece , spain , germany , austria , sweden , even the uk is going to accept more refugees now . 
  against , basically , some of the east european countries . 
  the german government is not used to negotiate , but to impose . 
  before you liked , now you do n't , but the attitude , which is what i was speaking about , is the same : this is the way , and we are doing it , either you like it or not , no discussion about . 
  at the end , i am not trying to compare both situations , but rather how people liked back then the `` tough ways '' of no negotiation whatsoever and use the power of the eu to impose and now , they are `` victims '' of the very same attitude . 
  you are somehow implying that i am against catalonia to vote , and i am not .
