  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo_-kobibg0 i like this version . 
  also , the lyric is amazing , and it does n't speak about killing people or pouring blood nor it uses anachronismus . 
  that was the official lyric during the dictatorship , not any longer . 
  franco brought it back from the period before the second republic , which anthem was `` himno del riego '' . 
  it has no official lyric . 
  in any situation . 
  that lyric , which was linked by / u/shroomun was the official one during the dictatorship . 
  follow our example and get rid off the lyric :d, 
  not an european country , but the anthem of the eu is a piece of art . 
  written by schiller and music by beethoven . 
  deal with it . 
  then , the soviet anthem was amazing . 
  now the federation is using a similiar one , which is very nice too . 
  in my very personal and influenced manner , i like the spanish anthem . 
  it is not the best in some aspects , but i really like the fect that it does n't have an official lyric , therefore you do n't have to chant about killing the enemies , the blood which will cover the meadows , etc. 
  well , i hope you are joking , because that is completely wrong . 
  since i have family in catalonia and i have been there a bunch of times i know what they show you in the tv , but it is not even close to the real street people 's feeling . 
  seriously , you have a problem . 
  when did i say that nowadays germany does not use fossil fuels ? 
  please , enlight me . 
   and to say fussion research is not funded as it should be is an uderstatement , again , you and your problems of comprehension . 
  i am saying that the iter is the third most expensive experiment in the whole fucking history . 
  could you please tell me where do i say it is not founded ? 
  please , enlight me again . 
  what i say is that the usa alone spent twice the money in less than a decade for developing the nuclear bomb ( which lead then to the actual fission energy ) than the amount spent by whole developed world to create an endless source of completely clean energy in far more than a decade , which makes the `` effort '' of the usa even tougher in comparison with the `` effort '' we are putting right now . 
  priorities . 
  so when people complain about how expensive iter is , and it is , i just like to remember how expensive was to develop the current fission energy , a reminiscence of the manhattan project ( not even close to be the main goal ) or the explosion engine , which development has been happening for many years with a lot of money . 
  we ca n't just say `` let 's put the same money in the development of the fossil fuels and in the green sources , and let 's hope the green sources catch up ! '' . 
  this is not going to happen , for the historical gap has to be skipped . 
  i am saying that if there were a real effort in the development of those clean energies , 10 years ago we would have the same technology that we have today . 
  if we do n't have them is because we prefer to keep using fossil fuels , carbon and nuclear energy . 
  so i am all in to eradicate all those three groups to make mandatory the development of the clean sources . 
  as you said ,  plain and simple . 
  p.s : if it is not clear enought , the demagogy comment was due to the fact that you are complaining about how other people makes fission energy the devil by using childish , fallacious comments about how they are fanatics and have no idea . 
   in france there are far more nuclear incidents and no one cares about them . 
  maybe it is a problem with the frenchs , not with the germans . 
   we should keep mining coal , wage wars over oil fields and burn shit to make clean energy . 
  you complain other people for feeling superior in a moral fashion and you use straight demagogy to argument against it . 
  there is not such a dicotomy between nuclear energy and coal/fossil . 
  you have a bunch of other possibilities and if we wanted , for example the whole world of green sources , they would have been completely developed 10 years ago with enought efficiency to cover the whole demand of europe . 
  how much do you think that costed to develop the current explosion enignee ? 
  not only the green sources , like solar , wind or tides but also the fusion one . 
  people complain how expensive iter is , but a single country spent twice as much in the manhattan project , twice as much as the whole world for a unlimited , clean source of energy . 
  so one country spend twice in developing a nuclear weapon than the whole world to solve the global problem of the energy . 
  priorities . 
  plain demagogy . 
  americans are not stupid . 
  some of them believes in the fallacious arguments just as most of the europeans . 
  why do you think we have seen the arise of the far-wing parties in europe ? 
  of course the government and the agencies try to put focus in europe , for it would draw away the attention from them , but your generalization is plain awful . 
  hello . 
  china is coming . 
  they are telling me that the bubble of their stock market is increasing sot fast that [ they have consumed in three years more concrete than the usa in a whole century . ], 
  ( http://cdn2.gurusblog.com/jordi/wp/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/china-consumo-de-cemento.png ), 
  except for the ecb is the only bank which can control the euro and spain , and so other countries which debt was being attacked needed the ecb to allow a little increment in the inflation . 
  yes , if i poison you and i hold the only antidote and ask you to do something is not like i am ordering you , because i do n't have that power . . 
  but you better do it . 
  the semi-bail out that spain performed gave the money directly to the banks . 
  mainly because other european banks needed the spanish bank to pay debt or they would have to declare holes in their account . 
  the deutsche bank has an exposure ( non covered actives ) 20 times bigger than the gdp of germany and 8 times bigger than the gdp of the whole eu . 
  the same amount that the gdp of the whole world . 
  basically , spain had to transform private debt into public debt to save the deutsche bank ( and so other banks ) and the order came from the eu , for it was planned that way : spain makes serious sacrifices itself to save the deutsche bank and the eu does n't let spain to die , via bail-out money coming from the ecb . 
  i just wanted to say that the spanish public debt was n't high , as the video seems to say . 
  actually was one of the lowest . 
  that is why it does n't matter how many austerity policies spain takes , the system was n't as big as in other countries . 
  germany was able to perform a cut-off in their welfare system because it was oversized , mainly due to duplicities which arose due to the split of germany . 
  none expert in germany thinks that the austerity is going to solve any problem in spain , because there is no fat to trim in the public services the eu is aiming . 
  there are other services which could be easily erased , but they affect the whole eu . 
  for example , spain should have left its bank to go bankruptcy and then use the stock market to recover as much losses as possible . 
  this would have kept the public debt in the low level , even tho many families would have problems , one could increase the public spending to help them . 
  the increment of the public debt would have been way lower that it was after the bail-out . 
  the main problem is , again , the whole world would sink if the deutsche bank fails , even spain . 
  i find that it is not fair to equalize different countries just because they are in crisis . 
  every country is a different situation and the video oversimplifies , in my opinion , and provides fallacious arguments if the idea of the video is applied wrongly ( either with the will of misuse them or not ) . 
  i ca n't speak about other countries because i only know the situation of spain and germany , for i have lived only in those two countries . 
  i would say that people does n't know the amount of people who dissappear during the dictatorship , not the war . 
  200.000 people were given the walk and their corpses are in an unknown place . 
  not counting the amount of executed , tortured and jailed , neither the ones whose body was found . 
  spaniards tend to think that it was something not so common . 
  it is not absurd . 
  nowadays it seems something crazy but the criteria changes with the time and according to the socioeconomic situation . 
  before the fatter the prettier for only the richest would be fat . 
  now it is the opposite . 
  in the colonial time , bearing a mustache was a symbol of your position , because the natives would n't be able to grow one . 
  exactly the same than being fat in that time . 
  well , during the colonial time , the portuguese , as most of the people of most of the european countries , believed they were a superior race with respect of the colonized ones . 
  i saw it in a documentary so i do n't have now a source for it in the internet . 
  seriously ?? 
  whenever i go to ikea to find a fucking desk i come back with a whole bunch of useless furniture with names i wo n't be able to remember . 
  worst than any casino . 
  why would you eliminate germany ?!, 
  germany is a wonderful country . 
  it is a joke . 
  i think it started with the ( joke ) fact of not being able to say something wonderful about portugal `` well . . they have wonderful towels ! '' . 
  anyway i think that portugal is a good neighbor . 
  p \u00b7 s : we also make jokes of your ladies having a mustache but . . but that is true . 
  during the past century , portuguese women used to have mustache because it was seeing as a mark of `` pure race '' , in opposition to the immigrants and the colonized countries . 
  nowadays it is of course not true anymore ( maybe except for a pair of cases ) but the image still remains . 
  do not take this topic very serious . 
  it is a joke because the usa and uk for some reason do n't like france too much .
