  in other situations , people say that when you do n't vote you are helping the two main parties . 
  could you explain this straightforward mathematical fact ? 
  right wing answer : `` le pen is an extremist and her party have plenty of self proclaimed fascists . 
  she is probably going to destroy the economy . 
  but those damn leftist ... 
  anything other than the leftists ! '' . 
  just like with plenty of trump supporters , that respond to the concern that he is going to damage the country with `` it is worth just for the libtard tears ! '' . 
  the djinn said to the man that he will concede him a wish , but his worst enemy will receive it twice . 
  so the man asked to lose an eye . 
  he did n't won , because `` his '' spain is no longer , and rightfully so . 
  he wanted a continuation of his regime and we got a democracy instead . 
  history is what it is , even when it is tragic and unjust . 
  i do n't want to change history , i want to remember it . 
  i want that everybody that visits that place knows what that man and his regime did to our land and i want everybody to recall it with the same level of detail that people know about the nazi regime . 
  i want to transform their ultimate symbol into a symbol of those who were among the first to oppose fascism in europe . 
  and that is why his rests must go out . 
  because until he is gone , the message that we are sending is the wrong message . 
  as i said in my original post , what a national shame . 
  which is what i am talking . 
  people go there because of the symbolism of auschwitz as a the epitome of the horror that the nazis unleashed , not to praise the nazis . 
  it is a way to speak . 
  i meant to make it a remembrance place for his victims , not him . 
  the final minutes are a perfect summary with one of the problems with that kind of people : they request respect , yet , she not only spoke ~ 5 more minutes than macron during the debate , but she can not be bothered for almost another minute after the moderator tells her that she has run out of time for her exposition . 
  and , of course , she starts by interrupting macron again . 
  over the years , i realized that just looking at the front page there are some countries that are over represented and some countries that are under represented , and that has to do mostly with the demographics of the sub and in reddit in general . 
  i guess it is something inevitable and , if you did n't know much about europe , it is a good start . 
  at the end , i do n't think there is a single place that summarize europe demographic , because the same problem can be found anywhere else . 
  make it the `` auschwitz '' of spain : a place where history is explained so revisionist can not rewrite it . 
  at the end , the place was constructed using republican prisoners who worked until they died . 
  it seems fitting that at least their work is used to remember their fate and outcast their torturers and murderers . 
  cool . 
  take the body of franco out , put his victims in and the monument can stay . 
  except auschwitz being a place testifying the horrors of what happened there , not exalting them . 
  few things about spain make my blood boil like knowing that such bastard has a resting place like that , constructed with slaves and celebrating one of the darkest times in spanish history , while we still have thousands upon thousands of people who were assassinated by his regime in unidentified mass graves or in the sides of the roads . 
  and still , some people dare to say that doing something to change that situation is to `` open wounds instead of healing them '' . 
  how is a festering wound supposed to heal if you do not clean it first ? 
  the only resting place he deserves is the side of a road or an unknown mass grave and his victims should be placed in this monument . 
  then we could start to talk about moving on . 
  either he is corrupt too or he is incompetent . 
  or a linear combination of both . 
  he is corrupt , or at the very least , he had no problems with letting corruption infiltrate even his inner political circle . 
  so , at worst , he has being a corrupted politician for years and at best he is simply clueless and incompetent . 
  what a national shame . 
  sometimes , political opinions have to be taken personally , because they are an attack towards you or people like you . 
  am i supposed to be respectful towards someone that suggest that i , for whatever reason , do n't deserve the respect of a human ? 
  what is supposed to be the `` respectful way '' when answering people like trump , when he suggested that most mexicans are rapist ? 
  is there even a way to make that kind of comments in a respectful way ? 
  because even if you do not yell or call other people retarded , you are still attacking personally someone . 
  being respectful is more than the speaking tone or the lack of common insults : it begins with the content of what one is saying . 
  both . 
  sometimes discussing in reddit feels like being macron in the gif . 
  i 'll admit that i have probably caused the same effect on other people . 
  because he himself said that , that tsipras asked for his resignation letter , because they other economy ministers asked that as a requirement for further negotiations . 
  varoufakis said that he proposed to not accept the deal , as the referendum result was no and leave the euro if necessary , but a large part of the party disagreed , thus he had to leave to accept the deal . 
  tsipras confirmed that the other ministers refused to further negotiations and even sch\u00e4uble has hinted it many times in interviews . 
  at the end , he was just a minister . 
  tsipras is the one doing the final calls . 
   i had met mr. mackenzie a week earlier to ask about those headlines . 
  `` your front pages were sometimes funny and sometimes outrageous , '' i began , at which point he interrupted and said , `` and sometimes untrue ! '' [ ... ]  `` i think the fake news headline that would give this country the most joy , '' he replied cheerfully , `` would be ` jeremy corbyn knifed to death by an asylum seeker . ' '' wow . 
  what a fucking psychopath . 
  yes , but just like pizzagate , there are people in this sub that really want to believe stupid conspiratory theories . 
  since we have had quite a few posts `` hinting '' such link , with hundreds of comments , i think it is only fair to publish the truth as many times as required , so that stupid lie will finally did out . 
  it is alt right to push conspiracies linking ngo with human trafficking with no proofs whatsoever . 
  and your comment is the equivalent to `` is it alt right to worry about the children ? '', 
  answering criticism about pizzagate . 
  i never said you were wrong , i am just trying to understand your point . 
  i have provided the data myself , so it is not like i am trying to hide it or something . 
  your last comment is mixing two different things , and i do n't understand why you did it , if it was on purpose or what is n't the point . 
  i still do n't see why the article is misleading , since , as i said , the majority of the people are women , therefore there are more people under the umbrella of the female life expectancy than the male one . 
  i can only understand your comment if you were implying that men statistics are more important , with which i do not agree . 
  why would putting both together would be misleading ? 
  women are the majority of people , so i would expect that their contribution to the average is more significant . 
  the cia data that i mentioned puts the male life expectancy to 77.5 and the average of both sexes is 79.8 . https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/fields/2102.html edit : are we reading the same table ? 
  the cia data in the wiki article mention the average of both sexes to be 78.37 , while the number that you mentioned of 80.9 is the one of female life expectancy . 
  you are mixing two things . 
  spain , switzerland , greece , etc have a higher life expectancy in the link that you have provided , in the most recent table . 
  us is ranked 33 for females and 32 for males . 
  do you mean the average of the eu ? 
  because there is no need for extra map , when in the one in the article is pretty clear the division west-east . 
  anyway , bear in mind that the cia data you are quoting is from 2012 . 
  i would trust more the most recent one , but i am too lazy to make the average by myself . 
  edit : i checked the cia factbook for 2016 , out of curiosity , and it seems that the numbers of the article coincide the averages are : both sexes is us 79.8 , eu 80.2 males us 77.5 , eu 77.4 it says `` 2016 est. '', 
  only to the side of the female averages , so i would assume that all the data is from 2016 , but i am not sure if i am reading it correctly . 
  massive cornea detachment induced blindness ? 
  those bastards . 
  yeah , how dare the left to not agree in privatize things like health care ? 
  there is no going back to the eec . 
  if the eu dissolves , groups of countries will bundle together but with the fallout of the eu on top of the current euro-skepticism , i highly doubt countries ( the population ) are going to be wiling to join again at least in a few decades . 
  there are wars that are brought upon you and for which you do not have a say . 
  these wars should be fought . 
  sometimes , there is a right thing to do . 
  i am not against a military intervention to stop a war . 
  i sadly do n't know enough about the topic to make an exhaustive answer , but i am in favor of the idea of the un peacekeeper forces being deployed to stop a massacre or a genocide . 
  however , too many wars and attacks have been justified as `` necessary '' for `` defense '' . 
  i am very skeptical whenever someone uses those terms to justify a war . 
  almost always is a game of power , in which civilians will die and nobody will care . 
  i understood his comment in a different way , but i agree with you in that this is how war is advertised . 
  i am sorry for you . 
  how can people play with the idea of war , when this is the result , is beyond my understanding . 
  euro ! = europe either .
