  if people want to keep violating those rights , fine , but at least they could have the decency to shut up and do n't claim that they are not transgressing them . 
   ( reasonable safety under the circumstances , not total safety ) that is an addition you have made , just because you want it to be this way . 
  but as you can read from the rest of the declaration , they are entitled to the same safety as anyone else in the country . 
  if the camps are proven to be more unsafe than it would be for them to be outside , then their right is clearly being violated . 
  by the way , i like how you cherry pick the articles you want and forget to comment about others . 
  what about the right of work , article 23 ? 
  what is your comment about it ? 
  if they are already in germany , they have the right to work , yes . 
  p.s : every eu citizen have the exact same rights than the local population . 
  countries are trying to change it as they will , but it is against the very core of the eu law . 
  i do not disregard my ancestors . 
  i am thankful that some of they did the correct thing and i am enjoying the results . 
  however , from being thankful to attribute myself the achievements of my ancestors , i think there is a big gap in between . 
  the same goes for the bad things . 
  i am thankful that americans came here to fight nazi germany decades ago . 
  but only those who were involved in that war are to blame or to praise for their actions . 
  a list of articles i consider that are not fulfilled . 
  http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/index.shtml  article 3   everyone has the right to life , liberty and security of person . 
  they do not have liberty , since they are restricted to the camps . 
  additionally , the camps are very unsafe , since the lack of resources are generating a lot of violence , from which they can not scape , since they are restricted to the camps . 
   article 5   no one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment . 
  the way the refugees are treated , like animals ( for example , in that video of the hungarian police officers throwing some breads instead of handling it to the hungry people , like if they were in a zoo ) , is sounds very `` degrading treatment '' for me . 
   article 7   all are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law . 
  all are entitled to equal protection against any discrimination in violation of this declaration and against any incitement to such discrimination . 
  except for those in turkey , who live in a juridical limbo and , therefore , are not equal before the law . 
   article 23   ( 1 ) everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment . 
  it could n't be a clearer violation of this right , since the turkish government itself has said that refugees do not have the right to work in turkey . 
   article 25   ( 1 ) everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services , and the right to security in the event of unemployment , sickness , disability , widowhood , old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control . 
  circumstances beyond his control like a civil war . 
  numerous ngo are denouncing that in refugee camps in turkey they are lacking or do n't have sufficient of , basically , every item listed above . 
  they are basically locked down , with no judicial safety nor permission to work to provide their own self-sustain , because the turkish government says so . 
  they do n't have , for example , the right to work , which is a human right . 
  for us , yes , it just fell from the sky . 
  we found europe here , we did n't create it . 
  when people go to mars and colonize it , they can say that their society was created by themselves through hard work . 
  nobody else can say the same , because anyone else just found their society when they were born . 
  they did n't create the opportunities that were given to them , but only received the existent within the conditions of their environment . 
   no you are not your ancestors but you benefit from their sacrifices and hard work . 
  and , therefore , i said that orban 's statement of `` we have worked harder '' is stupid . 
  we do n't live better because we work harder , but because we were lucky to be born in europe . 
  there is no `` personal achievement '' in any of that , just luck . 
  you are not obligated to improve their living conditions , but you are obligated to preserve their human rights , among which one can find some that are being currently violated . 
  yes , and i love it . 
  on tuesday , the second day of the week , they give us cake in the cafeteria , where we eat . 
   point taken . 
  i see now that the word `` refugee '' is up for grabs . 
  you are the one who use refugee with your own definition . 
  i use the un definition of refugee . 
  if he wants to play the game of re-tagging people so they are no longer our problem , how is that my fault for calling him out ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  he would love that those people were not refugees , but they are . 
  it does n't matter how he call them or how much he twists the rhetoric to strip that status from them . 
  i am not my ancestors . 
  i am myself . 
  and , as far as i can tell , most people just live their lives within the conditions they are given . 
  therefore , they live well because they have been born here . 
  our cheese is smelly , but at least we notice when we have n't removed the plastic coverage . 
  well , that is not so easy . 
  we have had in spain some of those before the muslims came back . 
  if he is violating other people 's basic right , it does n't matter how supported he is , it is not a democracy , but a dictatorship of the majority . 
  no , they are called basic rights ( either via constitution or directly from the udhr ) and they are both inalienable and undeniable . 
  freedom of press is one of them . 
  a democracy in which those basic rights are not respected no matter what is not a democracy , but a dictatorship of the majority , which is very different . 
   that said he has changed laws to suit his party specifically and he has talked about illiberal governance . 
  so the point of the other redditor stands , does n't it ? 
  your basic logic is not very `` basic '' , understood as universal , and even less logical . 
  refugees in turkey , for example , are confined in areas , in a legal limbo where they are allowed to stay but not to work . 
  they barely have any basic service that they need . 
  they are away from war , but their conditions are inhumane . 
  people do not lose their refugee status just because it would be convenient for you . 
  actually , according to the international law , the refugees have the legal right to not face prosecution or deportation to the place from where they fled away as a consequence of entering illegally in another country . 
  so , even if they enter illegally , they are refugees . 
  no , i do n't . 
  nobody asked me if i wanted to be born in europe , and i guess that nobody was asked either . 
  we have been born and raised in a continent full of opportunities . 
  believing that it is somehow something we have achieved through hard work is pure demagogy . 
  if we had been born in any other part of the planet , we would be exactly like the people in that part of the planet . 
   so if you do n't want to rely on others for defense you need to provide your own , seems pretty obvious to me . 
  we already do it ? 
  i think you do n't understand the subtle ( not so subtle , actually ) difference between having allies and collaborate with them , and surrendering the control over your army and the defense of your country to foreigners who , at some point , may have a different interest . 
  why should we spend more money on the army ? 
  did you know that ceuta and melilla are not protected by the otan or the eu ? 
  if they were attacked , spain alone were to defend them . 
  but , who is going to attack them ? 
  do n't we have enough army with enough technology to prevent morocco from doing anything ? 
  in the case of canada , having a bigger army would have made any difference ? 
  you are mixing to points : in this thread , people is speaking about creating a new eu army instead of the current national armies , not to spend more money in those armies . 
  the european countries are not prepared to have a joined army , when we can not even trust each others . 
  it would be madness . 
  so ... what ? 
  i did n't say we need a bigger army . 
  actually , spaniards dislike the army for historical reasons . 
  what i am saying is that we have had enough of the uk always in the middle , like an stick between the wheels , to give them power over our defense . 
  - canada has taken a boat as hostage . 
  we have to send help . 
  - we like canada , so we veto it . 
  yeah ... no , thank you . 
  it is not like i do n't like british people , because i do ( except the most of the tourist , but whatever ) . 
  we can agree to do things and collaborate a lot , we even invaded countries together ( thankfully , we took that bastard away and pull out as soon as possible ) . 
  but to trust your defense on a foreign country which so often has completely different objectives than you and more often than not is in the other side , is madness .
