  europe is a shell of its former potential . 
   but rather than assume that it has something to do with greek people ( as if it 's built into the dna ) perhaps we should be looking at it as a symptom of a much larger problem . 
  yes , but that is more complicate and requires large , boring walls of text to explain . 
  let us have it easy , man !, 
  some of your ancestors were literally raped and killed by your ancestors . 
  mine never left castilla . 
  all of that besides the fact we are speaking about centuries ago , whereas the coups organized by the cia are from the last half of the past century , which is a difference . 
  but , anyway , you have taken my comment as the opposite that it was . 
  i am not unhappy that former colonies are doing great . 
  i am actually happy because i know a lot of people there , and a lot of people who migrated to those countries . 
  i just do n't feel that i should try to share part of that `` success '' as if my country did any well to them , as you did . 
  you can twist it as much as you want to fit your rhetoric , i will just stop this conversation here , because it is meaningless at this point . 
  have a nice day . 
  yeah , i guess i thought there would be no need to explain that it is a joke . 
   should i presume that because you are european that you support colonialism , racism and imperialism ? 
  no , i would not go `` yay , ex-colonies stronk ! '', 
  when it is clear that some of them are so screwed precisely because of european powers . 
  i would say that some of the ex-colonies are doing well despite the european powers . 
  precisely because i would call out another fellow european , i call you out . 
  yeah , but in this case , you do n't get to share the pride of it , for it was the usa the main reason that some countries had brutal dictatorships that lead them to stale for decades . 
  i would say that latin america is raising , despite the usa . 
   when going to developing nations ( spain and latin america ) it is a strange way to express yourself so people have to understand that only the last item of a copulative list is the only one which have a certain characteristics . 
  i see why you would have used that phrase , but in my opinion , it is prone to misinterpretation . 
  i only get to understand what you meant after further comments . 
  that is why other countries with higher taxation rates have lower unemployment . 
  it checks out . 
  that statement could also be read as `` we are not counting a colombian who came back to colombia after staying in spain for 3 years '' , the additional `` we are not counting an ex-colombian who came back to colombia after staying in spain for 3 years '' i can not find it into the text . 
  i would also be interested to know who did they discriminated the cases . 
  i do n't like when the methods are hidden , because i was taught that statistics is just a very sophisticated way to lie . 
  i know some fellow countrymen who have traveled towards latin america because the situation of employment is so much better than in spain in some cases . 
  there , they are looking for engineers and doctors , and they are starting to pay relatively well . 
  additionally , the language is not a barrier , except for brazil . 
  a lot of entrepreneur are moving there too , because the markets are getting bigger , which means more and more opportunities to create a new enterprise . 
  i do n't find it necessarily bad . 
  i think that spain should have had more ties with latin america , and maybe the immigrants are the link for more relations in the future . 
  p.s : it of course depends on the country . 
  latin america is very big . 
  just for your information , if you asked a spaniard about flandes , probably that person would not know what are you talking about or will know that it is a place in which you are supposed to stick your spear to be successful . 
  best karate tournament ever , eh dutchies ? 
   football i think there is your reason to the question `` why ? '' . 
  also , we hate each other more than anyone else and more than anyone else can hate us . 
  so i think we disqualified ourselves . 
  netherlands ? 
  those [ censored ] who play karate instead of football ? 
  yeah , no . 
  and we still remember what happened in flandes , you traitors . 
  while i do agree that portuguese people are amazing , i do n't think you can label your friend as * source * . 
  the country that shares the least amount of frontiers , such as portugal or ireland . 
  and definitively , not the uk . 
  i think spanish people like portuguese people a lot . 
  however , the other day i learnt that they hate us , which makes me feel sad . 
  they have some amazing towels !, 
  could you put an example ? 
  just for curiosity :d, 
   the border is locked and will never change again , ... , 
  i said that . 
   growing it for selling is illegal growing it for self-consumption is legal . 
  basically , it has been the national sport since centuries !, 
  there is even a poem related with it !, 
  by listening a man it is easy to know where he saw the light of the sun ; if he praises england , he is english , if he speaks badly of prussia , he is french , and if he speaks badly about spain , he is spanish . 
  i honestly thing that a sexist slur is not to be used to speak about the work of a woman , with independence of how despicable it is ( which i do n't know ) . 
  she is useless , ignorant , an empty-head , you name it . 
  slut is not ok at all . 
  if it is anything similar to spain in the weed aspect , you wo n't be jailed if you carry only for self-consumption , because that is legal . 
  however , selling or growing it for selling is illegal , and as far as i know , the same in portugal . 
  drug dealing is illegal , consumption is not . 
  the difference with portugal , is that in portugal it is the same scheme for all drugs , not only weed . 
  edit : to put it clearer . 
  growing for self-consumption is legal in spain too . 
  i said that growing for selling is illegal . 
  who would have guessed ? 
  instead of ruining definitively the life of a person who is already in a hole , you help them to reintegrate into the society . 
  it sounds so crazy that it could work . 
  in a serious note , i think that my neighbors have had a good idea with this , and we should all try to implement it , because it is working . 
  the box . 
   i 've not defended it . 
  then , what does it mean this quite of yours . 
   if people did n't want to read it , then it would n't get +600 upvotes . 
  it sounds to me like a defense of the system . 
   i made the suggestion that rather than moan you could just add a few words to your res filter and you wo n't be bothered again by this news . 
  i usually just skip the tenth news of the week . 
  not everyone knows so much about res and i certainly do n't know how to do what you suggested and i just skip it in the ol' fashion way . 
  even if i could filter any news about brexit , i would n't because i am interested in the topic , just not that interested that i have to know the color of the tie that farage was wearing on saturday . 
  this time i just felt like commenting about the issue i have noticed ( and has been commented in other threads by others ) , but somehow i managed to offend some people . 
   you 've gone off on a little rant of how the uk is like the usa and taking over this subreddit . 
  i never said that the uk is `` taking over '' the subreddit . 
  i said that british are majority in the subreddit as americans are majority in reddit and the lack of the ability to recognize that `` just voting '' sometimes does not work has caused problems in the past . 
  anyway , it is just a hollow discussion about a simple comment . 
  have a nice day and i am sorry if i offended anyone , because it was not my intention . 
  edit : of course americans are majority in the usa . 
  i wanted to mean in reddit . 
  it is 3:28 and i should go sleep . 
  i do n't know why you think it is so funny . 
  you basically are defending the same system that required a separation between / r/news and / r/worldnews . 
  reddit , according to alexa.com is basically usa+c anada , which account to more than 70 % of the user base and the biggest european user base is the uk , with about a 5 % . 
  in the rest of the continent , reddit is not so used . 
  that is the problem with the over representation of certain groups and why reddit looks like like it looks like . 
  the same reasoning `` if people upvote it , is because they want to read it ! '', 
  was used back then to have to separate / r/news from / r/worldnews . 
  instead of promoting a certain variety , / r/news is basically usa news , because , as i said , the majority of the users are from the usa and you do n't get to complain about it , because you could just not read it .
