  i think we are missing something . 
  i disagree . 
  a cold heart must still follow the laws of thermodynamics . 
  it can get very close to absolute zero but never reach it in a finite number of steps . 
  it is simply another case of perception of safety and not real safety . 
  sure , but not by law . 
  just because we all deem better to make everyone as happy as possible . 
  i do n't understand where is the problem , sorry . 
  if something is allowed for a heterosexual couple , it should be allowed for a homosexual couple . 
  allowed does n't mean biologically possible , but at least not against the law . 
  if in vitro is allowed , then it should be allowed for both . 
  the same with surrogacy , whether it is allowed or forbidden . 
  that being said , i still do n't understand what does it have to do with adoptions , how are those topics related or how it would open the door for anything . 
  the problem with surrogacy is that there is an argument to be made , the same with monetary compensation for donating organs , that people can be forced into doing because they need the money . 
  how is that anything related with adoption ? 
  does adoption by heterosexual couples pose the same ethical concerns ? 
  yes , indeed you can . 
  the `` jews '' are a bunch of normal people who want to live their lives and they are not an homogeneous group that can be labelled by the actions of a few members of such community . 
  are we really now condoning and rationalizing the attacks of neo-nazis to jews ? 
  `` we thought we hit rock bottom , then someone knocked from down below . '', 
  is nobody going to think of the children of the daily mail 's staff ? 
  besides , switzerland and norway have to comply with almost all eu regulations without any representation in the legislative body . 
  i am not sure if the brexiters would want a deal like that . 
  rights is one of those issues in which having `` just a few less '' is a few too many . 
  if it is such a `` non-issue '' for everyone , as the other redditor said , i do n't know why it takes so long to simply do the right thing . 
  it is one of those laws that should be passed on boring thursday , when there is no other thing to do . 
  edit : as for the rest of your comment , for me , yes . 
  it is one of those issues that is a deal breaker for me when it comes to politicians , because i simply do not trust people with such disregards for other 's rights . 
  it affects the lives of people , which can not be halted until the rest of the `` important stuff '' is sorted out . 
  i just do n't see the argument against not doing it because `` it is only the right of a minority '' . 
  that sounds awful . 
  i blame the terrible spanish educational system . 
  for me , a part of the population not having the same rights is a very issue , even if i am not a part of such group myself . 
  marriage in europe has very little to do with the christian tradition . 
  they both just share the name . 
  if we were truly going for the christian marriage , things like divorces or pre-marital sex would be forbidden . 
   but what the dickens does blocking adoption to same-sex marriage buy ? 
  what i have seen in reddit about this topic can only be described as a comments taken out of the twilight zone . 
  in summary : children need a man and a woman or else they will be dysfunctional ( if you do n't have a man as your father you wo n't know how to manual work [ i swear that more than one person has answered me this ] and if you do n't have a woman as your mother you wo n't know what kindness is ) . 
  some people also believe that they will impose their `` gayness '' to their children . 
  of course , for the full experience , add a few `` alt-terms '' , sprinkle a bit of `` heterosexual white race extermination '' , `` homosexuality and pedophilia are often related '' and do n't forget that what we do here or how we treat homosexuals does n't matter because in iran they are killed . 
  going to war ? 
  you are kidding . 
  that is my siesta time . 
  i agree . 
  but it was the british media ( with a few exceptions ) which took that phrase and put it in capital letters on the front page , as if those comments were very important and spain were about to declare war or something . 
  i get that it is just a tactic for the diplomats . 
  the government wants the population to get behind and creating `` the enemy '' helps to wave flags and rally over nothing , so they simply ask anyone which comments could fuel a bit the nationalism . 
  that is the reason behind the war-like language . 
  the problem is , as we can see in the us , that when you feed the fire , it reaches a point in which can not be controlled anymore . 
  yes , yes , but my dad can beat your dad !, 
  joining the social security is mandatory for all employees . 
  if you have a job in spain , you have to join the social security , even if it is `` just for statistics '' . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.seg-social.es/internet_1/estadistica/est/afiliacionaltatrabajadores/afiliacionesaltalaboral/afiliaci_n__ltimo_d_a_del_mes/afiliados__ltimo_d_a_del_mes_por_cc._aa._y_provincias_seg_n_reg_menes/223027 ) would be the most general one for feb 2017 , excluding non professional care takers ; and [ this ] ( http://www.seg-social.es/internet_1/estadistica/est/afiliacionaltatrabajadores/afiliacionesaltalaboral/afiliaci_n__ltimo_d_a_del_mes/cnpultimodia/223039 ) is the statistic for non professional care takers ( i only found the version with gender and age group , not by province ) edit : format . 
  it sounds to me like trying to make up the problem instead of solving it . 
  sure , poor people in germany are better off than poor people in other countries , but they are not in a good position either . 
  i guess that the pointing of germany is because of the mini-jobs and `` artificially '' low unemployment rate that it causes . 
  i , for one , think that the statistics of quality of jobs are as important as the unemployment rate to evaluate the evolution of the economy . 
  edit : minijobs also masks another problem : the low pensions of many elder people . 
  it is heart shattering to see old people looking for glasses in the trash cans or having a mini-job as cashier in a supermarket in the wealthiest country in europe . 
  ok , thank you for the clarification . 
  unemployed people who start to receive additional education while looking for a job are not counted as unemployed in many countries . 
  i do n't know the current situation in spain , if they are counted or not , but reading the statistics of the social security is still the safest way . 
  ok , thank you for the clarification . 
   the swedes have in finland . 
  swedish is official in finland because some finnish citizens are native swedish speakers . 
  just because they do not speak finnish as their mother language does n't mean that they are not finnish . 
  if the polish community has been in lithuania for centuries , as the other redditor said , it would be a problem by itself if they were not allowed to have the citizenship . 
  it does n't mean that lithuania should do what finland did , but do not put everything in the same bag , mixing it with your weird concept of respect and your ocd need to put people in boxes like if they were all cut by the same design just because of where they are from . 
  poverty changes from country to country , but it is well defined for each country . 
  `` having a job '' is nothing meaningful , if that job does n't allow you to live with dignity . 
  additionally , it is not `` you have it or not '' . 
  the definition of unemployment change dramatically from country to country . 
  that is why in spain , if you want to have a meaningful number , you look at the number of affiliations to the social security while in other countries people looking for jobs or studying while looking for a job are counted as employed , etc. 
  edit : removed a phrase that can be interpreted as overly aggressive , and that is not my intention . 
  the eu brought the second crisis upon itself , to be honest . 
  madrid is not even connected with the whole peninsula , what a shame . 
  as far as i know , that was a proposal , not an imposition , to try to prevent a hard border . 
  if gibraltarians prefer a hard border , they will have it . 
  but i do n't know why trying to find different solutions is somehow a declaration of war . 
  i , for one , think that good regulation is never too much regulation . 
  if you want the equivalent to reddit but for the spanish speaking community , you can use www.meneame.net there is even a section , called `` noteame '' in which users put messages and enter in conversation . 
  i wish i could find something like that to practice german . 
  i find interesting , but not surprising , that for both countries the lowest indicator is trust in local democracy . 
   if you have to confirm to yourself that you do n't believe in bloody fairies then there 's probably an insecurity about it there somewhere . 
  not to sound edgy but a lot of people still believe in god , but somehow fairies are absolutely unthinkable . 
  do you think there is a problem with people that confirm that they are atheist when someone make a comment asking about religion ? 
  besides , i know a few people in galicia , mainly elderly , who still say that there are `` some spirits '' in the forest , swear that they know someone who had a close encounter with the santa compa\u00f1a , etc. 
  in many places in spain , paganism or a mixture with christianity is still a thing . 
  i do browse de , for example , to practice my german . 
  it is not exactly a national sub , but almost . 
  i just find very weird that the same sub that months ago was so upset because of the new laws for survailance of the uk , which were called `` draconians '' are now pretending that we can not live without them . 
  europe does not rely on british intelligence . 
  british intelligence helps , when they want , other countries in certain topics such as terrorism . 
  on the other hand , british intelligence also helps the us to spy on eu countries . 
  besides that , with the level of scrutiny that we already have in place now , it is more than enough . 
  the paris attackers were using a mobile phone without encryption to send sms . 
  almost all terrorist to this point had been identified and were on a watch list . 
  so , while the uk helps other countries ( greatly , sometimes ) , those countries are also gathering their own data . 
  the problem is not intelligence gathering , it is how to use that intelligence .
