  and of course the usa wants a harder line with russian . 
  they do n't cohabit in the same continent . 
  well , you are right . 
  i have always thought that it was only for usa news , as whenever i go there , i can only see us news . 
  and after seeing / r/worldnews and / r/politics ( which is only for the usa politics , i am not mistaken ) i confused myself and i was wrong . 
  anyway , i thnk that my point stands still . 
  the topic is there because it fits into most people agenda , not because they give a damn about a family dispute in a small town of switzerland . 
  and , therefore , the comments we see in the thread . 
  maybe is because it is / r/worldnews . 
  i do n't understand yet how this news can be posted in / r/news , tho . 
  i guess that they let people post people from the outside of the usa whenever it `` fits '' in the agenda . 
  i guess humor sense does n't come with the basic pack . 
  you should try to upgrade yours to premium swiss pack . 
  they give chocolate for free too . 
  echenique is anything but an idiot . 
  doing a `` silly '' thing and being an idiot is a quite different thing . 
  i find impossible for a party to have exactly my own views in every point . 
  but for some of them you have pointed , it would take more than a government ( for example , the nato ) so it is `` safer '' in the sense that probably are mere electoral promise , whereas the first ones are feasible . 
  but one can ponder differently , of course . 
  and that is why the eu is so ineffective . 
  that is not true , as is proven by the facts , for example , that with the first bail-out , greece had to buy a lot of military equipment to germany for no reason at all . 
  [ to read about the topic a bit . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/apr/19/greece-military-spending-debt-crisis ), 
  it was the baker and the teacher the ones who caused the economic situation of greece , and not the government who lied to all of them , and not even the inspectors of the eu had a clue about it . 
  not the government of parties which the eu has been supporting in the last election , despite the known corruption . 
  it was the average cristoforos . 
  i think that the guy knows what he is doing . 
  greece , sadly , has little power to work around in the negotiations , but i think that the new government is by far better than the previous ones . 
  i think greece would be in the same focus of blaming , but in a even worse situation to negotiate . 
  i do n't even know what to answer , sorry . 
  that happens to me watching series . 
  when i get a somewhat obscure inner reference i feel so good just to feel patronized after the protagonist explains for 5 minutes the reference . 
  i think that some labels are required in those cartoons , but i agree that with fewer the message would have been more powerful . 
  for example , the message in the bear 's one is that the economy is what fails , so the label is required , but the `` russia '' one , no . 
  in the second one , maybe an alligator with monocle and smoking and a cat with patched clothes would go better than the labels ( the rest of them are unnecessary , in my opinion ) . 
  if not , then the labels on alligator and cat are somewhat required . 
  the problem , according to my point of view , is that the eu should change its name to ec , or european conglomerate , because we are not a union , just a bunch of countries which are tied together with some rules and a currency . 
  there is very few empathy among countries , which makes the debates harsher , slower and less effective . 
  this leads to half-ink solutions which , at the end , cost more to all the parties . 
  edit : i give up . 
  people need to get telegraphic messages and is not able to read between lines . 
  i do n't know if it is so hard to get that changing union in the name is my way to say that we are not a union , we do not behave as one , because in a union , every party push in the same direction and for the good of all . 
  two of them . 
  you are right . 
  our history books are not yet actualized !, 
  so far away are we . 
  additionally , even if i were born in an ex-ussr country , i would not remember anything ( i would not have been alive , to be more precise ) throughout the ussr , so i would still need a history book to learn . 
  and who said the opposite ? 
  the fate of our plate is our fate = / = our fate is the fate of our planet . 
  i actually think that the ussr was not entirely evil . 
  stalin , on the other hand , was . 
  but there was much more ussr after stalin . 
  mind you that the ussr was funded in 1922 and last until 1991 , whereas stalin last until 1952 . 
  ~ ~ `` propaganda '' . ~ ~ indeed , it is undeniably that the fate of the planet is our fate nowadays . 
  edit : i rectify in the lights of the most basic definition of propaganda , as other users have pointed in the comments below . 
  yes , and a work in which you have to retire at 40-50 , having pain and health problems the rest of your life . 
  that is , if you lived much longer , since most of the coal miners just died young . 
  anyway , maybe you just got greedy too and that is why you lost your job . 
  i mean , if some polish dude is wanting to make the same job as you do for a lower salary , why did n't you just told your supervisor that you would work for 80 % of the salary of the polish guy ? 
  at the end of the day , you agree with * cutting the balls of the unions * , thus you have to do your own negotiation alone . 
  - margaret thatcher took away the power of the unions , which fight for the rights and securities of the workers . 
  - without those rights and securities , workers are replaced for cheaper workers for the shake of better corporation profits . 
  - it is the fault of the cheaper workers , who wanted to have a better life , and not of margaret thatcher , who put the ground to do it . 
  yeah , it makes sense now . 
  blame the poor is the way to go here in europe sometimes . 
   objectively the better choice for the uk . 
  do you mean , subjectively , i guess . 
  people decide subjectively , not objectively . 
   then you stand against democracy as a concept and an ideal , the whole point of universal suffrage is that it does n't rely on an arbitrary decision from you or anyone else on what is right and what being informed means . 
  the democracy is easily transformed in a dictatorship . 
  of the majority , in this case . 
  and that majority can be easily persuaded and deceived . 
  you are , at the end , asking a baker about concepts that that person do n't even know they exist and you equals the opinion of that person to the opinion of someone who really knows about the topic . 
  a baker who is informed via 1 hour of tv news and some talk with friends . 
  even if they entered in other spaces , such as reddit , there is always a majority who silences ( vote negatively ) a minority , thus the usual tone is decided subjectively . 
  reddit could be a very good example of what echo chambers and years of self-conviction can do to people . 
  i , myself , i am completely ignorant in many aspects of the world and yet , people ask me and tell me that `` i do the right decision , because this is democracy '' and that terrifies me , that my vote counts the same on certain topics that the vote of someone well-informed . 
  democracy is a terrible bad system . 
  it is just the best among the worst . 
  so , yes , i oppose to the very core of the democracy and affirm that the vast majority of people , including myself , can not give a well-informed opinion about most of the topics they are asked . 
  yet , i can not come with a system which is * less-flawed * than the democracy , thus i prefer democracy to any other system i know . 
  again , it does not mean that democracy is a good system . 
  they mean the other kind of right to choose , the one in which they do n't see which choice is `` objectively better '' . 
  as spaniard , i feel you . 
  in spain a lot of people white-whas franco in daily light . 
  so i would not be surprise if in internet some of those specimens would say so . 
  i guess that being surrounded by such a country makes the interaction rather common . 
  for example , at any time they leave gilbraltar or enter in , they have to pass a police control . 
  if recently you mean since 2008 . 
  yes , a lot . 
  like , really a lot of times . 
  i said that before . 
  if i had to choose between having two diffent legal institutions and removing marriage , i would prefer the last . 
  it happens , however , that marriage is not a christian thing exclusively . 
  nowadays , it is a secular term too , whatever the origin was . 
  as i said , we already have accepted it when we accepted that divorced people could get married again , so i do n't see why people is so offended by that . 
  again , the protest against legalizing divorce were also full of this kind of arguments . 
  well , that definitively sounds like an awful language lecture . 
  you probably should look for a new teacher . 
  is there any cervantes institute around ?
