  you forgot to say that they do n't take showers , like to steal candies from kids and they secretly wish hitler was still alive , so we can all agree that they deserved what happened to them . 
   if you 're in public then you should be consenting to being photographed , police or not . 
  well , this is not true in spain , i have to say . 
  you have the right of your own image , so it is not so simple . 
  however , a police officer wearing the uniform and on duty is not an individual in that sense . 
  recording an off-duty police officer would enter in the law for everyone else . 
   makes identification much more easier . 
  so , making the identification a bit harder , either on purpose or by accident , should be punished with up to 600k or even jail ? 
  sure , sure . 
  sure pp is bad . 
  but i fail to see how ciu is better in any sense . 
  let 's not forget that the mossos d'esquadra were looked as even more brutal than the geos in madrid . 
  i think so . 
  it has caused a lot of people , even pp voters , to say `` eh . . maybe it is a bit too much ? '' . 
  now , every party wants to take down this low so they can put themselves the medal of `` freedom fighters '' . 
  we try but , ay caramba , [ it is very difficult todo esto . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un19wdcx5te ) end of the quotation . 
  they technically were the most voted force . 
  and even in cities like madrid , they `` won '' . 
  i am worried . 
  however , i do feel like people in local elections vote for the person and not the party . 
  i do believe too , that the pp wo n't get another absolute majority . 
  i hope so , because spain can not afford another 4 years of unrestricted pp ruling . 
  to be honest , if the pp loses the next elections , this law will be gone in seconds . 
  all the other parties want to put themselves the medal of taking down this monstrosity . 
  more like a broken system that gives a party with 44 % of the votes the equivalent of 60 % of the seats in the congress . 
  so , yes , absolute majority , but not because of the number of votes but rather for the `` extra boost '' of the electoral law . 
  well , they can in a sense . 
  for example , in spain there was the parot doctrine , which `` europe '' told was illegal under the spanish law . 
  the rubber balls used by the police were illegal too , so spain had to remove them from the equipment by the end of a certain year , which i do not remember at the moment ( probably this year ) . 
  in this sense , this law is illegal under the very constitutional rights and the pertinent european court can rule that the law is , indeed illegal . 
   again . 
  i would expect `` again '' if they hide it at any point . 
  i think about it as a continuum , just with spikes and a background level . 
  proposing that is probably an act of information terrorism . 
  sorry , mate , i would not cross the border in a long time , if you do n't want to get arrested . 
  it should be changed for `` keep voting traditional parties , europe , they have worked so well '' . 
  so , terrorism ? 
  to use terror to achieve a political goal . 
  i always thought that fraga was like el cid : he died decades ago , but they put him over a horse ( in this case , a chair ) so he seemed to be still alive . 
  i would say that there is still a lot of people who think not only in the civil war but in the dictatorship when speaking about spanish politics . 
  and i include myself in . 
  i mean , the pp was funded by one of the ministers of franco . 
  and they are always accusing others to `` have the desire of coming back in time , to the dictatorship '' . 
  how fucked up is that ? 
  they even told that the victims of franquism only remember that period `` when we speak about giving them money ! '' . 
  we are in a country in which a lot of people do n't know where their parents or grandparents rest , because they were just taken out in the night to give them a `` paseito '' and they were never seen again . 
  many documents of the franquism are not even public because `` they would create a lot of unnecessary controversy '' . 
  the pp is the first party to bring the demagogy and trivialize about the past in spain . 
  p.s : we are not going to have a civil war soon . 
  but according to bono and zapatero , there were some military officials that were thinking about it . 
  certainly the division in the left helped the fascist quite a lot . 
  not being able to have an structured army against a very structured army made the war hard from the very beginning . 
  where the heck did you learn english ? 
  since when prima is premium ?? 
  you mean `` risky cousin '' . 
  i know a lot of young people ( classmates in the university ) that voted for the pp because `` the psoe fucked the situation and they would vote anyone to prevent zapatero to rule again ! '' . 
  of course , after a month , they were already protesting against the pp . 
  people in spain think that politics is like football : your team wins or loses . 
  the `` derby '' team has to lose , because fuck them . 
  and so on . 
  what about the proposals or the actual facts ? 
  p.s : i agree that the psoe fucked up the situation in many aspects , but i do n't see how is that a reason to vote for pp . 
  there is live beyond pp and psoe . 
  but i guess that in the past elections , people just did not believe there were more options . 
  iberia for the win . 
  the kingdom of the republic of iberia , to be more precise . 
  in the first three weeks , they violated around 60-70 % of their electoral promises ( not exaggerating , but i can not find an article about it in english ) . 
  that has to be a new record or something . 
  not like a lot of us knew that was going to happen , but still is pretty fascinating that in our system , you give a vote to someone who proposes something and then they can do whatever they want . 
  it is like asking a plumber to change the toiled and ending the situation with him fucking your dog and saying `` well , you let me in ! '' . 
  and the fucking toiled is still clogged !, 
  honestly , from what we have seen of the imf 's predictions , either greece will disappear by 2030 or will be the richest country on europe , because those guys can not predict correctly not even once . 
  put it that in this way : now he can just past half of the legislation and it seems that he is being reasonable and heard other 's opinion . 
  politicians always do the same . 
  i do n't think cameron is going to pass the whole thing , but surely he will try to pass a bit of it . 
  and then a bit , and then a bit . 
  yes , the populist party is in government of the nation . 
  hopefully only until the end of this year . 
  we will see at the end of the year . 
   ordinary citizens arent matyrs , nobody will sacrifice their very own economic situation just to make merkel look bad . 
  your self-sufficiency is astonishing . 
  i am not speaking about making merkel look bad , like if i could care less about her . 
  i am speaking about the fact that greece is in a worse situation that they would be if they have fought when they have a higher lavage , i.e , before the rest of europe was able to plan something to lose too much if greece existed . 
  on the other hand , the next time a country will face problems , that country will just try to drag the whole eu with them into the harder battle field , because we have seen what happens when you only try to fight after you gave time for your enemies to prepare . 
  the problem is that you can take one by surprise , but the next one will be more difficult . 
  so it is not the first time it happens , nor it will be the last one . 
  now i do n't understand your comment , if you already had such information . 
  i never said that experience and knowledge are not worth in economics . 
  both factors are worth in any field . 
  however , i told you that the decision was a political one and not a technical one , and you keep coming with the `` why do n't the experts take the decision '' ? 
  because it is a political decision , and not a technical one . 
   second , if their job was only to negotiate and not to make the decision or to deal with the aftermath , then their job is now done and they should call new elections . 
  36 % of greeks vote for them . 
  they do n't feel like they should be able to make such a fundamental decision with only a third of votes . 
  and i completely agree . 
  what scares me is that people is fine with the fact that 36 % is enough to just `` go by '' . 
  and you keep saying the same `` the greek government is not up to the task '' . 
  could you explain to me where do you get that idea ? 
  because , for what i have read , they are very up to the task .
