  it does n't mean that we can clean our hands about the other literally thousands of people who have n't done and probably wo n't do anything wrong . 
  i am not saying that we should n't control anything . 
  but between controlling and speaking about them like animals waiting to kill us , i think there is a big gap . 
  i never said that you have to wait 100 years . 
  we can do it today , with the correct policies . 
  i do n't need to `` go and try '' . 
  i already live in a neighborhood which is about 30 % muslims , which started to be like that in the 60 ' and nobody have ever had a problem . 
  take on the weakest ( the refugee ) in this case . 
  so brave . 
  and , who cares even if they were 200 % percent muslims ? 
  what matters to me is if they are going to accept the laws or not , but somehow we have already developed the pre-crime machine to know that they are n't , for sure . 
  it took for europeans hundreds of years to tame christianity since the inquisition to the current state . 
  christianity was not an easy beast to domesticate and still impose many stupid things , such as the opposition to gay marriage , onto many of us who do not follow it . 
  it can be done with islam too , it can be also tamed . 
  yes , it is . 
  one thing is to like ( or even love ) your country and to want to help to develop it and other different thing is to use those feelings to justify things like what wilders says . 
  so , if wilders is an example of being `` nationalistic '' , then , yes , it is something bad . 
  because they are all intolerant . 
  got it . 
  tolerance means that you at least give them a fucking try before prejudicing them by attaching them somehow the support for the regimes they are actually fleeing away from . 
  it is not a thread in this case . 
  many politicians are selling that catalonia would be in the eu if it became independent . 
  many people has come forward to say `` well , actually no '' . 
  i take this more as a correction to the purposely false rhetoric that some people is using . 
  it grants the u2 level . 
   you need a source for logical thinking ? 
  if you say that it is the `` international law '' , then , yes , i need a source that point to that part of the international law . 
  otherwise , do n't try to sell your shit like it is a fact . 
  i can actually link you , if you want , to the part of the international law ( more concretely , the declaration of refugees ' rights ) that say you are wrong . 
  i do n't care what you think , the intentional law says so , you are a refugee . 
  it is not an opinion , but a fact . 
  you can argue that it should n't be like that , that is a different topic , but the reality is not an opinion . 
  it does n't mean that refugees are exempt to obey the law , but you do n't lose your status because you fled from a camp . 
  you have just made that up and you know it . 
  can i see your source , please ? 
  you can put as many excuses as you want , but you do n't get to complain when you are called racist or xenophobe when , in fact , you agree that you judge them because where they are from . 
  no , he does n't , because we did n't even give them the chance to pro e themselves . 
  the redditoe is saying that they are barbarians as a prejudice . 
  it does n't add anything , because is giving as facts thing that never happened . 
  it is not a crime if you are a refugee , since you specifically can not be prosecuted for entering illegally to obtain you asylum , according to the international law . 
  no , everybody did . 
  those countries that are now claiming to be victims of the german bully , were before cheering for it to be even harder in the negotiations with greece . 
  schadenfreude at its clearer . 
  at the end , it was more of a punishment than a negotiation because people deemed as a challenge to their honor the greek stand . 
  now the situation is almost reversed . 
  they created a monster that has now turned against them . 
  do n't tell me . 
  i did n't put the example . 
  if people want to use a false comparison , i just call them out . 
  those are two distinctions you are taking out of your sleeve . 
  could you link me where in the international law is regarded that ? 
  at least , the international declaration of refugee 's right says the opposite . 
  so i would like to know your sources . 
  i would like to know about those contradictions . 
  and , specially , by reality . 
  the reality has brainwashed my brain too . 
  do you know where i can join any ? 
  i live in a neighborhood with around half of the population being muslims . 
  would you believe that they are trying to impose their sharia law by offering us to join their nocturne feast meals during the ramadan ?? 
  they are trying to convert us via tasty food !, 
  but i wo n't fall . 
  i will better join a paramilitary group , and cause more violence , because that is how you deal with violence . 
  as i said , what could go wrong ? 
  what i think is that the era of `` working to live '' is over . 
  machines are doing more jobs and more efficiently than any human could ever have done . 
  before the industrial revolution , 90 humans had to work in the fields to feed 100 humans . 
  now , a single machine with a single human can operate to feed 100 000 . 
  those other humans will move to other positions , but , at some point , there will be not enough positions left . 
  there will be less and less work but more and more resources , which is good , thus a new model is necessary . 
   get paramilitary training and form militias . 
  what could go wrong ? 
   i see what you mean . 
  i have to agree with this tldr . 
  on the other hand we violate those rights everywhere so immigrants are at least equal in that . 
  i have to also agree with them being optional . 
  i disagree with basic human rights where those do not work in current reality . 
  at least you are honest . 
  i do n't have anything else to discuss with people like you , however . 
  have a nice day . 
  i love german , actually . 
  i like the way it sounds . 
  i do think that the whole prejudice comes from the fact that german has a lot of `` strong '' sounds , like k. studies have found that we associate certain sounds with certain characteristics as soft or spiky , as much as we associate red with danger or prohibition . 
  i think that german is a language `` written in red '' . 
  it is just a characteristic which is not definition of anything , as the video shows . 
  tldr : we violate the basic human rights , but we do not care . 
  see ? 
  it is not so hard . 
  at least you could start by saying that you consider human rights as optional , instead of blatantly saying  which ones ? 
  mind you they have basic human rights do you realize than in two consecutive comments you have both said `` they have basic human rights '' and `` they do n't have basic human rights , but just because the law of the land overwrites them '' ? 
  turkey , at least in part , is europe . 
  not the eu , but europe nonetheless . 
  which , by the way , is the place where people say that we should send the refugees . 
  shall i remind the people then that if there are proofs that the human rights will be violated , deportation or mobilization is forbidden ? 
  you are giving the reason to the refugees who flee from turkey to enter in the rest of europe . 
  edit : return -  remind , corrector . 
   this is stupid because if you look at the issue globally , then those rights you enumerated are violated for maybe 3-4 billion of people , if not more . 
  i agree . 
  that is why i think that europe , as well as the rest of the world , should do more to help those 3-4 billion people . 
  but the main difference is that those rights are being violated within europe , this time it could n't be any more of our responsibility . 
  it is not something happening in our neighborhood , but in our very home .
