  since she was speaking about the euro ( about the concerns of some french people of what would happen if they returned to the franc ) , the eu is more related than europe in general . 
  it was before or after removing the eu flag because you felt insulted by it ? 
  you do n't get the title so easily , frenchie . 
  other countries are working really hard for it too . 
  i was thinking about the main difference between countries like spain , which scores higher in having less government expenditure and less tax burden , but way lower scores in freedom from corruption . 
  in other words , spain is closer `` ideologically '' to the mantra of `` only small government is good for business '' , yet it is worse economically . 
  nk has a zero or the lowest score in all categories . 
  i guess that is a big difference with , basically , any other country . 
  in socialism , which is what i was discussing , there is private ownership . 
  the only private ownership which is abolished is the one over the means of production . 
  in summary , you can own the car privately , but not the company which makes cars , which is owned by the workers or by the state , depending on the different branches of the ideology . 
  sorry , i did not understand that . 
  google translator of galizian does n't give me any understandable result . 
  the lizard people . 
  just like with the rest of the problems in spain : there are no problems , but if there is any , it is caused by the lizard people , definitively not `` good spaniards '' . 
   ( el pa\u00eds being ~ ~ leftist ~ ~ centrist and el mundo being ~ ~ centrist ~ ~ right wing ) i corrected it for you . 
  who ? 
  actually the heritage foundation makes a lot of judgement using the data . 
  you can read it in the article . 
  they seem oblivious to the `` paradox '' that the nordics , some of the best performing countries in europe , occupy the tops in the `` less free '' categories of `` limited government '' . 
  and , also , the final index is simply an arbitrary combination of already arbitrary sub-scores . 
  putting more emphasis on some sub-scores or others is also an ideological decision . 
  are you more free if you have more taxes in a less corrupt country or less taxes in a more corrupt country ? 
  i agree , however , that this is not an economical goodness index . 
  i just wanted to point it out , as op , because some people are reading it in that way . 
  i am neither a socialist nor a communist , so i do n't know if i am the most appropriate one to answer your questions , but there are examples of relatively big companies being owned and run by workers . 
  in spain , there is for example the mondragon group . 
  i do n't understand what is the problem with the pension system . 
  pensions are not means of production . 
  this is all a very big simplification . 
  different branches of different ideologies deal with those problems in very different ways , in the same way that two capitalists systems , nordic model or neoliberal chile under pinochet regime , deal with the problems in a very different way . 
  i guess that one would have to specify more the field to yield anything meaningful . 
  i think that it is very important . 
  one of the worst things about being harassed by strangers is the fear and the sense of defenseless . 
  just by stating out loud that the victim is not alone , it changes the mood of the situation completely . 
  we should accept them , even if it is just to complete the map , because it triggers me to see such whole there . 
  i would say that turkey has not lost yet the battle for its soul . 
  i think that in that aspect , you can count with most europeans . 
  i also hope that europe does not turn a blind eye to turkey , because what erdogan has done can be fixed and the people in the opposition need to feel that they are not fighting alone . 
  this is something that i guess all citizens can agree in it , so i guess we can call it . . citizens united !, 
  i also found interesting that they used the corruption perception index , which means if the corruption is disguised well enough , it does n't count . 
  exactly my point . 
  one can have both a good welfare state and a business friendly environment . 
  countries like spain doing poorly has less to do with `` too much socialism '' ( whatever does it mean ) and more to do with rampant corruption at all levels and poor organization . 
  edit : a word . 
  there are plenty . 
  it is a continuous erosion of rights . 
  from the gag law to the latest case of someone judged for a tweet making a joke about a member of the dictatorship being assassinated by eta . 
  in relation to the press , i would say that tve , which is the national tv , went from one of the `` most free '' and even received awards from the bbc in that aspect to an government tv that has received international criticism for it . 
  the first thing the pp did when they won in 2011 was to replace the important charges with their own people . 
  does it , really ? 
  because all the nordics are top in the `` less free '' in the most `` ideological '' parts of the study , tax burden and government expenditure . 
  and i would say that they do just fine . 
  however they score top on the things that i pointed as objectively good . 
  spain scores way higher than denmark or sweden in the `` ideological part '' and , as you said , it is not doing so well . 
  edit : to add more information to what i said : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/index_of_economic_freedom#2014_ranking_with_more_attributes and you list the `` less free '' countries in fiscal freedom , the top 3 are north korea , denmark and sweden . 
  most nordic countries are top 15 in the `` less free '' by government expenditure . 
  if your job is to live from other people 's work , then , yes , it can be seen as repression . 
  however , you can still work in the company and earn millions and have ten houses , since private ownership also exists within the socialism . 
  you simply do not own the company . 
  the foundation that made this map listed tax burden and government expenditures as a reason for a lower score . 
  so i guess that if you are rich , many european countries , including the nordics ( which are the origin of this subthread ) , are `` repressing '' you . 
  edit : to explain my last point a bit better , if you go to the article of the wikipedia and you select the whole set of 2014 ( which has the score in specific areas , i could n't find anything newer ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/index_of_economic_freedom#2014_ranking_with_more_attributes and you list the `` less free '' countries in fiscal freedom , the top 3 are north korea , denmark and sweden . 
  most nordic countries are top 15 in the `` less free '' by government expenditure . 
  but they are also top scores in freedom from corruption . 
  and that is the main difference , in my opinion . 
  edit 2 : a word . 
  the only one with which i agree too is the rule of law . 
  lack of corruption and legal guarantees are objectively good things . 
  the rest is simply ideology . 
  just an extract from the article ( there are plenty of things with which i do not agree ) :   limited government  fiscal freedom : how free is a country from tax burden . 
  it comprises three quantitative measures : top marginal tax rate of both individual ( 1 ) and corporate ( 2 ) income , and total tax burden as a percentage of gdp ( 3 ) . 
   government size/spending : governments ' expenditures as a percentage of gdp , including consumption and transfers . 
  the higher the percentual spending , the lower the score . 
  so now being taxed or having government expenditure is not being free . 
  in summary , this map represent an ideology , not a freedom . 
  well , socialism does n't mean either that businesses are repressed . 
  i agree . 
  just because we were in a better position does n't mean that we can get complacent . 
  point in case , spain gained a lot of freedoms after the end of the dictatorship , but people have already forgotten the past , so the country is going backwards again in many aspects . 
  i would say that those are two factors working in the same direction : misinformation of the public . 
  first suppress facts and then you overflow with lies so the lack of facts are n't noticeable anymore . 
  you surely love weird things . 
  but i guess that some people ( not you , i assume ) actually love it , because the less free press , the stronger the power of certain groups . 
  spain is only position 29 ? 
  i am surprised that it is not further down . 
  \\ #betterthanthenetherlands, 
  it is not hard to check that his account is , in fact , troll account , so i would n't put too much thought on that . 
  the idea that we can just put nice lines in a map and call it a day is what started the mess , by not paying any attention to difference and tensions among groups in the region . 
  just because they are all `` brown people '' does n't mean that they want to be in the same country . 
   the eu ca n't have their cake and eat it to . 
  this is not something that happens in the eu alone , so , since this discussion is not even about the eu , why would you bring up it now ? 
  you too seem to commit the same mistake i pointed out in my first comment . 
  it is clear that a relatively large part of the us population will find someone like le pen desirable and many are far right supporters or proper fascist/neo-nazis . 
  it is also observable that a sizable amount of redditors subscribe to subs which are cesspool for negative attitudes and lies . 
  one also has to consider that people who go to other subs to specifically spark conflict are most likely trolls and they are looking for that ( over ) reaction . 
  however , i posted my comment because i see an increasing number of uncalled bashing of americans in this sub and i read your comment in that way . 
  the other redditor spoke about people in this thread , which by statistics are most likely europeans , being `` dumbasses '' and you brought the americans out of nowhere . 
  when i see an unfair treatment of a group of people , i call it out . 
  and what i found in this sub is that a very vocal minority of users will always bring `` others '' as the source of all the problems in europe .
