  and one of the main aspects was the focus in the stimulation of the growth . 
  it is an example of how letting countries breath actually help them progress . 
  no , we are n't . 
  at least in spain , by th end of the year we will have a very * hot * winter . 
  new parties are rising , other parties are trying to stop their bleedings , but makes no mistake thinking that it is going to be an easy or predictable election . 
  and some of those parties have been supporting the no of greece actively . 
  i live in germany and i have seen this topic as very polarizing . 
  i would not be so sure about what you said just because in the tv show they always put the angry german renter . 
  i read an article yesterday in spiegel , * tr\u00fcmmernfrau * , which basically expressed the same . 
  kohl is seeing as the chancellor of reunification , schroder as the euro one . 
  merkel will be regarded as the chancellor who failed to europe . 
  quite interesting article about the two merkels . 
   fiscal discipline is an international issue : when greece is about to start inning its taxes from the big moneymakers they will be nowhere to be found . 
  okay , not exactly nowhere , they 'll be found in countries like swiss , luxemburg and monaco and maybe an empty mailbox in the netherlands . 
  i agree with this . 
  if the eu would act like one in this case , we could ask for a piece of the bread instead of fighting among ourselves for being the ones asking for the lesser amount of crumbs . 
  the nash equilibrium in all this game tends to zero , since for every country , receiving some is better than receiving none . 
  we , european taxpayers , have been fooled to believe we were helping greece , when in fact we were helping our own banks . 
  so , basically , we lend them money so they could pay us back , but our politicians sold it like we were so generous . 
  pre wwii , germans also make one of the biggest haircut in history , when they changed their overinflated currency . 
  this is why i get so frustrated when people use analogies of the kind of `` countries are like families '' . 
  no , they are not . 
  but people only know about family 's economics ( microeconomics ) , therefore , they use what they know to speak about macroeconomics . 
  i do n't think this is a german thing exclusively . 
  in spain , politicians are using greece as the boogie-man , `` if podemos wins , spain will become greece ! '' . 
  but i agree , living in germany , that the media is using a lot of tricks to try to make it looks like if germany were paying bmws to greek people , when , in fact , they are paying ferraris to the bank owners . 
  i read the other day in spiegel an article supporting greece . 
  but that is about it . 
  in tv you wo n't see anything like that . 
  i actually have the feeling that this particular sub is brigaded routinely . 
  usually , in comments and news , there are some different opinions which are very hight upvoted . 
  and then , in ten or twenty minutes , they are downvoted to hell . 
  it seems rather suspicious , that a comment is receiving upvotes and downvotes to a certain rate and , suddenly , within few minutes , there are only downvotes in a very , very high number . 
  many links have been posted of a certain white-pride forum with links to reddit asking for brigading on the topics of immigration , for example . 
  brigading is a way to shape opinion . 
  reddit is a well-known source of information for many . 
  this is a war of information and there are armies here , i do n't doubt it . 
  this is what people seems to not understand . 
  from all the money we `` gave '' to greece , only 9 % actually reached the real market . 
  the rest was sent directly to debtors , mainly french and german banks . 
  the whole crisis is the consequence of banks being so little regulated and being let free to speculate and risk as much as they want , knowing that they are too big to let them fall . 
  i commented exactly the same before . 
  i think that varoufakis was lelouch/zero all day long . 
  tsipras is the knight of zero , then . 
   or ** maybe ** he just got fired and then tsipras is lacking courage . 
  this is why you should read the statement . 
  he was asked by tsipras . 
  so no `` maybe `` s. 
  the plan is : gather all the hate in someone , a very polarizing figure . 
  make all the politicians accuse him from being the main problem with agreements . 
  take away that person . 
  now both parties can save the face . 
  ones because `` the final agreement was the final with varoufakis , with the new guy we can agree more things '' and the others for `` we sacrificed ourselves for the shake of the country '' . 
  he is staying as a member of the parliament and , as far as i have read in the newspapers , he will be in the commission of negotiation , just not as the minister ( so no eurogroup , etc ) . 
  the true reason for the aging population of germany . 
  well , the new guy , tsakalotos , seems to be quite good too . 
  and it is supposed to have carried negotiations too since april . 
  i agree with you that varoufakis has charisma , but he will still be in the parliament and will help with the negotiations . 
  i think the change is for the good , because you have the same brains but , also , a person who may be a bit more diplomatic . 
  i have seen this before . 
  in code geass , more precisely . 
  varoufakis was carrying lelouch 's plan all along . 
  i agree . 
  winning by 61-39 is a very huge win . 
  this is the moment in which any politician would call all the tv media for his/her face to appear as much as they can . 
  as you said , it takes an special kind of courage to say `` we overwhelmingly won , i will resign because my government and i believe that is the best for my country '' . 
  i compare him with the spanish politicians , who would sew themselves to the chair if necessary . 
  you could not take them out even with boiling water . 
  just for this , i appreciate the v-man even more . 
  for me it was more how he forced the other members to take out the mask . 
  if he did n't dislike politics , that would probably be true . 
  who is the alternative today in greece ? 
  there is no other party who a normal person could vote besides syriza . 
  and in this rough time , politicians burn very quickly . 
  i completely see varoufakis as pm , but i do n't think it will happen . 
  it was the original plan . 
  however , politicians thought that it was going to happen `` naturally '' in the future . 
  well , no . 
  the euro is defectuous because it is incomplete . 
  and until it is completed , the eurozone will always be in the cliff . 
  we started the crisis in a good shape and look how badly it ended . 
  the following crisis ( chinese stock market ? 
  japan 's default ? 
  who knows ? ), 
  will be even more devastating . 
  it is suppose that the system assigns you the position closer where they live . 
  the problem is when you say you live 500km away from where you really live , which is this case . 
  as the other redditor confirmed , the problem was his own negligence . 
  we have charities like that in spain . 
  there was a case in catalonia , for example , of a bunch of kids who only ate once or twice a day , and started to pass out during classes in schools . 
  we are already allowing it . 
  just some people can not see it yet . 
  in spain , one of the largest newspapers ( elpa\u00eds ) displayed a firstpage with a woman in an empty supermarket , despite all the redactors of such newspapers have accused it from trying to manipulate since the situation in the supermarkets is `` completely normal '' . 
  i do n't think only german media is * a bit * biased . 
  redditor for 0 days and people is paying attention to you , because you are an obvious troll , but the kind of troll people want to see to bash greeks even more . 
  so they like to pretend that you are an actual greek who actually did such things . 
  enjoy your minutes of popularity . 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  there is nothing easier than to create an alter-ego to diminish the opinions of your enemies . 
  you know , just because the redditor says he is greek and voted no , it does n't mean that s/he actually did .
