  we have [ carteles . 
  ] ( http://www.luminexsl.es/archivo/2014/04/dsc_0049.jpg ), 
  if you legitimately need them , it is legal in spain to have a firearm license , so do n't worry , you will be fine . 
  it seems that we disagree then . 
  p.s : and , just so you know , by design , in all eu institutions , human rights are unquestionable ( and thankfully so , in my opinion ) https://europa.eu/european-union/topics/human-rights_en, 
  neanderthals belong in a museum , not in a forum where the first rule is that human rights are to be respected . 
  i am not very politically correct , to be honest . 
  i do n't think all ideas and all opinions are valid and should be heard . 
  if your ideas go against human rights , then you can go fuck yourself for all i care . 
  independently on the specific topic , this should be the standard when a politician appears on tv . 
  journalists should be prepared with everything to back or refute what they say . 
  `` i did not say that '' -  put the video of where that person said so . 
  `` x statistic is a fact '' -  show sources demonstrating that it is not . 
  and so on . 
   banning one side of the debate !, 
  that is not a debate . 
  it 's the rant of a neanderthal . 
  i try to keep up with politics of as many countries as i can , but with the netherlands it is specially hard for me since there are many parties and all the initials look the same . 
  could n't you just have a normal boring election ? 
  you can govern in minority . 
  that is how the spanish government is doing right now . 
  you only need enough to people to change the vote just for that occasion due to a deal in other topics . 
  wow , is n't it a bit aggressive against people that are not even in the conversation ? 
  did a migrant pole kill your cat ? 
  not too hard to be better than spain in this topic , to be honest . 
  this is one of the reasons for which i think the eu should adopt esperanto as the main language and promote its usage . 
  with the same number of hours , you would see all countries with at least 80 + , of course depending on school dropouts , etc. 
  then you could learn other languages too , as we do nowadays . 
  but the main focus should in all eu citizens to learn esperanto . 
  poland can not into common sense . 
  in the case of spain , it is true , specially in summer . 
  the balearic islands are just a step away from becoming a bundesland . 
  i do n't know if i am explaining myself poorly or if you are being purposely oblivious to my point ( probably the former ) , but in any case , i am not going to spend more time in a conversation which is going nowhere . 
  have a nice day . 
  i argue that beating around the bush with technicalities and getting caught in details is a petty way to derail a conversation . 
  nuance is nice when the point is about nuances , but my point is n't : spain should have never gone to iraq , at any point . 
  the government went there against the opposition of the whole country , even thea vast majority of its voters and that was an abuse of power that they paid in the following elections . 
  sorry if i fail to see how the difference between doing that in town diferent stages changes anything . 
  it is terrible in both cases . 
  it is like discussing the color of the shirt of the victim in a rape case . 
  spain went to iraq . 
  i do not care if it was from the start or later on , my point is not about technicalities , we followed the us there , which was the comment to which i was answering , and it was a mistake , an abuse of power and should not be forgotten so easily . 
  at least we had the fortitude to take the troops out , instead of looking for further revenge against innocent people for the terrorists ' actions . 
  violence yields violence . 
  i think it is important to not forget the mistakes we make . 
  probably one of the most shameful situations on recent spanish history , when a government decides to go to war against the will of the vast majority of the population . 
  * cough * spain * cough *, 
  i sense a lack of motorhomes in this picture . 
  very fitting username , by the way . 
  all taxes go to heaven . 
  you are right . 
  i was writing with the phone and i did n't even notice . 
  thank you for the correction . 
  just looking at the map itself it was clear that it is not a s.xi map ... 
  i think that the time for negotiation is over . 
  people of gibraltar have made more than clear that the simple idea of that joint-sovereignty is almost an insult . 
  i hope that spain simply close the border and do not let a tax heaven like gibraltar to be a sink of money anymore now that the uk will not be able to use the eu as an excuse to look the other way . 
  no retaliation but no help either . 
   it is not directly clear to me which situation is better for gay people overall , and these graphs oversimplify these issues . 
  i think this kind of map/graph-mania is not productive . 
  and here lies the problem . 
  you complain that a map showing some specific data do not show the data that you want , and for me that is senseless . 
  those are two different issues and they are not at odds with each other . 
  if the title were `` these are the better places for homosexuals '' , then i would understand the complains . 
   they are saying that limiting it to the legal dimension is arbitrary in itself . 
  one issue is of course that a majority of 51 % can push through really strong legal rights for gay people , while a sizeable minority is still furious , likewise you could have a country with a larger governing majority which had to compromise on legal gay rights issues with its coalition partner , but the population is less divided . 
  that is why the map has both the legal framework and the support . 
  there are green countries , like germany , with  70 % of support and blue countries like greece with < 70 % . 
  again , this bit of your comment does n't make any sense for me in the context of the title and the figure . 
  it seems to me a clear case of a one name party . 
  it does n't mean that there is only one or that people might only know one person , but the party was created and works ex professo for that individual . 
  edit : a letter . 
  i found wally !, 
  it is an arbitrary metric for what ? 
  the title clearly stakes that the post is related to the legal status and support of the ssm . 
  how is then the legal status and support for it an arbitrary metric ? 
  i found a surprisingly high amount of redditors in this sub withe that kind of views , so i would n't necessarily say that most redditors agree with full equality , specially in matters of adoption and marriage instead of civil unions . 
  it is not easy to pin a single cause for spain to go from ultra catholic to one of the first countries to give homosexuals full rights , including plenary adoption , etc. 
  in general , the society is surprising progressive in many social issues . 
  the younger generations have been quite pressing too , making social issues a fundamental part of parties programs and not simply a nuance . 
  i do n't think there is a simple explanation , but it 's more like a `` perfect storm '' , in which unrelated issues have been combined with unexpected results . 
  a clear example that everybody grows old , but not everybody grows up . 
   but then our simulations are so advanced at this point i do n't see why it would be a complete flop . 
  i would n't call our simulations `` that '' advanced , to be honest . 
  the degree varies from topic to topic quite a lot . 
  while iter has been changed during its construction , the construction has been so long that many of the things that are included are already known to not be optimal , but they are there because there is no more money to change them . 
  there are many topics in which simulations are still far from having a predictive power , such as edge and divertor physics , which are absolutely fundamental for the viability of the machine . 
  i am not saying that iter will be a flop . 
  i am saying that iter will need to do way better than good to be a sufficient reason for countries to fund demo , knowing how low in the list of priorities fusion is . 
  i am not even sure that by 2080 a sizable amount of energy will come from fusion . 
  as i said in my last paragraph , nobody considers fusion a priority and they are putting peanuts into its research . 
  i am not even sure if demo will be ever created . 
  everything will depend on the success of iter . 
  if iter does not show impressive results , i think that will be the end of the line for the fusion research , at least in the tokamak variety , which is by far the most advanced and better funded . 
  that is , again , implying that things stick to the plan . 
  iter has been constantly delayed due to budgetary problems , and demo is simply an idea , as there is no real partnership yet or funding ( it is not even clear what the design will be ) . 
  besides , demo will cost a stupidly high amount of money and no country will be the one with the `` mark i '' , i.e , the first reactor based on demo ( hopefully , because demo could fail too ) but paid alone by that country . 
  after demo start operations , i would expect no less than 10-15 years of data analysis and research on how to lower the costs . 
  i wish that countries would put more money into research thus exponentially accelerating the process , but with potentially strong research forces such as the us scrapping their fusion programs , i simply do n't see it happening . 
  fusion is clearly , and sadly , not a priority for anyone .
