  you clearly have never driven in rome . 
  i firmly believe there are people actively trying to kill you there while driving . 
  well , sadly the guardia civil counts with one of the best anti-terrorist units in europe . 
  and i say sadly because it is a consequence of years of looking behind the cars and infiltrating/gaining information in relatively closed terrorist circles . 
  exactly . 
  that is why it is going to take a few days of planning , because trying to do anything to the bomb , even the standard procedure , could detonate it . 
  i am already seen the first page of bild `` american terrorist attack germany '' with the subtitle `` the plan has been developing for at least 75 years , according to experts '' . 
  well , many of them do . 
  that is a part of how many of the plots for other attacks have been foiled, 
  yeah . 
  as a man i would really love to be able to point rapists with my manly powers , but i simply can not . 
  maybe is there something wrong with me ? 
  i have been having problems lately to connect to the hive manly mind . 
  here an article with some sources against your claims that muslims . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/muslims-like-me-are-asked-the-same-questions-after-any-terrorist-attack-for-the-record-here-are-our-a6948131.html http://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/antiterror-chief-praises-muslims-for-helping-keep-london-safe-a3160806.html even foxnews reports on that http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/06/16/report-us-officials-say-muslims-frequently-report-terror-threats.html ( this is from the us , so i admit that it is not the same topic , but still shows that being from one religion and being against terrorism justified by using such religion are two different things ) . 
  i can not speak for other countries , but at least in spain , many of the plots have neutralized before an attack thanks to the information provided by the muslim communities , specially the mosques , which are constantly reminded to stay vigilant looking for signs of radicalization . 
  yeah . 
  it is not something you want to do on a rush . 
  people here complaining about how long it is going to take might not understand how much 3.8 tones of explosive can make . 
  yeah , i would n't trust 2016 with this . 
  i think that people mistakenly believes that those who use that argument are somehow fine with the killings and the the terrorism . 
  there is a difference between remaining vigilant and letting the terror control your live while running and screaming in panic . 
  i think nobody is denying that terrorism is a bad thing or something superfluous . 
  i think that the argument is that it is not the threat to our existence that many people imply . 
  edit : p.d : a very important note :  the fact is , terrorism should n't exist in europe and the only reason it does exist here is because we insist on letting people practice a certain savage stone age religion that does n't belong here . 
  do you have any idea of european modern history ? 
  because if you are from the 98 , as your username implies , you should have probably heard about eta , ira and groups like it . 
  we are speaking about weekly even daily victims from time to time . 
  brown people did n't invented terrorism . 
  we have had our fair share of it before . 
  http://www.datagraver.com/case/people-killed-by-terrorism-per-year-in-western-europe-1970-2015 terrorism is of course terrible whenever it happens , no matter the purpose or who carry the attack , but seriously , terrorism is sadly nothing new . 
  there is not such a thing as completely neutral sources . 
  that is why you read at least two of them of opposite bias . 
  if i find a news from s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung to be a bit biased , i go to zeit or cicero and read the same article from a different perspective . 
  journalists are people . 
  when you write an article , it is your job to filter information , to phrase it and to highlight the important information . 
  and there is no objective way to do it . 
  also , there is a part of engaging in writing an article . 
  people do not want raw data , they want a story that conveys also the emotions of the situation . 
  someone thought a message of unity was good for a day like today and tha tis probably not the most aseptic journalism , but i do n't see ill intentions behind it . 
   we 're not even taking into consideration stabbings and rapes . 
  french men are still the biggest thread for rape ( in the majority of cases , the victim knows the rapist ) and murder for french women ( more women died last year in france by the hand of their husbands/boyfriends/ex than by terror attacks ) . 
  that is not taking into account the generalized abuse . 
  and that is not a france 's problem , of course . 
  it happens all around europe and all around the world . 
  that usage of women suffering to justify hate against refugees is vomit inducing , specially when the general public did n't care that much before and the comments you could read were `` what was she wearing ? 
  '' , `` she was probably drunk '' , `` one can not flirt and then expect nothing to happen !, 
  '' , and so . 
  women speaking about rape culture are ridiculed and labelled as hysterical . 
  but now suddenly rape is one of the main issues we have to fight !, 
  will nobody think about women ?!, 
  the statistical is the same : most rapes are committed by people known by the victim . 
  but those are not the ones that matter , of course . 
  those have been here since forever . 
  those are `` inevitable '' . 
  as a friend of mine said `` at least women issues are on the spotlight now , even if it is for the wrong reason '' . 
  they moved it to the last page , as far as i know . 
  they still have the pinup girls . 
  at least when you enter in the website you are bombarded with tits from time to time . 
  they usually have a last page with a ( half ) naked woman on it . 
  well , bild is like top 10 worst tabloids in europe . 
  i would be surprised if they had a measured response about anything . 
  p.s : i actually can remember twice that they had a measured response and i found myself genuinely surprised . 
  it does n't matter if the quote itself is true or not ( that is why i put allegedly ) , because the idea that it expresses is real . 
  free-style translation ( not exact ) : hearing a man speak makes easy to know where he saw the sunlight first : if he glorifies england , he is english . 
  if he despises prussia , he is french . 
  and if he badmouths spain ... 
  he is spanish . 
  i wo n't enter in such discussion because i think comparing suffering of two different people like if it were a competition is disrespectful for them and , in my experience , it usually ends in a mud fight which is disgusting for everyone . 
  i will only say , to clarify my previous comment , that i think that we can all agree that if there were peace in syria , there would be less people fleeing the country , which is the point of my comment . 
  the guy speaks like if he discovered the powder , when it is obvious for everyone . 
  it is not rocket science . 
  have a nice day . 
  exactly . 
  my entire comment is an argument that germans wo n't fall for it again , not because they are smarter or better , but because they were once stupid too . 
  such collective memory is a constant reminder that `` this could never happen to us '' is something they can not say . 
  that is why they stay vigilant , which many people confuse with being ashamed or on a guilty trip . 
  learning from your mistakes makes you stronger and wiser , not weaker , and that is why it will take more than a few terrorist to break them now . 
  the first time i visit lisbon during my adulthood ( last year during a physics conference ) the thing that shocked me the most is how similar was to my home town , a coastal town in murcia . 
  like , the buildings were similar , the people were similar , the language was intelligible for me in both cases . 
  i felt `` at home '' . 
  as i said , it is a pity that two countries that are the antonomasia of neighbors are so separated sometimes to the point that we do n't really know each other . 
  i will try to learn more about portugal . 
  edit : a word . 
  there is no rule without exceptions , that is true . 
  however despite the majority of districts voting for pp , madrid is also one of the most socially progressive cities . 
  when in the rest of spain homosexuality was still a debate , the pride parade in madrid or chueca were already milestones for the lgbt community . 
  the thing is that madrid is very , very big and very spread . 
  there are very big variations between lavapies and salamanca , for example . 
  i would say that madrid was more liberal than its surroundings , in any case . 
  anyway , i was thinking in my city , munich , which is extremely different from the rest of bayern , or berlin , which is rather liberal amid the german conservative belt . 
  barcelona , as any big city , is pretty different from the surroundings . 
  but i agree with what you said . 
  exactly , just to confuse the hell out of americans visiting the sub . 
  they deserve it for making me wonder by mississippi is always red . 
  wow , is he telling us that most people coming would not want to risk their lives and that of those they love if there were n't a bloody civil war ?? 
  this guy is like smart !, 
  then your discussion is about a false idol . 
  i do n't understand why such a fuss in the comments . 
  that pain au chocolat / chocolatine is called [ napolitana de chocolate ] ( http://www.cocinadetodo.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/captura-de-pantalla-2012-06-17-a-las-23.42.07.png ) , hostias ya .
