  but , anyway , the point is that the jail system is designed to reform , not to punish , at least in the modern concept of the legal system . 
  i am not assuming anything , that is the original idea . 
  if the system is failing or not to do it , it is another discussion . 
   well the issue is how strong a deterrent prison is . 
  for a finnish man , prison is a significant drop in his quality of life , but for a migrant from somalia , prison wo n't be a significant drop in quality of life . 
  is really prisons or harsher penalties a deterrent for committing crimes ? 
  why then countries like the usa , where you can be sentenced to death or , at least , live in prison , they have such a higher rate of violence ? 
  by your logic , poor people should be sent to somalia and rich people to jail , because surely living in jail is better than living in the streets in winter . 
  i am sorry to be straightforward , but any comparison between countries or nationalities and families is plain stupid . 
  i do not consider a spanish citizen any closer to me than my german neighbor is . 
  countries are not families , and that is the root of the whole speech of that kind . 
  about the second part of your comment . 
  i do agree . 
  that is not what i am reading here , nor what the article has reported . 
  i fail to see how anything you listed has anything to do with the fact that they were from somalia , which is what caused the outrage . 
  i think it is something related with the finnish laws , and not with the immigration , then . 
  what should cause the outrage is why rapist are not more hardly punished , if that is what finnish people think , and not about the nationality or heritage of the criminals . 
  p : s : anyway , thank you for the list , because when i read about laws in another country , i have no idea on what is going on . 
  because they are from somalia ? 
  would a finnish group of men with the same characteristics end in jail for the same thing ? 
  i am a complete illiterate in finnish law , to be honest . 
  i thought that being in jail was a mean to reform ? 
  what does it matter if it is nicer than somalia ? 
  are finnish murderers sent to somalia instead of to jail ? 
  what i can not grasp is the idea of why for a finnish rapist , jail seems to be enough , but however , for a somalian rapist , it is not because it is `` too nice '' . 
  have n't they committed the same crime ? 
  and why they were not ? 
  they already do not spend more money that they earn . 
  their primary surplus is positive . 
  the only reason they are in crisis at the moment , is because of debt payments . 
  in my opinion , they want to destroy syriza and everything they represent . 
  there are new parties in other countries , such as podemos in spain , which are in a similar line and they want to shut down them before they even start . 
  so this is no longer a logic or pragmatical discussion , is a discussion between a part that wants to do anything required to destroy the other . 
  one can see in [ this interview ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2n95hq ) , for example ( it is in spanish , but varoufakis answers in english ) , that varoufakis wants to pay the debt . 
  the only difference , as you commented , is that there are two ways , and one of them would imply a lot of important figures to recognize that they were completely wrong . 
  in my opinion , as i commented yesterday , the greek part wants a deal that would benefit greece and its debtors , because ruined countries , as dead men , can not pay back . 
  do you mean that the rapist can not be sentenced to jail ? 
  why there is such a weird clause in the finnish laws ? 
  i am an anarchist and i never noticed it , until now . 
  thank you , random redditor !, 
    while lowering the taxes for lower/middle class ,  taxes for theee not for meee !!!!, 
  the difference is that lower/middle class are the engine of the economy . 
  the multiplicative effect of reducing taxes to them , thus providing them with more money to spend , is order of magnitude higher than any the rich tax cut would make , because , basically , lower/middle class spend almost all the money they have instantly into the real , every-day economy . 
  rich people do not create jobs . 
  customers do . 
  last time i checked it , dead men do not pay back . 
  that is what people pushing for `` austerity only '' policies can not see . 
  i did n't see any anti-europe speech . 
  rather a speech based on the opinion that different policies would be better for greece and its creditors , because if greece grow , it can pay back more easily . 
  i read the proposals of varoufakis ( which are online and free to read ) and they seemed to me more reasonable than the ones we are hearing from the fmi . 
  organizaci\u00f3n de las naciones unidas = onu united nations organization = uno ( vereinten nationen = vn , in german ), 
  man , they have such nice towels there . 
  and so soft !, 
  africa begins beyond the pyrenees . 
  ( pick-up line in galicia , by the way ) saudade . 
  10 words . 
  only two left for portugol a1 .1 !, 
   this is a reminder that our societies are still very much conservative and we should not ignore this fact . 
  a part of our societies . 
  not so long ago , a social voting in ireland gave a result 2:1 in favor of yes . 
  so , whereas there is still a lot of people who said no , i would not say that they define our society . 
  societies are changing fast , and nowadays , i would not say that the `` no '' is the majority . 
  people rallying to prevent other people to have rights which would not affect theirs in anyway . 
  and then , since people do not spend because they do n't have , you have to cut more . 
  the only way to break the cycle , as shown in history , is to inject money in the lower class , who are the ones who spend directly the most of their income . 
  thank you !, 
  i feel flattered , 
  could anybody explain to me why is cameron so high in the polls ? 
   honestly i would have expected him to be one of the least liked leaders in the world simply because he is the head of the catholic church . 
  i think you are mistaking not being religious with disliking religion ? 
  why should we dislike the head of the catholic church just because he is , well , the head of the catholic church ? 
  he still rules the religious lives of many people and i prefer a man who says something coherent from time to time than a man who says nothing coherent , ever . 
  this is basically the situation : * [ german debt before and after debt cut ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wggwowh.png ) * [ greek debt before and after debt cut ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-government-debt-to-gdp.png?s=grcdebt2gdp&amp;d1=20030101&amp;d2=20151231&amp;type=line ) seriously . 
  the current situation is nothing compared to what has been done . 
  in the article i have posted , the expert says the same , the reduction that germany had gotten , allowing it to become what nowadays is , were out of the scale compared to greek 's case . 
  5.5 bn per year ? 
  did you know how big was the marshall plans in germany per year ? 
  the usa basically rebuilt the german car industry from the ashes ( literally , since the factories were all destroyed ) , for example . 
  edit : some past tenses were badly written . 
  the problem is , when the euro was created , that was the plan . 
  unified currency , unified fiscality and unified banking the tsunami caught us in the middle of the process , and now it is to hard to keep pushing forward . 
  that is why at the very beginning of the crisis , those two other points were still in the debate , but now you wo n't hear them anymore . 
  a currency union is dangerous without the other three aspects . 
  we are speaking about one order of magnitude more . 
  and that is only a lend , so greece has to give it back , which solves nothing , because they are getting debt to pay debt as this moment . 
  their primary surplus is actually positive . 
  the only reason why they need more money is because of the debt payment . 
  just by delaying the payment without extra payment for it , they would be able to pay the debt by their own . 
  i am not implying that with the current eu one can do that . 
  i am implying precisely the part of the comment . 
   the only thing that that has to do with politics is that we currently are unable to substantially change the eu in a fashion that would change that situation due to ** lacking popular support ** for the necessary adjustment in likely all member states . 
  and there is where the sentiment of fairness enters into the game . 
  and , do n't get me wrong . 
  i am not implying that germans are specially mean or something . 
  i live in germany and most of them are wonderful people , like in any other country . 
  and the same situation would happen if any other country were in the position of germany . 
  it is just that such speech has wet deeply inside the politic stage . 
  that is the amount of direct reduction in 1953 . 
  it does n't take into account the fact that nations were obligated to not reclaim germany extra money for reparations until they were able to pay , which is an indirect reduction of debt . 
  additionally , as pointed in the article , the amount of debt that germany defaulted in the decade of the 30s , at the time was equivalent to the whole amount of the current crisis .
