  it is a conservative vision , almost by definition of what conservative means . 
  again , the point of my comment is not the exact number of victims , but how people people treat differently acts like charlie hebdo from breivik 's massacre . 
  i do think that neither the terrorist at ch nor breivik represent muslims or christians , but for some people , the first ones do and the second one does n't . 
  and that is the point . 
  even if there were no breivik , the point would be the same : people are willing to use crazy people as representative of some groups whereas negate that their own crazy people represent them . 
  when the other redditor says that enlightening islam is not possible , s/he forgets that christian is tamed despite people like breivik . 
  there is no religion of peace , only religions that have already been tamed and others that are not tamed yet . 
  i am an atheist , so i do n't need to be a good christian . 
  i am just amazed how people can turn the back to their own believes when they do n't want to follow them . 
  yes . 
  i agree that it could also be . 
  but i think people knew that was happening . 
  i think that the correct way to say it , is lack of empathy , because they knew , but they do not care . 
  how is that hypocrisy ? 
  by definition , hypocrisy is acting in the opposite way as one feels . 
  people before did n't feel much , thus they did n't do much . 
  now that they feel more , they would be hypocritical if they do n't do more , but otherwise , they are not . 
  you can say that people lacked empathy , which for me is worrisome too , but i do n't think hypocrisy is the correct word . 
   why do you think oxfam uses one named child in their ads instead of providing you with some key statistics ? 
  exactly . 
  try both : `` many kids need your help in africa . 
  the droughts are menacing them with starvation '' . 
  `` ahmed has n't eat for days due to the droughts menacing to starve his village . 
  you can help him '' . 
  there are ads in the tv that are barely noticeable and others make you stay quiet and , then , not knowing how to start to speak again because everybody else is also quiet . 
  in every issue there is the photo that will be the image for future generations as representative of the period . 
  it is an image that can cause strong emotions in people . 
  so , yes , this has been happening for months . 
  and , yes , now that people have a vivid picture of some kid that could be your own kid , they are sad . 
  people are used to mobs of poor people sleeping in the floor . 
  that is something foreign to us and it is easy to not empathize with it . 
  byt when they see a kid with the same clothes their own kid , they feel it closer , and they can empathize , even if they do n't want . 
  that is why photos are such a powerful tool . 
  it is always about the empathy . 
  empathy , or the lack of it , can make people do the best or the worst . 
  i just say decade because one usually say decade . 
  people is outraged ( as they should ) by the charlie hebdo attack and then we forgot that just 4 years ago , a nationalistic christian fundamentalist killed 77 persons . 
  if we are going to attach charlie hebdo to the islamic identity , breivik 's should also be attached to the `` christian identity '' mr orb\u00e1n is speaking about . 
  my point is not based on the exact numbers of the victims . 
  in madrid , a bunch of bastards killed almost 200 persons in 2004 , and the terrorist were muslims . 
  i just do n't think they represent my flatmate ( who is muslim ) anymore than breivik represents my family ( christians ) . 
  all of this is based in the comment of the other redditor saying that there is no possible evolution in the islam , as opposed to such possibility with the christianity . 
   or are you talking about europe/the first world alone ? 
  this is a thread about europe and the other redditor is speaking about the threat islam pose to us ( europe ) , and we are discussing it in the / r/europe . 
  if this was a thread about guatemala in / r/worldnews , i would understand the confusion . 
  i thought it was pretty clear , but i edited it anyway so people can focus on the rest of the comment instead of just that little part . 
  as we say in spain , `` a buen entendedor , pocas palabras bastan '' . 
  yes , that is what jesus would say : `` fuck the poor , they just want a new flat tv ! '', 
  i obviously was speaking about europe , because this whole thread is about muslims in europe and the supposed threat that they pose against us . 
  do n't try to twist now the comments to avoid the important part of the issue . 
  in the current decade , there have been more victims of christian fanatics than islamic fanatics ( edit ) in europe . 
  check out the numbers of the breivik 's massacre . 
  is there no fighting over biblical law ? 
  what is the discussion about abortion , then , but a bunch of people saying that it is against their believes what other people do with their body ? 
  what is the discussion about gay marriage , but a bunch of people quoting the bible to `` prove '' that marriage can only happen between a man and a woman ? 
  in europe , we have tamed the beast of christianity . 
  now , we are fighting few minor , yet important , battles . 
  it does n't mean that , for centuries , we were n't in the same position that some islamic countries are nowadays . 
  go check your `` religion of true peace '' in the sub-saharan countries . 
  islam can be tamed too , and subjugated to the secular society , like any other religion . 
  did you see the photos of iran before the coup d'etat ? 
  it was as advanced , if not more , and more secular than spain during the same period , during our 40 years long far-right ultra catholic dictatorship . 
  you do n't even wait for the other redditor to make a point to start to lecture us , do you ? 
  the redditor is saying that there is a contradiction between the core values of christianity and what this person is saying . 
  european values are there , despite of the church which for centuries tried to keep us in shadows . 
  i do n't want any religion 's `` identity '' , thank you . 
  a secular society is what i want . 
  a society in which everyone are allowed to believe in what they want , but not to impose those believes over anyone else . 
  i think this massacre is , it should be , an act of terrorism for anyone . 
  iberia * . 
  i tried it because in films , it is like the nectar of gods . 
  i hated it . 
  it was too ... too ... arg . 
  and it was a good one that my college brought from the usa . 
  just not my cup of tea , definitively . 
  i would change anyone of them for you . 
  we do n't need soulless people like you in europe , thank you . 
   oh yes , we had that once . 
  i let you guess who fucked it up . 
  germany ? 
  in summary , people is too cocky for the same reason they are so cocky about a zombie apocalypse : they do count themselves already among the ones who survive . 
  they have seen too many films in which fighting and dying is sort of a heroic act ( and something that other people do , not you ) . 
  it is so easy to speak with bravery about something in which in the back of your mind you can not even place yourself . 
  i have seen the war and post-war sequels in my grandparents and i am sure i do not want to see any other war , no matter what . 
  call me crazy , but i think that being raped to madness and killed is worse than just being killed . 
  yeah , around eleven times the global population . 
  you joke about the cheese mafia , but in italy , the cheese move a lot of money and there is mafia entangled with it , even more in the south . 
  so , norway probably is the closest location . 
  well , for the first time i will say it then : thank you for your service . 
  so , because some people decided 2500 years ago that this is the way to rule the world , we can not behave differently ? 
  i hope that you follow the classic greek politics until the very end , since nothing can be changed . 
  even more , i wonder know how did we even evolved from feudalism , since nothing can be changed . 
  but now , seriously , it is senseless to try to rule the 2015 world as they ruled their 2500 years ago . 
  learning history is precisely a way to learn from the past so we do not commit the same mistakes . 
  and that is why i say we maybe should change that tendency ? 
  it is not like ignoring human rights and international law is something to brag about . 
  as far as i know , the lack of empathy destroyed it to the ashes the last time . 
  yes , i learnt history . 
  that is why i thought that maybe we should learn finally from our past and move on , instead of falling time after time on the same hole ? 
  i know a lot of people in europe is terrible .
