  and my idea is not nationalistic , almost the opposite . 
  i do n't want the eu to end or to close upon itself , but to stop following the lead of the us and begin to work with other parts of the world too , because it is clear that following the us can turn against us pretty quickly during the following decade . 
  my question to you is : how do you think the eu should react after the declarations of the us government about luring countries out of the eu to weaken it ? 
  to withdraw from the nato ? 
  something has to be done because we can not wait 4/8 years until trump is gone . 
  we would trade it for your wonderful towels . 
  it could be , or it could be not . 
  morocco is a good ally of the us . 
  i think the situation would result in a change in the speech to `` they were moroccan cities anyway , to begin with '' and pressure on spain to drop the ball before a direct intervention . 
  what i mean is that spain is alone against its most probable aggressor , so the country spends enough to keep it in check . 
  why commit to nato when you have no guarantee of being helped ? 
  i am just fleshing out some opinions that i have heard to try to explain the situation . 
  my own opinions are not worked enough yet and i have plenty of conflicting arguments for and cons in my head . 
  we should all bow our heads before him and be thankful to the man who sacrificed himself to save the humanity . 
  thank you , goku . 
  and he said that women having an abortion should be punished ... somehow . 
  have you really spoken with all the 1.1 million subscribers ?!, 
  that is amazing !, 
  it so happens to me that i am already starting to recognize most of the names of people posting , because there is a handful of people who post anything and the rest are here simply to read the articles . 
  much more than any of the redditors the other guy is complaining about represent all europeans , because at least boris johnson was an elected official , so there was people supporting him . 
  the treaty of the nato is much more than what was signed in 1949 . 
  you also do n't see any mention to the famous goal of 2 % spending , because that was introduced latter ( 2002 , if i am not wrong ) and it is defined as guideline , not as a mandatory target . 
  that is what i mean . 
  sorry if i expressed myself poorly . 
  yes , that actually would be great . 
  that kind of people do not really post arguments , just things that can be perceived as arguments if one looks at them only shallowly . 
  when one actually try to work out the logic , there is nothing , usually . 
  bots prepared to post a dissection of that lack of logic every time a certain argument is posted would help greatly , if any , to not give the false idea that there is no opposition to that ( the echo chamber effect ) . 
  so , let me see if i understand . 
  there has been a constant campaign of vilification of the eu , the member states and the citizens in the uk leading to the referendum . 
  comments of johnson and farage saying outrageous things day after day . 
  and , suddently , the citizens of the eu are the baddies because they respond ? 
  you do not get to play the offended person card . 
  it is more complex than that . 
  in marketing there are plenty of details to take into account , such as things like beautiful people are unconsciously trusted more by other people . 
  i am not an expert by any means , but i have read a bit about the art of marketing and there are thousands of studies that people use to manipulate other people to the point that it truly feels like magic , because one never notices any of that subtle manipulation . 
  that is the oldest trick in the book . 
  if you have a bad argument to defend a position , use a fallacy to compensate for that . 
  you see it all day long in reddit . 
  `` i am actually a ... , so i am blindly against of people like me , but i wo n't give any more arguments '' or `` you are wrong , i studied ... , but even with that i wo n't provide any source that could easily refute your argument '' . 
  at some point , the us has to be considered a hostile nation that is trying to destroy our continent . 
  the cabinet has said it themselves , they want the eu in pieces so it is easier to manipulate . 
  spain will have to fight its own war by itself . 
  the only direct military threat to spain is morocco and they threat basically ceuta and melilla , which are excluded from the umbrella of protection of the nato . 
  the nato target is a suggestion , not a mandatory target . 
  ~ ~ it is defined as such in the treaty . ~ ~ edit : to prevent further misinterpretation , the 2 % is not mentioned in the original treaty signed in 1949 . 
  when it was introduced , it was introduced as a guideline . 
  call it a part of the treaty or not , but that does n't change . 
   i know . 
  it looks ridiculous at every stage . 
  sorry , i did not understand the comment and i thought it was a serious question , but i agree . 
  it is like the russian joke `` we believed to have reached rock bottom , but someone knocked from below '' . 
  he ca n't , because it is the us who is using illegal subventions for farmers . 
  that is why the us is paying brazilian cotton farmers . 
  brazil was big enough to denounce the us and win , but instead of removing the subventions , the us agreed to pay subventions to brazilian cotton farmers too , so us cotton could keep flooding the american continent . 
  but i guess it is the eu 's fault , like always . 
  the dotted line is the prediction of the imf on the written date as for the future of the economy . 
  the black line is the real gdp growth . 
  that is why even the imf has softened its position on `` raw austerity for greece '' , because that is as far as they can go without admitting that their recipe was indeed a recipe for disaster . 
  if you want to know more about the real effect of austerity , with real arguments by a real economist , here is a very good albeit long video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jquhsqxxsjm and here an article , speaking about why the a us crisis has affected more the eu than the us : http://piketty.blog.lemonde.fr/2016/02/27/2007-2015-such-a-long-recession/, 
  they have been doing what told for a decade . 
  the only time they did n't was for two months after the election of syriza . 
  this is , however , the effect of the `` plan '' designed for greece : https://mishgea.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/imf-growth-forecast-vs-reality.png `` follow the prescription and you will be good . 
  do not mind that loss of 30 % of the economy , doing even more damage to the economy is what you have to do at this moment '' . 
  tomorrow the meps will vote on it . 
  today it was backed by inta . 
  https://twitter.com/ep_trade/status/823826872480002048 i was listening yesterday a debate about it and i actually learned a few things that changed my perception about parts of ceta . 
  i prefer the real facts , that is why i thank corrections . 
  reduce 60 % of the debt and restructure the rest . 
  more like growth to pay the debt . 
  austerity , when sensibly done , cut down unnecessary corners , but it is not aimed to create growth and , when overdone , actually hinders it . 
  one uses austerity during the good times , not during the a slump , or you enter in a downwards spiral . 
  thank you very much for the correction . 
  i hate to not have my facts straight . 
  anyway , you had a nice , peaceful revolution . 
  the closest thing we had was the 23f , the date of the failed coup of tejero . 
  out of curiosity , is there any group in portugal that still defend the dictatorship period ? 
  why would a voter from die linke vote for merkel instead of schulz ? 
  honest question . 
  i am not aware of any position in which the former is closer to die linke than the last . 
  mass immigration and security might your top priorities . 
  25 % of unemployment , ten decades of austerity and no future is the top priority for other people . 
  i am on the boat that social problems related with bad economic performance are way more important , but who knows . 
   the big difference is we ended up in a fascist dictatorship . 
  same with spain , but at least you took your dictator out during the revolu\u00e7\u00e3o dos cravos . 
  ours died in his bed and there are still people who defend him . 
  i agree with what you said , specially the last part of your second paragraph . 
  one decade after the whole austerity thing , the eu is lagging a lot with respect to other markets , such as the us , because there was never an organized tackle down to fundamental problems of the union , simply because it was not possible to sell it politically to local voters . 
  hopefully , this brexit thing will finally put an end to it : either solutions for the eu or the dissolution of the eu . 
  we can not postpone this anymore . 
   breakfast is an opportunity to pull europe closer together , i agree , people understand each other more easily after a nice meal . 
  you clearly do n't know what 200-300 years mean . 
  not even 100 years ago you would have been in trial for treason just for suggesting that france and germany could be in the same union , sharing the same currency and being fancy friends . 
  300 years ago , the us was n't even the us yet . 
  history change in a matter of decades sometimes from unsuspected causes . 
  it is simply absurd to say something about what is going to be in 300 years , when you will be probably wrong predicting how the world is going to be in 30 years . 
  the eu and canada are in negotiations about the ceta . 
  now that the us wants to renegotiate nafta , canada is probably looking for new markets as much as possible , to minimize the possible damages . 
  i do n't know if that is `` getting closer to canada '' for the us , to be honest . 
  as for the uk , all in all , the eu is still a bigger market for canada , both for imports and exports , than the uk alone , and the eu is not threatening to become a tax heaven ( which would be catastrophic for canada , in case of a trade agreement ) .
