  there is that continuous `` struggle '' in the internet between those who call football to the american football or to football association ( what you referred as soccer ), 
  any decent football fan would call football `` soccer '' . 
  not even a non-fan ( like myself ) !, 
  for goodness shake , you are european . 
  behave like one !, 
  i do n't hate us citizens . 
  it is just that the news are coped with the dumbest ones , so i hate those . 
  not a general thing , tho . 
  when i was considering to go to travel to the us for some years , my biggest fear by far was the health insurance . 
  no way i want to go there knowing that a bad fall could mean bankruptcy . 
  it has been confirmed , sadly , for an american friend of mine . 
  thankfully she is not broke , but she has suffered a very hard blow to her finances and those of her family . 
  i just went to nyc , so i can not tell . 
  i do n't mind , as long as they do n't pretend to know everything about my country without living here for a while . 
  i just dislike people trying to be the wittiest . 
  but i would consider it nice . 
  although spanish-american sounds weird and there are n't many . 
  spain . 
  we have all you want : from some of the best beaches in the world ( according to [ the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/travel/2007/feb/16/beach.top10 ) , the beach of rodas in the cies islands is the best beach in the world . 
  i prefer the nudist beach next to it , because it is not so full ) to wonderful mountains , amazing food , a lot of history , some of the best museums in the world , etc, 
  i studied physics in a very highly ranked german university . 
  my exams here were around one hour and a half and three or four pages of exam . 
  and the curving is a thing at least in the universities in the south , which are the ones i know . 
  it is gdp per capita which , i agree , displays a wrong picture for very skewed distributions . 
  that is british class for you . 
   ** private ** hospital i think i know why . 
  spain is a clear case on how `` privatization '' of a public service which is working will always go wrong . 
  ranked top 3rd-4th of the whole world when it was almost completely public . 
  now it is going down in the ranks like a hecking stone since we begun with the privatization and the externalization of the services.if your system ranks so well in terms of efficiency , you do not change it . 
  why ? 
  because some people had a lot of money to earn at the cost of the system . 
  no wonders how many of our politicians have actions in private health companies . 
  i , for one , hope that bernie sanders becomes the next us president . 
  i think some of his ideas are very good and if he can change the country , that will also affect the rest of the world positively . 
  if you elect trump , however ... 
  football , hands down . 
  i mean , it is not even close . 
  people watch a lot of basketball , f1 , motos , etc but when there is a spain 's match in a wc , the country literally stops . 
  and then , the party . 
  it is just in another level with respect to the rest of sports . 
  not only that . 
  research is not so much done in the university but in research centers which are in relations with the universities . 
  i do n't know . 
  i studied in an spanish university and then in a german university and i had no problem adapting or with lacking knowledge . 
  i considered the german system so much less punishing than the spanish system , just because they normalize the marks , so they take into account if the exam was very difficult . 
  in spain , if 90 % of the people fail , they fail . 
  in the german system , at least in the uni i studied , they would normalize it . 
  additionally , the exam system is very different . 
  in germany , time is very short and the exams are long but have easy questions . 
  in spain , you have two questions and three-four hours , but the questions are hard and not straightforward with what you have learnt in the class . 
  that is why so many erasmus fail in the first semester : they tend to think that the level of the exam is the same as the level of the exercises in class so they get overconfident and it is not , at all . 
   i do n't get how those rankings are useful . 
  they try to rank the research output . . for bachelor and master students this is pretty useless to know . 
  i always thought the same . 
  i , myself , have had some professors who were amazing researcher staff and awful at teaching and the exact same opposite , some of the most memorable professors were just `` meh '' researchers . 
  additionally , having studied in a `` just ok '' university according to the ranking , i went to a german university , which is way higher in most of them and i was doing more than fine . 
  at the end of the day , to teach the basics of quantum physics to the students i deem more important that you know how to explain yourself instead of being amazing at researching or something like that . 
  if you are speaking about basque language , i would like to remark you that the language is way older than spanish or english , and has n't been much influenced by any . 
  basque language is actually a very interesting and fascinating language . 
  it was the language spoken by jesus , actually . 
  with texan accent to be more precise . 
  probably a greenish party would reduce the amount of taxes on electric vehicles , because , you now , they are greener than diesel . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  i understood it incorrectly . 
  or isolate , you know . 
  as an immigrant from spain in germany , mixing with the german society is hard and i am thankful that at the very beginning , i was able to speak in english with most people . 
  otherwise i would have just stuck with the other spaniards in some kind of `` little spain '' . 
  one does not learn a language as an adult by being drown in the language . 
  actually , anyone who teaches or has ever tried to learn a foreign language , will tell you that this is the most effective way for someone to desist in their effort . 
  they should translate the grundgesetz from hochdeutsch to deutsch , to be honest . 
  this is actually very good for the independentism , since now mas is out of the problem ( cup would never vote for mas as president ) . 
  if the spanish government would be able to choose , they probably would n't want to take the change of making mas a martyr . 
  * imputed * is not the same as charged in spanish law , tho . 
  * imputed * or whatever is the word in english , is the previous step to be charged , when the judge considers your possible implications and if those implications could lead to charges , in which case you are charged and judged in a fair trial . 
  in summary , imputed is closer to investigated or accused than to charged . 
  this is europe . 
  here liberal means right wing economically speaking . 
  ciudadanos is undoubtedly a right wing party . 
  and , anyway , liberal economy is what make spain enter in the current crisis ( both pp and psoe have basically applied liberal policies , starting with the new law of the floor ) , so i would like a bit of left-wing treatment for the change , please . 
   `` right wing '' than `` left wing '' because they are definitively right wing and not left wing . 
  they even define themselves as so . 
  i think being liberal economically speaking is pretty much our definition of `` right wing '' stands of economics ... 
  that is kinda different . 
  greece agreed to not ask for german reparations after the war in order to lower the economical burden on the german society . 
  they then saw how nobody was willing to do the same for them and asked for that back . 
  should they have asked ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but the fact is that they had the right to claim reparations of war and they did n't . 
  so it is not the same . 
  actually , the conscription was voluntary . 
  so , in fact , many of them enrolled to kick italians ' and germans ' asses , risking their lives . 
  in a federal state , the federal government has also the last word . 
  unless you are actually referring to madrid and not as metonymy of the spanish government , in which case , it makes no sense , because madrid as an autonomous community has no extra power over any region . 
   well , accept that the cataolonains are a people different from spain . 
  in the very same constitution it is recognized that spain is a country formed by different nationalities . 
  in fact , when people speaks about `` catalans vs spaniards '' i do n't get who are the spaniards ? 
  the galicians ? 
  the basques ? 
  the andalusians ? 
  the people from madrid ?
