  both eu and the uk will try to increase ties with canada now that us seems to be trying to isolate itself . 
  if that is what you think it 's going to happen , you do you !, 
  good luck !, 
  and you will get a balanced deal that will also benefit the eu . 
  what you can not ask for , like many do , is to have the same perks you had before and none of the obligations . 
  you are the ones trading free access to the common market for control over immigration , so do n't try to put the pin that on us being punitive for not `` letting you in '' , like may and her cabinet complained the other day . 
  trump and congress can have all the power they want , but they still can not change reality , in the same way that mauritania can not pass a bill `` to stop being poor '' . 
  as i said , saying a figure of trade imbalance is meaningless for anything else than just that . 
  you comment assume that the us could take on the whole supply change needed to fabricate the own goods that they sell . 
  finally , consumer pattern can be curved by government , but not controlled . 
  the uk had a decent free trade agreement . 
  it was called eu membership with unmatched privileges . 
  the uk is the one that wanted and created this situation . 
  as we all should do . 
  the difference is that many times , they follow through . 
  in other countries , they make the plans to make the plans , everybody receive money and a pat in the back for the good planing and nothing is done . 
  and in spain . 
  augusto pinochet , the chilean dictator , was judged by baltasar garz\u00f3n in spain . 
  he was arrested in london , six days later , but he was released and allowed to go back to chile , where he was judged again ( but never entered in jail , because he was deemed too old ) . 
  honest question . 
  is the denomination of czechia a thing ? 
  i have seen it lately , instead of czech republic and i wonder if that corresponds to a trend in the real world of discussion about the name , or something like that . 
  because they are but a parody of the movement they think they are fighting . 
   meduza , a russian incidentally , medusa is jellyfish in spanish . 
  i think we are finding a trend here . 
  i thought the un had eradicated wordart , like polio . 
  i guess this is one of the samples that is kept under lock in research labs . 
  the_donald was created because that kind of people are very politically correct and need their safe spaces , since they do n't want to be challenged . 
  the most politically correct phrase ever is `` everyone has an opinion and all opinions are equally valid '' . 
  everybody feels entitled to one opinion , no matter how oblivious can one be to the topic , and such opinion `` must be respected '' . 
  no , they are not . 
  that is pc bullshit . 
  opinions are now facts . 
  `` will lose '' , like if those trades would disappear overnight because trump wants it . 
  trade connections are more complex than `` i sell you stuff , i buy you stuff , but i can stop whenever i want '' . 
  quite often , to create and sell your stuff , you first have to buy other components . 
  supply chains , resources , technology , man power , ... that is not going to change . 
  also to be so drunk constantly that you forget about that . 
  i was against tipp . 
  i have no idea about ttp . 
  i am still forming my opinion about ceta . 
  all different trade agreements and i have different opinions about every one of them . 
  i preferred when we called them with the correct term : bullshit . 
  i disagree with many of her positions since the very beginning but one has to recognize that she is a serious politician , even if you do n't agree with her . 
  her numbers are undeniably good , for disgrace of my own political opinion . 
  if i am not wrong , in sweden they consider rape what in many other countries is only considered sexual assault . 
  also , if it is a case of repeated incidence ( for example , a man rapes his wife for two months before she decides to denounce him ) , each single instance is a different case of rape , so in other countries it would be one case , in sweden it is 10 or 15 or whatever the number . 
  also , they take the protection of the victim much more seriously , which cause more people to come forward and denounce , where in other countries , that same people would remain silent out of fear from retribution or public shaming . 
  all in all , the us is light years away from sweden in this topic . 
  here you have them . 
  http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/germany/united-states/crime germany : 94.45 rapes per million . 
  united states : 274.04 rapes per million . 
  in case you do n't know how to interpret that , it means that the rape ratio in the us is three times as much as in germany . 
  if you just go down the statistics , you will see that in fact the us is one of the most , if not the most , violent country in the `` west world '' . 
  they have been trying to contact them since the elections , months ago . 
  what merkel says resonates more in spain and spanish media than what may or trump may say , that i can tell you . 
  she is always in the news , with the voice over . 
  well , there are theories about the creation of nation states as a unit within a conflict . 
  in other words , to create unity there has to be an `` enemy '' ( or a common goal , more precisely ) . 
  jan b\u00f6hmermann called them maniacs with wicked hair , and he was not wrong . 
  what those `` alt right '' people should understand is that , for the other `` alt right '' people , they are as much of a threat as the other guys and they get cozy only because for now they are useful . 
  the `` alt-right '' movement in europe will turn very anti-american if they ever gain enough power , since the us is the main threat for their `` traditional lifestyle '' . 
  some of them have already spoken about prohibiting the acceptance of english terms , etc. 
  after reading your comment , it can be assumed that you are opposed to any kind of logic that would make your comments less laughable . 
  to be honest , it seems that m\u00e9lechon said something which is reasonable , albeit improbable , and the other redditor tried to paint his comments as the ones of a lunatic by taken them out of context . 
  the answer of / r/idee _ fx2 is more than justified . 
  finally !, 
  someone speaks the truth !, 
  reverse sexism is the real problem in the west !, 
  exactly . 
  he is known and remembered , but not for the kind of things i would like a politician to be . 
   to protest a series of planned governmental measures aimed at slowing down the fight against corruption and at protecting people investigated under graft charges . 
  that is the kind of `` wakening up '' that we need here in europe . 
  good job , romanians !, 
  it is neither good or bad . 
  it totally depends on how is the distribution and where the spending is located . 
  finally , good news . 
  it somehow recalls me to the train station in the airport . 
  which i think is a good think , because one country is the economic powerhouse and the other is the military powerhouse , therefore there must be agreement . 
  our ideas will unite us more than our countries will separate . 
   you can see data on this here . 
  spain had massive deficits for years and essentially went through a 5-year recession . 
  bank rescue costs are not the reason for spain 's massive debt . 
  you are right , spain did n't go from 36 % to 96 % over night , that is true , but entered in crisis with 36 % and before the rescue , the debt was 70 % , 18 % less than the average of the eu . 
  after the bailout , it increased to 90 % . 
  i was wrong on that , thank you for the correction . 
  in this article the situation is very well explained , even if i had failed to explain it by myself , and it is not too long http://piketty.blog.lemonde.fr/2016/02/27/2007-2015-such-a-long-recession/ edit : correction . 
  honestly , the eussr would be amazing even if we just count the combination of the two best anthems . 
  how would that master piece sound like ? 
  we will never know , oh terrible fate . 
  exactly , what austerity ? 
  spain had a 36 % debt ratio to gdp before having to rescue the banks , ~ ~ which made the public debt change from 36 % to 96 % over night . ~ ~ edit : it was n't overnight . 
  spain started the crisis with 36 % ( one of the lowest in the eu at the time ) , but before the bail-out , it was already 70 % . 
  that is not austerity , is wasting money to save the banks and punish two times the poorest people . 
   and i was born in eastern germany . 
  you mean that bankrupted part of germany that was basically bailed-out by the richer part of germany , that was bailed-out by the us ? 
  and then you complain about asking help from outsiders ... 
  stalin also had a treaty with hitler . 
  that is a shame , because you learn a lot . 
  many people diminish those videos , or the articles of thomas piketty because they are `` barely communist anyway '' .
