  anyway , i feel you . 
  my german courses are paid by my institute of research , thus i do n't get to select where to do it and it feels like a waste of time for the same reason . 
  we spend one whole lecture in just one page , doing one exercise and wondering about men and gods . 
  p.s : what do you mean with `` questions that do not start with question marks '' ? 
  do you mean indirect questions , like `` diana wants to know at what time do we go out '' ? 
  because , otherwise , the questions always start with a question mark . 
  if it has an enclosure question mark , it has an aperture question mark . 
  no exception . 
  sadly , how a bad teacher can ruin someone interest in a wonderful language :( however , what i wanted to say is that you probably want someone who is not very fluent in english , but know how to teach . 
  in the best language courses i have found , the teacher could barely speak spanish so we started with german since the very beginning . 
  that prevents you to use the translation as a tool . 
  describing is much better to learning ( and you can use your own dictionary to translate ) . 
  like espanglish most famous sentence : `` from the lost , to the river '' . 
  native : spanish . 
  learning : english , french and german . 
  i would like to speak a better german , tho , i still find myself struggling often . 
  and japanese . 
  also esperanto . 
  and i love how arabic is written . 
   what if this is the new eu version of `` tough love '' ? 
  let some die for the greater good . 
  the death of 1,2 , 10 thousand could discourage the death of a hundred thousand ( + the ridiculous manpower drain on the countries of origin etc ) . 
  except for the fact that they already know that a shocking number of immigrants die trying to cross the mediterranean sea and not because they are left to die but because it is extremely dangerous . 
  and they still do it . 
  additionally , this statement is a direct stab to what i consider the values that the eu should represent . 
  man . 
  it is exactly the same with podemos in spain . 
  i would vote for syriza , to be honest . 
  two months in the government and they already are the solely cause of the greek debt !, 
  pure efficiency !, 
  that is why i always answer with moshi moshi when answering my phone . 
  neither foxes nor vampires can pronounce moshi moshi , therefore they can not trick me !, 
  to rephrase it : in my view , if we were speaking about abolishing marriage as a legal institution and relegate it to cult custom , i do n't think there would be a problem with the word `` marriage '' would be a problem . 
  of course the problem is the word , in the sense that the importance is to be exactly the same legal institution , with the exact same legal terminology , but not about the religious custom , which is what a lot of people think . 
  i agree with you . 
  i have been saying that that is the problem with the eu for years . 
  people in europe , not only in germany , tend to be quite social directed in the national scheme but rather liberal in the european scheme . 
  why ? 
  because in the national scheme , most of them are in the side of `` receiving more than giving '' and in the european scheme they are probably in a country which , on paper , is `` giving more than receiving '' . 
  in that sense is why the usa has solved some of the problems way faster and much more efficient than the eu . 
  when florida had its own stock bubble burst , money flowed as much as required , and with the prevention of the downwards spiral , the whole , not only florida , got better . 
  and that is why , programs like erasmus , which are very criticized sometimes , are actually doing more for the cohesion and the future of the eu as a whole than most of other programs . 
  i think that it has done a lot to create an * european spirit * . 
   i think with legal difference he just meant if they are treated differently infront of the law !, 
  i get it . 
  but that is a main part of the problems with the legal homosexual marriage in the public debate . 
  some people think that it is about the word `` marriage '' when the reality is that it is about being exactly the same legal institution . 
  that is why i wanted to clarify it , because he used * `` same '' thing * , which is precisely the nuance of the issue . 
  indeed in ireland it is more necessary , as there are many current legal differences between both institutions . 
   if one good thing comes out of the crisis it will be the realisation that smaller countries are important and can not be manhandled or overlooked . 
  in my opinion , we are witnessing the opposite . 
  i read an [ article ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/monkey-cage/wp/2015/04/09/how-thucydides-helps-explain-greeces-problems-with-germany/ ) about it yesterday and it was both interesting and frightening . 
  when i turn on the tv , i get the impression that the eu is dumbledore and germany is dolores umbridge ( sorry !, 
  it is only about the situation , not the character ! ) . 
  the eu is the `` director '' , but germany is willing to interrupt or even publicly contradict within hours what the director said . 
  it depends . 
  i am going to express my personal opinion , which is based in my own experience . 
  i have been noticing in my years living here that there are many , many people with a curious attitude towards the rest of the countries . 
  i hope i can explain it : they feel somehow betrayed by germany/the system but they do n't really realize it . 
  germany was a country very laid towards the social state . 
  however , not so many years ago , that changed quite drastically in a very liberal direction . 
  many of them do n't like those changes , but they have convinced themselves that the changes were * completely necessary * . 
  they still see germany as one of the biggest promoters of social states . 
  therefore , when they see other countries not wanting to accept the same * solutions * , they feel somehow attacked . 
  it is like telling someone that his/her self-lie is , in fact , a lie . 
  to put an example . 
  i have met many people who argues that it is not fair that spain , being such a poor country with respect to germany , spend * so much money * in social health-care , while in germany they have to afford an insurance . 
  i put it in cursive , because what most people do not realize is that , with increasing privatization , it is the germany system the one which has gotten worse and less efficient , not the spanish which has gotten bigger without control . 
  spain spent 9.93 % of its gdp whereas germany , 10.99 % , which in absolute values means that the germans spent $ 4683 per capita and spaniards $ 2808 ( i am using the data from bloomberg , therefore the dollars ) . 
  yet , i have met a lot of germans who think that spain spends a lot of money ( someone told me that spain spends * almost a quarter ( !! ), 
  of its gdp * on health-care ( [ not to mention that , actually , in spain there is a larger expenditure of private health-care than in germany ] ( http://www.cidob.org/var/plain/storage/images/media2/newsletter_imatges/infografia_grafic1/560332-1-esl-es/infografia_grafic1.jpg ) ) , which the country can not afford and it is paid by the eu , basically . 
  they can not wrap their heads around that the german system may not be * the best * always , because germany is doing so well ( economically ) with respect to other countries that the system must be correct . 
  in that sense , germany is , in my opinion , * the usa of the eu * ( not to offend anyone of those countries ! ) . 
  in both countries people is willing to blame and protest against the government and the system , but when it comes the time , most of them have internalize that * their system is the only one which works * , since the rest are doing so poorly in comparison . 
  and it is hard to argue the opposite , not because there are no arguments but because it is really easy for people to ridicule your position or dismiss your opinion . 
  probably a lot of people will read my comment and think `` well , germany is doing well and spain is doing bad , i would rather take advices from germany and not from spain '' . 
  the problem with that reasoning is that it supposes that things like the health system are the cause of the crisis in spain and not other less regulated business , such as the banks . 
  it is a problem of seeing one system as whole good or bad based uniquely in the economics ( or whatever other issue , for the matters ) . 
  in spain , until some years ago , the public health care was untouchable ( and , with the numbers , extremely good and efficient ) . 
  nowadays , on the other hand ... 
   what nonsense . 
  the eu is neither a bigger germany nor a bigger france . 
  i think the french realise it . 
  the only question now is if the germans will see the obvious as well . 
  in my opinion , you are mistaking `` is not '' with `` should not be '' . 
  the eu should not be a bigger france or germany , but in this case , it is . 
  not in a factual , definitional way , but in the way germany is playing its role in the eu . 
  did you realize that people pay increasingly more attention to what angela merkel says than what ... what was the name of one of those guys of the eu ? 
  when in greece something happens , the press take the comments of german politicians . 
  i live in germany and i do n't think germans think that the eu is becoming a bigger germany , nor they want it . 
  the politicians , on the other hands ... 
  with the addition that the marriage we are speaking about is civil marriage , not religious one . 
  they share the name but they are two completely different things . 
  the rule is simple : do you like the cite of the bible and do you want to impose it on other people ? 
  yes -  it is the word of god . 
  no -  it is just a metaphor . 
  if you were catholic , for example , once you get divorced you can only get married again by the civil way , for the church does not recognize divorce . 
  the same goes for homosexuals . 
  nobody is obligating the church to do anything . 
  homosexual couples will get civil married , just as divorced people do .
