  yes , i am sure that gays with full adoption rights are the main cause leading the rampant corruption in spain . 
  i am sure those polish orphans prefer to not have a family instead of one composed of decadent atheists , god forbid . 
  the common tactic of speak though but not really have the guts to do what is required to live up to it , which includes , as you pointed out , taking care of your alliances and compromise with your partners . 
   and such zones exist in sweden for sure . 
  the article states that the police says exactly the opposite . 
  if you are so confident , just provide some valuable sources . 
  oh , if that was your main concern , then rest reassured , for there are abundant data . 
  other countries , like spain , have had full right of adoption for gay couples for more than a decade !, 
  i am happy to help you to change your point of view , now that your concerns have been cleared . 
  p.s : i would also like to know why they try to pretend to be a family . 
  they are a family , there is no need to `` try to pretend '' anything . 
  actually , i do n't need to imagine because i know kids with 2 fathers and with 2 mothers . 
  in spain , full adoption rights were passed more than a decade ago , so we have had more than enough time to evaluate that , in fact , the world has not end . 
   should not children have right to be raised in normal family ? 
  a gay couple is a normal family . 
   because a child from orphanage has right to be adopted into fully functional family exactly . 
  that is the important part : a fully functional family . 
  that means to be raised in a family full of love and comprehension in which they can develop successfully . 
  just like this gay couple !, 
  because it is not done by them . 
  they just have to print it . 
  reposted , but always gold . 
  we are a bunch of prepotent tools all over the continent , my goodness . 
   a survey of volunteers is a `` non-probability sample '' statistics 101 , but it shows the power of statistics : if not done carefully , one can prove one thing and the opposite . 
  that is why i only consider polls of groups i know to be professional , and even then one has to be extremely careful . 
  everything else is simply a lie with numbers . 
  it is on the x axis of the figure . 
  i guess that now that some of his top advisers have been found in bed with russia , he has to talk tougher . 
  but just that , talk . 
  the actions , on the other hand ... 
  so the law is useful and a step on the right direction , and the next step is to reform the children services . 
  it is easier to hit children than to teach them , which requires the patience of a saint . 
  that is why bad parents resort to the former . 
  his stupidity is so big that it can be approximate by the stirling formula of the factorial of big numbers . 
  i thought it was the refugees who wanted to abolish it with their sahria law and stuff ? 
  exactly . 
  that guy think that we are psicopath or something . 
  i mean to burn them alive , but just to rare point !, 
  we are not monsters . 
  your comment was such a bright idea that i thought , why would n't we give the chance for the male soldiers to be prepared too ? 
  i think being tortured , raped and mutilated should also be a part of their curriculum , you know , just in case !, 
  only when you burn the male soldiers alive . 
  you know , to prepare them too !, 
  there are plenty of places in many cities you would n't go alone at night and it has nothing to do with muslims or refugees . 
  there are simply parts which are poorer and where crime spike . 
  if spain ocuppies that much space , i will assume that it is mainly desert region . 
  if spain ocuppies that much space , i will assume that it is mainly desert region . 
  in real live i would not use such argument , but sadly in internet there are too many people that do not want to discuss , but simply try to make you waste your time , because that is their entertainment . 
  checking registered time ( account for 5 hours and just posting racist things ? 
  sounds like a reasonable person ) or recent comments in certain subs is a simple screening for plenty of trolls . 
  sure , there will be some false positive , but i think that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages . 
  but you have to be gay now , i. e . , you have to like men . 
  i am sorry , ma'am , i ai n't making the rules here . 
  i tend to not like dictators or wannabe dictators . 
  you can call me bigot for that , if you want , because i am full of prejudices against them . 
  also , people forget that spain is rather small in population . 
  it is half of that of germany . 
  spain is a good country to live . 
  not only for the weather and for retirement , but many people find the lifestyle more relaxed and fulfilling . 
  the man who owns the grocery store in my neighbourhood in my hometown is a londoner that wanted for his daughter something else than london , which he found extremely stressful and alienating . 
  if you have a good job offer and money is not everything for you , spain is a very good place . 
  it is about the feeling of security and not security , just like airport security . 
  a study found that the tsa can not catch almost anything from professional smugglers . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2015/06/01/politics/tsa-failed-undercover-airport-screening-tests/index.html that not counting that a terrorist could blow a bomb in the most densely populated area of any airport : the queue to pass security . 
  and there is absolutely no way to prevent that from the point of view of current security standards . 
  the attack on belgian airport was that , an attack before the security check . 
  a new business idea : gfc . 
  one of the few things of which i am very proud about my country . 
  no , you are obligated to be gay too now , sorry . 
  we are not starting this war again . 
  so , no adoptions for anyone ? 
  i do n't understand the argument . 
  my point is that homosexuals have the right to be treated equally to heterosexual la without their sexuality being a valid discriminating factor , not that they are entitled to have children . 
   simply that it has n't been proven by rigorous longitudinal studies that gay parents can do just as good of a job as a man and a woman . 
  i do n't even ... 
  since when `` a man and a woman '' do a good job at parenting ? 
  plenty of parents are straight up awful at it and probably should have never been allowed to conceive . 
  besides that , what little research ? 
  other countries have implemented equal adoption rights for more than a decade and there has been literally zero problem with respect to gay couples that straight couples adopting have n't faced . 
   at this point , the only arguments in favor are ideological . 
  you are wrong , the only arguments against are ideological . 
  more specifically , the ideology of those who want to see a problem where there is none . 
  exactly . 
  people fill their mouths with european values , equality , freedom , etc. 
  wait , did you mention gays ? 
  no , no , that is too much . 
  you are destroying the eu with your damn values !, 
  if the eu teas apart because we decide that all people should have the same rights , then the eu should have never been . 
  i left my girlfriend because now being gay is mandatory : <, 
  so ... exactly like the lines that are present today ? 
  just read the tweets and let people laugh . 
  then you tell them that they are real and they will gasp . 
  my favourite moment is when the light fades in their eyes . 
  au contraire . 
  mountains allow to build dams and that is the best way to store excess energy nowadays . 
  how ? 
  only the eu as a whole have the power to close tax heavens . 
  france alone do not stand a chance . 
  it is easier to destroy than to create , but the great things in the world are to be created . 
  nothing valuable came out of destruction .
