  i honestly do n't know what are we discussing about . 
  i like how your comment have absolutely nothing to do with the matter discussed . 
  saying that things like topless are forbidden in some european beaches is the same that discussing the need of parents to feed their children or condoning stoning a woman . 
  this is from my first comment :  for me , our culture is more liberal and superior in respect to women 's rights , my comment is just to point out something that is simply not true , which is that in our culture there is no imposition . 
  of course there is imposition . 
  we simply have it internalized and we think it is acceptable . 
  how is that up to debate is baffling for me . 
  so we do force people to wear pieces of clothes they do n't want . 
  got it . 
   exposure to kids . 
  i imagine that it is the same excuse that they use to force the veil on women . 
  is nobody going to think about the children ?!, 
  edit : it is not only nudism or topless . 
  that was just an example . 
  going around shirtless is forbidden in many places in western europe , there are minimum dress codes to enter in many public spaces , etc. 
  there is a mandatory minimum dress code to enter in the buildings of the vatican . 
  that include things like women having to cover their knees and their shoulders . 
  source : my mother was forced to put a veil over the shoulders when we visited the vm . 
   our culture of not forcing women to wear pieces of clothing they do n't want is superior , fullstop . 
  really ? 
  just do topless in many european countries ' beaches . 
  try to go nudist . 
  i do n't discuss that , for me , our culture is more liberal and superior in respect to women 's rights , but that line , which implies that in our culture we do not force people to wear pieces of clothing that they do n't want , it is not true , in my opinion . 
   then they are free to do so . 
  not in france , however . 
  it is nice when people take the time to make corrections without condescending tone . 
  thank you !, 
  this is the price to pay for wanting an economical union without a fiscal union , which , by the way , was the objective when the euro was introduced ( monetary , fiscal and banking union ) . 
  it wo n't never work properly , and we will see it again during the next crisis . 
  half cooked policies bring the worst of both ends . 
  it would be interesting to see the distribution in this sub , according to flairs . 
  there are tens of us !, 
  tens !, 
  i see the same . 
  in my opinion , it is a national shame that a country as rich as germany makes some older people keep working in minijobs or collecting bottles , with the excuse that `` it is what they want !, 
  to feel useful '' . 
  the expression and face of some of those folk hint otherwise . 
  it is an overseas territory and they are a part of the eu , until the uk leaves . 
  then the burger will become and international border outside the eu . 
  i think that greece should have left the euro before rescuing the banks , paying the mandatory debt in drachmas and leaving other countries to clean the mess that their banks did . 
  because greece is paying for their mistakes and the rest of the ez ( their banks ) too . 
  even the mafia knew it : dead man do not pay . 
  instead of accepting a return of 10 % of the loans , we are going to lose everything and kill greece . 
  it is absolutely madness . 
  debts are paid when you are in in he good times , not during the downfall . 
  i applaud your comment . 
  i went from federalist to somewhat of an eurosceptic , specially about the euro , after seeing how the crisis was managed . 
  i understood that more than a union , we a pack of countries that will tear each other apart to gain that extra percentage that will help them in their local elections . 
  nobody seems to have a global picture in mind . 
  people are willing to make sacrifices , but not to be sacrificed . 
  now i believe that the euro was a mistake , because nobody wants to finish it , and a monetary union without a fiscal union is a suicide . 
  now it is clear for me that gibraltar belongs to the uk . 
  such a bad weather ... 
  to be honest , the only thing that seems to prevent trump from being erdogan are the check and balances , as they call them , of the us system . 
  have you listen to his rethoric and the people surrounding him ? 
  the press is the enemy of the people ? 
  judges should be thrown in jail for opposing his decisions ? 
  the powers of the president wo n't be questioned ? 
  it is not longer a matter of policies . 
  that kind of speech should be frightening for everyone . 
  the difference is that voters of mlp are not critical with her and will show support even if she killed someone in cold blood , as trump said about himself . 
  mlp is in the middle of many scandals , but her followers simply do not care . 
  a recent history of being immigrants and refugees have also an impact . 
  we know what does it feel to be on the other side of the fence , deported , imprisoned , tortured and executed . 
  proud of barcelona . 
  such a great city . 
  i guess that decades of oppression by far right dictatorshipside have something to do with it . 
  president donald dumb . 
  they , like spain , were under a dictatorship until the 70s . 
  well , you have the saudade . 
  in spain , we had a dictator for 40 years after one of the bloodiest civil wars in europe . 
  the rest of europe is not just france or the uk . 
   wants to deport citizens that burn a piece of cloth . 
   says that other countries have serious problems with things like censorship and prohibition of numerous things . 
  pick one , seriously . 
  doing that kind of mental gymnastics will cause you some kind of damage . 
  you said that `` the rest of the state is much more conservative '' while , at the same time , a conservative party has ruled in catalonia for the vast majority of time . 
  catalonia is not barcelona alone . 
  p.s : not everyone who does not agree with you vote pp . 
  i despise them more than i despise any other major party in the country . 
  if that is your main line of argument , i think i will stop the conversation here . 
  have a nice day . 
  the famous schr\u00f6dinger 's refugee : it is too lazy to work while at the same time takes all the jobs . 
  that was still there this summer , when i visited madrid . 
  so now ciu has always been a leftist , progressive party and i never knew it ... 
  germany was not the cause of those refugees . 
  other european countries were . 
  those are the galletas napolitanas . 
  wonderful , by the way . 
  but if this is a case of discrimination for a higher profit , i think that the eu should step in anyway . 
  people can not spend hours investigating all the products they buy , that is why we have regulatory bodies . 
  factories in different regions use a similar formula and similar ingredients , but not exactly the same . 
  for example , see the case of mexican coca-cola , done with sugar , and us coca-cola , made with syrups . 
  the same happens in europe too . 
  if that is the problem , then i am not sure what the solution could be . 
  if , on the other hand , the same factories make two different versions of the same product and it is not caused by a difference of taste of the regional market , but by using downright worse products to cut prices , then i think that is something that the eu should take into consideration and regulate . 
  there has to be a standard of quality for products that move around the eu and it should not discriminate by country . 
  and nocilla is probably better than both . 
  at least i am not a coward who hides behind a throwaway account just to insult others . 
  what a loser .
