  they can also just walk through the forests on the border of hungary and austria . 
  but most of these people are n't this `` clever '' so to speak . 
  they are following the crowd and do n't know much about geography or possible routes . 
  i think . 
  if you attack a police officer or a soldier , your chances of getting asylum become minuscule . 
  i do n't think the causal direction is money -  entitlement . 
  rather , asshole people get rich easier by trumping everyone down . 
  to get to porsche-level wealth it 's a much easier way to simply crush anyone who stands in your way and disregard them as humans . 
  of course not all rich people are like this , but a decent rich person is rarely boasting with porsches and sportcars . 
  ( disclaimer : this is a generalization ) . 
  this , in particular , is not really about culture in the sense of customs . 
  poor kids act like this everywhere . 
  it 's not really greed , they have no other chance when growing up . 
  how would you act if other kids snatch stuff away before you and you get nothing ? 
  of course you 'd try to be faster . 
  european culture can be so calm and patient because we have enough resources so there 's no need to rush things physically . 
  you guys are blocking trains from entering germany . 
  seemingly to filter only those people who can afford to pay the smugglers ( they are n't cheap ) . 
  care to comment on [ this reasoning ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jcm1c/italy_ready_to_impose_border_controls_after/cuoimpk ) ? 
  there were a couple of trains a few days ago that were let through , due to the shitstorm and criticism hungary got for blocking their way and germany saying they wo n't send back any syrians once they arrive to germany . 
  now how would they arrive then ? 
  surely merkel does n't mean she is encouraging illegal entry and smuggling , so she must have meant they want to accept trains . 
  that was the confusion . 
  now it 's been clarified that it 's just german rhetoric , and laws must be kept up . 
  no refugee train has gone to germany from hungary since then . 
  i 'd like to upvote this a hundred times . 
  seems to be the real reasoning . 
  and actually it 's often even more than 6,000 $ , it 's more like 15,000 $ . 
  that 's a fortune even in eastern europe !, 
  they are children . 
  this is how they get access to stuff since they were born . 
  where they are from , people do n't queue up , they have to push each other to the side to get things before it 's gone . 
  it seems there are international trains around the north-western border of hungary . 
  you may just need to change trains . 
  perhaps . 
  what law is hungary ignoring now ? 
  martin schultz and angela merkel are commending how hungarian authorities stick to eu law by registering asylum seekers in high percentages and blocking their way to austria . 
  let merkel know . 
  the current situation is that hungary is not allowed to let them pass through the country . 
  since you are more welcoming than ever , why does n't the german government let them on the trains to munich with some exception policy ? 
  ( e.g. 
  escort them with a joint german-austrian-hungarian police oversight ), 
  i get the feeling that germans deny that the refugees specifically want to and have always wanted to go to germany , since day 1 . 
  germany is now distancing itself from the huge influx and does not let refugees go to germany who are stranded midway on their route . 
  inviting people in your house with promises and then seating them at your neightbor 's dinner table is not nice . 
  edit : nor is making them wait and camp at your doorstep . 
  it 's not just about the video , it 's about the whole `` marketing '' and word of mouth . 
  well , of course you do n't need to invite them any more when they already got the memo . 
  i mean , germany is now trying to do as if these people were simply being `` pushed '' by the conditions in turkey , greece etc and are just spilling over to the next country one by one . 
  that 's not the case . 
  germany invited the people with their promises for welfare and promises for a great new life in a rich western european country . 
  these people specifically embark on a journey to germany from turkey . 
  they are n't spilling over to the next and next country . 
  it 's a ~ ~ migration ~ ~ refuge route . 
  austria lets them move on to germany , as well . 
  no plans of checking them . 
  exactly . 
  it shows how germany invited these people with a false image of paradise . 
  meanwhile , austria lets migrants pass through to germany if they somehow manage to get to austria ... http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/03/us-europe-migrants-austria-controls-iduskcn0r30mv20150903, 
  then for energy efficiency you can gradually remove the irrelevant parts of the brain such as those controlling breathing , hunger , bowel movements , heartbeat , skeletal muscles etc. , until you 're left with single small pleasure centers bathing in pleasure hormones . 
  there are no unambiguous political labels for this self-identification , that was the remark about . 
  if it does n't play , or some ad starts , try the mobile version : http://m.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article145792553/der-werbefilm-fuer-das-gelobte-asylland-germany.html, 
  i 'm pretty sure they wo n't be allowed on the trains to western europe . 
  it 's just disorganization . 
  but about the strategy of hungary , this could be interesting :  ** viktor orb\u00e1n discusses migration crisis with serbian pm **  prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n - currently in brussels - consulted aleksandar vu\u010di\u0107 serbian prime minister on the phone about the migration crisis situation on the serbian-macedonian border . 
  aleksandar vu\u010di\u0107 informed viktor orb\u00e1n that serbia fulfills its obligations regarding the registration of asylum seekers despite the fact that - as the serbian prime minister said - no border checks are carried out by macedonia . 
   the hungarian prime minister told his serbian counterpart that from september 15 a new legal situation will arise in hungary , since in these days the parliament is creating new border control rules , by which significant police and military forces will appear on the southern border . 
  this will mean that immigrants and traffickers will seek a new route avoiding hungary , so the states in the region should prepare for this situation - reported the prime minister 's press office about the telephone conversation . 
  edit : [ source ] ( http://index.hu/belfold/2015/08/31/menekultek_bevandorlok_krizis_percrol_percre/a_migracios_valsaghelyzetrol_targyalt_orban_viktor_a_szerb_kormanyfovel/ ), 
  yet somehow the us is quite good friends with saudi arabia ... 
  gulf states are not democratic , they do n't share european values , we ca n't really make them do anything , they do n't listen . 
  they can afford to do whatever they please because they have shitloads of oil money . 
  exactly . 
  europe needs to make up its mind . 
  if we take them , then do it in an organized fashion and block every single one who enters illegally without using the new , safe , structured system . 
  germans ' reproduction is not depending on money . 
  as people get richer and more educated they do n't want to settle with the boring family life . 
  they want a career , exciting traveling around the globe , self-actualization , finding themselves , etc. 
  in most of the world children are a necessity as there is no social welfare for old people , i.e. 
  pension , so you need children to be supported later on . 
  and also to help out around the house and fields . 
  in wealthy societies people ( as a tendency ) see children as burden , too much responsibility that reduces your possibilities for unfolding your personality . 
  the only people who respond to `` more welfare in exchange for having kids '' are not the educated middle class people . 
  it would only help to regenerate poverty . 
  edit : ah and by the way , there are lots of different benefits for germans with children already . 
  tax benefits , welfare etc. 
  it 's not like this does n't exist . 
  i 'm not sure how thoroughly greece registers and fingerprints them . 
  maybe they do , but i 'm not sure . 
   idk why they did n't want to stay in vienna though . 
  austria is not a bad place to go now . 
  most of these people have been registered in hungary ( application for asylum ) . 
  but now germany announced that they unofficially do n't enforce for syrians the dublin regulation which says that all refugees have to go back to the country where they entered the eu . 
  in other words , if a syrian can manage to get to germany by illegal means , they are allowed to stay and wo n't be sent back to greece/hungary/italy etc. 
  but they are not allowed to enter germany legally , hence the blockade of the budapest railway station by police and protesting refugees . 
  yes , you heard it right . 
  as a syrian , if you go to germany illegally ( perhaps with smugglers ) , you get the right to stay there and get asylum in germany . 
  but if you follow the law , you get to stay in hungary . 
  meanwhile german news show people cheering for arriving refugees in munich . 
  can you imagine how confused everyone is right now ?
