  austria wo n't even be angry , such a small country like slovenia has no chance of keeping them away . 
  the current `` we will uphold the rules and laws '' by slovenes is just for the show . 
  everyone knows that when the large crowds with over ten thousand people reach slovenia , there wo n't be any question : they will move directly to austria and from there to germany . 
  unavoidable . 
  okay , it seems to be a lot less significant than i thought . 
  they basically say they will stop the ( official ) bus transfers and leave the refugees to their own devices . 
  but then they may rather turn towards slovenia , i think . 
  but anyway , i do n't know how this would work . 
  letting more than ten thousand people wander about on minefields or along highways would be pretty hard for croatia . 
  yes they did state it . 
  but the actual croatian text seems a lot less significant . 
  they are n't claiming that croatia will assist them in reaching the green border . 
  i could only read it through google translate but it seems to be real . 
  well , it 's unofficial sources , but such things are usually somewhat secret . 
  all nice in theory , and i have to say that slovenia should n't be the one who has to deal with them , but it 's clear that the system will collapse in a few hours after hungary seals the border with croatia . 
  prepare with a fence . 
  ask for the know-how from hungary . 
  there is no other solution than germany accepting them directly from all of the balkans and * simultaneously * sealing the outside eu border in greece in a joint eu operation . 
  okay so now the man of the streets has to decide whether a given person is `` a foreigner who has illegally entered slovenia '' or an `` asylum seeker or person under international protection '' . 
  this makes total sense . 
  the us would sooner drop a nuclear bomb than let millions of people literally flood into the country without any registration or assessment or anything , just walking through in huge crowds . 
  hungarian news are referring to croatian press . 
  it may be a hoax , but honestly after the croatian pm said they keep `` forcing '' the migrants onto hungary despite the lack of a deal and hungary 's explicit request ( even using the verb `` to force '' himself ) , i can easily believe plan c. 
  edit : these are uncertain , potentially overspeculated and unconfirmed ideas : there 's a croatian so called `` plan c '' ( plan a was to treat them nicely , plan b is to send them to hungarian border crossings now ) . 
  plan c is that if hungary closes the official border crossings then croatia just chaotically and randomly , unexpectedly distributes the migrants all over the hungarian green border and sends them over by foot . 
  one busload of people here , another there . 
  now if that 's not insane i do n't know what is . 
  read it again , this is really what they are considering . 
  but anyway plan c is destroyed by the existence of a fence , because then croatian authorities would also need to assist migrants in the criminal offence of damaging the border fence . 
  also , the tall fence is like a meter inside hungarian territory , so if a croatian soldier steps over the border and damages hungarian border equipment that would mean war . 
  edit : well the small fence is basically done , so it would be interesting how the croatians would help or encourage migrants to damage hungarian property . 
  this is just so crazy . 
  edit2 : they are also bringing them to bridges over the drava . 
  but fortunately bridges are easy to block . 
  edit3 : plan c may just mean they will respect that the borders are closed and stop transports . 
  at least the official ones . 
  as free food it 's fine . 
  they probably also get fruits like apples , and bananas . 
  you can survive on this without health problems for many months and perhaps years . 
  pasta has a lot of calories . 
  it 's perfectly fine for a few days or weeks to avoid getting hungry . 
  croatian pm talks about a `` plan c '' which means , if hungary closes the official border crossings and refuses to take them , then they will dump the migrants all over the green border . 
  they can do this until the fence is up . 
  but then not any more . 
  so you can rest assured , just wait a few days and then you will get them from slovenia , not from hungary ( if that 's better for you ) . 
  that 's not possible . 
  it would need a very harsh government that could organize forceful mass deportations . 
  first , it would make people try to hide from the german state , i.e. 
  not show up in integration courses etc , but hide in their community . 
  police would have to bust into small closed communities and lock them in trains by the tens of thousands and forcefully transport them out of the country . 
  germany will never do this . 
  basically all that have already reached europe , will live in germany ( and sweden and norway ) for many years to come . 
  the only question is how many more will come , and that is decided at the aegean sea right now . 
  if we send border control units there , then not so many . 
  if we do n't , then a lot more . 
  if you put them in bulgaria or lithuania they wo n't stay there unless you lock them up in prison . 
  point is that it seems worse when seen on tv and out of context and in the general anti-hungary context . 
  it was a single case by the way , and nobody shows how police handed out [ 661,639 sandwiches , 2 tons of apples and bananas , etc. 
  one clumsy moment of organization with not really cooperative migrants ( they do n't have a british queue culture ) , and then a single video can ruin the whole image of how hungary cares about them . 
  this is the disgusting power of the media . 
  edit : typo, 
  they have to fight their way through countries that are all supposed to keep them from entering the next country . 
  if croatia lets them through hungary is angry . 
  if hungary lets them to austria , austria is angry etc. 
  not to mention that this whole migration is totally illegal . 
  they end up in germany * anyway * , but why make it so chaotic and arduous , why not simply give them a visa in greece or turkey and * simultaneously * make it clear that there is zero chance for any illegal migrant to get asylum in germany . 
  only those given the germany temporary visa would get it . 
  they end up there anyway , but they would n't cause chaos and conflict . 
  why exactly is it an eu problem ? 
  why not also a problem of serbia and macedonia ? 
  but actually it 's a problem of western europe who tries to push the insane idea that we could somehow force these people to stay in eastern europe . 
  hungary has 0.7 % of the gdp of the eu . 
  so if we take 0.7 % of them out of great european solidarity , what will that solve ? 
  by the way , why shit on the small eastern european countries instead of the us , canada , russia , gulf states , australia , japan , south korea , south africa , etc. ? 
  there are many developed countries around the world , but somehow hungary and balkan countries should just show some solidarity and it would all solve everything . 
  it 's actually impossible . 
  all of those who are today in the balkans * will * reach germany one way or another . 
  we should accept this and focus on the outer eu borders , in greece . 
  all 28 members send significant police and military forces there and defend the border there . 
  that 's the only way . 
  playing around and tossing them around like hot potato inside the eu is pointless . 
  protection of outer eu borders at the mediterranean is the essential thing now . 
  hungary has been saying this for weeks now . 
  if they have no fence they have no chance . 
  if you have a physical barrier , you can defend that . 
  if you do n't then there is no way . 
  i watched zdf heute journal , ard tagesschau , anne will in germany and orf zib2 in austria . 
  they were very harsh when talking about hungary . 
  maybe in the last few days it 's been different , since we have seen that neither croatia , nor slovenia can do anything any better . 
  and by the way just today i 've seen how they threw water bottles to people on the train and reaching out the window in croatia , and volunteers throwing bananas in nickelsdorf , austria . 
   hungary by mistreating the refugees what exactly was the mistreatment ? 
  does greece , bulgaria , macedonia , serbia , croatia or slovenia treat them any better ? 
  german media simply hates the hungarian government so they make it seem like hungary did something special . 
  migrants are simply uncooperative and force their way towards germany . 
  it does n't matter whose fault it is . 
  fact stays . 
  keep current german politics , prepare for millions of new mitb\u00fcrger . 
  it 's totally independent of who we blame . 
  germany is a victim , too . 
  a victim of the politicians and media .
