  great question . 
  hungary proposed a 6 item list , which is supported by the government , by the socialists , by the liberals and by the far-right . 
  look it up . 
  main point : protect greece 's borders in a joint eu effort , right now !, 
  edit : maybe i misunderstood , and you mean what i expect in the sense of what i realistically predict will happen . 
  i really do n't know ... 
  i think they will at some point protect the greek border but the germany economy and society has to feel some serious effects before it happens . 
  humanize them into your country then . 
  it 's really easy to talk when you have nothing at stakes . 
  do you also complain about spain 's fences in africa ? 
  that croatian pm makes our politicians seem really cultured and great statesmen . 
  that is not an official statement of the hungarian government . 
  but * de facto * you are right . 
  but actually the office of immigration and citizenship considers each case individually and a court makes the decision in the end . 
  so by separation of powers , the government can not say much about this topic . 
  but yeah , in practice most are refused because they come from a safe country . 
  their trials have had no effects ( except for increasing the influx to 5-fold over 2 months ) , but thanks for the effort . 
  meanwhile we 'll have to do it ourselves . 
  but thanks eu , let us know if you manage to do something . 
   one problem i foresee for all of the transit countries is what happens when germany finally closes the borders . 
  and this will happen - it 's just a question when exactly . 
  these people will be stuck in the transit countries . 
  i do n't see anyone with a plan what to do next . 
  you found the * precise * reason for hungary 's fence . 
  we do n't want to be locked out of the `` civilized world '' , where there is still order and be part of the chaotic world , once germany and austria get serious and forcefully close the borders . 
  with serious force . 
  you know , for whatever reason . 
  the situation is so unstable that even governments could be overthrown or could resign . 
  a responsible government has to prepare for such cases . 
   they do n't have the manpower . 
  trained , armed riot police in protective gear with batons , tear gas , rubber bullets , water cannons etc. 
  are pretty effective against unarmed migrants . 
  you do n't need too many of them . 
  i 'm not sure about the numbers but i think the only risk is if the migrants can run around and enter from so many points at the same time that police ca n't handle it . 
  but if it comes to a battle , migrants have no chance , really . 
  quotas are impractical . 
  they go back . 
  also , you ca n't put many of them in places like hungary , which has 0.7 % of the gdp of the eu . 
  we are n't a key to solving the issue , but we are great for a scapegoat . 
  does the eu stop 10,000 people per day from entering hungary illegally ( from another eu member , by the way ) ? 
  good . 
  how did n't we think about that ? 
  orb\u00e1n should hear this idea and go stabilize syria !, 
  what is the long-term solution and what is the temporary problem ? 
  as i said . 
  there is no change about who can enter and who can not . 
  the laws are there in place already . 
  it 's just * enforcement * . 
  and if you mean the migration problem , it wo n't go away too quickly . 
  not if the eu does n't want to protect the borders of greece . 
  germans only want to be able to identify with an `` identity that wants them '' . 
  they do n't * want * want them . 
  just in theory , theoretically . 
  theoretically they have no upper limit and welcome the whole world . 
  you know , practicality can not be a consideration when talking about morals ... 
  yes . 
  but austria is keeping its comfortable position of being able to criticize hungary for anything they do . 
  because legally they ca n't send migrants , so should austria/germany change their mind when the influx is not 10k/day but 50k/day , they can point their fingers at hungary and threaten to kick it out of schengen for not protecting the common schengen borders . 
  austria/germany do n't want to take the legal responsibility to make the de facto status quo legally clarified . 
  they like to keep the option of complaining about the eastern members while still pretending to be morally superior and the `` rescuers of refugees '' from the dark regions of the balkans and hungary ... 
  congratulations for seeing how stories have multiple sides . 
  still , what is happening now ( or will happen ) is the enforcement of * existing * laws . 
  no new idea by orb\u00e1n , but the enforcement of * existing * national and international law ( like the schengen agreement ) . 
  you are still treating them inhumanely , by the standards that were applied to hungary and the croatian pm was very quick to insult hungary about the treatment of migrants . 
  and this is what they can do . 
  i 'm not saying it 's croatia 's fault , i 'm just trying to highlight the double standards . 
  it 's mainly the fault of brussels ( and berlin ) for not stopping the migration at greece . 
  yes . 
  and germany again has a booming weapons industry . 
  a fence just means that a fence is necessary for border control . 
  nothing has changed here . 
  random undocumented people had no right to enter at any point in history . 
  this is simply the enforcement of the existing laws . 
  nobody is being denied entry by any new laws . 
  because now germany is overwhelmed and must admit that they lied when they said all refugees are welcome in germany without upper limit . 
  who did what then ? 
  of course . 
  why would people want to deliberately `` screw the poor '' ? 
  they just want more money to themselves and simply do n't care about the poor . 
  somehow nobody is condemning croatia for their horrendous treatment of migrants . 
  hungary treated them better , actually . 
  croatia wants to establish a `` corridor '' ( direct quick transport ) through hungary towards austria and keep the current status quo . 
  austria rejects this . 
  they expect hungary to do its duty and keep the schengen laws at its borders . 
  ( this seems very hypocritical as austria is against the fence ) . 
  orb\u00e1n seems to move carefully now , because when we close the croatian border - unless croatia and slovenia can agree to let them in that direction - all hell may break loose , since around 10,000 people are moving there every day . 
  so now orb\u00e1n will meet all the pms of the relevant countries and will also go to a un meeting in new york , next wednesday , to gather support for `` activating '' border control by using the fence on the croatian-hungarian border . 
  now austria and germany need to decide what they want . 
  do they support croatia 's corridor idea or do they support upholding the current laws with the fence . 
  orb\u00e1n does n't want to do it unilaterally as it will really be a major shitstorm if the migrants attack the croatian border as they did with the serbian border . 
  army , police and all that . 
  there is time till next wednesday ( un meeting ) as it seems . 
  until then : illegal status quo of 8,000-10 ,000 migrants coming in . 
  also , this news may make them hurry up and cause more tension . 
  west is richer , north-east is poorer . 
  otherwise the contrast is rather between budapest , smaller cities/towns and villages , not really between geographical regions . 
  except that the north-east is especially poor as i said . 
  precisely . 
  if they are so humanitarian , why do n't they help them fly directly to berlin or frankfurt , why do they have to fight their way through the balkans where they ca n't legally cross ? 
  the implicit deterrent of crossing the sea and 9 countries ( syria - turkey - greece - macedonia - serbia - croatia - hungary - austria - germany ) is shameful .
