  does it contain who you voted for , or just a confirmation of the fact that you voted ? 
  sms is pretty good , but email is absolutely totally unsecure , it 's like a postcard and man-in-the-middle attacks are ridiculously easy . 
   and we totally have to trust the guys gathering votes in all stations , trusting all guys transporting the votes , trusting all the guys holding the votes secure till counting and then trust all the guys doing the counting . 
  there is no way around this , absolutely no way . 
  not true . 
  they count the votes locally . 
  it 's a committee including representatives of all the participants in the election . 
  they can all see physically how the votes are counted . 
  you can not see physically what a computer does . 
  it 's a black box . 
  actual physical paper based counting is transparent and understandable and fraud does n't scale . 
   current voting systems already accept that there 's  1 % of votes that are tampered with . 
  from people forced to wait hours and give up on voting , people voting taking pictures of their vote on their phone to get $ 10 , people working at polling stations filling empty ballots with their own preference , etc etc. 
   you can believe whatever you want man . 
  hope you become a millionaire finding a crack in the system and get famous for it . 
  good luck . 
  i do n't have to do it . 
  i 'm not that clever . 
  but a rich party or a foreign country 's secret service can definitely do it . 
  shops can be fined for it and they often ask for an id . 
  maybe not at the time when you were under 18 , but i know it 's been stricter in last years . 
  still , it just means that they have to go to a second or third shop . 
  just a bit more hassle , but it 's doable . 
  they demonstrated how to attack the counting server . 
  just watch the video . 
  they talk about how they circumvent the verification issue . 
  watch the video . 
  they do n't need to take over all your devices . 
  most people just vote once . 
  they do n't vote and vote again from every piece of gadget they own . 
  ( not as if that would solve anything ) also , totally independent of all this , we still have the problem of having to trust the guys operating the machines . 
  since they have access to the counting server , they can patch it such that it spits out the results wanted by the current government . 
  there is no way around this , absolutely no way . 
  i understand that you 're proud of the modern digital estonia and all that , but technically e-voting it is just terrible . 
  maybe there was a successful brainwashing campain in estonia and that 's what makes all the estonians here so pro-e-voting . 
  i just hope this madness does n't spread to other countries . 
  explaining anything related to computers to the general public converges to hopeless . 
  so i just hope the whole issue does n't get thematized too much around my country . 
  that 's not enough . 
  watch these : [ security analysis of estonia 's internet voting system ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jy_phvhe4os ) ( 1 hour 12 minutes ) [ why electronic voting is a bad idea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi ) ( 8 minutes ), 
  then watch [ this video ] ( https://youtu.be/jy_phvhe4os ) . 
  in short : vulnerabilities all over the place . 
  you can put malware on people 's computers , steal the pin code , abuse the smart card and cast a new vote some minutes or hours after the original vote , replace the client program ... or attack the ( theoretically ) isolated counting server via the dvd that 's used to build it . 
  they often use unencrypted http to download stuff , they sometimes use usb sticks to move around data . 
  even if you fix these problems in particular , there is always going to be some gaps left . 
  look , this is something that is very very complicated . 
  please , listen to the experts ... 
  they gain nothing with discouraging e-voting , on the contrary , they lose enormous , humongous business opportunities . 
  security is often counter intuitive and the devil lies in the details . 
  i just ca n't get why people think they can trust their layman judgements on this matter ... 
  just watch [ this video ] ( https://youtu.be/jy_phvhe4os ) where they explain how terrible and absolute trash these systems are . 
  the top computer security experts say that it 's insane to use these systems . 
  it 's top computer security experts who say that e-voting is madness and basically impossible to do right . 
  watch the video . 
  they address this . 
  hint : you ca n't know whether the box is actually running that software or a ( maliciously ) modified version . 
  i mean * you * the voter or the supervisors that each party delegates . 
  you 'd need an expert guy who checks the memory contents , verifies checksums , etc. , but there are so so so many ways to attack this system , it 's just absolutely insane to use it for real . 
  the problem is that many people do n't know how much they do n't know . 
  your grandma knows she has no clue about this . 
  but many guys who are `` good with computers '' totally misjudge their own knowledge about this . 
  they often even implement password systems and fail miserably , without even knowing it until it 's too late . 
  having false confidence in computer security can be catastrophic . 
  it 's an extremely extremely complicated topic , it 's mind-boggling , it 's extremely hard to do right even for specialists . 
  the math part is the simplest of it all , it 's the practical problems that are insane . 
   personally i 'm quite positive that the estonian e-voting system is safe , in that a third party can not manipulate votes in any kind of significant manner . 
  are you an it security expert ? 
  do you know the system design ? 
  have you audited the software and the hardware ? 
  what does it mean that you 're `` quite positive '' ? 
  based on what ? 
  not anytime soon . 
  they are by far the most popular and the immigration topic just made them even more popular . 
  also , there are no serious alternatives . 
  the second most popular party is jobbik . 
  the left is almost non-existent . 
  video : [ why electronic voting is a bad idea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi ) , by tom scott, 
   the plan would put an end to democracy once and for all this kind of wolf-crying takes away the weight of these words . 
  what would the papers write if in 10-20 years hungary actually became a dictatorship ? 
  they used up all words . 
   and edgy teenagers gon na act like edgy teenagers . 
  look , all our legends and history education teaches kids that being a young rebel and freedom fighter is a noble thing , we have school celebrations where we impersonate pet\u0151fi , shouting the 12 demands , we sing songs of freedom fight etc. 
  similarly with 1956 . 
  what should kids rebel against today then ? 
  it 's a good feeling when you think you 're part of something great , you can fight an oppressive power etc. 
  and do n't think that the 1848 or 1956 freedom fighters were all educated professors of politics . 
  they were also manipulable , some were in it for the `` edginess '' and they also committed crimes while protesting . 
  the teenager ( and young adult ) `` edginess '' problem today is rather that they do n't get a real perspective on life , they are sheltered and treated as children for a very long time . 
  especially in the middle-class they have a cartoonish idea about poverty , oppression etc. 
  ( this does n't have much to do with the current news , i think the proposed law is actually bad and could be seriously abused , so protests are necessary . ), 
  i see . 
  i 'm not sure why even that is necessary . 
  i mean i remember tasting some beer when i was around 8 or 9 ( i did n't like it ) or drinking from the wine my grandfather made , especially as hot wine ( gl\u00fchwein ) . 
  it seems absurd to think that this would be illegal . 
  i mean , obviously abusing a kid is different , getting them drunk , endangering their health etc. 
  they use the same tactic as many times . 
  they start with an overly exaggerated proposal and then pretend to be willing for compromise and back down . 
  it 's probably designed by some psychologist advisors ... 
  if they start with an outrageous proposal , you 'll feel content when it 's reduced a bit . 
  but yeah , we do need some extra emergency powers in case of concrete terror danger , but this proposal is too much .
