somewhat . 
  but i does n't really have such religious associations as the word `` heavens '' would suggest . 
  we also have similar sayings on other days , like `` s\u00e1ndor , j\u00f3zsef , benedek zs\u00e1kban hozz\u00e1k a meleget '' , meaning `` alexander , joseph , benedict bring heat in their bag '' ( but rhyming ) . 
  these were a poor man 's weather forecast back then . 
  you remember the rhymes and know what 's gon na happen . 
  we also had things like , if katalin knocks ( ice on katalin 's day ) then christmas will be slushy . 
  of course it does n't really work reliably , but that was all they had then . 
  however , it was actually useful for things like knowing when to sow and do other work . 
  it 's easier to remember a name than to remember `` you should sow on february 10th '' ( or november 23th , i have no idea about agriculture , but you get the point ) . 
  this l\u0151rinc thing is also a rule-of-thumb . 
  you should pick the watermelons before this day . 
  it 's a personification of the rain . 
  since it 's the name day of l\u0151rinc , it 's metaphorically him peeing when it 's raining . 
  ( every day of the year is a name day of some name in central/eastern europe , originating from saints ' feast days ) . 
  i was referring to the beginning of september when the migrants were `` stuck '' in budapest . 
  you also have to understand that hungary 's pm was in austria 2 days ago and the austrian chancellor said they do n't want a corridor ( on the long term ) , and hungary should n't forward them to austria . 
  so when austria stops receiving them , hungary will definitely close the croatian border . 
  i do n't know either . 
  they have no fence . 
  sure , there are minefields , but they can walk on main roads . 
  will they shoot them or what ? 
  you see , these people will go somewhere . 
  that 's why croatia , slovenia , the v4 and romania should all demand effective border controls in greece . 
  loudly and strongly . 
  there is no other way . 
  you can toss them around in the balkans and east-central europe , but if they are here they must also go somewhere because the next crowd is always arriving . 
  bears do n't attack crowds of humans . 
  they run away . 
  also , they do n't have to walk through the woods . 
  i presume there are roads there . 
  what about bosnia ? 
  hungary did that too . 
  remember the protests at the train station where they were n't allowed on international trains . 
  just ask anyone who lives around this region . 
  this migration wave is impossible without the authorities controlling it . 
  this is the balkans . 
  such things can not happen without the police overseeing it . 
  if serbia decides , they can transport them to bosnia . 
  it 's just their decision . 
  but there is a real clash here . 
  even nationalists are often divided in this matter . 
  some are `` national-christian '' but some refuse christianity as it 's seen as something imposed on the nation by an outside power and they like the ancient pagan traditions better . 
  the most famous hungarian rock opera , [ istv\u00e1n , a kir\u00e1ly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcs0binrjd0 ) is about this dilemma , the fight between hungarian pagans and the imported christianity in the year 1000 . 
  today we see king saint stephen as the founder of the kingdom , but some see him as a kind of oppressor who forced a foreign culture on hungary . 
  there is certainly conflict between national tradition and christianity at least in hungary . 
   i assume most of them stays . 
  why would they ? 
  they want to live in germany , not in bulgaria or poland . 
  they will stand up , get to the train station and next day they are back in germany . 
  thousands of people . 
  if they are not sold train tickets , they will make a scene like in budapest 's keleti . 
  mass protest at the polish main train stations . 
  then they will shout for the un that they are n't being fed at the station and they are not being let on trains . 
  you ca n't keep them there . 
  people asked this when they bought it in hungary , too . 
  ( [ one article ] ( http://hvg.hu/itthon/20120827_felelmet_keltenek_majd_a_tek_harci_jarmuv ) ) it 's owned by the counter-terrorism center ( tek ) , the equivalent of swat . 
  but it sure looks threatening . 
  [ here 's another video of them yesterday on a highway ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp8fby3mrg8 ), 
  i 'm not saying that this church of all things does this . 
  in general , the national-christian ideology makes no sense to me , that 's all . 
  do n't be naive . 
  obviously the serbian government has a say in this . 
  they are helping and instructing the migrants and their transporters . 
  there 's no official proof but even the hungarian government said they `` suspect '' this . 
  so what ? 
  then i 'm a christian fundamentalist atheist . 
  i do n't really care for labels , do you have a point to make ? 
  do you think jesus ever talked about creating a rich papal state and a guy should sit on its golden throne in a palace , claiming to say infallible things and have himself called `` holy father '' ? 
  is this in line with jesus ' teachings in the bible ? 
  14 of them were injured . 
  but they are used to this . 
  football hooligans often act similarly . 
  but still it 's different when it 's foreign nationals attacking from the territory of a foreign country . 
  yes , and that 's why it 's been twisted . 
  just like the golden throne and palace of the pope is in obvious contradiction with the teachings of jesus , 5-year-olds even recognize and ask about this in kindergarten . 
  so yes , there are national-christian ideologies but to me this is an oxymoron . 
  old news . 
  now hungary is importing it from china and preparing to manufacture it domestically . 
  it also does n't keep refugees out . 
  asylum seekers can apply for asylum at the designated points . 
  there is no special tribe in christianity . 
  it 's about a universal covenant between god and mankind . 
  not god and the jews or god and the romans . 
  it was a unifying umbrella ideology for many nations . 
  it was seen as civilization , while not accepting christianity was seen as barbaric paganism . 
  joining christianity was like joining the eu today . 
  when king saint stephen converted hungary to western christianity it marked joining the western european world ( roman catholicism , accepting the pope , adopting the latin alphabet , etc ) . 
  christianity was something that connected nations . 
  even today , the ceremonies of catholic masses are basically the same regardless of the country where you are . 
  you can be in szeged or valencia , turku or cologne . 
  they read the same bible , sing the same songs , do the same rituals . 
  it 's not a nationalist ideology , quite on the contrary , it 's something above nations . 
  the persecuted should get asylum somewhere in the world . 
  but they ca n't pick the country or the continent . 
  maybe they 'll end up in argentina , malaysia , mexico , indonesia , thailand etc. 
  first , they can legally flee their own country to a safe neighboring country . 
  if that country asks for help from the world 's nations , they can then volunteer to offer contingents . 
  hungary will also offer places if necessary , among all countries of the world . 
  christian churches are very twisted here . 
  christianity is not a national movement , it 's a universalist religion , saying that god speaks to all humanity , as opposed to tribal religions , like judaism where a chosen tribe has special status .
