  still , the map accurately shows what it claims . 
  the polish constitution does not allow for same-sex * marriage * . 
  just like the hungarian one . 
  i do n't always take my shoes off at home and do n't care much about the mere fact of a guest leaving their shoes on . 
  * unless * it leaves visible trails of mud , dogshit or similar . 
  obviously i do n't want that , but invisible stuff does n't bother me . 
  for some people it 's a matter of respect or something . 
  most of the floor in my place is easy to wash , it 's floor tiles or laminate flooring , not carpet . 
  the reason that i do n't like carpet is precisely because it needs so much care and you ca n't walk on them with shoes . 
  this is n't typical for hungary , but i learned it like this . 
  of course i take my shoes off in other people 's places if they prefer that . 
  but it would n't directly benefit the economy . 
  if i 'm staying at home , watching interesting youtube videos , reading tutorials etc , that does n't do much , unless i decide to go and work on other people 's stuff . 
  but my point is precisely that people do n't like to do what other people tell them , unless it 's for some necessary money . 
  obviously you would n't be able to live where you do now ( probably a good neighborhood in a well-built house etc. ) . 
  you 'd perhaps have to share a flat with multiple people , like students do . 
  i doubt that you need 850 $ rent for that . 
  he now needs money to survive and will therefore either steal , beg or similar . 
  and the problem is obviously not coke , but alcohol and cigarettes . 
  i might do productive stuff , hobby programming projects , play music , work out , learn languages , math , sciences etc. 
  i probably would n't just sit on my ass the whole day , but i would definitely try to avoid the stress associated with working for some asshole boss , navigating the soap opera of a multinational company where each employee is the enemy of their peers , trying to climb up the ladder etc. 
  if i had my expenses covered , i would n't want to dance to any other person 's tune , and i suppose most people are the same way . 
  i do n't think anyone is suggesting that people would just sit on their asses the whole day and do absolutely nothing besides eating chips and candy in front of the telly till they get obese . 
  they are saying people would n't * work * . 
  you must realize that not everyone is so lucky to have a fulfilling job that they enjoy , most people 's job is hard work that they absolutely hate . 
  things like assembly line work , extremely boring paperwork and other repetitive things . 
  that 's what they understand under `` work '' , and will often tell you you have `` never actually worked '' if you 've only done this sort of white collar things where people 's hobby is their job . 
  so yes , people will voluntarily do stuff , go out , meet each other etc. 
  but there 's no way of knowing whether it will be any `` useful work '' , anything that creates value , or just `` hanging out '' . 
  but it does n't matter if robots will be able to do all the necessary `` work '' , and we can afford to just hang out . 
  not really that much ... compared to german salaries . 
  but perfectly enough to cover the non-luxury expenses . 
  rent , food , clothes , etc. 
  you may even save 100-200 $ of that . 
  of course you ca n't live an average middle-class german lifestyle from that , but it 's 1000 euro is very far from poverty . 
   like , if you park illegally in most places , you wo n't get caught for it and will pay nothing . 
  here they catch you after half a minute . 
  even at legal parking places when you just went to pay to one of those pay machines a bit further away and left your car unattended . 
  well , animal reproductive rituals and customs are well studied , there are several different strategies and not all species work as i described . 
  insects , fish etc. 
  often work on very different terms , but we work like this . 
  also , it 's not like you can clearly separate culture from biology . 
  one way is to see if the pattern is universal across different populations living far away . 
  and the protection of female sexuality/virginity seems pretty global . 
  this is a very delicate subject on the internet . 
  some sheltered people who grew up in a bubble simply do n't understand this . 
  your rights do n't protect you . 
  the first thing kids learn when starting to ride a bicycle is that even if you 're legally right in a traffic situation , being right does not save your life if a negligent driver runs you over . 
  or is `` defensive driving '' simply `` victim blaming '' ? 
  should i walk at 1 am around the worst neighborhood of my city with a full wallet , jewelry , expensive smartphones etc , simply because i have the right to do it ? 
  is it victim blaming to advise people not to keep a lot of money in their pockets in a crowded subway ? 
  somehow when it comes to a gendered issue , common sense is all of a sudden victim-blaming . 
  what crime are you talking about ? 
  do n't conflate keeping pictures you took or received with consent vs. sharing them with third parties . 
  if your ex shares them , that 's illegal , sure . 
  but simply keeping them for themselves is a totally different thing and it should be legal . 
  it is true that women and girls are a lot more protective of their naked image , and they try to limit sexual exposure to well-chosen other people . 
  if a man is naked , it 's funny , disgusting , crazy or dangerous . 
  it 's implied that the viewer is harmed by it , not the person depicted . 
  in case of women it 's the opposite . 
  for example , how does the number of camgirls and camguys compare on the internet ? 
  how does the number of striptease girls and boys compare ? 
  how biology connects to this , is that women invest more time and resources into the making of a child , so they must select their mate well . 
  therefore a woman being exposed to the wrong men can be a reproductive catastrophy for her . 
  men do n't invest as much physical resources into the actual creation of a child , therefore they can `` spread their seed '' without much cost , so more women seeing him is just good , there 's no harm involved . 
  this is n't * directly * related to the issue of nudity , since other animals do n't wear clothes at all , but there are similar rituals of courtship : the male proposes , demonstrates value to the female who then opens up only to the best possible `` contestants '' . 
  there 's no inherent value in the male proposal , it 's a public demonstration of ability , the more females see it , the better . 
  but the female acceptance is very valuable as only the best get it . 
  not revenge porn , but the valueability and need of protection of the female body , vs. the uninterestingness of the male body ( meaning , there 's no need to hide it ) . 
  yeah , spring of 2011 . 
  yeah you just dismiss it as `` butthurt '' , even though it was and still continues to be an injustice and was a major historic disaster for hungary . 
  i wonder if you 'd ever say that `` the jews are still butthurt about the holocaust '' . 
  as if saying this hip word `` butthurt '' made everything justifiable . 
  not any more , since 2011 . 
  it 's now called sz\u00e9chenyi square . 
  are bikini holiday photos also shared ? 
  what about sexual chat logs ? 
  can i keep them , or do i have to delete them on request ? 
  how about love letters ? 
  i would n't want to receive anything on such terms . 
  either give them to me for the rest of my life ( of course i 'm not allowed to share them with other people ) , or do n't send them at all . 
  but i 'm not a teenager anymore and i do n't send everything to everyone and i do n't post all my private stuff to facebook etc. 
  also , if i received nudes from someone i care about , i 'd delete them very soon , just out of fear of accidentally leaking them out , by losing my device , malwares etc. 
  i think making nudes in the internet age is stupid in itself . 
  but if you really want to send them around , then you take a risk . 
  but the other party is innocent until proven guilty : until they actually make revenge porn out of it , or share it to third parties , they should be free to keep it . 
  well , i 'm not very keen on sharing our private stuff on facebook or cloud hosters . 
  i also hate proprietary software , where - as you described - the developer has the power and not the user . 
  but that said , i 'm also not the kind of person who 'd share nudes or accept nudes for `` borrowing '' . 
  if you give it to me , it 's mine . 
  do n't give me stuff that you want to take back one day if you change your mind . 
  house keys are a very different sort of thing , because they have no use other than for entering a house . 
  if she owns the house she can of course revoke my right of entry . 
  but a nude photo is an object , it 's not like the right to enter a house . 
  the closest you could say is that it gives you the right to a realistic sexual fantasy . 
  but revoking the right to sexual fantasy is thought policing , incompatible with freedom . 
  it 's the nature of our society . 
  do women try to keep out men from their restroom or vice versa ? 
  do mischievous teenage boys cut out holes , trying to peek at showering teenage girls , or vice versa ? 
  i know this is reddit , but still , it 's a fact that in our society the naked body of ( an average ) woman is much more valued , much more interesting , much more sexually exciting than the body of ( an average ) man .
