  they never went through that . 
  they are still operating in the warlord system of the middle ages . 
  of course not every single one of them , there are engineers and scientists etc there as well , of course . 
  but the whole political system is just not ready for the system we have in europe . 
  i was referring to [ hartz iv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hartz_concept#hartz_iv ) . 
  i 'm not sure how much time must pass before a newly immigrated person/refugee gets it . 
  would * you * do that ? 
  i certainly would n't . 
  i would n't risk my family 's ( or my own ) life to go against isis and terrorist organizations . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'd bail as soon as i had the opportunity . 
  maybe you are a combination of rambo , batman and the terminator who has balls of steel and the necessary national idealism to do it , but it 's just not as simple . 
   there is a `` brain drain '' ( for lack of a better word ) happening this is true , but what can we do ? 
  it 's just how things go ... 
  what 's up in the netherlands , any refugees going there ? 
  it seems that these people are very much focused on the size of countries , perhaps feeling that a really powerful country would have a large territory . 
  in interviews they often say they want to go to germany of uk because they are `` big countries '' . 
  for the uk they also said they want it because it 's a kingdom , which they again , probably equate with power . 
  we should tell them the netherlands is a kingdom , too . 
  anyway , what i want to say is that they are n't very conscious about why they want to go to a specific country besides following the crowd and using heuristics like `` big country '' ( they also skip austria for this reason , probably ) . 
  maybe many of them do n't even know the netherlands exists . 
  sure , i know . 
  but if they are against it , they should make their voice heard . 
  because right now news show that germans are very enthusiastic and have a `` can do '' attitude towards taking these people , integrating them and proving for all skeptics that it can be done , if done right , with tolerance and help and solidarity . 
  i 'm not sure it will be that easy , but it seems to be the sentiment now . 
  it 's not really the people personally , but the mentality , the ideology . 
  we need to make clear that no fundamentalist muslims can enter europe . 
  if you make the slightest attempt to enforce religious rules as if they were laws , you 're out . 
  there are many sane people living in syria , normal people like you and me , who are just fed up with the bullshit happening there . 
  the chaos , the fear , bombing , ruined building etc. 
  but they are not used to the european life yet . 
  europe has to teach them the values of european society : secularism , freedom , humanism , etc. 
  if you ca n't accept these , you 're out . 
  want sharia courts and sharia punishments ? 
  out . 
  beat/force your wife to do stuff ? 
  out . 
  at the same time , we have to make a safe environment for the sane people , so they do n't have to resort to joining the radical groups . 
  often these newly immigrated people can not find any other place to belong than mosques and muslim communities . 
  we have to avoid creating such insular societies . 
  go to syria with a global sane-countries alliance and force them to live in a civilized way . 
  there 's no other way . 
  leaving them to their own devices does n't work . 
  there 's no tradition of democracy there . 
  developed countries must colonize these lands again and enforce order . 
  then maybe after 2 centuries they 'll be capable of handling freedom . 
  i 'm exaggerating a bit , of course , because the middle eastern conflict is just so freaking complicated with so many sides and parties that you ca n't just `` fix things '' that easily . 
  but i really do n't see any other solution . 
  germans are cutely kind in a naive way . 
  nice people and i would like to be friends with them . 
  but they ca n't see beyond their nose , ca n't see the secondary effects . 
  it 's really nice to be welcoming to people in need , but this encourages more and more people to go on the journey . 
  it makes refugees/migrants angry who are stuck for example at the budapest railway station and are n't let forward . 
  germany must officially open the borders for all refugees if they want to keep up the welcoming rhetoric . 
  otherwise they are doing it at the expense of the south-eastern european countries . 
  demand from your government to open the borders and not to make the refugees pile up at budapest train stations . 
  we are happy to help them go to germany , but eu regulations do n't allow for it . 
  germany needs to clarify its position because this double-speak is not sustainable . 
  refugees are angry and protesting by the thousands in budapest because they can not get to the trains . 
  hungarian minimum wage is 4.000 $ / year . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6652357/3-26022015-ap-en.pdf/42097ff5-231b-4116-b0cf-8a28ca316f84 ) ) and no , groceries are not that much cheaper . 
  only the rent and housing is cheaper . 
  exactly . 
  we have an expression for this in hungarian : `` to beat the nettles with another guy 's dick '' ( `` m\u00e1s fasz\u00e1val veri a csal\u00e1nt '' ), 
  month . 
  compared to the average salary of around 490 $ / month ( after taxes ) in hungary , it 's a pretty good amount , considering that it does n't even include rent . 
  you see , you can actually * live * on welfare in germany . 
  germans do n't realize that this is not normal all over the world . 
  in eastern europe welfare is just a bit of help , it does n't cover your living expenses . 
  you * can not * live on welfare alone . 
  hungarians get unemployment money for a maximum of 90 days , and it 's crap money , then good bye , look for a job . 
  how are we supposed to give germany-level welfare to refugees if we ca n't do it for our own poor people ? 
  i think they should print 50 % of the ballots with the options reversed , both in the question and in the listing of the possible answers . 
  exactly . 
  but then do n't make statements that confuse the refugees saying germany welcomes them all . 
  sure , it was more nuanced than that , and did n't mean that all can go , but you have to communicate responsibly in this day and age . 
  if the chancellor of germany says a sentence about refugees they know about it instantly , no matter where they are on their journey ( or still at home ) . 
  they ca n't travel to other eu countries to the same extent that they could n't travel into hungary from serbia . 
  they still did it . 
  but if we try to stop this and close the border with a fence and increased patrolling , we are xenophobes and far-right . 
  but austria can declare that they do n't accept them without being xenophobic . 
  who understands this ? 
  we should also realize the we are setting a precedent here . 
  the middle eastern crisis wo n't stop soon , but what if more civil wars break out for example in africa in a couple of years ? 
  africa is expected to double its population in the next few decades . 
  overcrowdedness and the crappy colonial borders and ignorance , warlords etc. 
  will cause problems for sure . 
  so then , will europe take them too ? 
  will europe become the default place where you can dump millions of people from war areas ? 
  it sure sounds nice and compassionate to take them all , and you can flash some applause lights in the brains of the leftist elite , but is this sustainable ? 
  how ? 
  we have a fence . 
  got shit for it . 
  if we catch them it 's inhumane and brutal . 
  then what ? 
  we are refusing most of the refugee claims as unfounded , but i do n't knew the latest percentages . 
  every country just pushes them further and further . 
  austria is the next one . 
  they are stopping trucks now , causing long traffic jams on the motorway , hours of waiting times . 
  they do n't let the trains through today , although they let 3600 people through yesterday , but today the chancellor of austria bashed hungarian authorities for letting refugees get on board of the train .
