  by contrast in germany , you only have to make this decision when applying for the exams , in the middle of november . 
  so you spend one more than one month in a sort of limbo state without knowing what courses you will take for sure . 
  i mean it 's good that you can take a look without committing to participating in the course , but it 's again somewhat disorganized . 
  edit : another thing about being distributed : there is no centralized application system . 
  you have to mail in your application to each university separately and each has a separate admission process , deadlines and rules . 
  in hungary there is a single online system where you select universities from drop-down lists , upload your scanned documents , and wait . 
  then they centrally calculate your points , universities calculate their minimum acceptance level and you go to the university that 's highest on your list and you have enough points for . 
  of course hungary is 1/8th of the size of germany , but i think germans really like this distributed , independent system for some reason . 
  i guess they do n't want the state to have too much control over education . 
  in hungary in order to get money you need to get a scholarship from somewhere . 
  if you ca n't get one , you can still do the phd but with no money . 
  phd students are considered students , not employees . 
  just like you do n't get a salary when doing your bachelor 's or master 's ( but you can have scholarships ) , you get no money for doing a phd . 
  the national scholarship that you can apply for would be around 320 $ / month . 
  yep , barely enough to cover rent and basics ( or not enough and you need help from parents , side jobs etc ) . 
  no wonder that almost all talented students go abroad for a phd and make around 2000-2500 $ / month . 
  reddit is not a single person who ca n't make up his mind , nor is / r/europe . 
  it 's different people who bitch about contradictory things . 
  schools ca n't easily override values from the family that kids grow up with in their early years . 
  sure , it 's not impossible , but people can go through school without adopting the actual values . 
  they wo n't necessarily blame fundamentalism for this , but the `` bad kind '' of fundamentalism . 
  which just proves to them that their own , `` good kind '' of fundamentalism is the solution . 
  our secular ideas are not universal or the default for everyone . 
  speculation again , but maybe the idea is to let the numbers shoot up for some time so we can show germany , western europe , and the eu how much of a burden this situation is for hungary . 
  this may push the eu to come up with sensible new regulations instead of the defunct old ones which were clearly not designed for this kind of situation . 
  the last thing the government wants is to have hundreds of thousands of refugees in hungary . 
  we have enough poverty and hopelessness in the north-east of our own country that we really ca n't import more problems . 
  germany and sweden can afford it as their standard of living is so high that there is enough of a wealth surplus to handle these problems ( polls show that the locals think so too ) . 
  so then what can we do ? 
  do what serbia does and quietly put them on a bus to austria ? 
  should we just break the laws and not take their fingerprints ? 
  if we build a fence , it 's criticized as similar to the iron curtain , etc. 
  we have nothing to do with this whole thing . 
  we did n't invade the middle east , we do n't have an attractive welfare system so migrants do n't want to come to hungary either . 
  it 's just once again our curse of geography , as it always has been throughout history : being always between west and east . 
  between austria/holy roman empire and the ottoman empire ; between catholicism and orthodoxy ; between the germans and the soviets ; and now on the way between welfare western europe and the chaotic middle east . 
  nobody really cares about it , basically . 
  well , sure there are a few guys who think it 's so cool because it 's american ( hipster-like groups ) ... or maybe that 's american football , i seriously have no idea what it is . 
  we know the word rugby , written as `` r\u00f6gbi '' , and i know it 's something to do with the egg-ball and huge guys running into each other . 
  i 'm pretty sure the super bowl is an american football match , and it 's become somewhat popular in the last few years , but rugby is even less known ( besides the word r\u00f6gbi , which is well known , from movies , cartoons etc ) . 
  germany is calling them practically . 
  basically no migrant has hungary as their intended destination . 
  they enter hungary to go through . 
  and if we play pointing to the previous country , we could point to serbia , which is safe , etc. 
  and end up saying that turkey has to take all , beyond the ~ 3 million that they already have . 
  germany and sweden want to express their solidarity and help out with it , which is nice , but then they should also provide a safe transport route , like cheap or free flights for them . 
  i 'm not sure , just speculating , but maybe the mandatory fingerprinting is something that can deter migrants from going to western europe * through hungary * , since they 'd risk having to stay/return to hungary . 
  information flows very quickly and once they learn about this strict legal procedure , they may choose to go on different routes , perhaps through croatia . 
  refugees can still come , arrive at the designated border crossing ( instead of climbing the fence ) and declare that they are refugees . 
  they 'll be taken to the camp , fingerprinted , etc. 
  i 'm not sure if this is the thought behind . 
  maybe hungary is simply following the law so closely compared to balkan states because we are an eu country and law is generally more followed here . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  in hungary , in addition to paying for the water , we also have to pay for using the sewer sytem . 
  strange that ireland made a flat tax out of it . 
  it does n't incentivize treating water carefully and sparingly . 
  if you pay less when you use less , you 'll rather take showers than baths , do n't keep the tap running when not necessary etc. 
   water charges were introduced do you mean water was free before ? 
  even for filling huge pools ? 
  if it was free , then i 'm really surprised . 
  i thought people in all countries had to pay for water . 
  in hungarian we have a phrase for this , getting a `` mantle after the rain '' . 
  in english , `` lock the stable door after the horse is stolen '' . 
  this is security theater . 
  the next attack wo n't be a repetition of the last . 
  it never is . 
  terrorism in europe is black swan territory ( to use nassim taleb 's catchphrase ) . 
  securing things after the attacks is a complete waste . 
  the most ridiculous thing was when they banned knives in that single ikea . 
  as if the next attack will also be a stabbing right in the same ikea . 
  it 's the same problem here . 
  `` under specific circumstances '' = if they attack . 
  it 's a dishonest clickbait title . 
  relevant part of the article :  hungarian soldiers will be allowed to use firearms against refugees , if they deem that some action of the refugees is endangering another person 's life or physical integrity , or if refugees attack a facility guarded by soldiers . 
  in this last case - reminds hvg.hu - even with today 's regulations , policemen are allowed to protect themselves with firearms . 
  i do n't think it 's strange , i think it 's straightforward and devoid of hypocrisy . 
  make clear rules , filters and limits . 
  do n't rely on the bottleneck of the risky journey with human traffickers costing 15 000 $ . 
  it 's a terrible filter , letting through the more adventurous ( or really desperate ) middle class , mainly men . 
  define clear quotas and requirements and be upfront about them . 
  the current system is disgusting . 
  nope . 
  individual people do n't `` choose '' to act according to the courts , they do it due to social pressure in their local culture . 
  those with the fake authority know this . 
  it 's not like they just give some harmless advice and are now shocked that anyone took them seriously . 
  they knowingly act as judges , which no state should tolerate . 
  i do n't care about playing around with the letter of the law . 
  it 's like saying you do n't need to pay taxes when you sell your house because you actually gave it away for free and the other guy actually just gave you free money as a gift in the next second . 
  reality does n't work this way . 
  just because you can * say * it 's just a council giving out advice , it does n't mean that 's what it is . 
  most legal systems can not be gamed with such plays on words . 
  if you operate a * de facto * court as seen by common sense , you should go to prison . 
  that 's it . 
  oh , i thought you were trying to imply that the bride tries to steal the money and purposefully divorces to get rid of the man and keep the wealth and how this all was the women 's fault . 
  i 'm happy it 's not that . 
  all these unofficial contracts against human rights should be strictly fought against . 
  i do n't care if it 's islam or christianity or scientology . 
  i 'm just saying , be consistent . 
  if you 're ( general you ) all very humanitarian and welcoming to the people who did the long risky journey but shit on the head of all who stayed there , you 're a hypocrite . 
  if you realize that europe can not take all the people living in war-torn and poor countries , you also have to put limits to illegal immigration .
