  quantity matters a lot !, 
  you probably eat more than you admit and say `` oh this does n't matter , oh it 's just a little this and a little that '' . 
  nope , * everything * counts that enters your system . 
  * everything * . 
  yeah , yeah , that too and that too and that too . 
  all of it . 
  there is very little information about these things , it 's foggy history . 
  there are few sources that mix in legends and facts and it 's hard to disentangle . 
  in general , we do n't learn much about who lived in the carpathian basin before . 
  it was partially the moravian principality , i.e. 
  slavs and large sparsely populated areas . 
  maybe some avars , too . 
   until their migration into transylvania under ottoman directive right ? 
  not really under their directive , but they just kinda came over the carpathians because there was an opportunity , perhaps depopulation , or invitation . 
  hungarian history books also describe the ottoman period suggesting that there was a continuous hungary that was simply torn to 3 pieces ( royal hungary , ottoman occupied area and transylvania ) , but it was all still kinda hungary , just in 3 parts . 
  while the romanian narrative likes to look back and group transylvania with wallachia and moldavia already in this age . 
  right . 
  it says `` sovereign , independent , unitary and indivisible national state '' . 
  now what does this mean ? 
  what is unitary ? 
  why is it a national state ( and why the need to emphasize this ) when there are multiple autochtonous nationalities living there ? 
  the usual argument for why sz\u00e9kelys ca n't have regional autonomy inside romania is that it would be unconstitutional . 
  as far as i know , hungarians are n't really fond of rmdsz/udmr . 
  for example in hungary , i do n't hear good things about them , especially not from the right-wing . 
   overall in transylvania things are ok . you will get the occasional romanian extremist as you will get the occasional hungarian extremist as well . 
  but overall lots of mixed families and lots of communities living in harmony . 
  except for all the discrimination against the use of sz\u00e9kely symbols . 
  of course it 's reasonable in their narrative , since it 's a singe homogeneous romanian nation state as the constitution declares , so any other ethnicity has to shut up . 
  also , i just [ read this ] ( http://mno.hu/velemeny/deva-vara-es-a-dakok-1336265 ) yesterday and it matches my brief tourist experience in transylvania around 10 years ago . 
  but as it seems , there is little improvement . 
  i think the most important thing that rarely gets taught is how modern our whole nation concept is . 
  we are anachronistically backprojecting things to the past that did n't exist then . 
  states were very different , nations were very different , society was different , ethnicity/language often played a secondary role to religion and loyalty to various families etc. 
  a nation is n't like a person that gets born and does things in a clear narrative way . 
  the idea that there is some overarching `` destiny '' or mission of nations is pretty silly . 
  well i tried to give it a bit of a hungarian spin ( not a lot though ) because they asked for the hungarian side of things . 
  but yeah , i agree with your last sentence . 
  the problem is that it 's still a political issue that mobilizes many voters . 
  and the romanian leadership is n't particularly nice to the hungarian community . 
  but it might ease up somewhat with newer generations . 
  hopefully . 
  for western europeans and north americans , sure . 
  average locals still ca n't really afford them . 
  germans/canadians can much more easily afford german/canadian restaurants than hungarians can afford hungarian restaurants . 
  it 's usually a big deal for hungarians when they go to an actual restaurant with a waiter . 
  usually for some big celebration like once or twice a year , maybe for a birthday or a marriage anniversary . 
  many have never eaten in a real restaurant and many have eaten at one maybe a handful of times in their lives . 
  it 's not just casually `` which restaurant shall we eat at today , honey ? 
  basically , that a lot of what you learn as history is manufactured myths . 
  but since you grow up learning it , you of course accept it and becomes part of your identity . 
  the daco-romanian continuity , the legendary gelou , the overplayed importance of mihai viteazul uniting transylvania with wallachia for a few months , etc. 
  after hungarians arrived in the carpathian basin , it was mainly populated by hungarians and slavs ( [ map ] ( http://mek.oszk.hu/09100/09175/html/images/8_nagykep.jpg ) ) . 
  romanians ( vlachs ) arrived in transylvania in the 13th century and throughout the ottoman period became a larger and larger percentage . 
  in the 15th century , there was [ a lot of migration ] ( http://matt.ucoz.hu/jobbagy/magyarorszag_benepesulese.jpg ) , and by 1495 , it looked [ like this ] ( http://www.hirmondo.ro/web/files.php?file=images/2023/14n2.jpg ) ( red are hungarians , blue saxons , yellow vlachs ) . 
  during the ottoman period , the eastern hungarian kingdom ( and later called the principality of transylvania ) was ruled by hungarian nobility and the three acknowledged nation-constituting ( noble ) nationalities were hungarians , sz\u00e9kelys and saxons . 
  vlachs were mostly lower-status people . 
  we also have qualms with how you present john hunyadi and matthias corvinus as if they were romanians . 
  they considered themselves hungarian nobility and we learn that they had cuman background . 
  then in the 19th century came the age of national romanticism and nationalism in all of europe . 
  the nationalities in hungary started to look back to their history , polish it up to make it look the best and most glorious possible ( hungarians did this too , by the way , but much of it has now been debunked and is n't part of the official school curriculum ) . 
  add to that the fact that romanians were n't of too high status in transylvania , so they felt oppressed and this fueled their sentiment for secession . 
  hungarians , in the spirit of the newfound nationalism , tried to assimilate the other nationalities but this backfired . 
  while hungarians achieved a relatively good deal with austria in the 1867 compromise , the smaller nationalities did n't like being marginalized . 
  in wwi , the entente promised they 'll give transylvania to romania ( and other promises to other nationalities ) so they fought against hungary and in the end the entente punished hungary quite harshly in trianon and took away way more areas than reasonable based on ethnic boundaries . 
  then romanians did all sorts of bad discrimination to hungarians , they artificially moved populations from wallachia and moldavia to transylvania to beef up the romanian percentage etc. 
  then came the second vienna award in 1940 , which divided transylvania in half , giving the north to hungary . 
  it was a pretty evenly mixed nationality area , 53 % hu-40 % ro according to the hungarian census , and 49 % ro-38 % hu according to the romanian census . 
  with the loss of wwii , all this was reversed and now we 're back at the trianon borders . 
  romanians continued to be non-nice to hungarians after wwii . 
  artificial resettlements , romanianization , discrimination etc. 
  and then what we have today . 
  `` we do n't hate hungarians , it 's just the politicians ! '', 
  if you 're married , then it 's quite easy . 
  perhaps also if you 've been living together . 
  but if it was something like a one-night stand or just dating , then the father ca n't really be so sure . 
  i mean , yeah , it 's a biological reality . 
  would you want to let any man take a dna sample from any child , even if they are not married or in a long-term relationship with the mother ? 
  but if you 're married , they you have a pretty good chance . 
  also , you 're always saying `` western countries '' . 
  is it different in this regard in `` eastern countries '' ? 
   i know some of my friends who are eating like total garbage and yet they barely increase in weight . 
  others do n't eat great , but certainly are not eating snacks/candy/cake or drinking soda that often , walk around quite a bit , yet they struggle a lot with their weight . 
  be very , very , and i mean * very * careful and skeptical about what people say what they eat or what you see them eating . 
  maybe one friend eats a lot when you 're out , but then does n't snack all day . 
  maybe your other friend * looks * like he or she eats like a bird , but when they are home alone they eat lots of chips and ice cream and drink coke . 
  people are also very bad at estimating how much they eat , unless they actually track every bit of material entering their stomach with a calorie counter . 
  `` oh , but it was just a few cookies , it 's no big deal '' etc. 
  and then there are people who * think * they eat so much , but actually they just eat two large meals a day and nothing more . 
  people are * terrible * at this estimation . 
  so unless you can see them 24 hours a day , do n't assume * anything * about how much they eat . 
  it would be interesting to examine why hungarians are fat . 
  on the [ 2014 oecd list ] ( https://www.oecd.org/els/health-systems/obesity-update-2014.pdf ) we are the fourth after the us , mexico and new zealand . 
  well , mexico is near the us , new zealand is somewhat culturally similar to the us ( the common language lets the information flow easier ) and the countries after hungary are australia and canada , again the anglosphere . 
  but why hungary ? 
  we have traditionally fatty foods . 
  we put lots of fat in everything . 
  hungarian soups are fatty . 
  hungarian stews are fatty . 
  we like sausages and lard . 
  for the hungarian tradition , bacon has too much meat and not enough fat .
