  that was something weird to hear in american movies as a kid . 
  and of course europe = paris , never krakow or helsinki . 
  yeah , german secondary school begins at a very young age . 
  at least in hungary we can wait with that decision until we are 14 or 15 . 
  then you and your family can usually already decide in which direction to go . 
   kardashians i saw that cover with the big ass , but know nothing else . 
   honey boo boo i have n't even heard of this . 
  declaring stuff in a more formal way than outside the us . 
  it begins with `` asking someone out for a date '' , then going to the `` first date '' , then you either kiss on a first date or not , then you text , but wait a given amount of time , then second , third dates and depending on your convictions , you have sex after a well-considered x number of dates . 
  then you announce you want to date exclusively ( `` exclusivity talk '' ) , which officially puts you in a relationship , etc. 
  things go according to a standard protocol . 
  of course one only notices this is one knows how it goes * without * such rigid protocols : basically meeting , hanging out , getting to know each other in groups at first , without the intentions being `` announced '' , just kinda getting closer and closer , meeting more frequently , noticing attraction , just naturally sliding into it . 
  or differently . 
  each case is unique , people do n't talk about general rules about `` the nth date '' or whether you have sex at this or that `` phase '' of the relationship . 
  there are no rigid phases and things like that . 
  they probably meant it the other way . 
  `` i 'm not just saying this because i do n't like immigrants , but because they did something that is disgusting irrespective of immigration status '' . 
  maybe they felt they need the disclaimer so people do n't think that the implication is a link between being an immigrant and criminality . 
  it seems you purposefully jumped on the horse from the reverse direction . 
  austria will have to take them by direct train from serbia as the alternative is a humanitarian catastrophe . 
  the individual meps are still just figures on the chessboard they do n't make decisions themselves . 
  their party and party family decides most of the time . 
  when a party chooses who to send to the ep , they try to choose the most loyal , least independently thinking , least problematic person . 
  the decisions are made in the background , the meps are just a facade . 
  many meps do basically zero actual work . 
  no propositions on their own in any committee , no speech in the ep , nothing . 
  and it 's perfectly legal . 
  the only `` control '' that people have over them is at election time . 
  so if they do n't do jack shit , they still get the money !, 
  at least they have to show up for a minute to get this 300 euro . 
  of course ideally people would elect meps who are active and want to `` do something '' , but we ca n't select the individual meps , we vote for parties . 
  and the parties just put their loyal people on these lists who are in for an adventure and a great salary . 
  if they use their opportunities well , they can make more than 10,000 eur per month !, 
  that 's extreme !, 
  it 's practically impossible to * ever * make that much money in hungary legally . 
  only the very high-end ceos make that kind of money in hungary . 
  even very experienced professionals do n't make more than 2-3 ,000 eur , that 's already a dream-level salary here . 
  most people make around 600 eur . 
  ( and no , the expenses are n't so much less , except for the rent . ), 
  this `` let 's pay them well so they wo n't be corrupt '' idea does n't work . 
  it just attracts the leech kind of people because the money is so extremely extremely attractive . 
  if a hungarian mep gets this kind of money for 5 years , they can buy a palace in budapest when they return to hungary . 
  there is nothing in the system that would motivate decent people with independent thought to become meps . 
  how many of the meps do you think seriously thought about net neutrality , read the propositions , the articles , details and then made their own informed decision as opposed to just asking their masters what to vote for ? 
  i 'd be surprised if there are more than a handful of such meps . 
  it * was * in fact a one-time thing by the government . 
  the hungarian government used around 100 buses to transport the people from the railway station , the motorway and railway lines to the border . 
  afterwards the migrants used local trains from budapest to hegyeshalom ( on the austrian border ) . 
  the have the right to visit any village inside hungary , they are n't prisoners , they decided to go to hegyeshalom . 
  then the others were transported to refugee processing camps in k\u00f6rmend and szentgotth\u00e1rd , which also happen to be at walking distance from austria , and somehow most ^ all of them decided to skip the hungarian camp and just walk to austria illegally , which is an unfortunate thing , but what can you do ... 
  so now hungary protects its southern borders and you can try to criticize this approach as well but then how do you also criticize letting them further , into austria ? 
  they should be let into hungary but not into austria ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  freedom fight is not like this romantic ideal you see in movies and hear in patriotic songs . 
  most of the time there is no real power to support . 
  you could say `` well they should then organize a new revolutionary force '' but for that you need money , organization , power , etc. 
  and to get these things you need to have contacts , make the right allies , etc. 
  there are no pure humanistic idealistic democratic forces you could join . 
  these countries are little chessboards for the great powers ' proxy wars . 
  your random student from kabul wo n't liberate afghanistan with his own revolution . 
  the `` emergency situation '' referred to people walking on a motorway and sleeping in the dark which endangers their lives . 
  it would have taken more than a week for them to walk all the way to austria . 
  hungary could have either sent in the police and force the migrants into police trucks and lock them up in prison-like camps or let them walk and paralyze the motorway between budapest and vienna . 
  at this point many germans will say `` but hungary should just treat them better and they would not want to leave '' which is utter bullshit as you can now see they want to leave austria , croatia and slovenia as well because they specifically want to go to germany ( for various reasons ) and these other eastern countries ( and austria ) are just uninteresting transit countries where they never even considered to stay . 
  they can still track you using your ip , your operating system and browser ( with the precise versions ) , your screen resolution , etc. 
  there are many methods that they use in combination and it 's like a robust fingerprint . 
  of course you can start to fight this by configuring a fake user agent field etc , but it 's an arms race . 
  paying so much attention to this just out of principle is impractical on an everyday level . 
  i use google maps through the web interface or alternatively the open source and offline osmand . 
  i do n't buy music where they do n't give me drm-free files . 
  and when i have music files , i just physically transfer those to the phone . 
  the microsd card has plenty of space to store it . 
  i like to feel i know what 's on my phone and that i do n't depend much on nebulous `` cloud '' services and i like to have my things physically stored on my devices , preferably in standard transparent file formats . 
  using cm in this way is a very clean experience in the sense that there are no unexpected nagging notifications , ads , not uninstallable bloatware etc. 
  in the list of installed apps i know each one , i know when an app tries to read my stuff ( contacts etc ) . 
  the main feature of a smartphone over a dumb phone is the browser and email for me . 
  in comparison , i use the other stuff rarely . 
  i think that the web is already a platform , we should n't have to install separate apps for every little thing . 
  ( see https://xkcd.com/1367/ and https://xkcd.com/1174/ ), 
  you 've got the order of things mixed up . 
  it 's how legends form , but today everything is recorded and news can be looked up in seconds . 
  germany announced not applying dublin for syrians at the end of august . 
  this made the migrants excited and they left the camps and stormed the railway station in budapest and protested there with merkel 's picture and demanded to be let to germany . 
  there was a lot of confusion in the hungarian government as to what to do . 
  a train was let through , then germany complained , then hungary closed the station , stopped all international trains for days , migrants stayed and camped and protested still , and then more than a thousand of them started marching on the motorway on foot . 
  this was the day when hungary said okay germany you ca n't play like this that nothing is good . 
  if we keep them in hungary it 's cruel , if we let them to austria it 's passing on the problem . 
  so the hungarian diplomacy called the austrian chancellor and he called merkel and they decided to accept the migrants from hungary . 
  and they are still accepting them ever since , even though now hungary is not on the route any more . 
   i 'm curious what your experience with cm is without gapps . 
  i do n't install all the new flashy apps . 
  i use phone , sms , web , email , camera , music player , a notepad-like app and whatsapp . 
  i ca n't think of anything else i 'd need . 
  why do you think it would be cumbersome ? 
  he does n't use websites with non-free javascript code , does n't view videos in proprietary formats , he browses the web by sending an email to a daemon that uses wget and sends the html file back as an email , etc etc. 
  he does n't use a cell phone or a credit card either . 
  basically he sticks to his principles and in practice it means giving up on the usual habits that most people have ( like watching youtube videos , using google maps , google translate , facebook , buying stuff online , being available for calling etc. ) . 
  sure , you can do that and it 's a legitimate choice . 
  but other people are more flexible with their principles and simply do n't know/don ' t care about higher abstract goals , freedom , privacy , etc. , and practical convenience trumps these things for them . 
  i , personally , use youtube , google maps and facebook .
