  or for that matter when ( some fringe theorist ) hungarians claim to be descended from scythians or etruscans . 
  i 'm sure turkey , jordan and lebanon would be more than happy to let german authorities to the camps or build new camps for processing applications to germany . 
  these countries are overwhelmed and host millions of refugees . 
  they 'd love if someone would ease their situation and take away a part of them . 
  you said `` we can not safely provide any kind of assistance to those still in syria . '', 
  that 's not true because you can open the embassies for asylum applications . 
  this is the case . 
  you say you do n't have the capacity for it , so you do n't want to . 
  then shut off the eu border and call it a day . 
  provide return trains and humanitarian aid for those already on the way . 
  i know these things are not practical . 
  but i 'm really out of any possible ideas . 
  meanwhile the media scolds hungarian authorities as if it were their fault ... 
  german embassies in turkey and the middle east . 
  is it better if the migrants have to cross 8 countries on foot and in smuggler trucks ? 
  or if germany does n't want to do that , then what 's the reason ? 
  now use the same reason to seal the eu border airtight and send everyone back with special trains . 
  i 'm not saying we have to take them nor that we have to send them back . 
  i 'm just pointing out the discrepancy and hypocrisy . 
  not just s and u. 
  compare the g , d , b , l , s , y , u. 
  only the o and the e are similar . 
   but that 's not true maybe not today . 
  but the time will come . 
  you know , europe ca n't take all the people from the world who are treated like shit all around the world , but they will keep coming ( understandably ) . 
  the point is , if you give every refugee the same eu welfare regardless whether they are hosted by sweden or bulgaria , then those in bulgaria will get more benefits than many of the local workers . 
  how long before the locals get really angry at such a system ? 
  no he did n't say those things . 
  you are using the slippery slope argument . 
  what he said is true . 
  a state must give priority treatment to its citizens . 
  did your parents ( legal guardians ) give you priority treatment when you were a child or did they treat you equally with your classmates ? 
  open the embassies for asylum applications . 
  let people board planes towards germany after asylum application . 
  simple . 
  2018 is too far . 
  many things can happen till then , including the creation of new parties . 
  he had probably consulted with them before about what he 's allowed to say . 
  how can you quit a continent ? 
  will ben linus come and move the island ? 
  it 's to be expected if they have to go through 8 countries illegally , with smugglers , under harsh conditions . 
   returning illegal immigrants germany does n't want to allow this as it 's not seen as humanitarian . 
  but it 's very humanitarian to leave everyone in the middle east or turkey who can not make a dangerous and expensive journey passing through eight countries . 
  also , the eu border is just too far from their doorstep . 
  now that they accepted a part of the refugees in hungary , even the boss of bavaria ( csu ! ), 
  says it 's a lot and merkel should n't have let them in . 
  i can not give much opinion about it . 
  the iceberg problem makes such estimations very hard . 
  i do think this issue is way overrepresented on reddit , compared to its actual impact on social matters around the world . 
  but whatever the people upvote is holy . 
  i still think that `` exotic '' minorities are often held up by armchair upvote-activists and like-activists . 
  i have no problem with transgender people , they are the way they are , none of anyone 's business ; but they are being used for a lot of cheap clickbait and as a litmus test of being progressive enough or not ... 
  i agree that communication was atrocious . 
  and nobody can really know what authorities were thinking . 
  for example with the train that stopped at the camp , maybe - speculation - they thought this is the only way to transport them there , because otherwise they 'd not comply , so they tricked them . 
  but that does n't really make sense , since the camps are open and nobody can be forced to stay there anyway . 
  i think authorities also underestimated how much refugees will insist on what they want . 
  they are n't your usual citizens out on some protest , these people have nothing to lose and will literally stand in one place for days or weeks if necessary or will walk down the motorway a hundred kilometers . 
  i think , governmental communication is actually visibly changing since yesterday . 
  this march created a huge storm of solidarity from people all along the road . 
  people were constantly supplying them with water , food , baby strollers from nearby towns . 
  the whole country could watch this over live tv . 
  people interacted with them at the train station and could see that they do n't do anything unreasonable and would simply want to move on towards west . 
  you know , hungarians also know how slow , unclear and what a pain in the ass government bureaucracy can be . 
  we will see how it goes , but at least the government is apparently beginning to switch its terminology from `` illegal immigrant '' to more and more `` refugee '' , `` migrant '' and simply `` immigrant '' without emphasizing `` illegal '' . 
  a prominent guy in orb\u00e1n 's circles has admitted that the poster campaign they launched around half a year ago was not a good idea . 
  anyways , this does n't influence the practical position of the government , but i think politicians in the governing party are also getting at least somewhat touched by the events . 
  maybe i 'm just seeing things , but it seems so . 
  not that any government should act based on such emotional things , but still . 
  what 's more , zizek claims that the second part of the 9th symphony basically intentionally ridicules the first part as ideological nonsense , with that cheap carnival-like imitation of the first part . 
  basically as if we today mocked pop songs in some stereotypical `` yeah , yeah , yeah , lalala '' kind of way . 
  it seems believable to me , but it may be overinterpretation . 
   there seems to be also a communication problem , as far as we see it there was nobody from your government at the train station explaining the situation to the refugees , it was also nonesense to first allow them to buy tickets to austria or germany and then to deny them the use of those tickets . 
  i do n't think this was malicious . 
  i think authorities misunderstood that germany temporarily suspends the dublin regulations . 
  and i 'm still not sure what she meant , because if she did n't mean that syrians can go to germany and wo n't be sent back , then logically she must have encouraged illegal entry and smuggling . 
  another possibility is that she only meant those that were already in germany at the time , but then she should have made it much more clear that it is * only * about those already there . 
  also , the refugees in front of the station did n't really understand what was going on and blamed the hungarian government that they are blocking their way while merkel is waiting with open arms . 
  so actually the hungarian government asked the german embassy to get some diplomat to the station and say with his own words that germany does not want to accept trains with them due to eu law . 
  i 'm sure there was also a lack of information and especially in the earlier days a shortage of arabic interpreters . 
  also the policemen are not all really good in english . 
  so there were misunderstandings , but i think we should n't see malice where simply disorganization and confusion can also explain things . 
  oh , i 'm not saying cameron was soo deeply personally moved that he now did this ... 
  i 'm not that naive , i 'm just saying that that would be the actual humanitarian action . 
  all else is basically feel-good ideological `` i am absolutely diametrically opposite to nazis '' - rhetoric . 
  just as the us could feel so good when they made the we are the world clip , now germans can feel like germany is doing so much for world peace and help to humanity , when it 's actually a drop in the ocean . 
  i 'm not saying it 's bad , i know that a lot of people , volunteers and helpers are genuinely concerned ^ ( but only once they are on european soil ) , and not only in germany but also in hungary and austria etc. 
  anyway , watching some hans rosling videos confirmed that i 'm not just imagining this . 
  people say i 'm being cynical and cold , but it 's true , what you said . 
  even in germany `` a government has to take care of its own citizens and country in the first place . '', 
  and nothing overwrites this and merkel is still doing this . 
  yes , but this shows that the welcoming rhetoric and being all humanitarian and emphatic is somewhat exaggerated we could even say it 's dishonest to a point . 
  if a country wants to be humanitarian then they do n't make people hop so many hurdles before giving help . 
  what the uk is proposing - taking thousands of syrians directly from unhcr camps in the middle east - is much more humanitarian in my eyes . 
  yeah . 
  they even add this artificial camera shaking effect to make it seem like spontaneous amateur footage . 
  the current influx of refugees in hungary is a game-changer . 
  it may end up in different ways . 
  on the one hand , people get first hand experience with refugees . 
  maybe they see they are `` normal people '' and therefore become more open , maybe they see them as a problem that strains hungary 's infrastructure and economy .
