   like even if this was true , what would be the fking point of pointing this out ? 
  what would it achieve ? 
  i 'm not sure , but it may help us understand the genetics of whatever traits that guy called inferior . 
  actually , those who want to prevent such research from taking place already presuppose that the result would favor whites . 
  maybe the result would be that east asians are genetically speaking the most intelligent ( for some definiton of `` intelligence '' ) or maybe blacks would turn out most intelligent , when controlling for cultural/social factors ( although `` black '' people is not a genetic category , but let 's simplify ) . 
  anyway , i 'm pretty sure the bell-curves overlap by a lot . 
  so simply the genetic ethnicity of people will never carry much information about intelligence . 
  i disagree with people who think we should leave certain things in the dark and not investigate them . 
  the only reason not to investigate something should be shortage of time and having other priorities , not the fear of what the results might be . 
  i ca n't figure out what you 're trying to say . 
  are you saying that sexism does n't exist ? 
  that it 's just a made up thing by pc people ? 
  i 've heard extremely sexist people talk about women as if they were totally irresponsible childish helpless dumb creatures that the superior men have to control and command around like dogs . 
  i 'm clearly not talking about the pc crowd who 'd try to ban benny hill . 
  i 'm saying that the `` i 'm right , others are just pc '' argument is being used by actual sexists nowadays . 
   i though the bizarre obsession with rape and `` sexual identity '' was mainly an anglo thing who said anything about obsession ? 
  do you think rape does n't exist ? 
  actual rape , not `` he micro-raped me with his eyes '' . 
  i 'm also pretty sure that rape is rarest precisely among american upper middle class people . 
  i also know all that annoying social media and campus stuff about `` rape culture '' etc , which is bullshit . 
  it seems like you 're a perfect example of what i mean . 
  you are now denying the existence of sexism and rape . 
  normal , non-extremist people keep mostly quiet online because they get tired of both sides . 
  i noticed this recently . 
  pc-bashing became so common that actual ignorant idiot racist-sexist jerks are beginning to call everything `` pc '' that does n't agree with them . 
  they try to legitimize their views with the fact that more and more celebrities ( like cleese ) are ( rightfully ) speaking up against pc . 
  as it 's becoming socially acceptable and cool to disagree with pc/safe-space , the term pc is getting hijacked . 
  it 's difficult to keep a middle ground , especially in polarized online debates . 
   yeah but if wages had n't gone up their products would be either less expensive or produce a higher margin . 
  that 's weird thinking . 
  assuming that wages had n't gone up and therefore products had a higher margin , where should this profit go ? 
  wages are a way of giving money to those who worked on creating something . 
  simply a `` higher margin '' would just go to the owners and shareholders . 
  why is that so much better than higher wages ? 
  not necessarilty . 
  productivity/efficiency has probably increased as well . 
   roma are n't precisely a novelty in sweden but their number used to be * a lot * less than in romania , bulgaria , serbia , hungary , slovakia . 
  after some quick and dirty googling , i found a hungarian book from 1998 about roma in nordic countries on google books , and it says there were 12-15 thousand roma in sweden at that point by the estimate of the `` nordic ( or scandinavian ? ), 
  gypsy council '' ( not sure about their english name ) . 
  do you have a better sourced estimate ? 
  how about before the fall of communism ? 
  the problems are just radically different when you have so much different numbers . 
  rule-of-thumb estimates say that in a school you can successfully integrate roma if they are no more than 10 % of the children . 
  so about 2 or 3 per class . 
  above that things become extremely tense , non-roma parents will `` rescue '' their kids from such a school and rather have them spend an extra hour commuting to a better school , teachers start fleeing and you 're left with a disaster . 
  if their numbers rise above 20 % , people wo n't just commute , they move out altogether . 
  and then you 're left with gypsy neighborhoods and villages . 
  then western european tv crews can come and lecture about the segregation and racism inherent in hungarian/romanian/slovak etc. 
  culture and how we need to learn the proper civilized western values like those in sweden and the netherlands . 
  fortunately these crews can now get their stories right there in western europe as well . 
  just some more numbers . 
  out of children born in 2002 ( today 14-year-olds ) approximately 16 % were roma in hungary , and this is averaged over the whole country ( [ source in hungarian , estimate by central statistics office ] ( http://www.demografia.hu/kiadvanyokonline/index.php/demografia/article/download/615/427 ) ) . 
  so there are lots of places where they are well above 30 % -40 % . 
  for example in north eastern hugary ( [ another hungarian source ] ( http://mandiner.hu/cikk/20150420_roma_diak_arany_magyarorszagon_papp_z_attila_interju ) ) . 
  the situation is just nowhere close in sweden . 
  well , getting a reality check also has advantages . 
  for example , perhaps a bit less lecturing us ( central/eastern europe ) about how bad we treat the roma for example . 
  now you can try to integrate them yourself . 
  being rich and isolated as a society ( like scandinavia for a long time ) is similar to being a sheltered child in an artificial protective bubble . 
  you build up a sort of naive culture , where you think that everyone is like you ( in mentality ) , everyone has the same desires , assumptions , values etc. 
  as you . 
  many eastern europeans feel a bit of `` schadenfreude '' about this situation , because for such a long time western europe liked to lecture us how we are racists and discriminatory against the roma . 
  now that you also have them , you can show us how to do it properly , how to integrate them etc. 
  yeah , i think western europe and scandinavia now needs to get more leery and distrustful in how they organize things . 
  for example many rules there are based on the trust that nobody will exploit them . 
  i heard there are often no ticket checks on trains and buses , because everyone just pays it . 
  swedes would personally feel bad for not paying , since they can definitely afford it and things are modern and nice . 
  but the eastern mentality is `` why pay for this shit , it 's not clean and punctual enough , it 's too expensive , i do n't make enough money '' . 
  there is n't as much personal guilt associated with it . 
  if you trick the state or some big company , all the better , you can feel good because you were smart and screwed the government/establishment just a little bit . 
  for me as a hungarian it seems so weird when people say leftists are anti-israel/anti-jew and ( far - ) rightists are defending jews . 
  in hungary , the far-right is anti-jew , anti-israel , anti-us , anti-muslim , anti-gypsy , anti-communist , anti-globalist at the same time . 
  only if you also thank thieves for maintaining police alertness . 
  or , can i punch you in the face once in a while to remind you that you 're not invincible ? 
  you can be fairly sure that vandalism will be removed , so when vandalising wikipedia , you just create needless work for the next person , to revert your edit . 
  it 's like shitting on a train seat . 
  it might be funny for your immature friends and it 's `` pretty harmless '' in the sense that it can be cleaned away and disinfected in a few minutes ( depending on the material of the seat ) , but it 's still not something we should encourage . 
  this is simply vandalism and destruction . 
  it requires no skill , insight or anything . 
  however , if you have a good idea for a joke , you can either just submit it to reddit as text or you can create a fake photoshopped screenshot with your joke . 
  if the joke does n't `` work '' that way , then the essence of the `` joke '' resides in the destructive nature of vandalism , so it 's not a good joke . 
  there is nothing funny about vandalising wikipedia . 
  and if you say `` loosen up '' , no . 
  this behavior should n't be encouraged . 
  yes , you can write whatever you want in wikipedia . 
  this was interesting 12 years ago , today it 's just assholish . 
   end of history thesis it 's remarkable how much it is ingrained in us . 
  being born around the fall of communism in europe , i basically learned ( not explicity , but through the `` cultural air '' ) that war is something ancient , something related to dusty history books , cavemen and dinosaurs . 
  that 's how things were * back then * . 
  later i was pretty confused how there can be war in the middle east or yugoslavia for example . 
  `` war '' as a concept seemed so removed from reality , it was something on paintings and black-and-white photos . 
  also , interacting with physical history books `` taught '' us that after the fall of communism comes the hard back cover . 
  the story ended like a good tale , with a happy ending , every nation coming to peace and love , never seen technological advancement , we 're finally there after all these chapters . 
  i think the internet and wikipedia changes this perception somewhat , as there is no sharp divide between history and current politics there . 
  ( i know this was broader than the political `` end of history '' thesis , i just find it interesting ), 
  well , it was quite a few years ago that i had this challenge , but then it was already becoming difficult . 
  for example at tesco and bigger shops they continued to ask me for an id , even when i was more than 20 . 
  as i remember , smaller shops were easier . 
  it probably depends on the neighborhood , too . 
   and almost everyone will get an sms and an e-mail with their vote .
