  and that depends on how big the language is . 
  if you spend 2 years in germany to study or work , people may expect you to learn basic german . 
  but if you do the same in hungary , we 'll not really expect you to learn hungarian because it 's not as widely spoken and not useful outside hungary and it 's also difficult to learn . 
  now , this does n't mean you 'll be able to talk to anyone in every country in english . 
  because many europeans do n't speak english . 
  in hungary , only about 25-30 % speak english , but most young and urban people and those working in tourism do . 
  tldr : do n't worry about this . 
  you do n't have to believe it . 
  hungarians do n't believe it , but we have such folk tales and we read/tell them to kids ( not as truth , but as a fairy tale ) . 
  i think it 's important for kids to hear fantasy tales , it helps them understand the difference between stories and reality . 
  that not every story that someone can say with their mouth and `` makes sense '' ( to a child ) is true . 
  and that this is okay and we can play like this . 
  yeah , our folk tales include a recurring witch figure , the `` iron-nose old woman '' ( * vasorr\u00fa b\u00e1ba * ) , who 's basically like an evil witch . 
  then we have the character of an old woman , and when the protagonist meets her and calls her `` my old grandma '' ( a respectful way to call someone - at least it used to be ) , she says `` you 're lucky that you called me you old grandma , otherwise i would have eaten you '' and then goes on to help with stuff . 
  most of the hungarian folk tales are about a journey where a protagonist goes on to pick up things , to overcome obstacles , use the help of certain figures , etc. 
  you can read more at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_mythology, 
  every country has such differences . 
  in hungary , gy\u0151r-moson-sopron county ( west ) is different than borsod-aba\u00faj-zempl\u00e9n county ( north-east ) . 
  the former is richer , has less roma , the locals have somewhat different accents , etc. 
  but if you compare hungary to , say , serbia , then it 's much more different . 
  not as different as hungary vs. japan or hungary vs. kenya of course , but in serbia they speak a totally different language , they do n't know our movies , we do n't know theirs , we do n't know each other 's folk tales , music references , cartoons , athletes , food ( although there are similarities ) , politicians . 
  if we watched each other 's evening news on tv , we 'd have no idea what 's going on ( even with subtitles ) , who the people are ( except for world leaders ) , etc. 
  if we watched a talk show with celebrities , we would n't recognize them , while they are major celebrities on front pages of gossip magazines there . 
  most of the shared cultural references between young people would be american movies and music ( besides the stuff that 's shared in the whole western world ) . 
  aliens would n't always land in new york or san francisco . 
  catastrophes would n't first hit the statue of liberty in new york , and so on . 
  america would be portrayed at least some of the time as neutral or perhaps sometimes even negatively , not always as the superhero saviors of the world and the universe . 
  we 'd perhaps have more sad/unexpected endings . 
  americans really ca n't tolerate if justice does n't prevail at the end of a movie . 
  our political debates are about this ( 20th century ) and the tangible , practical stuff ( taxes , healthcare etc. ) . 
  that 's why american politics seems weird to us , because the dominant topics there ( abortion , gun control , religion , police brutality , gay marriage , gmo , feminism , moral issues in general ) are really not that much in the public discourse here . 
  so unless it 's about money or the nazis , communists or trianon , we usually do n't care . 
  but since last year we 've had a new topic , immigration , which used to be a non-issue that people did n't think about at all . 
  note that after some time it does get boring just like anything else . 
  do n't make the mistake of believing that life there is this romantic ideal of everything being this charming little breeze of fresh air forever . 
  life is still life . 
  people are still people with their everyday worries and things to take care of . 
  and your neighbors wo n't be knights and medieval people , but normal modern people . 
  you can also live a miserable life in a beautiful place . 
  also , what mostly matters is how much the local culture fits you , how much you can fit in . 
  you ca n't just choose between spain and the netherlands based on how the buildings look , that 's very shallow . 
  cultures differ quite a bit across europe . 
  if you want to maximize the amount of sightseeing , as in , the total famousness of the landmarks in a city , i think definitely rome and paris are the `` default '' choices . 
  but they are also the ones you 've probably already seen in movies , postcards etc. 
  so i 'd also recommend one weekend in a city that 's less known in the us , like prague or budapest . 
   but i think part of the ` fakeness ' you 're talking about are the circumstances of tourism . 
  not only , i also mean tv stuff . 
  for example americans on reddit usually think that jennifer lawrence is so down-to-earth and `` normal '' , when for me her interviews in talk shows also seem very exaggerated and fakish . 
  one example of the contrast i 've seen a couple of months ago was [ this interview with swedish singer tove lo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7zo4oahe0c ) , where the reporter uses the typical american fake enthusiasm and gestures , while tove lo is kinda just answering normally . 
  ( maybe not the best example , but this came to mind now , there are probably better ones ) . 
  now , being from hungary , i do n't think there 's much we share with swedish culture , but it 's somehow similar in this regard . 
  we just do n't feel the constant need to make everything seem like great and `` so exciting !! '' . 
  i know that an interview is different from normal interactions but even interviews are n't like this here , most of the time . 
  when i watch american media ( including news channels and other stuff ) , it 's as if everything is made of plastic . 
  i know this is n't true of all americans , i knew some who did n't fit the stereotype at all , they did n't brag about anything and were withdrawn etc. 
  so i 'm mostly talking about the default and the expectations of what you 're supposed to do . 
  but this also varies across europe somewhat . 
  for example the uk flag ( union jack ) is also like a fashion item , similarly to the us flag . 
  and norwegians use their flag without patriotic connotations , even on birthdays . 
  the us as a whole is very different because being american is thought of more like an attitude , a `` dream '' , the aspiration to be the best in the world etc. 
  which to us europeans sometimes looks like that guy who drives a huge bmw to compensate for his penis size . 
  the analogy is not perfect as the us does have a big political schlong , but the patriotism part seems like `` trying a bit hard '' . 
  it 's just too exaggerated , it feels like disneyland . 
  sorry for stereotyping so much , but this is my general impression about the us-europe difference , that in europe things are a bit toned down , as if seeing things through a sepia filter , while the us is exaggerated , things are always `` awesome '' and `` great '' , people are always `` excited '' and `` thrilled '' to do stuff , people must look beautiful , etc. 
  at least that 's what 's expected of them . 
  and then if they ca n't keep up with all that , they get stressed , burned out ... now , as i said european countries are quite different , but if we exclude the mediterranean countries , we an say that in the us , people 's intonation , gestures , facial expressions , general body language is more exaggerated than in most of europe . 
  and even the mediterraneans look honest at their style , while the us seems more fake in this regard . 
  like they might say `` oh , so great to seeee youuu '' with a wide smile and rollercoaster intonation and actually hope to never see you again . 
  i can even feel this difference on reddit , between / r/europe , / r/askeurope vs. other subs . 
  well , it 's better because you can all clink and then drink it at the same time , so it 's a common experience , and not like everyone drinks one after the other . 
  yeah , it 's more that europeans are a bit annoyed when american tourists use our flags like that . 
  i mean , not too much , as i know that cultures are different and i do n't expect tourists to know everything , but it 's somewhat of an irritation . 
  european nations are n't just about some colorful flags , like teams in some fun game , we have a lot of difficult history ( wars , revolutions , independence fights , etc. ), 
  as well . 
  again , i would n't be harsh on a tourist just because of this , but it 's a difference in mentality that might be interesting to americans . 
  our patriotism is very different . 
  for example the way your national anthem is sung and uniquely covered/distorted each time by some celebrity before sport events is something i could n't imagine here . 
  it 's not considered some pop song that you can cover like that here , but something more serious . 
  it 's continuously in the political discourse , but not just specifically wwii , but basically the whole 20th century . 
  our politics lives in the past and fights symbolic battles over the interpretations of the 20th century . 
  this includes ww i , trianon , the horthy era , wwii , holocaust , 1956 , socialism , etc. 
  these still generate lively debates , like who 's allowed to get a statue , who 's not , who 's allowed to get a street named after him , does a monument accurately represent history or not , etc. 
  we mostly have a full national consensus about the 19th century , everyone is proud of the 1848 revolution , everyone is proud of the reformers , we are proud of the technological developments during the austro-hungarian times etc. 
  but the 20th century is still somewhat touchy . 
  generally in europe , we do n't use flags like you do . 
  we do n't have them hanging all over the place , on houses , in gardens . 
  we do n't wear them as shirts etc. 
  the liberals/internationalists do n't use it because they think it 's too nationalistic , and the patriotic/nationalist people do n't think of it as a piece of cloth that you can wear as a fun shirt or hat etc. , it has a more `` elevated '' or serious status . 
  it 's rather reserved for national holidays , official things , serious political demonstrations etc. 
  at least in hungary . 
  the only exception is sport events . 
  [ trappist cheese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trappista_cheese ) is what we usually use as the `` general '' cheese , including as grated cheese ( parmesan is too expensive for most people ) . 
  we also have a kind of [ processed cheese ] ( http://aprosef.hu/sites/default/files/styles/phasephoto_334x334/public/phasephotos/2015/kockasajt_suni0224_0.jpg?itok=gr-94ejy ) , packaged [ like this ] ( http://www.alon.hu/sites/default/files/styles/blog_745x373/public/dsc_0459sajtcimlap.jpg?itok=fmav_ulu ) but cheese connoisseurs shun it and say it 's total crap and not worth of being called cheese , it 's rather just some `` generic dairy industry product '' . 
  it became popular during socialism due to its low price and easy mass producability . 
  i also like camembert and just recently realized how much better the expensive import ones are ( mostly french ) . 
  it 's really good , but also really expensive . 
  is all cheese prepackaged in the us or can you buy them freshly cut in places like walmart/standard stores , [ like this ] ( http://www.cilento.de/cmsdata/image/252.jpg ) ? 
  that 's a typical american phrasing . 
  `` lack of government intervention '' . 
  you see , we do n't think of this as `` the government '' as some antagonistic entity doing it .
