  thousands of policemen and soldiers with equipment vs loosely organized groups of migrants . 
  unless migrants start using lethal weapons against hungarian police , it 's little more than a regular operation after football matches . 
  can we see the footage taken by this crew about the incident ? 
  yeah , but the romanian government is throwing shit at us . 
  ponta saying it 's like the '30s and '40s . 
  easy to talk when romania is n't on the migration route . 
  should we lock them in a camp like a prison ? 
  there are beds in tents there . 
  they just wish to go to austria . 
  anyway , to avoid all these accusations now they simply ca n't come through without following the law . 
  chaos and lawlessness may be okay for a few days but it ca n't go on for weeks and months . 
  germany and austria can grant them temporary visas any time if they want to receive them . 
  or allow asylum applications from outside the territory of germany and austria . 
  in hungary you can only apply for hungary 's asylum . 
  what time what channel ? 
  i could rewatch online . 
  afaik hungarian authorities transported them to the szentgotth\u00e1rd camp . 
  i know . 
  i meant germany would say what i wrote after `` hint '' . 
  of course it does . 
  only the incoming motorway from serbia is blocked at the moment . 
  actually it was blocked by migrants first as they could n't cross on the railway track freely as before . 
  hungarian authorities put a mobile fence there temporarily until migrants or serbian police free up the road . 
  currently there are tents there . 
  they usually do n't just peacefully go into the camp and say thanks for the food and beds . 
  they want to move on . 
  there are thousands coming every day , it 'll be interesting to see how you can keep up with the system unless germany lets them in . 
  once that happens who would want to register anyway ? 
  we 'll see how germany will like that . 
  hint : hey , europe , where is the solidarity ? 
  quotas , now !, 
  ( after keeping the most skilled cheap workforce . ), 
  the greek border should be protected . 
  hungary can not protect the greek border alone obviously . 
  protecting the border . 
  we ca n't protect the greek or the macedonian border . 
  we leave official entry points for those who want to apply for asylum in hungary . 
  for anyone else , i.e. 
  people who just want to pass through ( `` no fingerprint , no camp !, 
  germany !, 
  merkel !, 
  '' ) , the receiving country should issue a temporary visa through some local embassy and then they can pass as well . 
  uncontrolled mass migration transit crippling our motorways and train stations is not wanted . 
  alternatively , germany can also send direct buses , trains or planes to serbia . 
  i 'm sure hungary will let such trains or buses through . 
   i think that the policy of budapest , raising walls , is dangerous and cruel . 
  whatever . 
  basically all our neighbors except slovakia are shitting on us due to our stance . 
  will croatia register them then , you know , dublin etc ? 
  do the full asylum procedure as merkel expects it ? 
  forcefully ? 
  put them in closed camps ? 
  or just let them pass like they pass macedonia and serbia , with government buses ? 
  i 'm sure slovenia will appreciate that . 
  croatia can do whatever they want , hungary is now out of the insanity . 
  i was n't precise enough , it 's not about the actual authority vehicles ( like police cars ) but the vehicles operated by organizations participating in transportation of things ordered by the state . 
  like trucks bringing the fence material etc. 
  [ here is the full law about the `` crisis due to mass immigration '' ] ( http://www.kozlonyok.hu/nkonline/mkpdf/hiteles/mk15124.pdf ) ( pdf , in hungarian ) . 
  yes , germany should have quietly suspended deporting people to places that they did n't want to deport people to . 
  simply say it 's a case-by-case individual judgement . 
  that way germany does n't send people to places germany does n't want , while not openly inviting them , still keeping the `` risk '' in place , that any particular person * might * get deported there by dublin , but they just individually happen not to be ( quietly ) . 
  also , maybe germany does n't have official upper limits , but they do n't have to advertise this . 
  she can say `` the government is constantly closely monitoring the situation '' or some political mumble . 
  practically germany can still let them in all , quietly , but keeping the possibility of an upper limit in the air . 
  managing information flow well is crucial . 
  edit : additionally , optimally germany should have stopped this insanity a lot earlier and sent everyone back to greece or turkey into newly built `` hotspots '' where authorities can see who is a real refugee and who is not and they should have officially stated that anyone who is caught crossing an inner european border illegally is automatically denied asylum in germany . 
  then migrants would have waited in the hotspots until germany can see whether they are real refugees that germany can take as refugees or not . 
  they could also have called for action among other eu members to volunteer and take some refugees , based on the asylum laws and political decisions in each member country . 
  but luring them in , motivating them to cross borders illegally , risk their families ' lives , fill up germany to the point of having to reintroduce border controls and then trying to force the migrants onto other eu members by blackmail and threats is not the right way to handle for sure . 
  hungarian officials process these asylum applications right on the border in mobile containers in a few hours . 
  the overwhelming majority is rejected as these people come from serbia , a safe country . 
  the people are also fingerprinted , photographed and their signature is taken and they get banned from entering the schengen zone for 1 year . 
  subotica ( szabadka ) is n't there either . 
  `` the contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence , on refugees who , ** coming * directly * from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened ** in the sense of article 1 , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided ** they present themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence ** . '', 
  neither is the case for these asylum seekers . 
  anyway , why ca n't every illegal border crosser say they are asylum seekers ? 
  they may get rejected , but they are `` seekers '' . 
  then it carries no risk to cross any border because if caught you can say you are an asylum seeker , if you do n't get caught you win . 
  worst case , you are sent away due to not being eligible for asylum . 
  it sounds crazy . 
  damaging the fence is the criminal offense , not the border crossing per se . 
  but you ca n't cross without damaging the fence . 
  there is a checkpoint for asylum seekers with government officials . 
  why would they want to cross illegally then at all ? 
  the sign guides them to the official place where they can apply for asylum . 
  it 's really simple to go there . 
  there are interpreters , but the documents are n't translated ( according to index.hu ) . 
  it 's definitely a violation of rights for a due process and we can expect some action from the eu because of this . 
  yep , basically it 's a `` you shall not pass '' from the government . 
  `` go back , go somewhere else , but not to or through hungary '' . 
  hungary says a joint eu force should help greece close its borders . 
  but it 's become an urgent situation in hungary so we ca n't wait any more . 
  serbia is transporting them with buses from macedonia to hungary . 
  just yesterday over 9000 people . 
  not sustainable . 
  higher alertness , more rights to authorities , less bureaucracy . 
  police may clear areas easier , enter private property for smaller reasons , check vehicles etc. 
  with simpler procedures , buildings can be constructed by the government without long procedures of selecting the construction company , army can help police , no road fees for authority vehicles , cases of illegal border crossings have priority in court , i.e. 
  no other case can be tried before those , etc. 
  they also cleared the airspace and are watching from helicopters .
