  that 's okay , i also think that denying history in itself should n't be punishable by law . 
  i think the original comment refered to the fact that the holocaust is treated almost as some mythical event that you ca n't even mention on the same page with any other genocide or put in the same mental category as other terrible deeds of humanity , because thereby you 'd be downplaying its importance and its absolute unique nature in human history and you 're labeled anti-semitic . 
  it 's a totally untouchable taboo topic because being considered anti-semitic is basically death politically . 
  of course this is n't all representative of the whole of western europe . 
  but it manifests in things like the strasbourg decision that the hungarian ban of the red star limits the freedom of expression ( or something like that ) . 
  generally the west can not understand how the soviet occupation and the communist dictatorships affected people 's lives and they consider these commemorative days and bans to be a form of downplaying the importance of the holocaust . 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  the soviets did n't ruin western europe and helped defeat the nazis . 
  that 's what the west cares about . 
  people and nations generally only care about their own past and own tragedies . 
  i do n't think these are `` top conspiracy theories '' . 
  just some recent political stuff you 're ranting about . 
  censorship . 
  these mods are crazy . 
  that 's a very superficial interpretation . 
  they are doing this in an * exactly * calculated way . 
  they perfectly know that the media will report these things and will make big news about it . 
  this is just about marketing , advertisement . 
  it 's not like they feel some special joy when making beheading videos . 
  it 's a tool . 
  they are n't simply pure evil cartoon cardboard-cutout characters , they are a well organized , cold-headed group ( at least a part of them ) . 
  i think you 're overestimating eastern europeans ' geographical and cultural knowledge . 
  i do n't know about poland , but i doubt a random hungarian would know much about denmark , for example . 
  we mostly just think that the west is this magical clean , rich , nice place with great salaries , no corrupt politicians , like utopias . 
  but yeah , there may be a difference due to the economic asymmetry . 
  we usually keep track of what 's happening in countries around or above our own standard of living . 
  for example most hungarians will have no idea about or interest in albania and macedonia the same way the dutch people do n't care about poland . 
  yeah , the taboo against eating insects is a good example that is purely cultural and is n't logical . 
  they are quite nutritious and provide proteins at a much lower cost than livestock . 
   and by the way what immigrants ? 
  france has muslim citizens since the 19th century , the jews are emancipated there since the revolution . 
  most of today 's muslims there are n't the descendants of 19th century local muslims . 
  there are reasonable arguments to favor non-pork options , sure . 
  it 's not nice to try to force people to give up their cultural customs , but integration is important ( so they do n't isolate themselves ) and acknowledging their cultural things in public can help them feel more accepted and not to turn so much inward . 
  as long as it 's about such symbolic things as to what you eat , what songs you sing and how you dress , it 's okay in my eyes . 
  but if it 's about deeper value conflicts , like human rights , women 's equality , proselytizing , then we have to draw a line . 
  so some people fear that some muslims just feed on the tolerance of western europe while still feeling antagonistic against the host culture because there is always some next and next demand up until we have full sharia law here . 
  i think it 's not really an east vs west thing , it 's rather that the large countries ( germany , uk , france , spain , italy ) happen to be in the west , and the east is more fragmented . 
  i do n't think all `` eastern europeans '' could really tell the difference between norwegians and dutch people , for example . 
  or the difference between luxemburg and switzerland . 
  they are just `` western europeans '' , naive people who do n't know what to do with their surplus wealth , and happy , nice , fit and healthy elderly people ( as opposed to the grumpy and sick old people typical in most of `` eastern europe '' ) . 
  the interesting thing is that australia ( australis , auster , referring to the southern location ) and austria ( \u00d6ster-reich , meaning eastern ) are etymologically related ( also with the english `` east '' ) . 
  a mnemonic technique is that the countries are in alphabetical order and the capital cities , too , but there you have to chop off the first letter  but it 's always better to remember things using actual knowledge , like you described . 
  it 's somewhat different , i think . 
  in europe we personally feel that eating pets is wrong and we can reason about it . 
  but religious people point to a book when asked why they do n't eat pork . 
  `` it 's in the book , god said so '' . 
  maybe i 'm biased , but it seems much more reasonable to refuse to eat pets out of compassion than to arbitrarily single out a type of livestock as unclean . 
  dogs and carnivorous animals were never bred as livestock , no person in their right mind would domesticate predators like wolves for food because feeding them with meat is just too expensive . 
  pigs on the other hand provide nothing besides meat to humans . 
  their milk is not really good , you ca n't ride them , they do n't help to protect your house , they give no eggs , etc. 
  so it 's not like they like pigs and want to reserve them for other ` uses ' . 
  at the same time , sure every culture has arbitrary rules for signaling purposes , to show commitment etc. 
  in the end it really boils down to a `` clash of cultures '' and tribalism . 
  those against no-pork options want to protect their own culture and force immigrants to assimilate and take up the local customs , while those who are for it want to show their tolerance and support for foreign cultures . 
  it 's the usual symbolic battle . 
  one could argue that supporting the `` pigs are unclean '' philosophy is proliferation of stupidity too . 
  what if they offer a choice for religious parents between evolution and creationism ? 
  then those few kids go out of the classroom and to some religious teacher for those few classes . 
  no one is affected except for them . 
  ( this comment is just an exploration of your line drawn , not a strong opinion ), 
  on the one hand i agree that state should not play these superstitious games . 
  on the other hand , the state should observe what people want to eat , what their dietary choices are . 
  for example they often offer vegetarian options , and it does n't mean that the state agrees ( or disagrees ) that eating meat is unethical . 
  if there is a substantial amount of people who do n't eat pork ( for whatever reason ) , and offering this choice is not unreasonably expensive , then offer it . 
  designed in the early 1800s , the tricolor design is based on the french one , but with using the colors of the hungarian coat of arms , which includes red-white stripes , green hills and a white double cross on red background . 
  a later reinterpretation of the colors is that red stands for strength , white for fidelity and green for hope . 
  that 's a nice offer , but you ca n't really merge moldova into an eu and nato country while it still contains transnistria with russian military presence . 
  they should either let transnistria go , or `` solve the conflict '' but that seems difficult . 
  it would also be difficult to basically bring the poorest european country into the eu without them having to satisfy conditions . 
  just give autonomy to the hungarians , embrace the diverse culture of transylvania , and we 're fine , 
  jobbik meps ( hungary ) are independent . 
  your mistake is that you treat it as another religion . 
  but as i said , it 's not just a religion , it 's also an ancient tribe/ethnicity . 
  as wikipedia says :  the jews , also known as the jewish people , are an ** ethnoreligious and ethno-cultural group ** descended from the israelites of the ancient near east and originating from the historical kingdoms of israel and judah . 
  well , being jewish is a weird mixture of religion and ethnicity . 
  there are people who consider themselves and each other jews but they do n't actually believe or practice the religion . 
  why do you say euronews seems low budget ? 
  it 's pretty big i think . 
  what about all the great intellectuals ? 
  goethe , beethoven , schubert , kepler , gauss , euler , leibniz , g\u00f6del , planck , einstein , heisenberg , kant , hegel , wittgenstein , nietzsche , popper , humboldt , etc , etc. 
  i think germany and german people contributed a huge amount to our civilization and culture . 
  i interpret it as : do you enjoy wearing this label , this nationality , or do you feel embarrassed or neutral ? 
  there 's a huge difference between complaining about legally moving between countries that explicitly signed a contract with each other and created an organization that purposefully allows this as one of its main points ( free movement of people ) * and * illegal immigrants from very different , often hostile cultures crossing the border in the woods , or hiding in trucks . 
  of course there are shitty people inside the eu , some romanians causing trouble in the uk , etc. 
  sure , but it 's a totally different topic . 
  they are legally there . 
  and actually we are very happy that now they can move to western europe because we also had/have trouble with them . 
  but most hungarians/poles go there for work . 
  because there are lots of lower jobs that an englishman would never do for that money , but a pole/hungarian would . 
  it 's a net benefit to you too , because you get access to cheaper labour and the eu migrants make more money than at home . 
  i 'm sure it depends on the hardware and how much you know about configuring stuff . 
  i mean , i had to spend a long time setting everything up properly , but then it does n't break . 
  fedora was a constant battle . 
  it seems that it 's very subjective , and different things work for different people . 
  the problem is that free/libre software is hard to sell in the current model . 
  if you get the freedom to look under the hood , then by the nature of software you can use it on as many computers as you want . 
  enforcible restrictions automatically result in denying the user 's freedom . 
  i do n't know the solution . 
  if the solution were obvious , then the smart people in foss would have solved it already .
