  but we must keep in mind that a percentage does n't tell the full story . 
  a higher percentage does n't mean better decisions . 
  if 99 % of the people have no legal right for asylum then 99 % have to be rejected . 
  so one ca n't say that just because hungary 's acceptance rate is low , the process is unjust . 
  jokes are also a special issue . 
  it 's usually seen as bad manners to joke at the expense of a woman . 
  there 's the perception that men `` can take it '' , even in groups of friends it 's acceptable to say much more playfully rude things to men than playfully rude things to women ( both by men and women ) . 
  i mean things like being old , fat , lazy , unskilled , clumsy etc. 
  male being the `` default '' is related to the idea of men being generic , disposable , replaceable , like a faceless army . 
  they are defined by their role and not their `` personality '' . 
  so when talking about a fat guy in a joke , it 's just the role of being fat , it 's not seen as piercing into their inner personhood . 
   specifically in gaming communities that are still even to this day mostly still a male thing it 's not just that , it 's a skewed demographic . 
  men with poor social skills and low chances of meeting/engaging women in real life have a higher concentration , so they use the `` safety '' from behind the computer to satisfy their need for female interaction . 
  disclaimer : this is not about defending any such comments or practices , i 'm simply analyzing the issue . 
  nor am i saying all gamers have poor social skills , i 'm talking about overrepresentation . 
  people who do n't have success outside ( and there are plenty of them ) find refuge online . 
  this does n't mean all who are online are such , i 'm talking about percentages . 
  and even though girls with poor social skills would also be disproportionate , social norms do n't let/encourage them to proactively write comments to men . 
  shy girls have a better chance at getting male attention even passively , even to the point of it getting irritating , while men who fail at this will gather up a lot of frustration and needs that they aim to fulfil by writing such comments . 
  transylvania is a true gem . 
  with a little more money it could become a kind of eastern switzerland ( multiethnic mountain land ) . 
  unfortunately it 's still just dracula and vampires that most people outside the region know about it . 
  jan - sep 2015 recognized as refugees : 105 subsidiary protection granted : 239 rejected : 2,140 refugee application process stopped : 80,107 ( mostly because the applicant disappeared , left the country ) since 175,000 have applied for asylum , my calculation says that 92,000 cases are missing from the above breakdown , so maybe officially those cases are still open . 
  [ official spreadsheet ] ( http://www.bmbah.hu/images/statisztikak/151026%20kiadv%c3%81nyf%c3%9czet_2014_2015_i-ix.xls ), 
  that 's the precise reason hungary built its fence , to be on the right side of the new iron curtain dividing the civilized world from the buffer zone . 
  if everything went according to the western plan , we 'd have massive camps in eastern and east-central europe , financed in large part by the western members , who would still occasionally condemn us for inhumane treatment . 
  the plan did n't succeed , we are rejecting to become a buffer zone , even if camps and integration are financed by the ( western ) eu . 
  they ( commenters ) may be honest . 
  i think it 's a variant of the [ actor-observer asymmetry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/actor%e2%80%93observer_asymmetry ) or the [ fundamental attribution error ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fundamental_attribution_error ) on the level of countries . 
   when people judge their own behavior , and they are the actor , they are more likely to attribute their actions to the particular situation than to a generalization about their personality . 
  yet when an observer is explaining the behavior of another person ( the actor ) , they are more likely to attribute this behavior to the actors ' overall disposition rather than to situational factors . 
  so if austria builds a fence , it 's due to the pressing circumstances but if hungary builds a fence it 's due to their inner nature and xenophobic character . 
   when i want to travel to serbia , hungary can look/be as nice and hospitable and worthy of spending my time there as it wants , i 'm still looking to get through as fast as possible . 
  but when we said this in hungary , we were told it 's because we are treating them bad and are generally racist and that 's why they want to go on to austria . 
  but then it turns out they desperately want to escape from austria as well , even if sleeping in the cold is the price ... 
   police brutality do you mean r\u00f6szke , where migrants started throwing rocks at the hungarian police * from the serbian side * and broke down the border fence and police used tear gas to stop them ? 
  ( continuing to be the devil 's advocate ) , this means that austria does n't provide a good enough care for them if they are so desperate to escape from there that they 'd rather sleep outside in the cold than wait a bit longer and spend more time in austria . 
  or seen from a different angle , austria does n't give them enough transport possibilities and they have to fight for a place in the buses . 
   nope , but a couple of them do n't want to enter tents since they hope to be in front of the line for buses the next day . 
  that 's what happened in hungary too . 
  they wanted to skip official procedures , did n't cooperate and wanted to `` just go '' to the next country . 
  so this is not a difference . 
  fact is , they are sleeping outside . 
  austria is letting this happen . 
  you ca n't condemn hungary for similar things while being understanding with austria . 
  nobody made them sleep in front of keleti railway station in budapest either . 
  instead of staying in the refugee camps ( or going there in the first place ) , they just left and went to sleep outside in front of our main train station . 
  but hungary was under extreme international attacks for not accommodating them right there in the busy city center of budapest . 
  fact is : they are sleeping outside in the cold at location x in austria for whatever reason . 
  at location x you do n't give them heated tents . 
  they surely have a reason to sleep there instead of in the cold . 
  a sane person would go sleep in the heated tent unless there is something they get at location x that they do n't get in the tent . 
  why do n't you give them that thing in the camp , too , if austria treats them so well ? 
  the hungarian fence was built by soldiers , prison guards , prison inmates and unemployed people . 
  you just need to buy the material and rent the machines ( if you do n't already have it ) . 
  it 's not rocket science to build such a fence , you do n't need the shitty construction companies for it . 
  is [ making them sleep outside in the cold ] ( http://cnsnews.com/news/article/latest-refugees-sleeping-outside-austria-cold ) `` quite good treatment '' in the austrian sense ? 
  `` austrian officials say thousands of refugees and other migrants have spent the night outdoors in cold fall weather as authorities struggle to keep up with the steady flow . '', 
   that ensure people next to a border crossing do n't cross a few hundred meters in the field , walk around the camp there and jump the bus line that sounds rather fascist actually . 
  they are just humans , why ca n't they walk freely ? 
  ^ / s anyway , if they do n't comply , you 'll have to spray them with water and tear gas as your interior minister [ has already announced ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/ausland/europa/oesterreichische-innenministerin-warnt-vor-gewalt-an-grenzen-13830281.html ) they 'd do . 
  but it 's all humane and nice and pink and friendly tear gas , water cannons , fences and nights spent outside in cold . 
  it 's all good because it 's in austria ... 
  i also wrote this in my comment . 
  are you saying that serbia should be considered unsafe , i.e. 
  persecuting its asylum seekers for their race , ethnicity etc ? 
  but they never even tried to apply for asylum there . 
  of course they could n't all settle in serbia , all the 1.5 million . 
  but then serbia needs to ask how it can be that people are persecuted and have to run for their lives from its neighbor macedonia , etc , back to greece . 
  greece can not defend its borders due to it 's many islands . 
  my personal opinion here is that a country should only claim lands whose borders it can control . 
  but then the other eu members could also help there . 
  anyway , that 's not a question that hungary can decide . 
  we just apply the law with regards to the safety of serbia . 
  there is no conflict or systematic racial persecution in serbia . 
  but if you can prove you are being persecuted in serbia in the sense of the refugee conventions , you are of course helped by hungary . 
  is this even legal under the schengen agreement ? 
  i mean temporary border controls are possible according to the agreement , but fences ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  you are wrong because the hungarian fence is also about controlling the influx , i.e. 
  anyone can enter who has the right to do so . 
  there are also points where people can apply for asylum . 
  only those people can not enter who do not have the right to enter . 
  the legal fact is , most of them are n't eligible for asylum because they came from neighboring serbia/croatia , which are safe countries and they have n't even tried getting asylum there . 
  so when they apply for asylum , most are rejected . 
  but this has nothing to do with `` keeping people out '' . 
  it 's just applying the existing law . 
   that 's totally simplistic . 
  it 's an eli5 question . 
  while not for literal 5-year-olds , it 's aimed at people who are totally ignorant about about the topic . 
  however , the phrase eli5 is a bit overused nowadays , people often just write it to mean `` explain to me '' + `` i 'm a real redditor , i know things like eli5 '' . 
  well , this is the real time , where 12 o'clock means `` sun at highest point '' . 
  what we use in the summer is actually kiev 's proper time . 
  if you 'd like to use the kiev time the whole year , you should rather ask for our daily activities to be shifted back by 1-2 hours , i.e. 
  start working at 6:00 -7:00 and go home earlier , at 15:00 -16:00 , so you can catch some sunlight in the afternoon . 
  otherwise , curse your ancestors for migrating up north from africa to this cold and dark place . 
  individual people can have whatever fantasies they want of course . 
  i was talking about the country and its responsible leaders . 
  there are no territorial claims by hungary , just like there is none by germany . 
   many people see that hungary has the right to own transylvania i do n't know how many .
