  i really do n't like such photos . 
  this artistic/longing/melancholic / romantic/drab style is just so fake to me . 
  photographers often use the same for poor families and neighborhoods in hungary as well . 
  it really does n't capture the atmosphere `` correctly '' . 
  it seems like a fairy tale version of eastern europe for consumption by rich western europeans who want to feel some naive compassionate feelings . 
  it 's hard to pin down what i mean , but i ca n't stand this style . 
   the bible is notoriously contradictory . 
  most religious texts are . 
  exactly . 
  its most important purpose is that it lets you lull yourself into feeling like you are fulfilling your moral obligations . 
  it relieves you of the anxiety of not knowing whether you 're doing the right thing . 
  just interpret the verses in the right doublethinky way and you can go on doing mostly what you want to do , while still feeling morally in the safe zone . 
  the quality of reddit posts varies greatly and i mean ** greatly ** . 
  there are subs that give top quality information by real experts on things like science , history etc. 
  and then there are things that are upvoted a thousand times but are nonsense . 
  the problem is that you ca n't simply say `` reddit stuff is bullshit '' , because a lot of it is good ( not percent-wise ) . 
  also , just talking to your family and friends is n't representative either . 
  you have to take their opinion with a grain of salt as well . 
  but i think comment sections can at least point out some biases in articles . 
  if i read an article in a physical newspaper , then there 's just me and the author involved . 
  i either believe it or not . 
  but if there 's a comment section , maybe the top voted comment will explain in detail and with references where the author uses misleading arguments . 
  does it mean that the rebuttal is always correct ? 
  but at least i can get a feel for what points can be contested . 
  of course there 's no way around using your own judgement , experience , common sense , education , intelligence etc. 
  and following a few references , when evaluating how plausible the different arguments are . 
  you have to accept that you 're misinformed to some degree . 
  either by your upbringing , biased education , biased news , non-representative circle of friends and colleagues etc. 
  but it 's also true that things are usually not black or white . 
  but this does n't mean all gray is 50 % gray and that the truth is around the middle either . 
  really , no way around using your own judgement and no guarantee that it will work . 
  well , if you 're willing to share a flat , student-style , it 's certainly less than 500 $ . 
  in germany , you can certainly get a place for about 300 if you do n't want to live in your own apartement . 
  by the way , you ca n't really live off the 300-400 $ salaries in budapest either . 
  but uttering the words `` i ca n't live '' does n't help , so people do something . 
  like they do n't move out of their parent 's place until they are like 35 . 
  or team up with random people and share a flat . 
  or do n't rent in the city but farther out and then travel hours each day by train or bus . 
  i mean , whether you `` can live '' is a pretty relative term . 
  i know you ca n't live * well * or even comfortably on 800 $ / month , but that 's also not a big issue because dutch people make many times more than that . 
  that 's how humans work . 
  it 's extremely quick and easy to incorporate `` luxuries '' , like random caf\u00e9 / restaurant visits , wearing branded clothes , going to vacations on the mediterranean , going to ski etc. 
  into your life . 
  if you do these things often enough , you do n't even realize anymore that these are luxuries . 
  it becomes part of the baseline . 
  most people do n't consider themselves rich , unless they live in a huge palace , have their own island and private jet . 
  also it seems like w europeans do n't like to face this reality , like they are actively trying to deny that there is a huge divide in quality of life between western and eastern europe . 
  it 's * always * the `` but the prices '' . 
  as if they were ashamed of living well . 
  german supermarkets are really cheap . 
  some things are more expensive but it 's partly about higher quality products ( for example in bread ) in germany . 
  other stuff costs basically the same . 
  sea related stuff ( fish cans etc. ), 
  is also cheaper in germany . 
   i can get a beer for 21 cents in germany ah , those are n't really good . 
  i do n't like to go lower than `` 5,0 original '' ( ~ 40 cents ) . 
  hungarian low-end acceptable beers begin around 60 cents . 
   i am really humbled how people with an income of 500 $ manage to live there in relative comfort . 
  people do n't go to restaurants/caf \u00e9s / bakeries/clubs/vacations / skiing etc. 
  nearly as much as germans . 
  going to a restaurant is not like `` hey what is a good restaurant that you know in this neighborhood '' , but more something you do for a special birthday or anniversary . 
  also , regular , affordable bars are not as fancy as in germany , where there are waiters and fancy decorations and you can even order food etc. 
  also , people do n't buy as many fancy , branded clothes , they buy cheaper cars ( or none at all ) , lower quality stuff you do n't even think about like shittier furniture , flooring , bathroom appliances , beds/matresses etc. 
  in hungary ikea is considered posh and expensive by many people , while it has exactly the opposite connotations in germany of cheap `` throwaway '' - ish furniture . 
  there are many little things like that . 
  a better metric would be to subtract basic expenses from the average ( or median ) family income to cover utilities/rent/mortgage on a livable-sized similar quality home ( say ~ 70 m ^ 2 ) and basic food ( nothing fancy , just simple non-branded stuff ) and then see how much is left for entertainment/enjoyment / `` luxuries '' . 
  this would still show a big gap between western europe and eastern europe . 
  see , when a w european comes to budapest , for example , they think it 's all so cheap , but many locals ca n't afford to go to the same restaurants and caf\u00e9s that you find cheap . 
  many locals have no savings whatsoever and live from month to month ( meaning that their bank account balance literally goes to zero or negative at the end of the month ) . 
  i hear it so many times from w europeans that the salary difference does n't matter because prices are lower ... really , open an excel spreadsheet and try to budget with 500 euros . 
  look up prices at numbeo.com . 
   you ca n't live on that since things are also much more expensive here . 
  you ca n't live a danish lifestyle , including all the entertainment , going out etc. 
  i 'm not very sure about denmark , but in germany you can definitely * live * on 800 $ / month . 
  sure , you wo n't go to restaurants , you wo n't buy bio/organic food etc. , but you 'll live . 
   the practice kind ( nincs j\u00f3 szavam r\u00e1 , gyarkorlat volt no ) exercise session / tutorial, 
  at least in hungarian , we differentiate between `` lengyel '' ( `` polish '' , referring to nationality/ethnicity ) and `` lengyelorsz\u00e1gi '' ( adjective meaning `` from/in poland '' ) . 
  and while i understand the sentiment , i ca n't support punishing different interpretations of history . 
  it just leads too far . 
  i also do n't support laws that punish denial of the holocaust and the denial of communist crimes ( as we have in hungary ) . 
  there 's no shortcut ; one must eduate and inform people . 
  now , if a goverment does it , then it can be appropriate to take diplomatic steps . 
  but just because a foreign journalist has some anti-polish agenda , i do n't think it 's appropriate to imprison him/her . 
  no , i just said it as a trivia thing . 
  i like geography , maps , flags and such things . 
  the only thing i got to see in my life was serbia and montenegro splitting and then kosovo ( although it 's not fully recognized so it does n't fully count ) . 
  i always cheer for stuff like scottish and catalan independence so we can get new countries on the map . 
  now i say this less than seriously , obviously , but i find these things interesting for some reason . 
  i see further fragmentation possibilities !, 
  bosnia and herzegovina could split , then each could also split based on republika srpska vs federation thing , so we could have 4 countries there !, 
  well the dual citizenship question was 51.6 % yes vs 48.4 % no , so it was barely approved by those who `` got off their butt '' , thanks to the socialist ads and campaign saying that now 23 million romanians will be able to come and they will take our jobs , pensions , healthcare etc. 
   the average person in hungary imagines them to live 50 years in the past and like to point at them , quoting how we should ( have ) really live ( d ) , pining for times past . 
  these are the right-wing average people . 
  the left-wing average people think they are romanians/slovaks who ca n't even speak the language right and they will come and take our jobs . 
  for example when there 's a hungarian contestant from romania in tv shows like x factor , there 's an inevitable online storm of comments like `` what is this romanian doing here , they should go home '' etc. 
  there are people who are totally ignorant of history and will say `` oh , how nice that a romanian learned our language , he still has some accent , but it 's pretty good '' or something . 
   while with the ethnic hungarians all they have to be reminded is that they gave them the citizenship , something that was not on the table by the previous socialist government and boom fidesz fans for life . 
  it * was * on the table and the socialists had the opportunity , but instead they gave them the middle finger in the [ 2004 referendum about dual citizenship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_dual_citizenship_referendum,_2004 ) . 
  this was a big blow for the hungarians outside the border , mostly emotionally . 
  this was definitely remembered and talked about for years , also between ordinary people , when someone from hungary visited a hungarian-populated town outside hungary or vice versa .
