  hungarians do protest . 
  artistic expression is protected . 
  not artists . 
  artists still ca n't rally with swastikas as a form of endorsement and expression of support for the nazi regime 's crimes . 
  if we take your point of view , we could also say that `` historians are somewhat privileged '' . 
  no , the presentation and illustration and documentation of history is protected . 
  you could argue that lawyers and judges are incompetent at this , but then they can also hear an expert , just the way they do it in any case of professional debate . 
  obviously these are n't clear-cut things , unlike hard sciences or engineering , and there is some room for subjective judgement . 
  but that 's the nature of society and living together ; things are murky . 
  an average mortal can create art too . 
  there is no extra protection on being an artist by college degree or some government stamp of being recognized as an artist . 
  the issue is n't whether an `` artist '' does it but whether it is artistic expression . 
  the law does not categorize this sort of album as harmful , so we 'd be able to make better judgment if we could see something that 's actually lawfully on index . 
  but anyways , i do n't know . 
  i 'd leave it for germany and the germans to decide whether they think children and adolescents need such protection or not . 
  do you ask the same about horror movies ? 
  those do n't just sing about it but display such things . 
  they are artistic depictions of violence and torture . 
  it 's a performance . 
  actors are not serial killers , even if they play one in a movie . 
  similarly , the singer is n't violent himself , just because he has a song about violence . 
  because art is seen as something useful and valuable , something that makes culture move , makes people think and question etc. 
  there is also some kind of emotional distance involved . 
  art is `` contained '' or captured in its context ( like the framing , the museum , the duration of a concert etc. 
  ) , it 's not directly the artist expressing his `` real '' opinion . 
  it can be satire , acting , role-play , a ( perhaps obscene ) way to provoke disgust etc. 
  and it usually tries to bring across some bigger point , some kind of message . 
  just like watching a horror movie can make us feel good-excited , because we know it 's `` contained '' inside the movie and ca n't get us , art pieces usually do n't make people scared in a direct sense . 
  when a skinhead displays a swastika , it 's a direct expression of their stance , there is no creative `` twist '' involved ( like satire or artistic provocation ) , they simply express their agreement with the dictatorship and they directly endorse the murders of the regimes and this can genuinely scare people . 
  not horror-movie-excited-scared , but ` people-want-us-to-die ' - scared . 
  and yeah , the line between the two is murky and not clear-cut . 
  this is where the court has to make a somewhat subjective judgement whether the expression was artistic or not . 
  but courts routinely make similar common-sense-based judgements about intentions and motivations . 
   it 's reasonable to use swastikas or soviet symbols in films about the ww2 showing those symbols in non-endorsing way . 
  it 's also reasonable to use them in history books under the same condition . 
  no disagreement in that . 
  not that it 's too related to the issue at hand , but that 's not the full story about those symbols . 
  in hungary , for example , there are several different exceptions : any of : informational , educational , scientific , artistic use , presentation of events of history or the present so it does n't have to be a ww2 film . 
  if you draw some sick and perverted painting using these symbols and it 's recognized by court to be artistic expression , then you 're protected . 
  that 's quite usual . 
  it 's not that artists as people have extra privileges , rather artistic expression has . 
  for example in hungary , swastikas and hammer & sickle emblems can be used for artistic reasons , but they are banned for general use ( there are some other exceptions beside artistic purposes , like education etc. 
  as you see the cologne court already decided that they were `` unjustly punished '' so to speak . 
  but they do n't automatically get paid for damages , they have to sue on their own . 
   this is a stupid , anti-free speech law . 
  why did n't you read further ? 
  a court ruling decided that it was unlawful to ban it :  the album did not remain on the index : the administrative court in cologne removed the album from the list of morally harmful works after half a year , claiming the classification to be unlawful , as it neglected considerations of artistic freedom in its decision . 
   the martial , exaggerated portrayal of violence is a trademark style of the band , determined the court . 
  such staged representations are so distorted that they can not be considered `` realistic excesses of violence . '', 
  in the us it 's more normal . 
  in hungary weed makes you seen almost as a junkie . 
  in the us it seems to be a standard thing that young people do sometimes . 
  people just casually mention it . 
  in hungary it would be rather the edgy troublemakers of high school who do it , but they 'd also rather keep the fact to themselves and not speak too boldly about it . 
  or some cool , hip , liberal people . 
  or the `` street '' type of guys . 
  i mean , yeah , lot of young people do it or have at least tried , but the in the general cultural attitude it 's not as normal . 
  alcohol is the reverse . 
  i heard that even a good number of college students do n't drink in the us until they are 21 . 
  in hungary , getting shitfaced drunk till puking and blackout is no big deal for like 17-year-olds . 
  it 's not seen as something positive , but it 's not too shocking . 
  when i see non-science-interested people around me read such articles , they simply conclude that they ca n't trust ( nutrition ) science , so all nutrition advice must be bullshit and they get reaffirmed in consuming lots of garbage because `` who knows what will be ` good ' tomorrow '' . 
  many countries never used this symbol before the internet came along . 
  so we gave it some nickname based on its strange and foreign shape . 
  like the `` worm '' or the `` monkey tail '' , the `` crazy a '' , the `` round a '' etc. 
  for example in hungarian , when you pronounce an email address it 's like `` peter kukac gmail pont com '' , where `` kukac '' means worm . 
  it 's rather the `` other meaning of the word which is used as a name for the symbol @ '' , but it 's a bit long . 
  the weird thing in hungarian is that this is * always * used . 
  even for the most serious of serious things , they call it the `` worm '' or `` maggot '' , a word which is also a playful ( and benign , childish ) synonym for penis . 
  at first it sounded silly , especially if it 's a male name before it , but there is no other way to pronounce it . 
  meanwhile we got used to it and it 's not too weird any more , unless i stop and think about it a bit more . 
  we never used this symbol before the internet , and somehow this nickname got very widespread and alternativeless . 
   this is literally the definining tension between left and right wing , a collectivist and pro social value structure against an competitive and pro individual one . 
  that 's not true in every country . 
  in hungary it was the socialists who wanted to introduce more paid and private services in healthcare and tuition fees at universities and the right-wing organized a referendum to abolish having to pay for these things . 
  here the right-wing is more about conservativism ( culturally and morally ) , traditionalism , patriotism , etc. , and they actively support the welfare state idea . 
  at least in rhetoric they are against the very rich , the high profits of banks and multinational companies . 
  there is no global left-right tension . 
  it 's different in every country . 
  my favorite is probably the after eight chocolate mints . 
  of the hungarian ones , it 's [ sport szelet ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/sportszelet1.jpg ) , a really cheap one . 
  i 'm aware that it 's not a connoisseur type chocolate , but i like it ; sorry serious chocolate enthusiasts . 
  aand as close second we have [ t\u00far\u00f3 rudi ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/03/turo_rudi_-_broken_in_half.jpg ) , sour cottage cheese covered in chocolate !, 
  foreigner brains usually ca n't really process this thing , but it 's very popular among hungarians . 
  i do n't believe that somebody ate a lot of garbage food like frozen pizza all the time , did n't exercise and was skinny . 
  either he did n't eat a lot of it ( what 's a lot ? 
  are we talking 2800 kcal/day ? 
  ) , or he had a more active lifestyle than you think . 
  it 's extremely subjective when people say `` oh that guy eats a lot '' without closely , closely monitoring their food intake . 
  it 's very misleading , especially when you compare someone to yourself . 
   romania is ** the ** state of the romanians . 
  unlike in the past , where there were multiple romanian states . 
  how about moldova ? 
  they are kinda-almost-basically romanian , too . 
  i 'm generally * very * skeptical about such miracle stories where someone eats lots of garbage , does n't exercise and stays `` skinny as hell '' . 
  the human body does not work like this . 
  to put it bluntly , it 's an exuse that people fabricate to feel good about being fat , because `` it 's genetics '' . 
  yeah , there are genetic factors and also your gut flora is important , but in general , eating lots of junk food and not exercising makes you fat . 
  you can eat pizza every day , if your total calories do n't go very high ( and you do n't consume much sugar ) . 
  you wo n't necessarily be healthy ( as in blood levels ) , but you do n't get fat just because you eat pizza or burgers .
