  while at one particular village or group of villages you 'll mostly find one homogeneous culture , the different places are widely different . 
  in the us , you have a lot of local diversity almost everywhere , but it 's a similar sort of local diversity in different places . 
  if you go down the street in one place , you might see a heterogenous bunch of people , who have various origins and many people know about traditions of diverse origins . 
  i know that reality is not as extreme , though , so no need to point it out . 
  i 'm just trying to emphasize this difference in how you can interpret `` diverse '' . 
  ah , i get it , so your point is that it 's not just about the number of people and the size of the area . 
  that makes sense . 
   did this reform brought a standardization or had it been already standardized before ? 
  it had its beginnings in the first hungarian translation of the bible in the 16th century . 
  state documents were basically all in latin , so there was no standard hungarian , since there was no use for it . 
  indeed the bible translation by the calvinist g\u00e1sp\u00e1r k\u00e1rolyi was the first time that one variety of hungarian gained such widespread use over spread-out hungarian-speaking regions . 
  since in hungary , protestantism started in the north-eastern parts of the modern-day territory of hungary , the dialect of that region was used for most of the first hungarian-language printed books too , not just the bible . 
  but the language reform was the real big deal in the story of language standardization . 
  and actually the major figure of this movement , kazinczy ( and others ) were also from the same regions , so the dominance of the already kinda-standard variety increased . 
  in 1846 , the hungarian academy published its first book on the rules of hungarian orthography and `` proper use '' of the language . 
  the age of nationalism also brought more importance to the hungarian language as a symbol , against the german that was pushed on hungary from austria . 
  so there was a lot of `` language-protectionism '' , language purism and prescriptivism going on , which went on well into the 20th century and even to the present day . 
  many dialectal forms are branded simply wrong , stupid , uneducated etc. 
  but that 's a different story . 
   and following 1920 , does the magyar has had some , not say dialects , but divergences ? 
  yeah , it 's mostly about loanwords taken from the language of the respective countries that acquired those territories that were lost in trianon . 
  but there are also some minor grammatical , sentence structure things borrowed from those languages as well ( although sometimes it turns out that they are actually part of the original dialect and not borrowed ) . 
  however , since mass media became widespread , the dialects are becoming less and less used . 
  there definitely is some variations in pronunciation and vocabulary , but not as strong as in the generation of our grandparents who grew up before tv broadcasting started . 
  yeah , because then we have lots of slovaks , romanians , serbs etc. 
  also in the area . 
  there was a major language reform ( vocabulary reform ) in hungary in the 18th-19th centuries and lots of words were coined , archaic words were reintroduced , dialectal words became mainstream , loanwords were calqued ( translated element for element ) etc. 
  an astonishing number of quite basic words were created in the language reform . 
  and these words became a fully integral part of the language . 
  unless you read a dictionary , there 's no way to notice that they were `` artificially '' introduced . 
  these words span a wide range of concepts , they include those meaning * package , factory , beak , address , theory , idea , chance , revolution , curtain , machine , reptile , muscle , frame , pattern , generation , diary , waiter , policeman , role , sponge , hotel , line , music , shower , wave * etc. 
  and also since then , we usually like to translate foreign words , computer is `` sz\u00e1m\u00edt\u00f3g\u00e9p '' for example , literally `` computing machine '' . 
  it 's still by far not equivalent of the us president . 
  there 's not evena role called called the `` eu president '' . 
  the closest is the president of the european commission . 
  and that 's also barely known to most average people . 
  without the recent migrant issues , i think 90 % + of hungarians would n't even know who the president of the european commission is . 
  much less how he gets elected . 
  none . 
  the us is much more diverse than hungary , but that 's not hard with 30 times larger population and 100 times larger area . 
  is there a californian identity ? 
  a californian nation ? 
  do californians feel connected to each other in a way they are n't connected to their neighboring states ' population ? 
  i think that creating new countries is a major decision that ca n't be done on a whim . 
  i support the self-determination of peoples and nations , but california is n't really like that . 
  at the same time , i know that countries/nations do n't work the same way on the american continent as they work in europe . 
  america is a continent of immigrants ( and a small surviving native population ) so cultural differences do n't depend so strongly on geographical location as we have it over here . 
  so maybe americans would take a more pragmatic stance on such issues and say that new countries can be formed whenever the people 's interest points that way . 
  over here it 's not enough justification i think . 
  and therefore i do n't see why the international community would back such an aim . 
  because the us would n't let it happen , so california would need other allies internationally that can pressure the us into letting them out . 
  i ca n't see any such alliances forming . 
  and i think we can rule out secession by war . 
  donuts with holes , hamburgers , hot dogs , bbq , lots of melted cheese , stuff like that . 
  the eu ( an alliance of sovereign countries ) is not on the same level as the us ( a sovereign country ) . 
  if you want to make such comparisons , then compare country with country . 
  for example elections in the us and elections in germany or france etc. 
  less of those hard throat sounds in flemish . 
  lot of teenage shit i see on reddit : awkward , creepy , cringe , stalk , crush , bully , nerd , shaming ( as in body/fat/slut / etc. ), 
  also `` to chill '' . 
  for baking , yes . 
  for other stuff , recipes usually just say x tablespoons . 
  portions are just eyeballed and you usually take less for the first time and then if you are still hungry , you can take more . 
  health consciousness about food and fitness stuff is not a big thing here in traditional cuisine , but it 's becoming more popular . 
  hungary has a big problem with obesity and heart disease . 
  no matter what you do , you 'll have lots of places on earth you never visit . 
  just like you ca n't study everything at college , and ca n't try all jobs in existence you need to choose . 
  but i think the choice does n't matter that much . 
  these are all nice tourist destinations , you ca n't go wrong with any of them . 
  say : - two of london / paris / rome / amsterdam - one of prague / vienna / budapest ( i 'm all for budapest , but i 'm biased as i live here . ), 
  - one of venice / florence - one of madrid / barcelona / lisbon - french riviera / provence - +1 for a bullet point where the choice seems hardest this would yield 7 destinations . 
  that would leave 5-6 days for each place . 
  while 3 or 4 may seem enough , you have to factor in that you 'll also need to catch your breath . 
  over 6 weeks there will be days when you feel brain overload or foot ache and just want to chill . 
  i personally would n't enjoy such a rush . 
  you listed 13 cities and 9 countries . 
  i think you 'll barely be able to take in so many different cultures and atmospheres . 
  it will be running from tourist sight to tourist sight . 
  there will probably be a confused mishmash memory in your head after this trip , instead of some actual insight/understanding . 
  will you remember in one years time which church or food you saw/ate in which country and how each of those 13 cities felt like ? 
  not to mention that travelling this much takes a lot of energy . 
  sleeping 2-4 nights at each place and then travelling from place to place is a challenge even if you just do it for 2 weeks . 
  5 or 6 weeks like that seems very exhausting to me . 
  perhaps if you are very young and bursting with life energy it 's doable , but i would n't call it very enjoyable . 
  i 'd keep the number of countries and cities much lower , about the half of that seems reasonable . 
  of course different people like different things , but it seems way too dense for me personally . 
  i have to add that for some people 's purposes a faq can be better . 
  for example on the budapest and the hungary sub we get many questions about what to do as a tourist in budapest in 2-7 days . 
  the questions often do n't point out any unique interest of the op and show a total lack of prior research about the sights of budapest . 
  also there are relatively few people on these subs , so they 'd go mad if they had to type an original answer for each and every one of these very basic , default questions . 
  so i 'd say if there are a few very often repeated question that 's not too personalized , then it 's useful to have a link to that in the sidebar . 
  the main two problems with repetitive questions : - op gets less information compared to reading several , longer previous comment threads . 
  - the regulars at the sub get annoyed with dealing with the very same question . 
  these are less of a problem if the sub is bigger . 
  exactly . 
  the main feature / selling point of reddit is its interactivity , that your question is answered by actual humans right now ( in a few hours or days ) . 
  you could use google , wikipedia etc. , but you want some subjective opinion from people around the world , living and breathing right now . 
  i 'm not saying this way is the best , but it 's reddit 's way and people like it . 
  i also like the approach taken by stack exchange 's q&a sites that dislike repetition . 
  there it 's all about getting the answer to your question that you can then use .
