  if they welcome them , then why force them to do this hard journey ? 
  currently it 's being imported from china , but hungary is preparing to manufacture it as well . 
  and just a month ago when people talked about millions they were ridiculed and silenced as it 's only a few hundred thousand , and quotas were about 40,000 at the time . 
  and now when hungary says it 's potentially in the tens of millions or even more , that 's taken as ridiculous . 
  we will see !, 
  you see , that 's why no quota can work for the countries that want to end illegal entry to europe . 
  because the quota would have to be expanded weekly . 
  seems like nobody has the time to read an essay like this any more . 
  as it 's not one or the other extreme and makes finer points , it 's impossible to instantly circlejerk of flame about it . 
  slovenia-hungary is n't the outer schengen , but anyone with a map can see that this part can still be important because if we only continue until the border with slovenia then they can easily walk around it at the end . 
  the ledva/ledava part is shaped in a peculiar manner , such that it may make sense to come to hungary there . 
  yep , and they tear gassed the people in the camps in calais and destroyed their tents , but somehow that 's very humane and closely follows european values . 
  hypocrisy is incredible here . 
  hollande preaches next to merkel about european solidarity and values and then they offer 30k of the approx . 
  1 million arrivals to europe this year . 
  it does say that  the eu can not ignore the reality of the challenge faced today in member states managing the union 's external borders . 
  the external border remains the most important single point for establishing the stability of asylum and migration policy as a whole . 
  it is a strong external border which allows us to free up our internal borders through the schengen area , and to guarantee free movement of people . 
  so we must work more closely together to manage our external borders . 
  this means strengthening frontex and enhancing its mandate , and developing ** a fully operational european border and coast guard ** , to better protect the eu 's external borders and strengthen the eu 's ability to deploy resources quickly when a crisis occurs this gives us some hope . 
  but in the meantime , our fence must stay as the problem is pressing and urgent this very minute , not sometime in the future . 
  they are being constantly replaced with the newcomers as they are all moving north ... 
  it 's not like there is a fixed crowd there to be redistributed . 
  the flow is constant . 
  10,000 / day ... 
  i think france and western europe thinks/feels that the distance to greece or for that matter belgrade is much larger than it is . 
  they are watching the news as if it was happening in indonesia instead of at their doorstep ... 
  [ youtube mirror ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xji8gn96_jw ), 
  as i said , rumors in hungarian press , based on ( afaik unofficial ) information from hungarian government sources . 
  accept who ? 
  illegal migrants or those who want to apply for asylum in hungary and wait for the hungarian decision ? 
  unless austria ensures a legal way of taking migrants directly from serbia and croatia ( by that i mean buses and trains that do n't stop in hungary ) , there will be no illegal entry . 
  what if austria closes that border . 
  last time they sent 4 police officers to stop a crowd of 350 , so it was n't effective , but what if next time they send more ? 
  they may go towards italy ( they have already complained about hungary for doing this to them italians ) . 
  but maybe towards hungary and from there austria or slovakia-czech rebublic-germany . 
  but slovakia is also planning a fence , towards hungary . 
  anyway it 's a huge mess . 
  we are n't fencing you guys off . 
  only those who want to enter illegally . 
  there will be a lot more after hungary closes the border to illegal migrants from croatia ( still open for those seeking asylum in hungary , but coming from an eu country , they wo n't have high chances ) . 
  yes , it 's to stroke our european egos with the feeling of the superior moral civilization that helps out those in need . 
  the actual size of the global effects do n't matter , just that we can feel good about ourselves . 
  good luck in telling hundreds of thousands of people to leave . 
  there were rumors in hungarian press that the croatians might channel off the waters in the drava into an artificial lake in order to decrease water levels ( some parts are only 1.5-2 m deep ) so that migrants can cross it on foot . 
  they really seem determined . 
  so hungarians are paying close attention to the map of the depth of the drava and the shallow parts will be protected better . 
  ~ ~ i ca n't decipher this sentence . ~ ~ edit : okay , now i got it . 
  ~ ~ yesterday 298 from serbia and 7804 from croatia . 
  those 298 are detained and will get banned from the eu , and get an eu-wide criminal record . 
  [ source ] ( http://police.hu/hirek-es-informaciok/legfrissebb-hireink/hatarvadasz/napi-tajekoztato ) ~ ~ ah if you want the * maximum * before the fence , then look at [ this post of mine ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3m6gu2/daily_number_of_migrants_caught_in_hungary_this/ ) anything before 15th of september was from serbia . 
   cleaning toilets and working in construction as the natives feel too superior to do these jobs . 
  i know hungarians with university degrees working in bakeries , car washes etc. 
  because it still pays quite well . 
  they are n't living off welfare . 
  if people can not come to agreement and consider each other 's views absolutely insane , then there is no way to cooperate . 
  if two people live together in an apartment who have vastly opposing habits and ideas , they will not be able to keep it up . 
  if some countries say it 's a good thing that unidentified and unknown people are pouring in unregistered and unchecked by the thousands every day , and this is something that we should be happy about ; and other countries say this has to be stopped and we have to bring some order into this chaos by controlling the outside borders as we have agreed in schengen - then these two views are so vastly at odds with each other that we ca n't do anything else than say , the hungarian government is first and foremost responsible for the hungarian people 's safety and peace . 
  if other eu countries do n't cooperate in protecting the outside schengen and eu borders as it 's required by law , then we will protect what we * can * protect : our own borders . 
  greece and italy should be helped in defending their sea borders . 
  also if greece can not protect their islands because there are so many of them , then sorry greeks , you 'll either have to accept eu28 soldiers to help you or you 'll have to give those up and retreat to a number of islands that you * can * protect . 
  this is how history works . 
  oh come on . 
  you are freaked out by the symbolism of a fence . 
  but in hungary this is n't theory and symbolism . 
  unknown and unidentifiable people are entering * en masse * and the fence is there to channel people towards legal entry points . 
  you know , our slovenian friends can just go to the official border checkpoint and - if and and when border checks are reintroduced like in germany - show their id and be welcome in hungary . 
  how dare some people compare this to the iron curtain ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  it 's stopping * illegal * entry . 
  it 's like complaining that shops are closed at night because the poor people should be allowed in to take some food and clothes . 
  there are laws in place and anyone who is eligible for help * legally * , can get it . 
  they can get asylum if they are persecuted in the country where they are currently at . 
  they will get accommodation , food etc. 
  but those who are not legally eligible to this , will not get it . 
  islam is a religion , it 's not a race , so i can not understand your `` disclaimer '' . 
  i 'm against having any religious community who are incompatible with modern western values , this includes fundamentalist christians and i 'd be very concerned if they imported lots of westboro style christians or say , masses of scientologists or whatever . 
  i have nothing against `` mild '' , symbolic islam , but unfortunately many are brought up with a visceral aversion towards anything western . 
  of course there are symbolic muslims , too , who basically live a normal western life , but they take part in , say , ramadan , like cultural christians take part in christmas . 
  it 's perfectly fine . 
  the problem is that the cultural incompatibilities cause situations where muslims end up in isolated groups and feel like marginalized outsiders in a society that is practising alien values to them . 
  the problem is that integration is not a smooth thing . 
  an adult person 's main attitude towards life and society is already fixed . 
  they can learn the facts and know the situation , even act according to the rules here , but `` integration '' would imply something deeper . 
  for children , the parental guidance is very important and school can not fully overwrite it . 
  it 's also problematic that the philosophy of `` integration '' is , in its fundamentals , stating that the existing value system and culture are `` better '' and the newcomer should adapt to it , and leave their own behind . 
  it 's very easy to spin it so that it 's degrading a whole culture and civilization where the newcomers are from . 
  this is not really compatible with cultural and moral relativism that is now mainstream due to its `` peaceful '' , `` non-confrontative '' nature . 
  it 's in the motto . 
  `` united in diversity . '', 
  the idea is that cultures ( and value systems ) can live together without changing themselves and still feel united in a colorful fun mixture . 
  the transition from superficial culture ( e.g. 
  songs , dances ) to deeper culture ( e.g. 
  marriage rules ) to the core value system ( value of freedom of choice/speech , value of women ) is a smooth and blurred spectrum . 
  i 'm afraid and worried that the definition of culture and diversity will soon be extended to the deep value system parts as well , limiting `` integration '' to mean having a job , paying taxes and going to elections . 
  i do n't see how we can require more in the current eu ideology , i do n't see the philosophical underpinnings for it . 
  have you read my comment ? 
  there are places where they can hand in their application . 
  at the border there are those container boxes and those who are bussed by croatia to hungary are then transported by hungary to a registration camp near szentgotth\u00e1rd or k\u00f6rmend or v\u00e1mosszabadi ( near austrian border ) . 
  but they do n't want to register , this is clear , so we are less `` pushy '' now and we point out the direction towards austria and towards the registration camp and then we let them decide .
