  you can see it more in interviews as opposed to articles and opinion pieces . 
  it 's hard to swim against the stream . 
  i see , so basically pros and cons of learning ( more about ) a language . 
  the only point i 'd contest is about `` expressivity '' . 
  i think without exception such claims reflect the foreign language skill level of people . 
  i do n't think any native speaker struggles with expressing their ideas due to their language . 
  i hear too often , for example that hungarians say we have so many synonyms for nuance differences where english only has one or two words , but actually they are the ones who do n't know a lot of rarer english words . 
  i 'm actually very much interested in such things , and i 'd be super excited to read some analysis that can demonstrate that speakers of one language speak more expressively or `` colorfully '' than speakers of another language . 
  then germany will have to toughen up , i guess . 
  i 'm sure that german citizens have their limits too . 
  even with all the nazi guilt , there will be limits . 
  `` strengths and weaknesses '' of languages ? 
  seems to be a weird concept , i do n't really know what this would even mean . 
  can you say some examples ? 
  seems enough for avoiding cases like those mentioned in the article . 
  if enforced , that is . 
  but wo n't the police officer want to arrest you or do some other `` diensthandlung '' the moment someone attacks them ? 
  so if you keep punching the officer , it 's now resisting , is n't it ? 
  but that 's exactly the special law , is n't it ? 
  maybe it 's not very strict ( although it allows for imprisonment for up to 3 or 5 years ) , but it 's there . 
  what kind of other special law do you mean when you say it does n't exist ? 
  of course , if the general social and cultural situation gets to that point ( realistic fears of abuse from both sides ) , then stricter laws ca n't solve the issue by themselves . 
  ideally , people would simply respect authorities and `` know '' that they have special protection , the way soccer players do n't beat the referee , even if they do n't agree with his decision . 
  this allows police to carry out their legal duty ( arrest , take to police station , give tickets , whatever ) without having to resort to violence . 
  but this includes things like the upbringing of children and teaching them by example that police is a serious and respected thing . 
  what they have in the us between citizens and police is a disaster , just simply a catastrophe . 
  i hope we never get there in europe . 
  seems strange and i ca n't really believe it . 
  do you have any sources ? 
  not directly relevant to the particular case , but as this is / r/europe , i 'll mention that in hungary we have a separate thing called `` assault on a public official '' ( `` hivatalos szem\u00e9ly elleni er\u0151szak '' ) , an unofficial translation of the relevant parts of the criminal code in hungary :  assault on a public official  section 310  ( 1 ) any person who :  a ) attempts to prevent a public official or a foreign public official in his [ or her , hungarian has no gendered pronouns ] lawful proceedings by force or by threat of force ;  b ) takes certain action to compel a public official or a foreign public official to do , or to refrain from doing , some act ;  c ) assaults a public official or a foreign public official during or because of his proceedings ; is guilty of a felony punishable by imprisonment between one to five years . 
   ( 2 ) the penalty shall be imprisonment between two to eight years if the assault against a public official is committed in a gang , by displaying a deadly weapon or by carrying a deadly weapon . 
   ( 3 ) the organizer or head of the gang referred to in subsection ( 2 ) shall be punishable with imprisonment between five to ten years . 
   ( 4 ) any person who participates in a gang arranged to commit assault against a public official is guilty of a misdemeanor punishable by imprisonment not exceeding two years , while the organizer and the head of the gang shall be punishable for a felony by imprisonment not exceeding three years . 
   ( 5 ) the person who assaults a public official or a foreign public official because of his proceedings shall be punished according to subsections ( 1 ) - ( 4 ) , even if the assaulted person is no longer a public official or foreign public official at the time the criminal act was committed . 
   ( 6 ) any person who engages in preparations to commit assault against a public official is guilty of a misdemeanor punishable by imprisonment not exceeding one year . 
   ( 7 ) a person participating in the above-specified gang shall not be prosecuted under subsection ( 4 ) if he leaves the gang voluntarily or by order of an authority . 
  when you see ranges like `` two to eight years '' means that the default , standard sentence for the `` typical '' case must be 5 years and this can be modified in both directions in the range of 2-8 based on the circumstances . 
  i do n't mean police brutality and immediate shots . 
  i mean legal procedures , trials and going to jail . 
  mass incarceration is n't good either but a line should be drawn at physical violence against police . 
  how can i as a citizen feel safe if the police ca n't ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  is n't attacking authorities an especially serious crime ? 
  i thought you get years in prison if you attack police in any way , especially if you cause them bruises etc. . . 
  it 's the worst possible message to migrants if such crimes are tolerated . 
  '' [ t\u00e9r ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/t\u00e9r ) '' ( `` square '' ) is not of slavic origin but comes from proto-ugric * t\u00e4r\u025c meaning `` open space '' . 
  these titles are strange . 
  i thought when someone says something it 's written as `` source : information '' , not `` information : source '' . 
  but recently i 've seen many such `` reversed '' titles . 
  anyone knows how widespread this is , in what languages , since when etc ? 
   billboards those were pretty stupid billboards and i do n't feel good defending them , but they did n't talk about `` asylum seekers '' but ( economic ) immigrants . 
   virtually no humanitarian assistance is provided by the government for the thousands camped around the train station nor should it be provided there . 
  there are camps designated for this and asylum seekers get free train tickets to go to those camps ( bicske , v\u00e1mosszabadi , etc ) . 
  you ca n't just camp in the city center for days and weeks and demand to be fed right there . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  there are camps where they give food and shelter . 
  it 's not a 5 star hotel but people wo n't be hungry and have a roof above their head . 
   but why would they given the above ? 
  germany already complained when a train with about 3000 migrants was let to munich that it was n't according to the laws and asylum seekers should n't be let to germany , their decision was only about not sending syrians who reach germany back to hungary or greece by dublin iii . 
  ** germany never officially accepted the corridor idea ** . 
  if the hungarian state railway company mass transports them to munich it 's a great breach of law . 
  by contrast , the current situation is that they are taken by buses from croatia to camps near the austrian border where the migrants actually `` disappear '' ( i.e. 
  walk to austria on their own feet illegally ) . 
  this is an illegal thing , but the hungarian authorities are * not actively taking them through the border * . 
  i do n't know about any other thing hungary could do that is acceptable by law from their side and practical . 
  the other ( currently impractical due to the potential uproar ) solution is to enforce border controls on the southern border and forbid illegal entry altogether , and quickly process asylum claims , the vast majority of which are unfounded due to coming through safe countries . 
   hungary has repeatedly indicated that they do n't want asylum seekers . 
  you were misled by the media because hungary never said this and it would be an absurdity to say it . 
  asylum seekers are n't something that a country can `` want '' or not . 
  the pm said `` please do n't come '' to people who are already safe in some country , but think they can get a better life in europe simply by showing up . 
  when an actual asylum seeker comes , then by international conventions hungary starts the legal procedure to determine if they are eligible . 
   is hungary legally required to pro-actively stop people from leaving to germany ? 
  during the assessment of the asylum applications , asylum seekers are free to move around inside hungary and are n't actively monitored by the police , so in practice they might leave hungary illegally . 
  they are given shelter in a designated camp and if they are not to be found there for a long enough time , their asylum procedure is terminated . 
  in case of international trains , the railway company can ask for passport etc. 
  before letting people board a train to , say , munich . 
  just like at airports . 
  you know , to keep laws and not to actively flood other countries with illegally entering people . 
   likewise , what difference is there to hungary whether asylum seekers enter legally or not ( if they are anyhow moving on to another country ) ? 
  simply that . 
  whether they enter legally or illegally . 
  i do n't know what else you expect . 
  there are laws about crossing borders and they should be enforced . 
  why we check people when they cross borders and why there are things like passports , visas , citizenships etc. 
  are interesting questions of history and the philosophical basics of governance , but it 's been like that for a long long time . 
  if you enter a country you need to follow legal procedures . 
  i find it absurd that some people think these laws should be ignored if a large enough crowd wants to enter a country illegally and they promise to move on ( just as illegally ) to another neighbor country . 
  for one , who is to say they will be let into that other country illegally ? 
  also , there 's the schengen agreement which makes border control at the outside borders even more important . 
  being peaceful and unarmed is not a replacement for travel documents or other legal entry ( e.g. 
  seeking asylum immediately ) . 
  it 's not a question of preference . 
  if an asylum seeker comes to hungary , then hungary has to process them . 
  this does n't even have much to do with dublin . 
  but those who seek asylum in hungary can not legally leave hungary ( without the proper visa etc. ) . 
  they do n't have the right to travel even inside the schengen area . 
  the fence is there to forbid illegal entry to the country ( secretly through forests etc. ) . 
  in practice , however , there is an illegal and unofficial `` corridor '' from serbia to croatia to hungary to austria to germany . 
  but the official stance of germany and austria is that there is no corridor and there should n't be a corridor either . 
  schengen and dublin rules are in effect and they should be kept .
