  then please exert pressure on your government to let them board the trains in budapest . 
  and then to create direct flights , skipping the dangerous balkan route . 
  [ german embassy says ] ( http://www.budapest.diplo.de/ ) :  due to recent events the german embassy budapest allows itself to point out the following : the dublin convention is applicable european legislation . 
  this means that applicants for asylum are required to register themselves in the country through which they entered the eu border . 
  the asylum procedure is principally to be performed in that country . 
  ** [ live stream from the railway station ] ( http://video.repubblica.it/dossier/immigrati-2015/migranti-alla-stazione-keleti-la-diretta-da-budapest/210640/209789 ) ** edit : there 's also [ another one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukt3-s-ohd0 ), 
  i think people still remember it and have a bitter taste of it . 
  maybe not the youngest generation , though . 
  what 's propaganda about that ? 
  they really did n't do shit . 
  they do n't think that far . 
  they are like a child who loves to pet its new little bunny feeling warm and fuzzy , until it 's too much of a burden and gets annoying after easter . 
  maybe there is now a big motivated spirit and atmosphere in germany , but will they keep this up for years and years to come ? 
  * let them fly directly from turkey to germany !, 
  * why are eu leaders allowing this to happen ? 
  desperate people crossing the aegean sea , embarking on risky trips , crossing multiple borders in secret , without information and supplies . 
  how are families supposed to make this journey ?? 
  if germany says they need this new workforce for the ageing society , then why make them go through this arduous journey ? 
  let them fly directly to germany !, 
  they 'd be there in 2-3 hours instead of days or weeks of hardship . 
  how can you let this happen ? 
   social legal norms like what ? 
  i ca n't confirm that number , and must vary a lot between what you compare . 
  if you compare central vienna with a village across the border , you get different numbers . 
  anyway , say food and cigarettes are 33 % cheaper , i.e. 
  cost 67 % of the price in austria ( i 'd say 15 % seems more realistic , but anyway ) . 
  how much more is your salary compared to someone doing the same in hungary ? 
  is it just 1.5 x as much ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i have no point to make with this , i 'm simply tired of this immediate response of `` but the living costs ! '' . 
  even factoring that in , it 's very different . 
  well , you could be right . 
  if norway and switzerland can get away with not being in the eu , why could n't the uk ... 
   german government wants to blackmail hungary into joining the quota system sadly , this seems like the only possible explanation . 
  these people will get very angry in a few days . 
  they blame the hungarian police for blocking their way . 
  if any conflict with the police happens , we will be all over the news and headlines as some terrible inhumane dictatorship , aggressive police state , full on attacks on orb\u00e1n as a far-right xenophobe ... 
  i mean i really hate orb\u00e1n 's internal shit , building stadiums and dripping money to loyal construction companies , their two-bit populist rhetoric about the reduced utility bills etc. 
  but i say we are handling this to the best of our possibilities . 
  i mean , last week . 
  were all refugees in the camps in peace , or did they slowly leave with the trains ? 
  nobody can keep the uk in the eu against their own will . 
  quitting has its downsides as to international reputation etc , but if they think it 's still worth leaving , then they will . 
  do you know the reason of the current sudden congestion ? 
  i mean , where did they go last week ? 
  did police let them board the train to munich then ? 
  i think it 's fully compatible to think that the refugees are doing what 's right for them and we 'd do the same + the current influx is not sustainable and highly dangerous . 
  what will happen in a few days if these people get truly angry and desperate ? 
  what if the police has to go in and disperse the crowd ? 
  what will be the headlines ? 
  if germany keeps ignoring it , it will be inevitable , i 'm telling you . 
  i hope the v4 countries ( poland , czech , slovakia , hungary ) come up with something on friday , like sending joint police forces to hungary . 
  there is no end in sight . 
  4200 people crossed to greece just last night . 
  what if they and the ones currently between greece and serbia also reach budapest ? 
  what do we do with tens of thousands of desperate young men then ? 
  we do n't have the resources to use for solidarity , except our land area . 
  but we wo n't be the secondary outskirts of some gated core europe , an area where the rich can push out their problems . 
  as another redditor pointed out , germany is bargaining about the refugees like about some kind of `` nuclear waste '' that needs to be dumped on someone else 's land . 
  sorry , if you invite them , you take care of them . 
  there is no end in sight of this . 
  i 'm sure hungarians would be fine about taking a few hundred of them or a thousand , in small groups dispersed over the country . 
  but we ca n't take a town 's worth of them . 
  we have our own problems , we are n't sweden or germany . 
  right . 
  ` human right ' \u2260 ` understandable , i 'd do the same ' even as i agree with them on an individual level , this is a large crowd with large impact . 
  they enter hungary because it 's on the way to germany . 
  it has nothing to do with being in the eu . 
  and one time germans say they can do this , they have the resources to accommodate as many as necessary , and next time they do n't let them to germany and make them crowd up in budapest . 
  talk straight , germany !, 
  germany can declare whatever it wants . 
  it 's called national sovereignty . 
  it 's not the united states of europe with merkel as president , so she ca n't order countries about what to do . 
  hungary upholds its international obligations . 
  anything above that is at the discretion of the individual governments . 
  sovereign nations have to negotiate with each other on equal terms , and be prepared to accept no as an answer . 
  brussels and berlin are n't soviet moscow to make orders . 
  because western countries are in the eu are charity organizations , right ? 
  all rainbows and unicorn farts , trying to give loads of money to the ungrateful east ... how can people be this naive ? 
  it 's in their own interest to have the eu , they are n't offering charity or help . 
  it 's an economic deal , supposedly for mutual benefit among equals . 
  the money that the eu gives to the east is not `` aid '' , it 's part of a signed contract , nobody has to be grateful just because the other side does its contractual obligation . 
  i highly doubt they are dead or anything like that . 
  probably just some cultural thing , a way of expressing desperation , probably . 
  4200 people crossed to greece just last night . 
  it will not stop . 
  something must happen , because these people are piling up and are getting angry and will riot if they are left without any information from germany . 
  they expect germany to accept them . 
  they see the news , they see that there 's so much help in munich that police has to tell people not to help this much . 
  they hear the politicians who say refugees welcome . 
  they are desperate to go on . 
  something must be done very fast , or it will get violent !, 
   they get asylum in hungary why not in serbia ? 
  why did they leave serbia ? 
  they want to go to germany because germans are inviting them . 
  germans should now either tell them to go away ( and send police help for this ) or take the trains . 
  some more , smaller news from the police in the last day from around the country :  ** [ not willing to follow their regulatory obligations ] ( http://police.hu/hirek-es-informaciok/legfrissebb-hireink/kozrendvedelem/kozlemeny-10 ) **  among a group of asylum seeking illegal border crossers sent from kiskunhalas to the immigration and citizenship office in debrecen several people have stated that they are not willing to board the trains to debrecen ( a smaller group continued travel ) . 
  partially undressed , partially holding their children in front of them , are demanding to be able to get freely to germany . 
   to ensure the smooth operation of the railway , police took the necessary measures , however , changes are expected in train traffic on the track in question . 
   those submitting refugee application may move freely in hungary at this stage of the asylum process , however , by requirement of the authorities , they must , in 24 hours , appear in the reception centers assigned to them for the duration of the assessment of their case .
