  and it contained cities with 80 % + hungarian majority . 
  so how was it legitimate to extend westward so much beyond the historic borders of transylvania ? 
  ( the answer is economy , infrastructure , railways etc. , that 's why the szatm\u00e1rn\u00e9meti-arad line was so important ) and there were no referendums organized along the new border , to let people decide for themselves . 
  the only place where a referendum was allowed was sopron , western hungary and they voted to stay . 
  it could have been organized in a way that could have left much better relations between the two neighboring countries . 
  including an autonomous region for sz\u00e9kelys . 
  but the way it was done can not be celebrated by hungarians , at least not official representatives of hungary . 
  i do n't care about who was where first . 
  that 's an issue going back more than a 1000 years and there are few reliable sources from that time . 
  what i 'm serious about is that hungarian diplomats should not celebrate hungarian tragedies . 
  it would be great to share the celebration on romania 's national day if it were about some other event . 
  but on this day hungarian officials ca n't celebrate unfortunately . 
  if the national day of romania celebrated something else , then of course hungarian diplomats should absolutely go there . 
  but it celebrates a tragedy of hungarian history , so it would be inappropriate to go there . 
  it 's not even the birthday of romania ( as the title says ) as the kingdom of romania was established much earlier . 
  i 'm all for hungarian diplomats going to events organized by romania , but this date is inappropriate for that . 
  which makes sense if you know a little history . 
  it would be pretty perverse to celebrate that more than 1.6 million hungarians were put under foreign rule , including majority hungarian cities and regions and to this day they can not have their autonomous region inside romania and can not use their symbols . 
  because one nation 's joy can be another 's tragedy . 
  transylvanian towns have german names because of the [ transylvanian saxons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transylvanian_saxons ) , not because of being ruled by austria . 
  and transylvania was autonomous for a long time , and even independent and ruled by hungarian nobility during the ottoman times . 
  there was only a short time when it was directly ruled by austria . 
  in my university 's dorm [ this ] ( http://images.slideplayer.hu/8/2176968/slides/slide_8.jpg ) was how rooms looked . 
  very recently renovated , so the furnishing and the room itself is nice , but still ... four people on 20.3 m ^ 2 . 
  there are two bunk beds , four desks and one cabinet . 
  more than a thousand students in [ this building ] ( http://ko.bme.hu/sld/9.jpg ) . 
  what you have in german dorms is pure luxury . 
  i was in germany as an exchange student and having one 's own room was just so great . 
   human poop on the sidewalks pretty often that 's quite an exaggeration there . 
  perhaps you saw some homeless-shit in a dirty park or the ghettoish area once , but it 's not like you 'd see it `` often '' . 
  depending on when you visited , it may have changed somewhat . 
  there 's now a new train station combined with the terminal station of a newly built metro line there . 
  [ the crappy building ] ( http://budapestcity.org/03-muemlekek/11/kelenfoldi-palyaudvar/kep2.jpg ) is still there , though . 
  but it ca n't be simply demolished because it 's under `` monument building protection '' or i do n't know how they say it in english . 
  it 's considered an important old building and should be renovated sometime . 
  ( pleasant holidays ) but that includes new year 's day as well . 
  ( happy christmas ) . 
  i do n't know about the origins of kellemes \u00fcnnepeket , but today it does n't feel artificial or forced at all . 
  it 's just one of the possibilities , it 's not specifically for pc people . 
  i could imagine however , that it was popularized in the anti-religious communist years . 
  but i 'm not sure . 
  most people are at least culturally christian here , except for the jews . 
  there 's no controversy around saying merry christmas here . 
  obviously you do n't say it to someone that you know is jewish and does n't celebrate it . 
  we do n't call it secret santa since in hungary santa comes on 6th of december and christmas gifts are brought by baby jesus . 
  but yeah we had it in school every year and people sometimes do it a work too . 
  left and right do n't mean the same in every country ( even `` conservative '' does n't mean the same thing in hungary as in the us ) . 
  but anyway , our right-wing has about 65-70 % of the voters at the moment and about 78 % of the seats in parliament . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i do n't understand what `` which way goes which '' means in this case , but i 'm not a native speaker of english . 
  they 'd be immigrants in tibet , a foreign family that has settled there . 
  the children who are born in tibet would be in a very difficult situation , growing up with three cultures , speaking several languages probably . 
  if they participate enough in tibetan life and show enough commitment , they may become accepted by tibetans to the point of marrying with them . 
  then after a few generations of having children with the local population , the senegalese and taiwanese identity would probably fade away and the new generations would only have a real connection to tibetan culture , with a vague curious fact about some of their ancestors coming from far away . 
   that 's more a `` 14 year olds on the internet '' thing . 
  yeah , that 's my impression too . 
  it 's like the moment when kids learn something and now know a little bit more about a topic they start to emphasize that very much and become hostile to kids who lag one step behind in knowing that thing and would only learn about it like a year or two later . 
  this happens with sex , music , movies , europe , anything . 
  and since the `` knowledgeable '' kids are just a tiny bit ahead of the others , they also often spread total nonsense but seem confident so others believe them . 
  this feels the same . 
  like an american kid would say to a classmate `` my mom told me we are italians , haha , no wonder i like pizza '' and the other going `` ah you are so stupid to think you are so italian with that pizza , my parents actually took me to italy last summer and they have totally different type of pizza , and italian culture is just so much more !! '', 
  it 's like a typical one-upping bragging game that kids play . 
  first `` african '' is not an ethnicity and africa is not a country . 
  but i do n't get the question . 
  the children would simply be like `` i have a chinese father and a [ ... african ethnicity ... ] mother '' . 
  usually after a few generations the chinese identity would disappear and the family would assimilate into the local culture . 
  this never happened to me , but i also do n't talk to many americans . 
  one i met in germany was pretty reluctant to talk about his great-great-grandparents going from germany to the us . 
  now i think perhaps he had bad reactions before ? 
  strange . 
  i was actually interested in hearing what he knows about it . 
  i do n't know how americans phrase this thing when they get bad reactions ... like `` so awesome to be german/polish just like you guys , wooo !! '', 
  perhaps ? 
  like if you just casually say `` my ancestors actually came to the us from germany/poland '' deep into a conversation ( i.e. 
  not the very first thing you say ) i ca n't see how it can bother anybody . 
  i only know about this whole `` controversy '' from reddit , i 've never seen either side of the story in real life , i.e. 
  either non-hungarians claiming to be hungarian instead of hungarian-american or of hungarian ancestry , or people getting upset about americans looking into their ancestry . 
  the whole drama sounds pretty immature , i guess this kind of conversation happens among kids or in high school . 
  but it might be different in other european countries . 
  in hungary we are already pleased and satisfied if someone knows about hungary or shows any kind of interest at all . 
  i can see how too much of it can be annoying , e.g. 
  for irish people . 
  never heard of either . 
  do they speak the language ? 
  did they grow up with hungarian folk tales , hungarian animated films , can they sing basic hungarian folk songs , did they grow up listening to hungarian bands , do they know hungarian movies , actors , singers , writers , poets ? 
  did they grow up learning about hungarian history ? 
  probably not . 
  we usually call them `` people of hungarian origin '' or `` of hungarian ancestry '' ( magyar sz\u00e1rmaz\u00e1s\u00fa ) . 
  there 's nothing negative implied , this is a neutral , descriptive term . 
  if they return to hungary then they are people of hungarian origin who returned to hungary . 
  if their children grow up here , then they become normal hungarians again . 
  very different from my grandparents ( born in the 1920s and 30s ) , but quite similar to my parents ( born in the 1950s and 60s ) . 
  now obviously there are some differences but i feel the generational gap between my parents and grandparents is larger than the gap between me and my parents . 
  my grandparents were peasants and simple factory workers and did n't leave their town/region for most of their lives , never owned a car , did n't have a single full shelf of books , while my parents grew up with pop and rock music , watched tv as children , went abroad , wore jeans , studied at university etc. 
  my grandparents struggle with mobile phones , while my parents use the internet and smartphones routinely . 
  we have several legends . 
  one is the legend of the wonderdeer ( csodaszarvas ) . 
  the story goes that two brothers , hunor and magor went out hunting and they found a beautiful white deer . 
  they followed her for many many days , through hills and valleys , through swamps and fields , until they found a beautiful land with lush grass and all nice stuff , so they settled . 
  the descendants of hunor became the huns , the descendants of magor became the hungarians ( `` magyar '' in hungarian ) .
