  but this does n't change the facts . 
  no i stated the facts . 
  if germany keeps up the current policy , then millions will go there . 
  it does n't matter if merkel spits at eastern countries for a lack of `` solidarity '' . 
  this is not about `` blaming '' . 
  it 's simple facts . 
  you can play the `` ostrich '' tactics of digging your head in the sand but reality stays . 
  one picture : a child and two women . 
  [ actually this is what the crowd is like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pfgnzkt8dg ), 
  [ actual footage of the crowd ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pfgnzkt8dg ) [ german news ] ( http://www.tagesschau.de/multimedia/video/video-117941.html ), 
  for some reason all are ( and were ) all on their way to germany and sweden ( from the balkan route ) . 
  this is a middle east to western europe migration . 
  the big lie of german media is that these people are coming to `` europe '' . 
  no they are going to germany and germany accepts them without limit , the only condition is that they have to be strong enough to cross seas , borders illegally , demand strongly enough to be let through , go on hunger strikes , walk on railroads and motorways and attack police . 
  * then * if you went through all that you get celebrated as a hero on german train stations with balloons and applause . 
  so there 's no reason for surprise . 
  germany will get them as long as they keep this stance . 
  but even if they change their mind it 's too late . 
  germany will eat what they cooked , millions of new mitb\u00fcrger . 
  and she 's an extreme hypocrite , not giving the migrants visas , nor accepting direct trains from greece , nor planes from turkey and syria . 
  they just expect eastern states to somehow humanely keep them away or give these hundreds of thousands of people 5 star hotels and benefits above the minimum wage of the respective countries . 
  ( by the way , the hungarian state already pays 4300 huf = 13.8 eur/day for the costs of taking care of each migrant , which is more than the minimum wage in hungary ), 
   it 's one thing if you 're fleeing from a war zone directly . 
  this kind of behaviour would be completely understandable , if on one side of the river there would be war and on the other , peace . 
  of course you want to get to the other side as soon as possible . 
  that 's precisely the intention in the geneva convention . 
  they are allowed to cross the immediate border illegally to run away from guns and violence and then immediately look for the authorities there . 
  they ca n't be expected to look for the official border crossing when running directly from gunmen . 
  but here it 's very different . 
  this was n't the intention in refugee laws and agreements at all . 
  because it shows that they are n't fleeing for their lives , but they are explicitly migrating into germany , but germany fucks with the countries on the migration route and says we should keep up laws but when we do it 's still inhumane , but then they wo n't create direct greece-germany transit trains or turkey-germany flights . 
  germany uses eastern europe as a sort of buffer zone , like a bumper of a car . 
  but it wo n't work . 
  migrants will force their way through unless germany assumes a firm stance against them . 
  i follow german media , so i know about csu . 
  but still , if you do n't take them , will you leave them to hungary , serbia , croatia , slovenia ? 
  you can not nope out any more . 
  unless germany becomes actively hostile to migrants , they will go there and there is zero hope of stopping this with just words . 
  fences , walls , and physical violence would be the only way to stop it . 
  that 's reality . 
  if the eu decides not to enforce its borders then millions will go to germany . 
  merkel can point to inhumane treatment in hungary of in the balkan states , but still the fact remains : * all * will go to germany . 
  because there is basically no hungarian community in croatia ( at least nowhere near the scale like in romania/slovakia ) . 
  and this is due to the fact that the hungarian-croatian border has a long history and was n't drawn up in trianon . 
  before this crisis , austria , slovenia and croatia were our best neighbors . 
  we have a long common history with croatia in personal union , we have n't really had historic conflicts , there is basically no hungarian minority in croatia , so it was pretty good . 
  haha , 700 . 
  austria got 12,000 just on saturday . 
  once germany is filled up , you will be next . 
   stabilising their country are you willing to send hungarian troops to fight in syria ? 
  not just bombing but actual land operations ? 
  i am not . 
  we simply need to secure the outer eu borders at the mediterranean and stop thinking that we can fix every conflict around the world . 
  why do you speculate when you clearly do n't know what you are talking about ? 
  what is criminal offence and what is not , is independent of the `` crisis state '' . 
  criminal offence is to damage the fence ( for example by trampling it down , pulling it up etc ) . 
  just passing where there is no fence is not a criminal offence , but a smaller law violation . 
  austrians seem to be fine with this , i have n't heard of mass protests in vienna demanding the government to resign . 
  unless you do that , you will get a lot more migrants . 
  now politicians seem to just hope that the winter will stop them and then a miracle will happen and they wo n't come in the spring . 
  pointless . 
  without a fence they wo n't be able to keep tens of thousands of people out ( without using lethal weapons ) . 
  camp conditions are okay . 
  they do n't even bother to go in there . 
  they prefer to just sleep outside and just move on towards austria . 
  somehow people still do n't get this . 
  they are n't looking for safety , they are looking for germany . 
  from the day they left turkey . 
  it 's not like they look at the hungarian camp and say `` nope '' . 
  they do n't even stop in austria . 
  germany will get * all * migrants that are currently in the balkans . 
  unless it starts supporting harsh rules on the greek-turkish and bulgarian-turkish border , you will get millions of people . 
  it 's not just a punishment but simply giving out the protection of the southern hungarian border to such an incompetent state is risky for national security , too . 
  they knew about the fence being constructed but they did n't believe migrants would actually divert their route towards croatia and so they collapsed . 
  hungary is basically the only country that is actually trying to act according to international law and gets a huge shitstorm for it . 
  the fence at the serbian border works excellently . 
  the croatian fence will also work in a few days . 
  look . 
  if we bring them to eastern hungary , they will just march on towards austria on motorways or go to keleti again . 
  it would again cripple the infrastructure . 
  unless we put them in prison , they will move on even by foot . 
  do you want to see marching children ? 
  huge inhumane crowds at the train station ? 
  should we put them in prison ? 
  last time we tried to put them in the bicske camp we were all inhumane and that guy threw the woman and baby on the train tracks , they threw away food etc. 
  these people want to go to germany very very much . 
  passing them on is obviously not an optimal situation but it 's only temporary until the whole fence is ready . 
  then we can defend the fence against riots and attacks with tear gas and water cannons and if need be with rubber bullets . 
  again , the only solution is not to let them in . 
  austria should support hungary in keeping migrants out . 
  otherwise every single one who enters hungary will move on to austria , unless austria also builds a fence . 
  these reserve people will do the jobs in the military establishments around the country where the everyday chores have n't been done for days or weeks now because almost all soldiers are working on building the fence . 
  it 's not unnecessary . 
  the migration can not be stopped at the border if there is no fence . 
  once they enter hungary there is no other choice than to allow them to pass to austria because they will protest and walk there even by foot . 
  impossible . 
  all that are in the balkans now will reach germany in a couple of days , or at most a week or two . 
  what we need to stop is the next wave that 's still in turkey . 
  those who are already in the balkans can be considered to be in germany for all intents and purposes . 
  it 's impossible to defend a border without fences .
