  yeah , that 's why most people do n't drink water here when eating out . 
  frankly , it 's just different customs and traditions . 
  in the us , you have free refills and free tap water but huge tips , in europe the drinks are known to be expensive but the tips are lower . 
  you could use the same opportunity cost argument to say that you 'd rather buy another beer than tip . 
   it gets expensive then you 're going to places you ca n't afford . 
  restaurants * are * expensive , most people do n't go to restaurants regularly . 
  certainly in the eastern part of europe it 's kinda reserved for celebrations ( for the average earner ) . 
  still , in many hungarian restaurants you get a 0.75 liter bottle for 2.50 $ . 
  yeah , it 's more expensive in western europe , because people are richer there . 
  if it 's expensive to you , i can relate , i also ca n't afford eating out in fancy western european restaurants , except for some really special occasions . 
  it 's seen almost as an insult to ask for tap water because it says that you do n't want to pay for your drinks ( you 'd probably be outraged if they asked money for it ) . 
  anyways , in the us you have huge tips ( ~ 25 % , as i heard ) , here it 's rather 8-10 % . 
  food is priced such that they factor in drink consumption . 
  so asking for tap water looks like being some extremely cheap ass frugal jerk . 
  it 's almost ( not really , but almost ) like saying `` i 'd prefer to walk to the kitchen door , give my order to the cook and walk there again to take the food when it 's done , so i do n't need waiters so i wan na pay less '' . 
  you want to do away with something that 's considered a standard part of restaurant culture , buying drinks . 
  in cheaper canteens and buffets it 's not `` required '' , there you are expected to be poorer and frugal anyways . 
  but in restaurants with waiters , not buying drinks is not normal . 
  also , depending on the location , tap water might taste slightly `` off '' , perhaps good for home , but not adequate for the profile of a restaurant . 
  bottled water has consistent quality and taste , so the consumer knows what to expect . 
  also , many people like fizzy drinks , like fizzy mineral water . 
  also , it 's something of a status symbol . 
  if you drink tap water you seem poor . 
  part of it is advertisement , with beautiful health conscious fit girls shown drinking these mineral waters . 
  but this varies somewhat among european countries . 
  for example in hungarian student canteens , we always had tap water on all tables . 
  in german canteens ( mensa ) they do n't . 
  another difference is that we have no free refills . 
  but again , you have to see the whole system in its entirety , with waiter wages , tipping culture , etc. 
  as well . 
  you started out on a sparsely populated land , where everyone could just move , work hard , build their own little house and form a community from the ground up . 
  an almost totally free and unregulated starting point . 
  you then see every additional regulation in comparison to those olden times when you had nobody above you . 
  in comparison , europe used to have monarchies and empires and feudalism up to the 19th century . 
  we 've always had a central authority . 
  and we 're happy that we managed to go from an absolutist monarch to a democratically elected government . 
  we see that government as something we elect and they are supposed to organize things like education , healthcare , pensions , welfare , enforce worker 's rights , guarantee our safety etc. 
  we do n't see it as some external entity imposed on us . 
  i mean sometimes we do , but then we protest and it 's a sign that the govt is n't doing what it 's supposed to do . 
  many people are skeptical about and hate the particular government , but the idea of having a government is universally seen as good . 
  we mostly protest when things like education and healthcare are n't managed well , etc. 
  we do n't want to live like the wild west , as we never lived like that and it 's not appealing to us . 
  yes , most of us wear [ stuff like this ] ( http://playersroom.hu/upload_files/products/fw02735_0094_1.jpg ) in public showers . 
  it 's to prevent athlete 's foot ( fungal infection ) . 
  we were taught to do it in school swimming education , too . 
  public showers used to be pretty run down ( rusty , crumbling , broken or fallen tiles , cracks with fungus etc. 
  ) , so it was a natural reaction to want to wear something . 
  nowadays , the facilities are better , but i guess we keep the habit . 
  it 's also not a big deal and it 's better to prevent athlete 's foot than to treat it for weeks . 
   when it really comes down to it , most people 's actual lives are n't really significantly affected by who the president is . 
  that 's really not true . 
  it can massively affect people . 
  but the thing is , it still happens and most people do n't get anything valuable from watching 24-hour news channels and constantly refreshing cnn.com ( or news subreddits ) . 
  the news is just designed to be watched by a lot of people so they get ad money . 
  it 's purposefully outrageous , controversial , dumb , conflict-inciting , exaggerated , oversimplified etc. 
  you 're better off reading some books on current world conflicts , on economics , sociology etc. , than watching every fart of trump & co. 
  i think reading the news daily on a sensible online portal is still useful , it lets you stay up-to-date on major issues , but it has to be done in a conscious fashion . 
   main subjects at my school were german , english , math and a 4th one which was module oriented . 
  yeah it 's basically the same except history . 
  in our abitur the subjects are math , history , hungarian , a foreign language and a free choice . 
  but what we call `` hungarian '' is basically literature ( both hungarian and world literature ) with the occasional lessons in hungarian grammar ( presented pretty pseudo-scientifically , lagging decades or centuries behind modern linguistics ) . 
  i guess what you call german also includes world literature . 
   70 years is enough time to add something to the curriculum . 
  yeah , although we basically stopped at 1990 , so it 's just 55 years , but yeah , it takes some time . 
  we also have some choice in this sense . 
  first , the choice of the secondary school . 
  some are more humanities oriented , some more science oriented . 
  and even in the same school there are special focus classes ( each year class a would be math-focused , b biology-focused , c literature , etc. ) . 
  then for the last two years we could also pick some subjects , for which we had more and deeper classes , to prepare for the equivalent of abitur here . 
  but history is considered as one of the three main , basic subjects ( math , literature , history ) that you learn all the way from 5th to 12th class . 
   i guess what my point really is , is that it is very possible ( and naturally surprising ) to go through all of high school ( in germany ) and never cover the topic of wwii . 
  well , if you go chronologically , you 'd expect it to be somewhere near the end , probably in 12th grade , as it was the case in my school . 
  so perhaps you dropped it before they got there . 
  but you said stuff about 11th and 12th grade . 
  those are before the age of 18 , right ? 
  in hungary the 12th class is when you 're 17-18-19 ( depending on the person ) , and then you may go to university where you have electives and modules and you 're given more responsibilities in choice . 
  but in high school ( 14-18 years ) everyone here has to learn all subjects , including history , literature , grammar , math , biology , physics , chemistry , english , etc. 
  you ca n't `` drop history '' here . 
  that 's what i meant . 
   which eventually lead to me dropping the history class after 11th grade and taking biology instead in the 12th . 
  strange . 
  in hungary we have no concept of `` dropping '' or `` taking '' classes . 
  you just `` have '' a fixed set of subjects in each year , and you have everything together with your whole class . 
  i think most people here would n't think that schoolkids are responsible enough to pick what they want to learn and would just choose the path of least resistance . 
  in hungary we spend 4 years going through the whole of history from ancient egypt , rome , greece etc. , middle ages , empires , world wars , everything . 
  we go more or less chronologically . 
  every few weeks the class switches between hungarian history and world history . 
  do you mean that you do n't do it like this ? 
  that you focus on one topic like ussr under brezhnev for the whole year and this means you can go through school without ever learning about the french revolution or the ancient greek city states or other things ? 
  are you talking about public schools or some radical and experimental teaching methods ? 
  it seems very weird to me , being raised on the hungarian system . 
   some hungarian stuff probably [ l\u00e1ngos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l%c3%a1ngos ) . 
  i guess there 's confusion about the word `` culture '' . 
  generally , scholars etc. 
  use it as a much broader term that includes all kinds of interactions people do , like the tipping culture , the greetings , the touchy-feeliness , the small-talkiness , punctuality expectations , and even broader things like in general how people are expected to handle . 
  in this sense yeah everyone practices their culture , but it 's because of the definition of `` culture '' . 
  now , other people just mean the weird colorful celebrations and special food and folk dance/music as `` culture '' . 
  these are less and less relevant . 
  we had classes in school teaching us about rural customs ( easter , christmas , various days of saints and how they related to agriculture , etc. ), 
  and celebrations and folk dance and so on .
