  other towns there are a lot smaller . 
  but nature is definitely beautiful , it 's great for skiing , for hiking , there are nice caves etc. 
  but i would n't say slovakia is a top choice for someone totally new to europe . 
  although of course it could be your choice , it just seems oddly specific without much reasoning behind it . 
  but you can of course hit up random places too . 
  people in movies often do n't say bye , they just hang up . 
  like * ... * so , let 's meet at that restaurant at 5 pm tomorrow . 
  * hangs up * it 's weird . 
  at least in hungary we have an exchange of ` bye ' - equivalents every time , like : * so , let 's meet at that restaurant at 5 pm tomorrow . 
  the us is quite different because being american is not an ethnicity , and you have people from very different backgrounds there that are all real americans and being american is more about `` believing in freedom '' ( let 's not go into whether the us is really so exceptionally free compared to some other places ) , believing in the american dream , american exceptionalism etc. 
  the us has a short history compared to european nations/ethnicities , so you need to stress such values and ideas as the common denominator . 
  for european nations , it 's a lot less necessary . 
  we have long histories , usually our own language , our own cultural history ( painters , writers , poets , folk music/dance , symbolism ) , our own culture from more recent times ( movies , cartoons , bands ) etc. 
  ( as opposed to american stuff which is mostly ` global ' by now and not only-american ) another difference is that hungarians do n't even necessarily have hungarian citizenship , because they may live outside of hungary ( on the pre-wwi territory of hungary ) and have n't yet obtained hungarian citizenship . 
  but of course they are hungarians too . 
  and not based on beliefs but because their parents and grandparents were also hungarians , they speak hungarian , they know hungarian culture , they identify with hungarian history etc. 
  not all slavic languages are written in cyrillic . 
  polish , czech , slovak , slovene , croatian and partially others of serbian/bosnian/montenegrin are written in latin alphabet . 
  being in the military can be * way * more stressful than a job interview . 
  why would we try to help you lie to our military about your psychological condition ? 
  being in the military has certain psychological requirements ( not just on paper , but in day-to-day practice ) . 
  there are many other jobs out there that will work better for you . 
  classic italian pizzas are very minimal . 
  margherita and marinara are examples from naples . 
  they definitely speak slavic languages in bulgaria and macedonia ( arguably the same one ) . 
  more slavic countries : ukraine , belarus , montenegro , croatia , slovenia , slovakia , bosnia-herzegovina, 
  perhaps in richer countries like germany and the nordics . 
  but not in central/eastern europe . 
  it 's not the end of the world . 
  the swiss and norwegians survive okay without being eu members . 
  the uk will also manage . 
  in hungary ... infrastructure is crumbling , doctors and especially nurses are underpaid ( about 400 $ / month for a nurse ) , overworked , becoming old and leaving the country , waiting lines are long , patients have to bribe the doctors etc. 
  i was n't even sure what it was ( and i 'm quite interested in history ) , because in hungarian we do n't say the equivalent of `` american revolution '' but `` american war of independence '' . 
  i do n't really have any opinion of it . 
  hungarian schools struggle to buy chalk and paper , not ipads . 
  ( seriously , teachers sometimes have to buy chalk from their own money and students have to bring an amount of a4 paper in the beginning of the year from parents ' money . ), 
  this is not a topic in hungary . 
  people have more pressing issues with daily life . 
  never heard . 
  we hungarians do n't particularly feel close to any country ( based specifically on us being hungarians ) , there 's no real `` family '' to which we 'd belong ( like scandinavia , slavic countries , anglosphere etc ) . 
  but from what i 've learned on reddit and other forums i can relate pretty well with other post-warsaw pact countries such as poland , bulgaria . 
  there is also a shared central european culture that we mostly do n't know about and each country thinks it 's just their own ( in terms of customs , food etc. ) . 
  after this comes western europe , then the angloshpere and the rest . 
  i have absolutely no idea what latin americans think about japan or vice versa , i do n't even understand why you 'd ask me this . 
  they are n't `` similar '' in my mind , and japan is more foreign to me . 
  any of them . 
  all are interesting cities . 
  google some pictures or throw a dice or choose the cheapest . 
  unless you have some very specific interests , the destination does n't matter too much anyway . 
  it 's much more about the experience together with your gf . 
  it would be a big deal in hungary because the last time a us president ( g. w. bush ) visited was in 2006 and before that in clinton in 1996 . 
  so it 's a rare event . 
  likely the answer will differ between countries . 
  in budapest it 's not really necessary , but very useful . 
  there is good public transport , but it 's much slower than driving ( driving can be 2 or 3 times faster ) . 
  so for example rather than taking buses and trams and metros , spending more than an hour in the crowd/cold/heat , you can be at home in 20 minutes if you drive . 
  in rural areas it 's pretty useful too . 
  often there are buses to the nearby larger town only every 1 or 2 hours . 
  or if you like to regularly visit relatives living 150 km away , it 's definitely good to have a car . 
  trains and far-distance buses are usually slow and it 's inconvenient to transport stuff . 
  for many people it is a luxury . 
  buying a used car in itself is not really the problem , but gas , insurance , taxes , maintenance and parking are all expensive . 
  so i think it 's mostly a money issue here . 
  if it was as cheap as in the us ( in percentage of the local salaries ) , i 'm sure much more people would drive . 
  here it 's very rare for a family to own multiple cars , but i hear it 's common in the us ( like husband , wife and even a teenager kid having their own ) . 
  most hungarians ca n't even speak english ( but young people mostly do ) . 
  those who can still do n't meet enough foreingers to be able to tell italians/french/germans apart ( except for some young people in central budapest who mingle with tourists , or those who travel a lot or did an erasmus etc. ) . 
   back to the gps - what would other europeans think of someone using gps directions settings in british or american english instead of the main language of the country ? 
  how might that be perceived ? 
  no big deal . 
  i would assume that the software was n't translated or the person did n't like the translation quality or wants to practice english . 
  no difference in whether it 's british or american . 
  we learn british in school , american in movies and video games , so we 've encountered both and both are equally familiar/foreign to most people . 
  it 's just not something that anyone would think about . 
   53 \u00b0 c in the summers are you sure about this ? 
  it did n't seem realistic to me and still does n't after a wikipedia visit . 
  i agree that 19 \u00b0 c is too cold . 
  usually in the winter we like to set the heating to around 23-24 \u00b0 c ( although family members differ in preferences of course ) and to about 19 \u00b0 c at nights to save some money , but that 's definitely not comfortable when you 're out of bed . 
  we recently got an ac at home and we set a similar temperature , around 24-25 \u00b0 c. 
  but i would n't bother to turn it on unless it 's above , say , 32 \u00b0 c ( 90 \u00b0 f ) outside ( we also have good insulation on the house , so it does n't heat up easily ) . 
  i 'm not too surprised about the us though . 
  it 's the typical american attitude that since people have money and stuff is cheap , let 's make everything huge and wasteful , turn everything on to 1000 % , make stuff either ice cold or screeching hot etc. 
  yeah , lately more and more hungarians can afford it at home , so it 's getting more widespread . 
  but if a house is made from good material and is insulated well , it 's not that necessary . 
  commieblocks are definitely shitty from this aspect , but especially the people who live there are n't exactly rich so most do n't have it . 
  usually every summer has a few weeks of intense heat with temperatures around 35-38 \u00b0 c ( 95-100 \u00b0 f ) or even 40 \u00b0 c ( 104 \u00b0 f ) , so it 's definitely useful . 
  budapest buses were also equipped with ac in the last decade or so and shopping centers have it running as well . 
  it 's a very common thing in hotels , too . 
  i think more people would use it if they could pay for it . 
   in croatia there is a weird cultural thing that people are terrified of the draft , wind or air movement of any kind exactly the same in hungary . 
  but it 's especially the older generations . 
  i never understood as a kid why my grandma would freak out if there was a little breeze through the house . 
  it was as if you 'd immediately catch a cold or get pneumonia . 
  same about bare feet on somewhat coldish floor and ice cold drinks . 
  somehow people are/were really afraid of cold stuff around here . 
   going out to a restaurant is a fancy thing people maybe do on birthdays or , as freakydj said , as a luxury . 
  it 's definitely the case in eastern europe , but for the uk it seems strange . 
  at least in west germany ( nrw ) and the netherlands it seems to be pretty usual to eat out . 
  even students can afford to eat at lower-range restaurants pretty often . 
  but maybe you only call the fancy places `` restaurants '' ( i 'd call anything a restaurant that serves warm food and has waiters ) .
