  i find it quite petty . 
  not as if it 's so smooth in germany . 
  that internal quota is pretty controversial and problematic too . 
  by his wording ( `` warned '' ) he probably means getting bad looks/beating for speaking hungarian . 
  i 've only been once in slovakia , in the hungarian regions in the south and there was no problem like that , it was pretty normal and chill . 
   austria ca n't push you to turkey if it 's believed that turkey wo n't grant these rights . 
  they should n't be able to illegally get to austria in the first place . 
  we should regain control of the borders of the eu , especially of schengen , like the greek-turkish border . 
  okay , how many people on earth do n't get adequate food and medical care ? 
  do all those people have the human right to march into europe and force their way in and demand to get benefits ? 
  i know this is a problem . 
  my suggestion is to help them there , by charity , aid and political action . 
  if those laws are not up for discussion then they are not democratic laws . 
  i 'm not saying this is bad . 
  democracy is n't the be-all end-all of policy . 
  some rules need to be imposed on the population whether they like it or not . 
  these are usually decided by creators of political ideologies . 
   some courts in europe said that hungary is not a safe country by default anymore oh thank god !, 
   and i would n't say that their camps are safe no gunmen are shooting them . 
  what 's your definition of safe and how many people fit that definition around the world ( in africa , india , bangladesh , china , etc ) ? 
  it 's an ethnically hungarian majority village ( 88 % hungarians , 11 % slovaks ) just as a bit of extra information . 
  the media fuzz is created by the media to have a boogeyman , a scapegoat . 
  someone to blame , like the [ thing representing all evil ] ( https://youtu.be/uxr6lxt5iqm?t=1m52s ) to be burned and to clean their own conscience . 
  hungary is a tiny factor in the whole situation and it 's being blown out of proportion . 
  we are like 2 % of the population of the eu and 0.7 % of its gdp . 
  we wo n't be the key to solving the middle east and the migration crisis . 
  there 's nothing else for hungary to do than to apply the existing laws with regards to the migrating people . 
  germany and austria do n't want to let them into their countries . 
  all that arrive there arrive illegally . 
  yes , germany does n't authorize them to go in . 
  officially they are taken to a hungarian refugee camp but in practice they do n't even bother to walk in the camp , they walk across the border to austria . 
  illegally . 
  but in practice austria receives them , but not officially . 
  officially they can stop the flow any day because it 's been totally illegal the whole time . 
  and then what ? 
  what if austria says : please hungary , no more migrants , this is illegal !, 
  and that 's kind of what is now !, 
  they said we should uphold schengen and dublin . 
  so not to send migrants to austria . 
  yes !, 
  they said this . 
  forwarding them is seen as dodging the problem but keeping them out is `` darkest times '' . 
  so what ? 
  should we house 10,000 undocumented illegal immigrants per day in hungary and keep them here against their will , by force , like a prison ? 
  there 's a treaty called schengen . 
  it says , people can not come in without proper legal procedure . 
  either apply for asylum without delay , or show your valid papers . 
  this is what the international treaties and hungarian law says . 
  can you follow me until here ? 
  papers or asylum applications . 
  rushing into a country , forcing your way in without papers : no . 
  why not ? 
  schengen agreement + hungarian law . 
  it 's really so simple , i 'm shocked that people ca n't process this with their brains . 
  there 's no legal way to just rush through the forests and fields into a country and refuse to apply for asylum ( no fingerprints !, 
  germany !, 
  take me to germany or i wo n't eat !, 
  ) , go to a train station and protest to be let on international trains without papers , walk on the motorway if they do n't let you on the trains . 
  austria and germany ** did not ** give them permission to enter their countries without papers . 
  did not . 
  austria and germany did not give them permission . 
  they do n't even give it officially now !, 
  they do n't , but nobody even knows this . 
  exactly . 
  religions were n't only spiritual , inner peace , wonder , mystery like the west imagines today . 
  they were the political and legal backbone , organization , framework and justification for how people live together . 
  a large part of this is the management of family politics . 
  marriage was n't about love , but an alliance between families , an economic construct . 
  controlling this well was very important for the economic prosperity of a family . 
  that 's why there 's the obsession with reducing sexual pleasure ( by mutilation and indoctrination ) , discouraging it and treating it as sinful , dirty , yucky . 
  otherwise teenagers in the ancient/medieval environment without contraception would have just randomly made babies all around . 
  yes , it 's a major demographic catastrophe that the more extreme and uneducated and bigoted you are , the more kids you have . 
  i do n't know if it 's possible to outpace the natural ( by birth ) growth of the extremist cultures by education and `` westernization '' , secularization . 
  especially if we stay so impotent and believe that our culture is just one out of many and nobody should force their worldview/culture/ideology on other communities . 
  i 'm not sure `` force '' is the right word , but we should definitely have a strategy to override parental influence , to re-indoctrinate them etc. 
  it 's very hard . 
  and maybe europe will decide it 's oppressive to do this and we should just let things unfold . 
  these people deprive minorities of their agency and human responsibility . 
  they imagine them as robots , as things that have no will on their own . 
  if they do something wrong , then society failed , since society is the agent , the one at the steering wheel , so how could you blame the controlled thing for the failure of the controller ... 
  it 's logical , they make sense , you just have to accept this premise , that they are n't fully human like you and me and we ca n't expect fully responsible adult human behavior from them . 
  they need to be parented and guided like children . 
  like if a 4 year old does something bad , you blame the parents for not handling the kid better . 
  the kid does n't know good from bad yet , they just do whatever they 've been shown and where they were guided . 
  similarly , if an immigrant does something bad , they ca n't help it , it 's simply a manifestation of the failure of society . 
  it 's such a basic underlying premise that we do n't usually talk about it , but many superficial disagreements are rooted in this . 
  that the developed west is like a nanny for these mischievous little boys , who should nurture them the right way so that they become civilized people like us . 
   they ( the people we will accept as refugees ) are specifically fleeing the violence . 
  these are people , individuals . 
  not the fucking borg collective . 
  you get unstable characters with ptsd , guys with severe anxiety , guys with violent tendency and those just wishing to live their life in peace . 
  one person ( with a potentially declined asylum application and personal history you do not know ) proves nothing about an entire country . 
  you are not so much painting with a broad brush as you are smashing the entire fucking paint can into the canvas . 
  but that 's also true in the `` violent countries '' that they have to flee . 
  there are also humans there . 
  the soldiers , the rebels , the terrorists , they all have their motivations , their fears , their ( for them ) justified anger . 
  probably many terrorists have ptsd etc. 
  it 's not a walk in the park to take part in violence yourself either . 
   manage 800.000 asylum seekers good . 
  but nobody understands it like that .
