  `` of course i 'm not racist , racists are bad people , i 'm not a bad person . '', 
  we also do n't collect crime statistics by asking people on the street whether they would ever kill or rob somebody . 
  i have n't found this to be true , quite the opposite . 
  germans need to get very comfortable with you before they lose the mask and open up . 
  not just about race and such . 
  at least in my experience also about personal problems , like if they do n't like something you 're doing , they will tell you a month later that `` ah , you 've been doing this crap for a month , why ca n't you stop ( e.g. 
  listening to loud music in the neighboring apartement etc ) '' instead of saying it at the first or second time . 
  maybe compared to the us , germans are direct to the point but not compared to ee . 
  and it 's not just about being foreigners , when i speak with other eastern europeans or finns , it feels so much more relaxed , so much uncertainty is relieved , i do n't have to constantly guess if they really mean something or just try to keep up an image . 
  maybe they just know better what is expected from them . 
  we do n't know their private opinions , we know what they say to the surveying people or what the write on the questionnaire . 
  arguably , a poor uneducated person will just say whatever he really thinks and does n't feel the `` weight '' of it as much , while an educated person has learned the proper pc talk . 
  i do n't trust surveys in such matters . 
  a much better indicator is to see how well the `` races '' mix in the cities . 
  do they live in the same neighborhoods or separated ? 
  do you see friends eating at mcdonalds in random racially mixed groups or do they separate themselves ? 
  do they marry each other in a random way or do they prefer their own `` race '' ? 
  talking is just talking . 
   3 romanians robbed they were probably not romanians but gypsies ( roma ) . 
  ( it does n't make the theft better or worse , but being accurate is good ) . 
  `` romanian citizens '' ok , but `` romanian '' is an ethnicity . 
  people have a false idea of corruption . 
  it 's not some dark exceptional thing that some evil ones do . 
  it 's a whole system . 
  you ca n't change it by removing one or the other guy or by enacting a few laws . 
  everyone is corrupt in politics in these countries . 
  you ca n't get to such positions otherwise . 
  `` fighting corruption '' means fighting some people 's interests . 
  those people wo n't like this . 
  unless you have more power than them to do your robin hood work , they will exterminate you ( rather metaphorically ) . 
  good . 
  we wo n't become the buffer zone where rich western europeans keep the migrants so they can feel good about themselves , far from the migrants . 
  if they want to feel good about themselves , they 'll have to host them in their own countries . 
  it 's not supposed to be used alone by itself . 
  i 'd say the repetition can help you with remembering sentence structure and vocabulary . 
  and it depends what other possibilities you have . 
  it 's best if you have people around who speak the language and are willing to help you . 
  it 's best to move into a country where it is spoken . 
  you should also watch films and read books ( even when you do n't understand all of it or not even much of it ) . 
  but duolingo is definitely valuable as an addition to the mix . 
  relevant video about addiction : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao8l-0nsyzg, 
  it does n't `` depend '' on it , it 's one component . 
  they also examine you , first with a preliminary test , a medical checkup , then they also test the blood that you donated and they handle everything as safely as possible . 
  the questionnaires are an additional line of defense against potential recently acquired diseases that are hard to detect in this phase . 
  what would be the alternative ? 
  simply to ignore recent , hardly detectable infections ? 
  look , i was also excluded from donating blood when i studied in germany and i had recently visited my home in budapest . 
  they said i carry a risk of hepatitis a , due to lacking hygiene in eastern europe . 
  now i could get all worked up and angry why they suppose that hungary is so dirty and we are n't really eastern europe and we are n't balkans and whatever . 
  but instead , i said , okay they have a system in place and if these are their rules , based on statistics and epidemiology , then okay , and i simply left . 
  i * could * have lied about having been to hungary in the last 6 weeks , but why would i ? 
  i want to help the medical system and not work against it . 
  it 's a very dangerous thing if we let political correctness into medicine and infection management . 
  only one thing can count : medical safety based on evidence and expertise . 
  they ask you on a form ( with a checkbox ) . 
  most people answer honestly when filling out hospital forms . 
  especially if their motivation in going to a donation is to help people and not to trick the system . 
   i mean 6 $ for lunch in vienna is cheap , but 1900 ft is too expense for lunch in bp . 
  but also compare the kind of service and general atmosphere . 
  i mean , having grown up in budapest , i do n't have any problems with eating affordable lunch in bp. , i really like the chinese fast food places and the simple schnitzel/f \u0151zel\u00e9k / macaroni etc. 
  places . 
  but it 's probably not on the same level that a viennese person expects and requires . 
  of course the prices also reflect the local wages . 
  again i doubt that german epidemiologists are systematically homophobic . 
  no test is perfect , especially in the beginning phase of an hiv infection . 
  blood donations must be done under very very high regulation . 
  this is n't the playground for pc people . 
  infected blood should n't be let into the system in the first place . 
  if the blood is already in the system , it * might * contaminate something , it might be accidentally mislabeled , accidentally given to a patient before it 's tested etc. 
  a blood collection center is a very high risk place . 
  it will provide blood for the masses . 
  one must take as much care as possible . 
  of course it 's possible to lie and still donate blood despite the regulation , so it 's not a 100 % safe system , but we must do what we can . 
  it is discriminatory of course , by definition . 
  still , it 's legal . 
  only one thing counts : medical safety . 
  by not allowing gays to donate blood you lose 3-5 % of donors , but you also eliminate around two thirds of all hiv infected people ( data from germany ) . 
  this is a tradeoff that has to be analyzed and evaluated by epidemiologists . 
  they did it and came up with this decision . 
  i have no reason to think i could make a better decision . 
  donating blood is not a human right . 
  and actually all this is done very gently and with high levels of discretion . 
  in germany , you can go through the motions of medical checkup etc , you can even give the blood * and then * you must go alone to a place like a voting booth , where you alone can mark on an anonymized `` ballot '' whether everything you said was indeed true , or not . 
  it 's your final chance to tell them not to use your blood . 
  this is useful if the gay person has not come out yet and has to go to a donation due to peer pressure ( friends or family ) . 
  it 's not like the doctors will shout `` look people !, 
  what a disgusting gay with his disgusting blood , eww , go away ! '', 
  they are very discreet but they must do what is medically safe . 
  we seem to forget that our fascination with fire is indeed because it 's dangerous . 
  obviously it 's a horrible tragedy when such things happen . 
  all i mean is that the danger is n't something that can be totally avoided . 
  people intentionally use dangerous things precisely * because * they are dangerous . 
  they evoke a sort of primal fear in us and a man managing the fire ( or fireworks ) is seen as a brave man . 
  risk taking is attractive . 
  of course a lot of this is subconscious , but it exists . 
   not in the centre of budapest i had been to . 
  from what i remember 6 eur were the starting price and god forbid you bought beer as well . 
  outside the city centre i might agree with the prices . 
  i 'm not talking about eating lunch as a tourist , enjoying the city . 
  i 'm talking about stepping out of the office to eat an everyday lunch that you eat on a regular rainy november wednesday .
