  edit : btw , none of the opposition parties support it in this form and the governing parties do n't have the required 2/3 majority in parliament any more . 
  jobbik ( far-right ) and lmp ( green-liberal ) support the idea in general , but not like this . 
  they want more controls in place . 
  the socialists did n't even participate in the discussion ( they are pretty confused and clueless in this whole migration/terrorism topic ) . 
  in hungary we do n't have any limit like that . 
  it 's legal to drink it at any age ( you ca n't even be convicted for basically anything before you 're 14 ) , the only illegal thing with alcohol is to sell it to under-18s . 
  i guess when we think of 14 year olds , we remember the time when we were around 14 as well . 
  and obviously we thought we were mature , we remember being attracted to them at the time , so the memory does n't seem weird . 
  but i 'd say even 17 or 18-year-old girls are often rather immature in their attitude and actions . 
  and obviously not all 14-year-olds are equal . 
  we all mature at different times . 
  but what i find really weird is that an 18-year-old can have sex with a 12-year-old in hungary . 
  that means someone at the end of secondary school , doing their \u00e9retts\u00e9gi , perhaps applying for university and someone in 7th grade primary school . 
  wrong . 
  it 's so easy to look up in the age of google , but people rather spend time to type speculative comments . 
  probably not , but i 'm not a lawyer , this is n't legal advice , just speculation . 
  the hungarian law says `` abusing an existing relationship of authority or influence '' , and i think that typically refers to a caretaker , teacher , relatives , a friend of the family etc. 
  someone who the minor `` ca n't shake off '' , ca n't get away from easily , someone who has the authority over whether they meet or not , controls access to resources like shelter , food , education etc. 
  also , according to my own sense of justice , your description is n't something that should get the guy imprisoned for 3 years ( unless there is some pre-existing authority kind of power relationship ) . 
  it might be morally objectionable if a 20 year old guy seduces naive 15 year old girls with his car and coolness , but i do n't think it 's a crime ( at least in hungary ) . 
  exactly . 
  it just shows when it 's not a * crime * anymore * in itself * . 
  it can still be stigmatized socially , parents may still get angry etc. 
  it 's just that the police wo n't automatically take you . 
   there are some limitations on possible combinatiosn of age . 
  nope . 
  the limitations are about abuse . 
  in hungary for example it is a crime to abuse your power to have sex with someone aged 14-18 . 
  but otherwise it 's allowed . 
   the age of consent in germany is 14 , as long as a person over the age of 21 does not exploit a 14 - to 15-year-old person 's lack of capacity for sexual self-determination , in which case a conviction of an individual over the age of 21 requires a complaint from the younger individual ; being over 21 and engaging in sexual relations with a minor of that age does not constitute an offense by itself . 
  otherwise the age of consent is 16 , although provisions protecting minors against abuse apply until the age of 18 ( under section 182 ( 1 ) , it is illegal to engage in sexual activity with a person under 18 `` by taking advantage of an exploitative situation '' [ 30 ] ) . 
   the age of consent should be that anyone 15-18 ( assuming 15 to be the age of consent ) should only be allowed to have sex within that age group . 
  in hungary we have a similar thing ( besides the unlimited age of consent at 14 ) , which says that above 12 year olds can have sex with under 18 year olds . 
  i find that pretty weird , i 'd have it rather as 12 and 16 , but i 'm no expert . 
  in hungary it 's 12 if the other party is younger than 18 . 
  also , their experience with other cultures is mostly on campus or other ` higher circles ' , which only gives them a look into the minds of the richest , most ` westernized ' people . 
  sure in university-educated circles it really does n't matter if one is from iraq , syria , iran or nigeria or anywhere , you share a common cultural foundation with them , even if they keep some of their ( usually superficial ) traditions , like food or music preferences . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/41zkgk/interview_with_a_german_woman_working_with/cz6gzjv ) 's an essay by a german volunteer woman ( not anarchist , just a decent and a bit naive woman ) who happily went to help at a refugee camp but got hugely disappointed and will probably quit . 
  they think culture means foods , music , dances , colorful clothing etc. 
  actually culture goes way deeper than that , it 's your whole attitude towards the world and society , your and other people 's roles etc. 
  many hungarian dubs used to be high quality . 
  sure there is some nostalgia factor in it , but for example columbo and bud spencer movies were really well dubbed . 
  i 'd never watch them subtitled . 
  also as you said , often the same actor got dubbed by the same voice actor , so people got used to it . 
  it 's not bad if done well . 
  sometimes you do n't want to learn , you just want to `` lean back and enjoy the movie / tv show '' . 
  ( i watch a lot of english and german stuff to practice my language skills , but sometimes i do n't want to pay my undivided and full attention ) . 
  it 's for those who * ca n't speak the original language * do n't want to read subs at the bottom of the screen instead of looking at the eyes of actors , scanning the background etc. 
  * do n't want to pay constant attention for some reason , if you do n't look at the screen for 20 seconds , you can still know what they are saying if it 's dubbed * are too tired/lazy to read so much * have bad eyes ( e.g. 
  old people ) , ca n't read the subs * got used to it , tradition in hungarian cinemas there are both subtitled and dubbed versions of the bigger movies . 
  with downloaded movies , i prefer original sound with english subs ( hungarian sub translations are often made by amateurs , poorly ) . 
  laziness and perceived status . 
  if you have your own `` slave '' who does the dirty work , you can feel better . 
  it 's like owning a bigger house , bigger car etc. 
  however , the actual difficulty of house chores has decreased a lot since a few decades ago , with the invention of affordable household machines . 
  at those times my grandma had to spend * the entire day * on washing clothes . 
  it was designated a `` washing day '' and it literally took the whole day to just do that . 
  bring the water from the well , boil the water , cook the clothes , manually clean everything , sometimes a second cleaning was needed etc. 
  there was no vacuum cleaner , definitely no dish washer . 
  no microwave , no supermarkets that sold all sorts of ingredients all the time , no prepared sauces , no prepared instant powders , etc. 
  it was more difficult to manage the heating with coal or wood , more difficult to manage the oven , people often made `` difficult '' things like bread themselves , etc. 
  in those times it was a full time job to do these chores . 
  nowadays a single guy like me can get it done very quickly . 
  there are cheap canteens , there are supermarkets with loads of stuff , we have washing machines , etc. 
  there is no reason to hire someone outside of wanting to feel superior ( or in case someone is * really * busy , like a high profile politician ) . 
  i never understood what 's so hard about washing clothes . 
  i do n't separate anything , i just wash them at 40 \u00b0 c and never had any problems at all . 
  ( but i also do n't wear snow white elegant shirts , etc. , i guess it would be different if i cared more about fashion and elegance . ) . 
  also cooking is not like this big mystery . 
  you buy rice , pasta , meat , fish , vegetables , the only rule is to cook the meat through for health reasons . 
  add salt and pepper as required ( can also try random other seasonings when you want ) . 
  it 's really bullshit when someone says they `` ca n't cook '' . 
  there is no skill involved on the level of preparing something edible . 
  ingredients taste pretty well already , you do n't have to work too hard to make something tasty . 
  obviously there is a high art of cooking , too , but it 's not about a wednesday dinner at home . 
  well , if you want me to defend rmdsz , you 'll be disappointed because i know they do n't do shit . 
  they like to talk a lot , but do n't do much for the hungarians . 
  they are in government , but have n't achieved anything . 
  as to segregation : i guess that 's what non-assimilation looks like from that point of view . 
   why do you think is this autonomy so much needed ? 
  i do n't know , i do n't live there , it 's not my competence to decide . 
  let the people who live there decide it . 
  let them hold a referendum . 
  [ gombfoci ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqkzd4cpwiu ) or `` button-football '' . 
  there is a [ professional version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gnuqpfljty ) of it too . 
  it was invented in the 1920s independently in hungary and brazil ( with slight differences ) . 
   there is no solid reason why there should be an ethnic enclave in the center of romania . 
  there already is , just look at a map of ethnicities . 
  those people should be listened to , they are citizens of romania and if they want an autonomous region modeled after south tyrol , why forbid that ? 
  which brings us to :  does not mean they can have their autonomy or country inside a country yep , this is the romanian propaganda . 
  `` country inside a country '' . 
  is south tyrol a country inside italy ? 
  do you really think sz\u00e9kely land could be fully independent , self-reliant state and economy ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  it 's mostly just a bunch of poor villages . 
  or do you think hungary will want an exclave ? 
  this is some serious paranoia . 
  or do you fear that hungary wants to annex transylvania and then get millions of romanians into the country ? 
  it 's just absurd . 
  the only difference is that in hungary these things are fringe opinions , while in romania the extremities are the official and popular ideas .
