  there 's no other way . 
  i predict that soon germany will make a 180 degree turn when they realize the scale of things . 
  i do n't know . 
  the situation can easily escalate to war . 
  i 'm sorry to say this and never thought we would live to see such an event . 
  but if the wave is not stopped and if turkey lets them pass at a higher rate , we can easily have tens of thousands every day ( compared to the approx 8000 per day these days ) . 
  it will be impossible to stop without a military operation and people dying . 
  it 's terrible . 
  they will go to romania and from there either hungary or ukraine-slovakia/poland . 
  that sounds funny, 
  it is actually unbelievable between two eu countries that foreign policemen enter without permission . 
  unbelievable . 
  of course they are n't waste , do n't twist my words . 
  i said western countries will cherry pick the useful workforce , those who are willing to integrate and then dump the rest on eastern europe . 
  i mean * they * will be handling them like waste . 
  hotspot is a term for a huge refugee camp where it can be sorted out who is a real refugee and who is not . 
  they tried to put this kind of camp into hungary , even though we are n't a front country , we are simply on the migration route . 
  i can not call it any other way . 
  officially they want to create a huge hotspot in hungary , but unofficially it 's clear that germany will want to dump on eastern europe those who ca n't be used as workforce and are hopeless to integrate . 
  we will not take part in this game . 
  of course it should n't be these 5-10 million populated countries that have to deal with the flood . 
  but the croatian ( and romanian and austrian ) government is saying unacceptable things . 
  maybe i mixed up , sorry . 
  ( flag flairs help a lot in these cases ), 
   they have right to ask for asylum in any country they see fit . 
  they ca n't cross borders illegally unless they are running for their safety * directly * . 
  anything else is optional and depends on the respective countries . 
  you can go to the first safe country ( almost always a neighbor ) and then perhaps ask for other countries to give asylum to you * while being there * ( but most countries , like germany , refuse such an option actually ) . 
  unless you are unsafe and your life is at risk , you have no right to walk through borders . 
  says who ? 
  i think if he keeps up this policy he will win a 3/4 majority in the next elections . 
  exactly . 
  everything is pink and fluffy until there is real rivalry for resources . 
  fences and walls are the only way to control this . 
  sorry , we will have to re-evaluate our ideas . 
  i disagreed with many of his local policies , but because of his way of handling the crisis i will vote for him in the next election and i think he will win a landslide victory . 
  we did n't `` accept '' buses . 
  croatia dumped people on the border and hungary had to transport them somewhere . 
  only real guns could have stopped them but that would mean war . 
  nobody wants that . 
  we hope they wo n't swim through the drava . 
  but if they do , hungary will extend the fence there as well . 
  are you ( croats ) organizing protests in zagreb ? 
  are you protesting for new elections ? 
  exactly . 
  soon the merkel government will have to resign and the new govt will deport everyone back to the country where they were registered . 
  hungary refuses to become a human dumpster of germany . 
  you eat what you cook and reap what you sow . 
   all 3 countries are just transit countries there is no such thing . 
  letting illegal migrants through is a breach of international law , like schengen and eu law etc. 
  hungary was tasked by lots of countries with the duty of protecting the outside schengen border . 
  if germany wants these people , they can send a few diplomats to serbia or croatia and hand out german visas . 
  then they can pass through . 
  it all depends on who is telling the truth . 
  if they did n't get approval , then it 's a very serious breach of international law and croatia can prepare to get zero support from hungary in any eu matters . 
  we had supported croatia 's accession to schengen very strongly , but now we are firmly against it . 
  send everyone back out of the eu and state clearly that nobody has * any * chance of getting asylum after illegally crossing any eu borders . 
  this is in accordance with geneva , since it talks about refugees coming * directly * from an unsafe country . 
  there is n't any fence there yet . 
  we did n't prepare for that from an eu , schengen candidate country . 
  but soon the fence will stand and nobody will be able to cross . 
  i 'm very happy they are n't in schengen because the fence would be harder to build if croatia was in schengen now . 
  impossible . 
  hungary will simply not stop border controls towards croatia . 
  if that means being kicked out of schengen for hungary then so be it . 
  there are only rumors yet . 
  it 's possible and i think schengen will collapse soon . 
  this morning there were 900 migrants in hungary . 
  and they want to take 54k from here . 
  ridiculous . 
  the first line ( rolls of razor wires ) will be deployed today ( or at most tomorrow ) . 
  then the real fence would take like 5 days , i think . 
  until then austria can prepare . 
  i hope hungary wo n't try to play last week 's game . 
  we 're really fed up with how anything we do with them is portrayed as evil . 
  so for now , austria will get them and then we will protect the croatian border with water cannons and tear gas too . 
  and croatia can not dream of becoming a part of schengen for a good amount of years . 
  that 's an organizational question . 
  v\u00e1mosszabadi happens to be the most optimal as seen by the expert administrative decision makers . 
  ^ of ^ course ^ because ^ they ^ can ^ easily ^ get ^ to ^ austria ^ from ^ there, 
  there 's no fence , and the severe punishments are for damaging/disturbing the fence . 
  so for now , it 's impossible to keep the people that croatia transports to the border , from entering hungary , unless we bring out the military and play war . 
  so we accept this batch and build the fence asap . 
   austria will be delighted . 
  they should perhaps stop criticizing the fence then . 
  v\u00e1mosszabadi is a normal refugee camp . 
  it was in use in the last weeks too . 
  it 's one of the main camps . 
  it 's not `` bussing to slovakia '' . 
  they will still want to go towards austria , they are n't crazy . 
  wrong . 
  that 's one of the main refugee camps . 
  there 's a full-on major camp there with full supplies . 
  it was also used in the last weeks . 
  there 's nothing special about this . 
  yes . 
  hungary will not support admitting croatia to schengen for a long time to come . 
  but who knows , maybe the whole schengen agreement will be killed sooner . 
  and now croatia brought 19 buses of migrants on our border and we had to take them , due to the lack of fence . 
  i predict they will be in austria very soon .
