  now both the police and the army is allowed to do it . 
  police . 
  army . 
  different things . 
  read again . 
  do you understand that police already had these powers all along ? 
  do you realize that riot police has been already authorized to use weapons ( tear gas , water cannon , batons ) all along ? 
  and that they also had to use it against aggressive attacks ( crowd of migrants throwing rocks and blocks of concrete and bottles ) ? 
  blood is not shed if they do n't attack . 
  there are official registration points . 
  they are primarily there to assist police . 
  not to replace them . 
  if police can not deal with them then the situation is serious enough that the army has to step in . 
  the `` outrageous '' fact that this ad exists is being posted all over social media now . 
  anyway , what do you mean ? 
  post it on the government 's facebook page ? 
  it has to be more official and broad than that . 
  conflict is almost always conflict over resources . 
  war is basically the result of seeing that your neighbor has more than you and you go there to get some of that which your neighbor has - and has it unjustly according to you . 
  this is the basic mechanics of war , and has been over history . 
  it 's not some evil , raging anger to destroy the neighbor . 
  it 's mostly about resources . 
  if you imagine invasion as something out of the lord of the rings , then you 'll never see invasions in the real world . 
  when the ottomans conquered hungary , they did it in a cold headed , economically rational way . 
  they did not do raging destructions . 
  the country was depopulated , sure , but it was mainly about controlling resources . 
  what we see today is , from a historic perspective , the perfect analogue of these past events . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that past `` invasions '' were n't barbaric crazy raging mad attacks either . 
  those were also about `` getting some of the unfair advantage that my neighbor has currently '' . 
  the army is primarily there to support the police . 
  they only move in if police can not handle the attack from the migrants . 
  that would be a pretty damn extreme situation and in such a situation i am very happy that the army is there to keep things in order . 
  basically the same tools that police is already allowed to use . 
  not leaky . 
  illegal entries [ dropped ] ( http://police.hu/hirek-es-informaciok/hatarinfo/elfogott-migransok-szama ) from a few thousand to a few hundred . 
  an order of magnitude difference . 
  for a few days it stayed like that . 
  then smugglers created a new route that circumvents the fence . 
  so the fence is n't leaky . 
  its leak is where the fence does n't exist yet . 
  of course people can come through where there is no physical barrier yet and the croatian government brings busloads of people there . 
  due to a lack of physical barrier there , we ca n't defend the border . 
  that 's why we are extending the fence , so that we can stop illegals from there just like we stopped them from serbia . 
  it 's so simple . 
  not leaky . 
  the fence , where it stands , is working as intended . 
  it has drastically reduced the number of illegal entries . 
  meanwhile court is working to quickly sentence people who were caught damaging the fence . 
  it 's not the `` exact same thing '' as just sitting back and letting them do whatever they want . 
  but have no illusions . 
  if hungary finally secures its full border with the help of the army , people will find new routes , probably through slovenia . 
  unless germany ( and austria ) takes a firm position , you will get them in ever increasing numbers . 
  that 's a very cynical statement . 
  have you seen what happened at r\u00f6szke ? 
  now the serbian border is sealed , the number of illegal immigrants has dropped by an order of magnitude there . 
  now croatia unilaterally brings busloads of people to our border , even though it was never discussed with hungary . 
  there the fence is only in construction yet . 
  once it 's up , we will protect that border , too . 
  you ca n't say hungary is n't trying its best . 
  today the parliament has voted to allow the army to protect the border . 
  meanwhile other countries ca n't even be bothered to even try . 
  some because they see migration as a good , positive phenomenon , others simply do n't give a flying fuck as long as people move through and leave quickly . 
  which is extremely short-sighted . 
  and even at border crossings , what do you do if a thousand migrants show up ? 
  do you send the riot police there and use tear gas and water cannons ? 
  how will western europeans like that ? 
  okay , i thought you mean a single country ca n't solve it so they should n't try anything at all . 
  yeah , the eu needs to secure its outside borders . 
  schengen is not really relevant here . 
  migrants are n't bound to use official border crossings where border controls would be ( re ) started . 
  without physical barriers along the whole border , it 's pointless . 
  if they can come on land , without the risks of the sea , there will be a lot more coming . 
  so meanwhile hungary should just ignore national and international law and just let everyone pass ? 
  do you understand that it would even accelerate the migration ? 
  what else can a country do if its laws are being violated on such a scale ? 
  212000 illegal entries detected this year . 
  if we do n't post ads , people say `` migrants do n't know about this , it 's an evil surprise to them '' . 
  now the government makes it well known . 
  of course . 
  they will end up in germany , where they are welcoming them as a new workforce to pay taxes for pensions and to create more cultural diversity . 
  they still seem to want them , because they are n't doing anything to stop it at the borders of the eu , and they all know very well that once someone is in europe , they will reach germany or another rich country in a matter of days . 
  i think it 's more `` syrians '' now since august , but many of those have no papers to back this claim or they have fake papers . 
  sovereign nations are seen by many eu leaders as an obsolete concept . 
  they are working towards the united states of europe and ideally a universal earth government . 
  it would be so nice , really , i would love to live in one global peaceful and prosperous nation , but this ca n't work unilaterally , ca n't work if only europe wants it . 
  due to 20th century history , europe sees border enforcement as a tool of oppression , leading to shit like ( cold ) wars . 
  the philosophy of peace and unity does n't allow putting barricades in front of people . 
  it is a deep crisis , not just a superficial problem . 
  but they are saying `` asylum seekers '' can be picked up . 
  the 3 dudes are asylum seekers , since this whole crowd is all asylum seekers , right ? 
  since `` asylum seeker '' only means they are * seeking * it , which they certainly do . 
  or do they mean asylum seekers who want asylum in slovenia ? 
  because that crowd is close to zero size . 
  which means we can assume everyone is an asylum seeker ? 
  even the albanians , kosovars , pakistanis , people from ghana etc ? 
  what does `` asylum seeker '' even mean in this chaos ? 
  who is * not * an asylum seeker ? 
  obviously all are , because they know this is a magic password that lets them freely cross borders . 
  they can not get stuck . 
  slovenia will let them to the austrian border .
