  the invitation is the whole image of germany that they need/want/accept and give money to migrants . 
  it 's still taken as an invitation . 
  `` anyone who comes is welcome '' is an invitation . 
  i meant that when people say she invited them , this saying of people should not be interpreted literally . 
  critics of merkel do n't necessarily mean that merkel invited them in this very strict sense of the word ( i.e. 
  literally saying `` please come '' ) . 
  the criticism is rather , as you said , that she and her cabinet presented an image of germany and presented the attitude of german authorities in a way that had a strong pull effect on the migrants . 
  they knew that it 's worth crossing 8 countries illegally without cooperating with local authorities , because in the end if they reach germany they will be plentifully rewarded for it . 
  but not europe . 
  `` merkel 's invitation '' should not be interpreted literally as an actual act of invitation , like `` please come here '' . 
  it 's not a particular thing like the selfie or taking the migrants from hungary in last september or saying `` wir schaffen das '' . 
  it 's the whole attitude that whoever manages to reach germany ( even after illegally crossing 8 countries ) will get welfare in germany . 
  but at least they wo n't be sent back . 
  the whole willkommenskultur . 
  this in itself is enough to be considered an invitation . 
  the whole system in germany is inviting for migrants . 
  it 's still unclear what really happened . 
  perhaps it was an economical thing , perhaps they will relaunch later . 
  perhaps it was political and the publisher may have been bought by circles around the governing party . 
  it still does n't mean there 's no press freedom . 
  the publisher was in a shit situation with a lot of debt , they were losing readers quickly and so it was sold , which is a business transaction . 
  they were n't banned . 
  i ca n't find recent articles about it in english ( [ here 's an older one ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/hungary-sues-eu-at-european-court-of-justice-over-migrant-quotas/a-18892790 ) ) . 
  [ and here 's an article in hungarian ] ( http://nol.hu/belfold/kvotaper-hosszu-csata-kesoi-itelet-1634981 ) . 
  i was wrong , there wo n't be a decision in november just the first hearing . 
  the actual court decision may take more than a year or a year and a half . 
  because it creates a precedent . 
  the european court will decide about the issue in november ( hungary and slovakia sued the eu for this decision - in particular the commission i think ) . 
  if the court says that the decision was legal , then hungary may end up having to accept those 1294 people . 
  it does n't matter too much as they 'll be back in germany the next day . 
  occupation / invasion / conquest of a country is never `` legal '' . 
  except in cases where the occupier has the power to decide what is legal ( like the occupiers of germany after wwii ) . 
   having a test on europe with questions about history , landmarks geography , ect . 
  basically , show that you care about the places you 're about to see . 
  random is better than that . 
  people who already know much about these things do n't really need to travel that much . 
  the uneducated people and young people from poor families should get a fair chance at this , even if they do n't know much about other countries beforehand . 
  yeah , you still were n't independent in the soviet times . 
  whether you consider it a restoration of independence or gaining independence does n't matter much . 
  the occupation of germany was `` legal '' because the only forces standing after wwii were the allies so they could decide what was legal in `` international law '' and what was n't . 
  if you had asked wwii germany , they 'd probably said they were illegally occupied as well . 
  is occupation or the `` conquering '' of a country ever legal from point of view of international law ? 
  you could say the same about every conquest and occupation in history . 
  or is occupation ever considered legal by the occupied nation ? 
  strange how in germany `` rechts '' means far-right , not just right-wing . 
  police now said it was a home-made bomb , and the two injured police officers were targeted with it . 
  the perpetrator is described as a 170 cm tall , 20-25-year-old man in blue jeans , light-colored jacket , light-colored hat and white sneakers . 
  they are investigating it as an attempted murder case . 
  the thing is , our expectations of quality of life grow faster than our abilities ( at least in the current structure of society ) . 
  your grandparents ' or great-grandparents ' generation probably had much less wealth when they had their first kids . 
  specifically , finland is now much richer than it was . 
  if you had kids now , you most probably could provide a better quality of life ( in absolute terms ) than your great-grandparents could to your grandparents . 
  but today that 's not enough for us . 
  earlier , the mentality was that `` well , if god 's will is that we have kids , then surely somehow it will work out '' . 
  people did n't have to rely so much on themselves , the village community helped a lot , the extended families kept together etc. 
  and i 'm pretty sure that if people had had contraception available and no need for the work of kids and their support in old age , they would n't have had so many children either . 
  it is n't an obviously great fun and enjoyment to raise children . 
  it was more thought of as the `` order and nature of the world '' , an obligation and just something that happens . 
  evolution has n't equipped us with the actual high-level desire to have children . 
  we desire partnership and sexuality and evolution `` assumed '' ( metaphorically speaking ) that it automatically leads to children , as contraception was not a thing . 
   14 year olds in the middle ages often were as mature as 16-17 , maybe even 18 year olds today not sure what you mean by this . 
  biologically , today 's kids are more mature , puberty starts earlier than hundreds of years ago , for example . 
  if you mean mentally , i 'd be interested in how you mean that precisely . 
  it is true in the sense that they had to do adult-stuff earlier in those times , but it 's not like their brains developed earlier , it was rather that `` adulting '' was not as complex and there were n't as many expectations from society . 
  they did n't know much about how to raise their children at 17 or 18 , but the 35-40-year-old grandma was there to help and the whole village helped with each other 's things . 
  so i do n't think today 's kids are less mature , rather the expectations are higher . 
  and society simply does n't give them the opportunity to do their independent thing which would come naturally . 
  that 's a large reason why the `` teenager '' phase even exists . 
  that was not a thing earlier . 
  adolescents were treated like young adults from an age of 13-14 and went to work as an apprentice or did work in the fields etc. 
  there 's no such responsibility . 
  hungary never accepted such things . 
  the eu contracts that hungary signed are about * eu-internal * movement . 
  in fact , treaties like the schengen treaty explicitly order us not to let people in who do n't have proper documentation . 
  and if you say the responsibility is about refugees and asylum , then we do have a treaty for that : it 's called the dublin agreement . 
  which says that asylum claims are to be decided in the first eu country . 
  the most that pro-uncontrolled-immigration people can do is to derive this duty from abstract and nebulous `` european values '' , implying that people who disagree are somehow not european . 
  we can take as many as you want deeper into europe , but there will be an unlimited number of new migrants . 
  only border protection can reduce the burden on italy . 
  if other countries take them from italy , it 's just extra encouragement for further and further migrants . 
  since you comment so much on this topic , you must know very well that it 's not about the 1294 people . 
  therefore you are intentionally distorting what is being said in hungary . 
  the 1294 people are from the one-time relocation that the eu has decided on last year . 
  that decision is done and the referendum * does not * concern that . 
  the referendum is against future potential decisions , against recurring quotas that would say hungary must take a certain percentage of migrants entering the eu . 
  a small number of educated and legal immigrants is no problem . 
  the problem is if the eu invites everyone who lives in bad conditions around the world ( no , they are not all from syria ) and then forces members to settle them in without any upper limit and without national decisions . 
  how many people from around the world would come to europe if they were allowed ? 
  millions ? 
  hundreds of millions ? 
  a billion ? 
  can we take them all ? 
  then how do you choose ? 
  how many do you take ? 
  because what we saw last year was a free-for-all , no border control situation . 
  now it has stopped because of the deal with turkey . 
  we essentially outsourced our border protection to turkey . 
  do you think that people suddenly stopped wanting to come ? 
  somehow last year more than a million decided to come , but now they changed their minds and suddenly they do n't want to . 
  yeah , very plausible .
