  yep . 
  it 's the same shit as in western europe . 
  same food , cleaning products , mobile services , car brands , clothes chains , etc. 
  just people have less money to buy the same shit . 
  hungary has the world record high value-added tax at 27 % , so that contributes . 
  it 's quite hard to summarize in a comment . 
  depending on what your preconceptions are , you may err on either side of reality . 
  if you ( general you ) believe in the stereotypical movie depiction of `` eastern europe '' , with sinister people , extremely run-down buildings and very easy girls , then you 're wrong . 
  but if you believe it 's the same kind of attitude as in the west , you 're also wrong . 
  at least in hungary , budapest and the bigger towns look just as good/bad as any city in western europe , some say it 's even more beautiful . 
  people also see the same movies , buy ( or at least see ) the same brands of products in the supermarket , listen to the same music in clubs , watch the same football . 
  the differences are a bit deeper than these immediately visible things . 
  for example , people make a lot less money , even if adjusted for local prices . 
  it 's hard to overstate the effect of not having to worry about prices in the supermarket or whether you can afford to sit in a nice caf\u00e9 or not . 
  just having this peace of mind that you have your shit together , that you can go on nice vacations , or ski in the winter etc contribute a lot to attitudes i think . 
  and it 's not only about these luxuries . 
  lots of young people have no real prospects for their future . 
  renting a flat is very expensive so many people stay with their parents or relatives , ca n't really hope to buy their own place and start their own life . 
  everything ( food , everyday products , electronics , gas ) costs the same or more than in austria or germany ( except for real estate ) , but the average salary after taxes is around 500 $ per month . 
  many people have almost zero `` emergency money '' or spare money , living from month to month , sometimes falling to negative balance by the end of the month . 
  we constantly compare ourselves with austria , never to romania or ukraine , so we collectively feel frustrated and disappointed . 
  people like to complain a lot and bashing your own country is pretty common . 
  many people imagine western countries as some utopias and believe that everything that 's crappy in hungary is * specifically only * crappy in hungary . 
  the expression `` hungarian mentality '' is a decidedly * negative * , common shorthand for all that we perceive as bad . 
  or `` this is real hungarian solution '' would be used for things like tax evasion , corruption etc. 
  even if there are countries that are much shittier in these regards , hungarians still have a very bad self-image in these things . 
  complaining is a national pastime , and i do n't mean funny , ironic or small-talk complaining like in richer countries , but stressed , frustrated and toxic complaining when you listen into conversations on the bus , around the streets etc. 
  customer service and bureaucracy are really crappy . 
  in germany for example , cashiers seem cheerful , healthy , balanced ; if you enter a clothing shop someone will come and ask you in a kind and honest way if they can help you . 
  just in general going by your day and interacting with services is so nice and calm in germany/austria . 
  in hungary you have to be in a constant mental attack-mode , you have to push people to do things , otherwise they just send you off . 
  like `` nope , ca n't be done '' , `` not my responsibility '' , `` i do n't know '' . 
  there is a general `` pesky customers , why do n't you leave me alone '' attitude that you have to break through . 
  lot of people are pumped with stress , a lot less happy faces especially in the 45 + age group , a legacy from the socialist times . 
  old people are very grumpy in general , they are in bad health , the average pension is 370 $ , from which they sometimes have to support their adult children ( who may already have children themselves ) , they often live alone , ca n't afford to travel around , etc. 
  by contrast english , german or dutch elderly people are so fit , sporty , cheerful , walking around in the city smiling , sitting in caf\u00e9s , travelling to other cities or countries , they are enjoying themselves . 
  younger generations are quite different , they follow international things more , keep up with global trends , smile and help each other a lot more , they are fed up with the pessimistic mentality of older people and want to change it and be prouder of the positive things in hungary instead of the `` ah not worth trying , things are just shit '' - attitude , but it takes time . 
  but then again , another large group of active , ambitious young people simply leave the country and work in london , munich or vienna for 4-5-10x the salary they 'd get in hungary . 
  some of these get really smug and brag endless about how they live in london , for example , and bash their `` primitive '' homeland from there , even when they are doing some `` low-level '' job like car washing or dish washing . 
  a friend of mine , after graduating in the best engineering university of budapest ( as a technical manager ) now works in a bakery in munich and can save a lot of money on the side , compared to working in hungary and have no short term plans of returning ( he is n't smug though ) . 
  it 's a complicated issue , there are many different kinds of people with different attitudes about things and each other . 
  and that 's just in a single country . 
  lithuania or the czech republic or montenegro would be again very different . 
  can you really imagine that italy is deliberately making the process slower so that the migrants stay longer in italy ? 
  take into account that the people who are here on reddit are not representative of their whole countries . 
  most of us are well-educated and richer than average . 
  reddit is not really big in `` eastern europe '' , only the more tech savvy people are here and people who like to read and comment on english-language content in their spare time . 
  after you apply this filter , we 're basically like `` western europeans '' in lifestyle , just less rich . 
  have you been to austria yet ? 
  there 's also a big contrast there from hungary in terms of grass trimming . 
  it 's not really typical to drink beer at lunch outside germany ( as far as i know ) . 
  on weekends sure , but on workdays not really . 
  germany has a special beer culture and the one-beer-rule makes sense there because beer is not always seen as a `` real alcohol '' , it can be just something to go with the food . 
  this also shows in the fact that 16-year-olds can already legally buy beer for themselves ( and wine ) . 
  one thing that surprised me about germans is how moderately they can drink ( in nrw ; bavaria is probably different ) . 
  like they would go out in the evening and drink two weizens slowly and then go home . 
  another thing is the huge price difference between beer in supermarkets and bars . 
  you ca n't get a beer under 3 $ in a bar , but in a supermarket you get the same for like 0.7 $ . 
  the cheap and simple kind of bar is simply non-existent in germany . 
  even students go to fancy places with menus on the tables , waiters taking your order and bringing your beer ( and sometimes even food ) . 
  i just want to say that drinking culture can be very different across countries and it makes little sense to compare the law without knowing the context . 
  i read that a 0.5 liter beer would be out after about 1.6 hours on average . 
  but of course these depend very strongly on how big you are and how your organs function . 
  i 'd prefer if people waited some time after even a single beer and not jump right in the car . 
  the time varies by person , but i 'd say around an hour is usually enough , but some people need more ( not legal advice ) . 
  if you tell people that it 's okay to drink one beer and drive , they will interpret it as `` a few of beers are okay '' , then they 'll drink 3 or 4 and drive . 
  many people ca n't just drink a single beer and wait . 
  maybe austria has the right culture for that but some countries do n't . 
  i feel safer with these rules in place . 
  most refugees and poor immigrants are n't some educated scholars . 
  they only know that `` germany '' or `` england '' is a great place but do n't have much idea about other countries . 
  some even asked , after crossing the serbian-hungarian border , how far germany is by foot . 
  they often have no idea where they are or why they want to go somewhere besides having heard that it 's like really great there . 
  i ask this all the time and i never get an answer . 
  it 's as if the home countries of immigrants were totally outside of the radar of pro-immigration people . 
  as soon as they get to the borders of europe we suddenly discover them and we suddenly get emotional and empathic . 
  but really , what about those who are still in the dangerous countries ? 
  is it moral to leave them there ? 
  the only explanation for the double standard is that they are invisible . 
  as if they did n't even exist . 
  the logical extension and moral improvement of no-limits illegal immigration is to evacuate and depopulate all the conflict-torn and dictator-led countries and bring them to europe . 
  tens or hundreds of millions of people . 
  it 's not exactly true . 
  all the food production and heating and building constructions and all sorts of manufacturing depend on heavy automation , employees commuting , being educated and informed etc. 
  cars and laptops are not simply luxuries , they are part of the whole system to mass produce stuff cheaply . 
  if we suddenly distributed wealth equally among everyone ( and somehow avoided it ending up in the hands of the local warlords ) , we 'd have no capacity to grow . 
  maybe we could live for a couple of years , but it would n't be sustainable . 
  the existence of developed and rich countries and their technological developments actually helps everyone . 
  i spent a couple of years in germany and it was strange to me how the media is full of this feel-good , hippy-style environment friendliness propaganda . 
  and by that i do n't mean facts , but creating this warm and fuzzy feeling for renewables because , you know , the wind , water and sunlight evoke nice feelings , children 's drawings include them , it 's all well known , we see the sun every day , we feel it 's energy when it shines on us , we can picture solar energy easily . 
  but nuclear energy sounds frightening , it evokes ideas like nuclear bombs , ww2 , death , mutant people with two heads , it seems like an aggressive , non-natural intervention into nature to split its atoms and not like `` living in harmony and balance '' . 
  it 's almost fully an emotional knee-jerk thing . 
  now , environment friendliness is not bullshit of course , we need to reduce harmful emissions and reduce global warming , sure . 
  but the huge media support for it is artificial in my opinion . 
  it 's a nice , global , non-divisive idea , independent of nationalities and religions , it 's an issue that can unite all people of earth and so it can be a great uncontroversial thing to say `` i want to save the environment '' , `` let 's help the polar bear '' etc. 
  it 's great for children 's school projects , beauty contest speeches etc. 
  in this kind of public environment it 's really hard to say anything positive about nuclear energy . 
  it 's strongly demonized inside the bones of especially younger generations . 
  and french guiana , too . 
  it originally comes from central and south america , though .
