  i think they are wrong and it just leads to the inevitable who was here first style debates reaching back to the antiquity and perhaps pre-historic times . 
   why would it be a disgusting idea that hungarian lands with hungarian people would belong to hungary ? 
  that 's not what i said . 
  i said confounding the movement for autonomy with irredentism is disgusting fearmongering and fud spreading in romania . 
  today , transylvania is romanian majority except for sz\u00e9kely land and a few towns on the border . 
  nobody would want to have millions of romanians in hungary , it 's nonsense . 
  what most hungarians want is an autonomous sz\u00e9kely land and in general more respect and support by romania for hungarians in keeping their identity instead of motivating them to assimilate and lose their heritage . 
  borders are less important now , anyway , with the eu and soon schengen ( although schengen 's future has become questionable now due to migration ) . 
  what matters is the people and not lands and countries and borders . 
  i really hope we can get to the point where hungary and romania act like grown up western countries and our neighbors stop the century long revenge policy for their perceived historical grievances . 
  the language barrier is a real issue . 
  since nobody can read hungarian in western europe , you - no blame here - can not see what is the situation in the press yourself . 
  otherwise you 'd just open a few newspapers and online news portals and see the extreme amounts of government criticism . 
  but you ca n't do it and instead must listen to the propaganda in your own media . 
  if german was the official language of hungary , everyone could just look and see that it 's absurd to talk about a lack of press freedom . 
  you can say many things , you can criticize fidesz ' own media , but a lack of press freedom is an absurd claim . 
  hungary was a `` flawed democracy '' under the socialists as well , according to the economist iu . 
  [ pdf of the 2008 rankings ] ( http://graphics.eiu.com/pdf/democracy%20index%202008.pdf ) this has nothing to do with orb\u00e1n , much more with the slow and crappy transition from communism and the political-side-independent general mentality . 
   an hungary had its part in that . 
  yes , unfortunately we did n't build a fence earlier . 
  but at least we now apply the existing regulations , most importantly the schengen rules on entering the area , but also the refugee agreements ( which talk about coming directly from a neighboring country , not through 8 safe countries illegally ) . 
  he 's the pm . 
  this is a serious foreign policy situation . 
  people should support this politics , regardless of his other stuff . 
  i think the solution would be that every hungarian party should say the same and then it 's not a matter of party preference any more . 
  actually the socialists are a lot less harsh in criticizing him for this . 
  they should learn to distinguish between issues . 
  focus on his corruption shit in the farm lands scandal , the tobacco shops , oligarchs , the stadiums etc. 
  but this migration issue will have much longer effects than a single governmental cycle or even a few cycles . 
  it needs to be a common accepted approach , even if by some miracle/curse the socialists come back . 
   a lot of he social and political acceptance that gays have won in more liberal countries came from deliberately being provocative i do n't know enough about the history of gay rights and acceptance nor social psychology to comment on this . 
  i thought personal discussions , education and information helps more ( e.g. 
  that sexuality is not about politics or morality , it 's not a choice , they are n't protesting against the heterosexual way of life and are n't trying to convert anyone , they simply have their own orientation deeply within them , etc. ) . 
   not that that 's an excuse i think it 's legitimate to not want to have neighbors like those in the pictures . 
  also if they were heterosexual . 
  for example if someone does n't want to live in a neighborhood of straight porn performers , i think that 's legitimate too . 
  i think they should have the right to parade like that , but nobody should be obliged to support it . 
  of course attacking them for doing such non-violent parades is unacceptable , but people should also have the right to express their dislike of such behavior . 
   does syria borders saudi arabia ? 
  actually no . 
  there 's no `` and '' . 
  i just gave a bit more context to who they might have in mind when they read the question about whether they 'd want x as a neighbor . 
  now you can ask why someone would n't want to have these guys as neighbors etc , but that 's a different discussion . 
  many people only see these provocative gays because others are practically invisible . 
  `` so what ? '', 
  - you may ask . 
  nothing , i just think it helps with the interpretation of the data . 
  let 's not forget that the communist gyula horn - who is so much celebrated in the west , as they only remember him from the time when he cut the barbed wire on the border with austria in 1989 - , also participated in crushing the revolution and even defended his actions after 1990 , saying these people were criminals not revolutionaries and he only acted in the name of law and order . 
  and this guy even got a statue just last month in the european parliament and juncker , president of the european commission made a speech at the unveiling . 
  still has nothing to do with territorial claims . 
  and if hungary really wanted to enforce these things beyond the rhetoric , we could have vetoed romania 's accession to the eu until they allow autonomy for the sz\u00e9kely . 
  even fidesz did n't have the courage to do it . 
  we should have done it , by the way ... 
  i was contesting your claim that `` in the 1950s hungarians would have seen just as foreign as arabs do now . '', 
   really , so all 200,000 hungarians settled in austria and west germany ? 
  ah , i thought you mean the countries that hungarian also lived in before '56 ( i.e. 
  neighboring countries ) . 
  most hungarian refugees went to the us ( 35,000 ) or canada ( 25,000 ) , countries created by european immigrants , there was nothing unusual in getting more european immigrants . 
  they integrated pretty well . 
  by the way there are 1.5 million hungarian americans today , i never heard any complaints that they are so foreign . 
  point is still that this is n't true : `` in the 1950s hungarians would have seen just as foreign as arabs do now . '', 
  i now stop discussing this thread . 
  hungary , according to its constitution , has to act in the interest of the hungarian nationalities in the surrounding countries ( to help them * there * ) . 
  we 'd like to support them in keeping their identity , culture and language . 
  they are n't immigrants who have to learn to `` integrate '' into a `` host '' country . 
  they live where their grandfathers , great-grandfathers etc. 
  have lived . 
  the border moved , not them . 
  why should they drop their identity and assimilate to being romanian ? 
  keeping your nationality , ethnicity , language etc. 
  is a human right . 
  romania should support them in this , too . 
  it would be much more fruitful to live together that way . 
  see all the bilingual towns in western europe . 
  it 's such a petty and balkan thing to quarrel about the hungarian texts here or there , or the usage of the sz\u00e9kely flag . 
  confounding this with irredentism and territorial claims is again , a very dishonest thing . 
  nope . 
  autonomy and dual citizenship are fully accepted things throughout europe . 
  show me another region in the eu where hundreds of thousands of people of a different ethnicity live , on large areas have an 80 % + majority but no autonomy status for the region . 
  show me one . 
  the dual citizenship law is fully in accordance with the practices of other european countries . 
  there is nothing extraordinary about it and it has nothing to do with borders . 
  hungary does n't want to change borders since the paris treaty of 1947 and has never even said anything close to that . 
  everything else is simply spreading hate to deny hungarian minorities ' collective rights . 
   they lived in peace by living seperately . 
  how about the 13 martyrs of arad , executed in 1849 , if we want to go back until the 1848-49 issues ? 
  did you know that 5 of the 13 were ethnically germans and also just 5 were ethnically hungarian ( plus an ethnic serb , a croat and an armenian ) ? 
  the 5 germans were : * ludwig aulich * georg lahner * karl august graf zu leiningen-westerburg * ernst von p\u00f6ltenberg * josef schweidel  and what about the other countries hungarians settled ? 
  where they so ` closely ' aligned as well ? 
  no those were n't but they also did n't take hungarian refugees . 
  again it is about autonomy . 
  zero territorial claims . 
  as he said it , it 's `` above borders '' or `` beyond borders '' ( depending on translation ) . 
  meaning * without any border changes * . 
  i just showed how german/austrian history and culture mixed and that hungarians lived with austrians in peace for the decades prior to wwi . 
  syrians and other middle eastern and asian and african people * are * exotic foreigners bringing a different religion and customs . 
  the point is that the cultural gap is a lot larger between germans and the current migrants than the austrians/germans and hungarian refugees in 1956 . 
  your idea is so out of the realities of this world that i just want to repeat that there have been zero territorial claims by hungary since 1945 . 
  confounding the fight for free expression of cultural and ethnic identity , language use and autonomy with irredentism is the most disgusting fearmongering idea that extremist romanians are pushing to spread anti-hungarian hate among the romanian population . 
   for all intends and purposes they were foreign to them .
