  you can cook something in 30 minutes - 1 hour and then freeze some of it . 
  and people do work long hours in parts of europe too . 
  but then they cook in the evening or at night despite being tired because it 's significantly cheaper than ordering food . 
  can confirm . 
  ( home delivery of pizza etc. 
  is available of course , but cooking is the default . ), 
  orbit , winterfresh , airwaves , wrigley 's . 
  but we consume less of it i think . 
  i ca n't find the consumption stats , but [ this ] ( http://www.confectionerynews.com/markets/highest-chewing-gum-consumption-worldwide-revealed ) says 49 % of hungarians chew it and 59 % of us americans . 
  i expected a larger gap . 
  ( obviously ) you ca n't just jump to the exam part . 
  in hungary the process looks like this : * you take a theoretical course on kresz ( the hungarian traffic law ) . 
  ( optional - you can also study on your own , from books - there are books on the hungarian traffic law in english ) * you take the exam on kresz ( multiple choice test of things like who has right of way in the image , about the different categories of trucks and agricultural vehicles and what speed limit they have where etc. ), 
  * you take a first-aid course ( 2x3 hours ) ( optional - but highly recommended ) * you take the first-aid exam * you get checked by a licensed doctor ( mainly for eyesight and other stuff ) * you do a practical course , which includes 10 hours getting used to the car in an enclosed area and 20 hours traffic practice ( also at least 580 km driving in traffic ) . 
  it 's usually done 1 hour a day . 
  * then you take the exam . 
  sometimes you only get an appointment for several weeks later . 
  if you fail , you have to apply and wait again . 
  it may be a lot more difficult to do all this in english . 
  most instructors do n't speak english , as this is not some high-paid job . 
  english is weird . 
  they often use/confuse `` nationality '' as a synonym of `` citizenship '' , so * actual * nationality needs another word and that 's `` ethnicity '' as we understand it basically ( as opposed to skin color and race , like black , asian , etc. ) . 
  for example catalans have spanish citizenship but catalan ethnicity . 
  transylvanian hungarians are romanian citizens ( or have dual ro-hu citizenship ) , but hungarian by ethnicity . 
  the roma people are an ethnicity spread over several countries , all having the local citizenship . 
  in hungarian we usually call this `` nemzetis\u00e9g '' , derived from `` nemzet '' ( nation ) . 
  but then again , in english , `` nation '' is sometimes used as a synonym of `` country '' , even though an actual nation ( cultural entity based on shared language , history , culture , identity ) can extend over multiple countries and can cover just parts of countries . 
  for example the hungarian nation has about 13-14 million population , while hungary the country has less than 10 million . 
  the way people use such words is different in different places , depending on local customs , interpretations of identity , and of course history . 
  they usually sell the necessary screws with the camera accessories ( e.g. 
  i think this is the sort of thing that censuses are for . 
  to see the demographic makeup of a country . 
  to track and document how the ethnic , linguistic and religious , etc. 
  composition of the country changes . 
  and it 's based on self-identification so nobody declares people to be roma based on their skin color or anything like that . 
  it 's pretty important for minorities , because they can get more rights in places where they are above a certain percentage . 
  for example hungarians in neighboring countries where they are above 20 % . 
  it also allows minorities to argue politically along the lines of `` look how many we are , so take our wants and interests into account '' . 
  eastern eu is much worse . 
  in hungary the average is about 5800 $ / year ( after taxes ) . 
  only about a third of the people earn more than this average . 
  and the minimum wage is about 2800 $ / year . 
  yes , some people have wells in hungary in the countryside , but they also have municipal water supply . 
  the wells are mostly used for watering the gardens . 
  and most would have suction pumps , so no need to pull buckets . 
  also , it 's not like your name , address , birth date etc. 
  are directly stored on the card and someone can read that off from 4 cm . 
  it 's usually ( an encrypted ) identification number there and the data itself is stored in the government 's database . 
  all such companies adjust their recipes for different regions/countries , including mcdonald 's and coca-cola . 
  according to [ this blog post ] ( http://www.expatyourself.com/2010/10/snickers-doesnt-satisfy-everywhere/ ) mars does this too . 
  so i guess only those can answer op 's question who have already been to the us and tasted the chocolates there . 
  depends whether you call mars , snickers , twix `` chocolate '' or rather `` candy bars '' . 
  those do n't taste like puke and are fairly popular . 
  if you mean actual chocolate chocolate , then we do n't really import much of that from the us , so i ( and i guess most europeans ) have never tasted any . 
  virtually non-existent in hungary , except perhaps for the upper class , the really rich . 
  not that people explicitly decide against it , it 's just not something you 'd think about doing . 
  you just go on to the next step . 
  for example , the exam that concludes secondary school is also the exam which is used for university application points . 
  it 's just expected that you go to university when you 're finished with secondary school . 
  or work . 
  * very * few people have enough money to support themselves travelling around for a year without any income . 
  or if we 're talking about taking a year to work to collect money , then it 's usually not necessary , since university is free and you even get paid if you study reasonably well ( i got about a 100 $ / month ) . 
  student accommodation is cheap ( like 30-50 $ / month ) , but you have to share your room with several people . 
  but if you 're poor and still need money , you 'd work over the summer or perhaps even parallel to studying , which is of course pretty hard . 
  but you can also apply for various state benefits if your family is very poor ( called approx . 
  16 including hungary : hungary , austria , germany , switzerland , belgium , netherlands , luxemburg , france , italy , vatican , ireland , uk , croatia , slovakia , romania , slovenia . 
  i spent a night in 9 of the 16 , others were just day trips . 
  there are lots of tescos in hungary , too . 
  i do n't know the exact number but more than a hundred . 
  some cities ' public transport ( like budapest ) is even integrated in the google maps route planner . 
  ( but we also have a separate free app based on live gps data . ), 
   hungary : 17,98 / 1000 i have to add that there are no more than a few dozen ( perhaps few hundred ) refugees remaining in hungary , the vast majority moved on to western europe ( mostly illegally ) . 
  you can also just sneak out to the toilet and drink from the tap there . 
  ( recommended for fellow poor easterners in western europe ), 
  the kid is there and needs support . 
  theoretically , it could be paid from tax money , but then many couples could just divorce on paper to receive that extra money from the state . 
  also , it would encourage irresponsible behavior , and many countries do n't have so much tax money to pay for all those children abandoned by one of their parents . 
  -- abortion is an entirely separate issue . 
  it is accepted by people who do n't consider the fetus a person until a certain ( somewhat arbitrary ) point in its development . 
  not all european countries have the same legislation about abortion . 
  the pro-abortion-rights reasoning goes something like this : just as a woman ca n't force a man to impregnate her , a man can not force a woman to carry the fetus from his sperm till it becomes a person ( yeah , the precise point in time is arbitrary ) . 
  so philosophically , abortion is comparable to not even conceiving . 
  it 's a man 's decision if he ejaculates in a woman or not . 
  from that point on , the zygote/fetus is inside her body and until the fetus reaches the point where we consider it a person , the woman has control over it , just as over any part of her body . 
  the anti-abortion reasoning says that personhood and human rights start from the moment of conception so intentionally ending its life is murder . 
  the dumb stereotype in our jokes are about the policemen and blonde women . 
  we also have jokes about jews ( always trying to make business and money ) , sz\u00e9kelys ( quick witted ) and the scottish ( frugal , cheap ass ) , gypsies ( about stealing and not bathing ) , hungarians ( not cooperating , trying to screw over each other ) and perhaps a few more types . 
  there are differences among european countries so it 's hard to speak about it as one block . 
  in hungary , tap water is seen as something frugal and does n't fit the idea of a restaurant . 
  you 're supposed to eat and drink something `` special '' if you 're at a restaurant . 
  some nice draught beer , some apple/orange juice etc. 
  plain water is just too plain . 
  as for bottled water , many people ( again depends on the country ) prefer sparkling water . 
  some of them will also say that bottled still water is a waste and that it might as well be tap water and they see it as a `` special snowflake '' nonsense fancy drink of how should i say . 
  and then , many people buy bottled water even for home . 
  for some regions it 's sensible because the tap water may taste somewhat bad , look not as aesthetically pleasing ( somewhat opaque , chlorinated ) , so it 's worth paying for the bottles . 
  for others it 's a perception thing . 
  tap water comes out of the tap , we shower in it , we wash dishes in it , they psychologically have lower feels about it ( lots of marketing , tv spots , billboards etc. 
  help too ) . 
  i normally drink tap water at home because it tastes good for me and i know that it 's perfectly safe .
