  and the czech-german is not ? 
  or what are you trying to say ? 
  how could you even shame those gulf countries . 
  it 's kind of accepted as self-evident that they are n't the same sort of country as us , we ca n't really tell them anything . 
  it 's like demanding stuff from north korea , like `` please make better living conditions for your people '' . 
  nobody says it because it 's useless . 
  the abrahamic religions have the same god . 
  they are based on the same original religion , judaism . 
  it branched off to christianity when some jews recognized the messiah in jesus . 
  muslims recognize jesus as a prophet of god ( the same god who is talked about in the old testament ) . 
  they do n't have a separate god . 
  there was a couple of trains that were let though one evening , when there was confusion about what germany means by suspending dublin . 
  now that it 's clarified , they are n't let through . 
  i 'm not sure how we are supposed to not let them through any better than we are doing . 
  lock them up in prison ? 
  they have a right to free movement in the country . 
  criticising is very easy , and hungary is nowadays always the bad guy of the eu , so it 's easy to smear some shit on our face whatever we do . 
  false . 
  we register them . 
  you may be confusing us with greece or italy or austria or serbia . 
  hungary registers them . 
  check your sources ( and post them , too ) because you 've been lied to if you read that hungary does n't register them , because we do . 
  edit : many are now being transported to registration camps from budapest , so they can apply for asylum . 
  as you can imagine , they are protesting and are outraged and shout `` no camps !, 
  '' , `` no camps !, 
  '' , they lie on the train tracks and cry `` germany !! '', 
  why they have n't been registered yet ? 
  because they are rushing in by the thousands every day over the 175 km long border with serbia . 
  but if we build a fence to make them go to official border crossings , we are the devil again . 
  we catch more than 2000 illegal immigrants all over the country every day . 
  but probably somehow this is inhumane , too , i 'm sure ... 
  they do n't want to be registered . 
  and when we do make them registered then international media can make some nice photos of the police in confrontation with the migrants ... 
  i ca n't believe how much the international media distorts the narrative just to make hungary look like the bad guy . 
  germany invited them through marketing , word of mouth , `` refugees welcome '' and `` syrians wo n't get sent back '' policies . 
  refugees go there because germany can afford to give welfare to people from which * a person can actually survive * . 
  eastern europe does n't even give its own citizens enough benefits to just live off that alone in dignity . 
  every single refugee , when leaving turkey , is headed * directly * to germany . 
  any other countries are just on the route . 
  what matters is their destination : germany . 
  you ca n't invite people in your house and then leave them at the doorstep , or seat them at your neighbor 's dinner table . 
  germany welcomes them , then accept them . 
  germans imagine hungary as if it was as rich as germany and simply lacked the good will to pay them the benefits . 
  eastern europe can not afford , even for its own citizens , free money to cover `` what 's necessary to survive in dignity '' . 
  germans are living in a luxury bubble and do n't understand that it 's not about `` good will '' . 
  we have no money for this . 
  some pensioners get 100-150 $ . 
  in the winter they are closing every room , seal them with blankets and live in a small part of the apartment just to spare on heating . 
  they cook cheap parts of chicken ( the back and the bottom ) . 
  have no way to go out or travel or do anything . 
  they are vegetating . 
  the gypsies live in run-down outskirts of villages and towns . 
  they have kids in order to live off the child welfare . 
  young people can not afford rent from their salary . 
  it 's unrealistic to put more problematic people in such a society . 
  it 's the `` same '' god in all abrahamic religions . 
  `` allah '' is simply arabic for `` god '' , just like `` gott '' for german . 
  it 's not a separate thing . 
  who said anything about race in this thread ? 
  i think those are rather the american kids who are fed up with the bullshit of american christianity , about which they are understandably angry . 
  europe is different . 
  and some good comments on the criticism of islam , by sam harris : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46nh8_bk7ok, 
  i 'm not religious and i like dawkins ' books but those are mainly addressed to americans . 
  european christianity is a lot more mature and cultured than american christianity . 
  another american , the science popularizer neil degrasse tyson [ even compared christianity to scientology , as in both are simply false ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/neil-degrasse-tyson-defends-scientology-2015-4?r=us&amp;ir=t ) . 
  now that is dangerous . 
  we need to differentiate between religions , it 's not just that `` all are false , so all are equal '' . 
  exactly . 
  what we did inside europe internally is one thing ( secularization , etc. ) . 
  but here we have to see things from a bird 's eye view : long term history and global view . 
  in this sense we are very much shaped by christianity , even the atheists , like myself . 
  we can not deny this . 
  even when we disagree with the fundamentalist christian things or what the pope says , it 's still part of europe 's cultural history and christianity shaped , motivated and provoked a lot of the enlightenment . 
  you ca n't talk about the enlightenment without explaining what the church said in those times . 
  our history is entangled . 
  islam is foreign . 
  it does n't mean it 's necessarily bad because of it , but cultural adjustment needs time . 
  you ca n't rush in millions of people and call it a day . 
  people are too naively optimistic . 
  as an atheist , i 'm fine with the european-style , mild , quiet and mature ` cultural ' christianity . 
  if they develop a mild , mature , metaphorical islam , i 'm fine with that too . 
  i 'd prefer all of europe to be like scandinavia in this regard . 
  the us-style crazy christianity is something else , and it would be detrimental to import that too , and i 'd be worried if we were flooded by the westboro baptists or had mormons in power , as well . 
  i do n't know . 
  some are willing to learn it . 
  how many ? 
  i do n't know , it 's a chaotic flood of people and we do n't know who they are . 
  it 's the refugees who do n't want to get registered and escape the fingerprinting camps . 
  they want to go on to germany illegally . 
  hungary is trying to catch them , and that 's what the fence is for . 
  if you are a refugee , go to the official border crossing on a normal road . 
  do n't rush in through the forest , under the fence or cutting it through , hoping that you wo n't be caught and will get to travel on to germany unchecked , because germany will not let you in , they are blocking entry of refugee trains . 
  hungary is now pressed between south and west . 
  migrants flowing in from serbia , but not allowed out to germany , plus by eu law even those could be sent back to hungary who are already in the west . 
  not nice . 
  full press conference , with schultz : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkrx4rjkvxu, 
  full press conference : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkrx4rjkvxu, 
  well , you can probably slip onto some trains here and there , at smaller train stations , and if you do n't have too many other migrants around you . 
  but if a large group of them gets on the trains , police usually take them off . 
  but sure , we ca n't put a police officer on every square meter of the country .
