  or kaufland ) products you can live very frugally . 
  but branded stuff is easily payable too . 
  maybe other western european countries are more expensive , i 'll check next time i 'm nearby . 
  really . 
  if you buy the same stuff , it costs the same . 
  but by extension from salaries , another thing that 's cheaper in the east is services . 
  for example beer at the bars ( since the waiters , bartenders and all employees make less ) . 
  or bus tickets . 
  local stuff like that . 
  but when you buy things that can be transported in trucks ( i.e. 
  not land , bar service , public transport , rent , etc ) it costs the same . 
   lot of money more than you have to for normal groceries misconception . 
  source : lived years in germany , lived decades in hungary . 
  prices are the same in the supermarket/clothes shop/electronics shop . 
  ( hell , in some cases germany is cheaper ! ), 
  what 's cheaper in hungary is the rent , real estate and labor ( i.e. 
  salaries from the other side ) . 
   wealth redistribution across eu exactly . 
  where is the western european solidarity about this issue ? 
  we have no money for this . 
  as simple as that . 
  eastern europe ca n't even figure out what to do with our gypsies who have been living here for ages . 
  there 's no way we can import more problematic people . 
  that 's what you think while you 're outside . 
  i mean i personally think the eu is still good overall for hungary , and we must stay in , but the nation got really disillusioned in these 11 years since joining . 
  since they live in abundance and luxury where making thousands of euros per month is the norm , they can simply not understand the situation in the eastern members . 
  refugees do n't want to stay in the east . 
  they run away from the police in hungary , when they try to keep them in the fingerprinting camp . 
  they demonstrate at the train station and chant `` germany yes , hungary no ! '' . 
  they make [ pics like this ] ( http://kep.index.hu/1/0/976/9763/97633/9763363_fa9fddfb9f119713c1305cf117ca69d9_q.jpg ) . 
  we would need to keep them here by force . 
  by putting them in locked camps . 
  it 's impossible . 
  they want to go to the rich , welfare countries . 
  who could blame them ? 
  we have pensioners who live off 100-150 $ / month . 
  we have poor people and homeless . 
  we have the gypsies . 
  we have enough problems to deal with beside this . 
  germany and sweden are in a good situation and have the luxury of being able to afford to let in all the migrants ( who specifically want to go there ) . 
  there 's no way to distribute them . 
  they will be on their way to germany again the next day . 
  what the western countries get by having the east in the eu is : easy brain drain ( every talented professional tries to work in the west for 4-10 times more salary ) + market + cheap local labor ( multinational companies present in hungary ) . 
  it 's no charity . 
  there was pressure on merkel due to the attacks on refugee camps and such in germany . 
  so she had to condemn these attacks and make it very clear that she 's pro-refugee . 
  it went a bit overboard . 
  and if they use your ip , you can go to tor browser . 
  i can not blame hungarian authorities for this . 
  there is a huge crowd around the keleti train station in budapest eager to leave to germany . 
  they are protesting , and demanding to be let through . 
  what do you expect us to do ? 
  if we keep them here and make the police enforce these rules , we are labeled as cruel and wanting to hurt migrants . 
  if we let them go , we are technically not following the law . 
  it 's a shitty situation . 
  these people did n't come to hungary to stay here . 
  they never thought it like that . 
  the second they left their home they knew they want to go to germany [ as this propaganda image also shows ] ( http://kep.index.hu/1/0/976/9763/97633/9763363_fa9fddfb9f119713c1305cf117ca69d9_q.jpg ) . 
  we ca n't keep people who do n't want to be here . 
  understandably they want to live in rich countries not in eastern europe ... 
  yep . 
  just tell us that we should n't fingerprint them and try to catch them . 
  there were instances when the hungarian police would n't let migrants get on the train to munich because according to law they should stay in hungary after being processed here . 
  the legal situation needs clarification . 
  tell us officially that we can put people who enter from serbia directly on the trains towards germany . 
  they all want to go there anyway ( chanting `` germany yes , hungary no ! '', 
  in the railway station when police was there ) and we are now forcing them to get fingerprinted and registered and keep them inside , which is not sustainable and sensible . 
  give us the green light to simply let everyone through . 
  edit : i 'm reading that we let through some trains this evening . 
  migrants got the news that germany will take all syrians ` without limit ' , so people are excited . 
  we can not force them to stay . 
  it 's just a huge chaos . 
  * elte for natural sciences and humanities ( law , literature , etc ) * bme for engineering and natural sciences * sote for medicine * corvinus for economics all these in budapest . 
  the best non-budapest university , also producing world-class research , is the szeged university . 
  if i need to name one , i 'd say elte has the greatest subjective `` prestige '' . 
  of course it 's somewhat meaningless to compare universities that are good in different fields of study ... 
  the problem is that first you 'd have to admit that immigrants come with a culture or value system that needs overriding , i.e. 
  it is less valuable than our superior ways . 
  the currently popular idea of cultural relativism and the assumed equal stance of all religions and ideologies does not really allow this . 
  there 's no tuition fee in hungary ( surely not for bachelor 's or master 's , but i think also not for phd ) . 
  getting the phd position means that tuition is covered by the state . 
  you do n't see this personally , but it happens in the background . 
  you simply get a state funded place . 
  but you do n't get money to spend on things like rent or food . 
  the university system in germany is quite scattered . 
  for one , universities are quite independent from the state and also from each other . 
  there is no nationwide student id for example . 
  even inside universities , the departments and chairs are quite independent and operate seemingly without knowing about each other 's existence . 
  lecures and exercises are not confined to fixed slots , it depends on when the prof has time . 
  so you may get 20 minutes overlap between two of your lectures . 
  there is a sea of bureaucracy , but still there is no central , systematic structure to the whole thing . 
  there are rules and paragraphs but no operational structre , backbone to the whole . 
  also the online systems are quite crappy . 
  they are made one by one for each university instead of creating a single one and deploying it to all universities . 
  oh but that would n't work because the whole credit system and preconditions to lectures and exercises and exam application rules and all these things are so complicated and so different from one university to the next that they ca n't come up with a simple point-and-click system . 
  instead , you sometimes have to send emails to profs or the pr\u00fcfungsamt or you need to take signed papers to them , then things break down , then the prof has to phone in , extend deadlines , etc. 
  in the end everything will get cleared up , but maybe only months later . 
  or take for example applying for taking lectures . 
  it does n't exist in germany . 
  in hungary the second week of the semester is spent with selecting and applying for lectures with a limited amount of slots ( and the race to get places in good courses ) .
