  well , this picture is totally normal , it could also be in hungary ( distance-wise ) . 
  i do n't get why this is unusual . 
  people are standing just one step away . 
  do they touch shoulder to shoulder in other countries ? 
  now [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/bsnzo.jpg ) and [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/obspphh.jpg ) * are * a bit quirky . 
  what ? 
  you talk to strangers while waiting for the bus ? 
  then i 'll give you some non-scientists you may recognize : harry houdini , tony curtis , zsa zsa gabor , bela lugosi , george soros , judit polgar . 
   he said that budapest was a safe-ground for jews during the holocaust . 
  it 's a very sensitive topic . 
  in hungary , you can be fined or imprisoned for trying to downplay the severeness of the holocaust . 
  nope , as far as i know he 's not a jew . 
  wigner was another nobel laurate theoretical physicist who worked on the manhattan project . 
  you may also know his essay `` the unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics in the natural sciences '' . 
  dennis gabor was another nobel laurate physicist , inventor of the hologram . 
  that 's a very sensitive question . 
  western european media often portrays hungary as very anti-semitic , but i think it 's a great exaggeration . 
  in france and sweden the anti-semitic people are the muslims mostly , but there are practically no muslims in hungary , so it 's a different topic . 
  anti-semitic hungarians usually hate jews in the abstract , in the context of powerful banks , the bilderberg group , freemasonry etc. 
  it 's not really a day-to-day thing directed towards people on the street . 
  i also have to add that i basically never meet `` visible jews '' on the street ( in jewish clothing or hairstyle etc. ) . 
  most of them are n't really religious , just cultural-ethnical jews . 
  it 's not like a different race that you immediately recognize . 
  but the answer will depend a lot on who you ask . 
  many jews also tend to be left-leaning , so they will be somewhat biased against the current government , too . 
  but i never heard anything anti-semitic from this government , on the contrary . 
  but jobbik ( second largest party ) does contain anti-semites , though they also never target individuals on the street , it 's more about criticizing israel , global jewish influence , etc. 
  but again , this is quite political . 
  budapest has had a lot of jews for a long time . 
  less now than earlier ( holocaust + emigration to israel & us ) , but there is still a sizable jewish population in budapest . 
  before wwii , there were about 200,000 jews in budapest , about 20 % of the population . 
  now it 's around 100,000 , about 5 % . 
  the largest synagogue of europe is also in budapest . 
  additionally , most famous inventors , scientists and mathematicians from hungary were jews . 
  for example edward teller , leo szil\u00e1rd , john von neumann , eugene wigner , dennis gabor , paul erd\u0151s , theodore von k\u00e1rm\u00e1n , george p\u00f3lya , frigyes riesz and many more . 
  in my experience western europeans really believe that they get objective news and facts from their newspapers , while easterners are more skeptical and kinda know which newspaper is biased to which side and either knowingly stick with their tribe or try to average them out . 
  but there is no illusion of impartial objectivity in political news here ( among people i know ) . 
  exactly . 
  when everyone had to listen to the same few artists that were available on vinyl at the local music shop , becoming a legend was `` easier '' , simply because everything was more synchronized . 
  just as the tv sychronized people 's experiences so much when there was only 1 channel overall ( in hungary for example for a long time ) . 
  that made some shows massively popular in the sense that almost literally everyone followed them ( since there was * nothing else * you could watch ) . 
  i 'm not trying to deny the genius of musical legends of past decades , but they benefited from the `` mere exposure '' they got . 
  the world was subjectively small back then . 
  with the internet , things have opened up and you can listen to thousands and thousands of different bands , from all over the world . 
  you can download tv shows even if they do n't show it on any of the 100 channels that you get on your regular tv . 
  culture is getting fragmented again . 
  of course we still have extremely popular musicians , but many of them are industrial products , manufactured for optimal profit returns , they are n't the independent artists that musical legends were back then . 
  orb\u00e1n ( hungarian pm ) speaks hungarian and english . 
  he has a thick accent but it 's within what 's okay , i think . 
  edit : [ example video ] ( https://youtu.be/9zqmdvjvtgq?t=5m12s ), 
  i do n't really see an actual christian revival here . 
  most people do n't really care about religion ( as in god , church etc ) here . 
  the hungarian government uses christianity for rhetorics lately , but they are n't so religious either ( compared to the us for example ) . 
  the one dimensional left-right scale does n't explain politics anymore , especially not across times and countries . 
  for example robert fico , slovakia 's pm is left-wing ( socialist ) and you probably know how he thinks about muslim immigration . 
  rather 99 % drop ( or even 99.9 % ) , as their daily number reduced from 5,000-10 ,000 to 5-50 . 
   mongolian funny how romanians always say this . 
  hungarians never lived that far to the east but came from around the ural mountains , just on the eastern border of geographical europe . 
  `` brown people '' is an artificial phrase to make it look as if being against islam were like racism against black people . 
  `` black people '' is an actual phrase , and by analogy leftists created this `` brown people '' idea , which is never actually used by people who oppose muslim immigration . 
  seriously , anytime the phrase `` brown people '' comes up , it 's used by a pc leftist . 
  slota was ( fortunately ) never a minister . 
   but thanks to immigration crisis , right-wing politicans gain popularity . 
  and they 're heavily against any control over wealth distribution . 
  maybe in the us , but that 's not the case everywhere . 
  for example hungary 's right-wing is pretty left-wing regarding taxing and socialization . 
  `` left '' and `` right '' are not as consistent over time and space as some people imagine . 
  being against immigration does n't imply you are against a large government . 
  the problem is , even if they explain what they do with our data , most people could n't care less . 
  the explanation interrupts their workflow , they wo n't start reading about google 's privacy policy when they are in the middle of searching for some important thing , like a train schedule , or whatever . 
  people have been trained by eulas to just click `` ok '' , `` accept '' , `` next '' without reading anything etc. 
  just to make that screen go away and continue doing the important work . 
  google often shows reminders to read it , and actually it 's in compreshensible language , not legalese , but still it 's an annoyance . 
  most people will keep using these services whatever they do in the background . 
  that 's out of sight , it 's abstract , it 's not immediate , not important at the moment . 
  convenience is important . 
  additionally , the `` i do n't need to hide anything , anyway '' mentality . 
  if people actually do n't care what happens with their data ( due to the abstract and theoretical-feeling nature of the question ) , then lawyers ca n't make them care with annoying warnings . 
   they control most of the aegan it does n't seem like they have much control over it , seeing that anyone can sail through . 
   we could ship them back to refugee camps in the middle-east but those countries do n't accept them back . 
  you 'd have to violate their borders to dump thousands of people on their land . 
  funny how democracy becomes populism if you do n't agree with a popular decision . 
  advocating for democracy and then calling the decisions tyranny of the majority and populism is pretty inconsistent . 
  this is actually called `` enlightened absolutism '' . 
  the elites know what 's good for the people , derived from ideological principles , and they force their will on them . 
  looking at a map gives a few candidates to be europe 's papua new guinea . 
  none will be happy to take the role , though ( `` not in my backyard '' ) . 
  for example cyprus . 
  but it 's an eu member . 
  let 's make it a special eu member , where not all free movement rules apply , but some new carefully designed ones . 
  or make a deal with north cyprus . 
  or greece could retract from kos , samos , etc. 
  and make a new non-eu country there . 
  pay them so much that the conditions will be as good as germany for a migrant ? 
  so why are those islands so important to greece anyway ? 
  they just cause problems with border protection and there 's nothing of use on them ( as you said , water , electricity , room ) . 
  give up as many islands as you need , so you can protect the important ones . 
   until they can be processed what does this even mean ? 
  what would be the acceptance percentage in your imagined scenario ? 
  if close to 100 % , then the situation is basically the same , they just do the paperwork at a different place .
