  so smart !, 
   why the hell not ? 
  because they do n't have the legal right to do so . 
  you know , laws . 
  things passed by parliaments and international conventions . 
  none of those say that a refugee has the right to pick a country and unilaterally travel there and cross 10 borders illegally while doing so . 
  no law says this . 
  so therefore , since no law allows this , but there are laws forbidding illegal border trespassing , it logically follows that they have no right to do this . 
  can you understand this , or should i write an eli5 ? 
   i failed to see any germany fences/armies at their border . 
  who said that ? 
  i can only repeat : if germany officially , officially gives permission for these people to enter their territory , germany 's territory , then - only afterwards - there will be no more questions , they can swoosh through all the balkans and hungary and austria at light speed without any problems . 
  ( such an announcement would of course get them approximately 10 million new migrants to take care of ) . 
  you see , germany uses the chaos and difficulty of going illegally to germany as a way to slow down the influx . 
  but they are still playing the rhetoric as if they welcomed them . 
  edit : and just to make it clear , if someone bombs your house , or if you are such danger , then you have the right to flee the country to the nearest safe country . 
  there are people living there safely , in that neighboring country . 
  people who have no right to go to germany . 
  you will become like them in this regard . 
  you are also safe and have no more right to unilaterally go to germany . 
  if germany wants to help that neighbor country of yours , they are welcome to do so , it 's a nice gesture , and they can help with the burden and take some of the refugees to germany . 
  all very well and legal . 
  see the difference ? 
  have you read the article ? 
  he means when the fence is ready to be defended on the croatian border . 
  then , when the fence is ready , in 1 or 2 days , we will have 2 options : * keep them all out ( unless they are willing to apply for asylum in hungary ) * let them to austria and germany germany can no longer stick its head in the sand : they have to give legal , official permission to the people to enter germany . 
  no more fucking with the countries on the migration route for * any * decision they make . 
   where are the 110,000 asylum seekers that requested asylum in hungary between q2/14 and q2/15 ? 
  they left . 
  they are not kept in prison , you know . 
  they can simply stand up and walk away ( bus , train , anything ) . 
  this is of course illegal . 
  but now when the fence is up , they ca n't leave illegally because they ca n't even enter illegally . 
   ok not to send a fucking army at them never happened . 
  army is there to defend the border fence from being damaged . 
  how can you accidentally be scared into destroying property ? 
   you ca n't fucking shoot them because their papers are invalid somehow . 
  never happened . 
  they are detained , fingerprinted , photographed and expelled and banned from the eu and get an eu-wide criminal record . 
  as it should be . 
   the notion of them not wanting to register is same as a parents not wanting to register their own kids upon birth . 
  why the hell not ? 
  they do n't want to register in hungary . 
  they want to do it in germany . 
  this is absurd . 
  a refugee can not choose where to go . 
  there are rules and borders . 
  * if * germany officially , ** officially ** gives permission for these people to enter their territory , germany 's territory , * then * - only afterwards - there will be no more questions , they can swoosh through all the balkans and hungary and austria at light speed without any problems . 
  all of this chaos and back-and-forth is caused by germany 's two-faced politics . 
  nato would say the nice old formula `` at the time of signing the north atlantic treaty , it was a very different world and very different situation . 
  in modern days , the world has changed so much that we have see clearly that it can no longer work , these countries will have to stop their wars and croatia can not expect nato membership to mean that the us will back its wars - we could never get the political support for that in the us '' and then send in some un peacekeepers or something like that . 
  earlier for some time it was only at smaller border crossing points with limited working hours . 
  now all are open and functioning . 
  full traffic allowed in both directions everywhere . 
  and serbia can not transport them to hungary , as hungary would close the r\u00f6szke main border crossing on the motorway with steel walls and it would cause huge economic damages to serbia in its transports towards western europe . 
  so they promised not to bus them to hungary . 
  perhaps stop criticizing hungary , and start supporting the v4 and other countries in the struggle against brussels an berlin and tell them to stop . 
  the . 
  migration . 
  with force , in greece . 
  fencing is the obligation of the leadership as they are elected leaders of the hungarians and we have entrusted them with the task of protecting us . 
  letting * anyone * , really , think about it , * anyone * , without * any checks * , without * any * papers , without * anything * is such an extreme violation of the duties of the government that if it condones this and does n't do * everything * in its powers to stop it , then it would have to resign immediately . 
  it would have to be replaced immediately . 
  it means the country has collapsed and seized to function . 
  it has rotten away and has annihilated . 
  it has happened in several countries and those governments have all utterly failed and betrayed their own people . 
  germany of course does n't have to deal with the situation the way hungary has to , due to its geographical location . 
  hungary is on the migration route , while germany is a destination country . 
  you ca n't compare the two . 
   looking actively to either stop those people by force , or ship them elsewhere without identification well , the only other option beyond these 2 is to keep hundreds of thousands of people forcefully in hungary . 
  you know , forcefully : chains , handcuffs . 
  because these people want to leave . 
  so they will go to the main train station ( we 've seen this for days ) , stay there even if we close the station , even if we cancel all trains , then they will march on the motorway on foot ( they marched 24 km on foot , women , children , people in wheelchairs , people with crutches ) . 
  what other option do you know of ? 
  yeah besides becoming suddenly as rich as germany and giving them what germany can give them ? 
  we , europe , should prepare to see many more stranded people in croatia because the croatia-hungary border will soon be closed to illegal entry and will only be open for asylum seekers . 
  they will have a slim chance of getting asylum though , as they are coming from an eu country , which is of course safe . 
  so if slovenia does n't let them in , they will be stuck in croatia , or they will have to go to romania to go around the hungarian fence ( if romania helps them , they can also prepare to wait long before joining schengen ) . 
  then we 'll have to wait until that part of the fence is done , too . 
  then they will go to ukraine and then slovakia or poland . 
  i 'm not sure if you followed the news when the migrants were at keleti train station and after days of not being let on trains ( trains cancelled , whole station closed etc ) , they said fuck it and started walking hours and hours through the city and out on the motorway towards austria . 
  or that another group of migrants refused to go in the refugee camp and then started walking along the railway tracks towards austria . 
  now . 
  this was after days of international condemnation that we are forcing these poor refugees to stay in this devilish country and the poor souls can not go to the safe lands of austria and germany . 
  after hours about 8 or 9 hours of walking on the motorway , after midnight , government said we can not wait for them to walk all the way 230 km , we need to put them somewhere from our main motorway connecting vienna with budapest . 
  they are n't willing to come to the refugee center . 
  if we go there and detain them and bring them away in chains , we are crucified by the international community . 
  the only way was to bring them to the end of the motorway . 
  austria could still have sent their riot police there and stopped them from entering austria . 
  but actually merkel accepted them before they got there . 
  also , i 'm not sure what you 'd expect . 
  if we are flooded by 230,000 migrants this year , do you expect us to keep them in the country ? 
  we can not . 
  that 's why we need a fence so we do n't have to violate dublin or schengen and at the same time we do n't end up with hundreds of thousands stuck in hungary . 
   orban did n't accept help from the eu what kind of help ? 
  please link a concrete source where hungary rejected some help . 
   germany never did that . 
  hungary did that . 
  germany is shitting on hungary for building a fence and says that it 's inhumane to keep them from entering hungary illegally , irregularly through the bushes and woods at night . 
  according to germany it should be a human right for foreigners to secretly enter other countries at any time in groups of thousands at any point they like .
