  well , almost . 
  since my teacher did n't speak english and could n't sing , we also had a separate english teacher and a singing/music teacher . 
  but we were mostly in the same classroom the whole day with the same teacher . 
  then in the second half of primary school ( ages 10/11-13 / 14 ) we have several teachers and we also have classes in different classrooms . 
  but the class always stays together , except for foreign language class , where the choice between english , german and french was offered . 
  basically in each `` age group '' or grade ( i.e. 
  the 6th graders etc. ), 
  we have 3 , 4 or 5 ( depending on school size ) classes ( groups of 25-35 students ) , who are always together , have a class master teacher who takes care of their issues etc. 
  classes are labelled with letters , so `` 6 . b '' would be the `` b '' class of the 6th graders ( the letters have no meaning or significance it 's just a label ) . 
  after each year the number would increase in you class label , but the letter usually stays the same . 
  but i digress . 
  secondary school ( age 14/15-18 / 19 ) is the same system , but in the last two years we could pick two subjects where we had extra , more intensive classes , so that students could prepare for the advanced level final exams for the subjects that they needed for application to university . 
  another difference is that we do n't have `` content areas '' , we just have `` subjects '' . 
  we 'd have a timetable given to each class , which says for example that monday goes : math , hungarian , history , pe , english , physics . 
  tuesday is : chemistry , literature , biology , history , math . 
  and for example in history , it 's the teacher 's job to choose what to teach each particular day . 
  the usual system is to go a few weeks with world history , then have a test , then go with hungarian history , have a test ; rinse , repeat . 
  we start from prehistory in 5th grade and reach today 's age at the end of 8th grade . 
  then in secondary school we start all over again from prehistory and reach today in the final year in 12th grade . 
  and in each historical age we learn whatever significant stuff happened wherever in the world . 
  so it 's not like we `` take classes on the history of the americas '' , it 's just that we `` learn about everything '' so to speak . 
  or you could have given the example of romania , too , when you guys cut off a few zeroes at the end . 
  of course it did n't suddenly make your currency less affordable . 
  or another example : just because `` 1 mile per hour '' is faster than `` 1 kilometer per hour '' , it does n't mean that american cars are faster . 
  i eat all . 
  chicken , pork , beef , fish etc. 
  i 've killed and gutted fish , saw my grandmother kill chickens and i helped as a kid . 
  i also saw pig killings at my grandparents ' , but the i was too small and was n't allowed to see the moment of killing . 
  in hungary , by definitions of the law , kitchen , bathroom , corridor etc are not rooms nor half rooms . 
  rooms must also have natural lighting ( i.e. 
  windows ) . 
  the difference between rooms and half rooms is size : * 6 m ^ 2 - 12 m ^ 2 -  half room * above 12 m ^ 2 -  room, 
  yes , judo was somewhat popular in my school among kids ( primary school ) . 
  and in contrast with other european countries ( as seen from the comments ) there were plenty of optional sport classes ( i.e. 
  not the mandatory pe classes ) in the afternoons to choose from . 
  i guess they were partially organized by third parties , but it was in the school . 
  ( for example so that kids whose parents worked until late afternoon could also take part . ), 
   beginning with * karl dem gro\u00dfen * you really do noun/adjective declension when embedding german expressions in other languages ? 
  or is this kind of tongue-in-cheek ? 
  in hungary we do n't have a module system or anything similar . 
  we just go to school and then learn whatever the teachers teach . 
  not much choice involved . 
  but in history class yeah we do learn about american history , we learn about all parts of the world . 
  i do n't think of it as an identity . 
  obviously i feel other european nations are more culturally close than , say , china , japan or congo . 
  but i have n't been outside of europe yet , and also our history is mostly connected to europe 's history , so it 's like we have most of our friends and historical enemies here in europe , so it 's basically the most important place/scene where things that i learned about and care about take/took place . 
  but it does n't necessarily lead to an identity . 
  lots of people have literally zero savings and live directly from their salaries and get zeroed out at the end of the month . 
  but yeah , even those who have some savings , do n't know much about finances , they just put it into the bank . 
  those who have lots of money will perhaps buy an apartment and rent it out , which is a form of investment . 
  but `` investment '' has a negative connotation for many people , it has some `` greedy , evil , speculative '' vibe to it . 
  it 's not actually popular . 
  which is not surprising since it 's not really a spectator sport , the action is not really visible , etc. 
  i guess it 's mostly family and friends of the contestants who go to watch fencing events . 
  definitely not . 
  i 've never seen fencing on tv except for the olympics . 
  i never heard of anyone doing the sport ( i mean people i know or acquaintances ' acquaintances ) , and never heard of anyone following it ( news , fandom etc. 
  everyday hungarians do n't have money to invest . 
  football is obviously the most popular , by a huge margin , then come sports that hungary is good at , like handball and water polo . 
  but again , football dwarfs everything else . 
  yeah , we do , but not too frequently . 
  i guess it 's a thing mostly in the former austro-hungarian empire . 
  and southern germany , which is basically like austria . 
  i guess when the environment is generally run down ( crumbling buildings , rusty stuff , wild growing grass and weeds etc ) people are more likely to toss another piece of garbage there . 
  when you travel on a bus that 's 30 years old and falling apart , people are more likely to soil it than a brand new modern bus with air conditioning and lcd displays . 
  also , for example in germany , they clean the streets every morning with machines [ like these ] ( http://www.directindustry.com/industrial-manufacturer/street-sweeper-71513.html ) . 
  poland . 
   in the uk at least , you normally have a jug of tap water on the table at a restaurant that 's not usual in many european countries . 
  for example hungarian restaurants do n't have it . 
  it 's considered a rude-ish , cheap-ass thing to ask for tap water , as it means you do n't want to pay for drinks . 
  similar to not giving a tip at all , or i 'd say even more rude . 
  if you want water in a restaurant , you 'd ask for still mineral water . 
  one glass is usually 0.3 l in normal restaurants . 
  if you want more , order a new one after you 're done with the first . 
  you could have put a brief version of your question right into the title . 
  i do n't think there 's a common `` european atmosphere '' . 
  bulgaria is very different than norway and spain is quite different than the uk . 
  of course there 's one if you contrast it with east asia or central africa , but i think globally speaking anything that encompasses the whole of the european atmosphere would also have to include places like the us or australia . 
  it does n't matter . 
  it 's just childish to try and feel superior for `` not being so dumb to think that you can experience all of europe at once '' or similar stuff . 
  all of us are ignorant of many things , it makes no sense to get angry about those who are more ignorant . 
  do n't try to compare your way of traveling with others . 
  if your trip is genuinely good , then there 's no need to emphasize how intelligently you planned it and were n't ignorant about it . 
  if those others believe they should just spend one day in each city , then their experience will be a certain way , which they may enjoy or not . 
  you do n't have to mock them additionally . 
  seriously , half of the recent posts in this sub are circlejerks around the topic `` what do you think about muricans who are ignorant about europe ? '' . 
  who cares ? 
  are you hungry ? 
  hahaha, 
  neither in hungary , nor in germany . 
  note for readers : this wall of text was copied [ from here ] ( http://moderndiplomacy.eu/index.php?option=com_k2&amp;view=item&amp;id=849:nationalism-and-its-effects-on-peace-in-europe&amp;itemid=569 ) . 
  do you always go straight home after eating at a restaurant ? 
  what do people do who go on to the movies or to a bar or to take a walk in town or whatever after the restaurant ? 
  they carry a bag of food around without cooling ? 
  also , taking leftovers home is seen as quite inelegant here . 
  i guess the difference is in part because restaurants in the us are really affordable to people , while here in hungary the restaurants are more upscale and the average person ca n't really afford eating out too much ( except at cheap buffets where you eat out of plastic plates while standing or sitting at some beer bench ) . 
  i can confirm that it 's a german thing ( had the same experience in germany living in a dormitory ) . 
  why specifically slovakia of all countries ? 
  i 've visited bratislava once and there 's not a lot to do there . 
  it 's a small city in a small country .
