  they are fine with saying that they took transylvania and other parts of eastern hungary from `` ungaria '' and it stayed `` ungaria '' . 
  still their interpretation is that they kinda `` completed a puzzle '' , uniting `` the 3 principalities '' . 
  they like to point out that they were already united for a few months in the 16th century , or that they always lived there etc. , so they just took it back after a long occupation by hungarians ... nations view history very differently . 
  in some countries even legends become official history . 
  so why do n't they change the wording and clarify it ? 
  common law is weird ... obsessing over the interpretation of some words on paper ... 
  i mean , just decide how you ( people + government ) want it now and make it so . 
  who cares what the they meant in 1981 ? 
  ( i mean change/clarify it for children born in the future ) . 
  yeah , wikipedia lists it as `` restricted jus soli '' . 
  the point is , the parent does n't have to be a citizen ( just `` settled '' ) . 
  not in most of europe ( even if they are there legally ) . 
  citizenship by place of birth is called `` jus soli '' ( us , uk etc. ) . 
  citizenship based on parents ' citizenship is called `` jus sanguinis '' ( most of europe ) . 
  medical tests should be done regularly for all drivers anyway . 
  i know it 's not the case today . 
   i 'm comparing it for people like you and me , young educated people . 
  what do you consider `` educated '' ? 
  only it/engineering/finance ? 
  are lawyers and teachers educated ? 
  because for example a lawyer relative of mine , working at a government office , earns about 130,000 huf after taxes and a teacher earns even less . 
  sure , if you work as an engineer/programmer/scientist in the industry , you can live well in budapest , no doubt . 
  still ca n't save as much for the future as you can in w-europe . 
  medical test and theoretical and practical driving test is all done for the driving license . 
  there is no need for any other license . 
  yeah , every time they protest , they actually advertise uber . 
  they are basically shouting out loud through the media `` uber is a lot cheaper than us ! '', 
   and that 's where it hurts if you 're on the low end relatively : rent , services and insane utilities . 
  rent hurts yeah , but most other services are optional . 
  restaurants , taxis , bars ( not the homeless alcoholic style ) , clubs , cinemas , fancy haircuts , etc are not basic stuff . 
  for example , going to a decent restaurant with a waiter is a rare event for average hungarian earner , usually for some sort of celebration . 
  about utilities , petrol prices are pretty similar . 
  gas is 26 % cheaper in belgium , but electricity is 77 % more expensive . 
  still nowhere in the range of the 366 % higher average salary ( the mimimum wage gap is similar - in hungary it 's 218 $ / month after taxes ) . 
   material goods are only cheaper if they 're imported . 
  supermarket goods often were very cheap in comparison as well : a 20huf zsemle vs a 30c pistolet , a 99huf bottle of naturaqua vs a $ 1.20 bottle of spa etc. . . you also have to compare the quality . 
  the inside of that 20 huf zsemle ( bread roll ) is basically air , it can be compressed to a ball of like 2 cm diameter . 
  other than that , the prices i saw in carrefour in brussels were pretty similar to hungarian prices . 
  also oftentimes companies bring lower quality products to hungary because of the price sensitivity . 
  they use inferior ingredients , smaller sizes etc. 
  when you buy high qualitiy stuff , it costs the same ( except for some basic meat and vegetables , which are a bit cheaper here ) . 
  the only thing that 's really expensive in we is basically rent and entertainment ( restaurants , clubs etc. 
  yes , rent and services are much more expensive in w-europe ( in absolute numbers ) . 
  because these things are earnings of the locals , when seen from the other side . 
  so when you pay high rent , it goes to another belgian who then earns a lot . 
  similarly , when you pay a lot for a taxi/haircut , you have a taxi driver or a hairdresser on the other side who gets a lot . 
  but the physical stuff that you buy is a lot cheaper for w-europeans ( cars , computers , supermarket products etc. 
   you can live in the center of budapest on that salary , you start in the local middle class . 
  in belgium , you start below the middle class , below the median income , despite your double masters degree . 
  you 're talking about a relative wealth . 
  but things like cars , laptops , smartphones , fridges , windows , sofas , carpets , food , exotic vacations , clothes ( of the same quality ) cost the same or even more in budapest compared to brussels ( we can also thank our 27 % vat ) . 
  basically the question is , is it better to live well but have a richer neighbor , or live like crap but have a poorer neighbor ? 
  depends on the person i guess . 
   also , in hungary , young people are actually paid better . 
  not so sure about that outside of a few fields ( it/electrical/mechanical engineers ) . 
   we do n't earn three times as much though after taxes . 
  no because you earn 4.66 times as much . 
  the belgian average monthly salary after taxes is 1663 $ , while in hungary it 's 356 $ ( 2014 , [ source ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=earn_nt_net&amp;lang=en ) ) . 
  granted , these are for the whole country , not just brussels and budapest , but i think the 3 times gap is still there . 
  well , the capitalist logic would say that if they do n't pay enough for cab drivers , you should stop being a cab driver and do something where they need people . 
  but of course real life has some complications , like people getting used to doing this , not having any other skill , no desire to learn something new etc. 
  and of course most companies do n't want to hire middle-aged people in their late 40s , 50s for low-skill things . 
  and it 's similar in many jobs . 
  nurses , teachers , etc. 
  get really underpaid ( too ) . 
  this is why many people go and work in england , germany , austria , sweden etc. 
  even working as a cashier or a dish washer is better paid than some jobs in hungary that require education . 
  well dirt cheap for w-europeans . 
  by the way now it 's around 0.90 $ / km . 
  what 's dirt cheap even for us is ukraine ( zakkarpatia oblast ) , i was really shocked , it 's 0.15 $ / km . 
  thinking about it a bit more , it makes sense . 
  but i doubt most of them pay taxes . 
  they should be checked more often . 
  but i do n't know how the tax authority can find them ( the illegal drivers who are n't registered as self-employed ) . 
  one way would be to check their bank accounts as they get their money from uber , but tax authority ca n't access those records without a proper reason . 
  their demands ( translated by me ) : `` we stand by our rights guaranteed by law and we demand an immediate end to the unlawful conditions !, 
  we demand immediate ban of uber and the other illegal passenger transporters . 
  we demand immediate penalties for all those `` undertakings '' and their drivers . 
  we demand immediate turning off of the uber application ( just get it done ) . 
  we demand normalization of the expectations concerning the legal taxi drivers . 
  our goal is to have mayor istv\u00e1n tarl\u00f3s understand that present situation is untenable . 
  our goal is to warn our country 's leaders that we are not sheep . 
  it 's not our job to invent or implement a solution . 
  our trade union does not protect but trample on us , the transport organizers as well . 
  we are not politicians , but taxi drivers , we are good on the streets , but there very good !, 
  those who created this whole sh * t situation ( tarl\u00f3s [ budapest mayor ] , the budapest assembly , orb\u00e1n [ hungary pm ] , bkk [ budapest transport center ] , met\u00e1l [ president of national taxi association ] , putin , obama , merkel , netanyahu . . etc. . we do n't care who ) should get on very quickly and rush to repair it ... '', 
  this is so since 2013 . 
  it was actually asked by the taxi drivers so that the competition ( between taxi companies ) ca n't keep the prices down . 
  * and * at the same time they wanted artificial hard limits on the number of licensed drivers . 
  this seems a bit contradictory . 
  on the one hand they say they ca n't live off their current wages , but somehow so many new licensed taxi drivers want to start that it becomes a dangerous competition ... and all this was before uber . 
  most taxi drivers are stuck in the communist times , where you had one job for your whole life . 
  but it 's true that they do n't really have good job prospects . 
  many of them are not really educated . 
  by the way , in 1990 there were 20,000 taxi drivers in budapest , now there are around 6000 . 
  maybe this is still too many . 
  how about uber 's employee 's worker rights ? 
  do uber drivers get paid vacations ? 
  do they get health insurance ? 
  will they get pension ?
