  hungary doe not want to `` excell '' at treating refugees - and they pretty much do their best to seem `` overwhelmed '' you see this is exactly that kind of criticism . 
  `` agenda '' , `` does n't want to excel '' etc. 
  concrete suggestions to the question in my last comment 's last paragraph , please . 
  this is pure propaganda . 
  play on people 's emotions , stir up antagonism against hungary , where there is no factual basis for it . 
  you can criticize orb\u00e1n for his internet tax or whatever but scapegoating him and saying hungary is not overwhelmed when daily 2000 new refugees enter the country , but bavaria is complaining after only a few thousand people being let throough on trains from hungary . 
  there have been 170,000 people entering hungary just in this year . 
  in a country with 12 % of the population and 4 % of the gdp of germany . 
  sure no overwhelming , it 's a totally normal day-to-day thing . 
  what austria and germany are doing with scapegoating hungary is outrageous . 
  i would never have thought this could be possible in such developed nations . 
  manipulations , distortions , outright lies . 
  i 'm no fan of the orb\u00e1n government , they did internal things that were bad ( although not nearly as media has suggested , like ending democracy and creating a dictatorship - ridiculous ) . 
  watching the german ( and recently the austrian ) media and newspapers the picture that they try to paint is that hungary is inhumane and brutal with these people who are now unsafe in hungary and need to be `` rescued '' heroically by germany . 
  fact is , there was n't a single case of police brutality against refugees . 
  the closest i can recall , was one time a few days ago when police had to use tear gas one time in r\u00f6szke , where tens of thousands of mostly young men are entering the border every week . 
  maybe * some * confrontation is to be expected in such cases . 
  fact is , demanding full refugee-camp-level supplies in the city center in front of the train station is unrealistic . 
  there was no lack of food and supplies in the refugee camps , but they did not want to go in there . 
  why ? 
  well , why did n't they want to go to austrian camps ? 
  same reason : they are on their way to germany since day one . 
  they are migrating over hungary and are stranded due to eu regulations . 
  not because hungary want to block their way for fun . 
  hungary needs to register them , but they refuse . 
  they stay on the train and wo n't get off to go to the registration camps . 
  they will protest in front of the train station , and complain that they do n't get full refugee-camp-level supplies . 
  but actually budapest built so called transit zones , where they have access to water , mobile toilets , showers etc. 
  there is a new temporary `` camp '' being built a few hundred meters away from the station . 
  a new real refugee camp also under construction near the southern border . 
  if the police tries to make them register ( always with words , no violence ! ), 
  they are bad and forcing their power on them . 
  in these cases police showed extreme patience . 
  they waited hours and hours for them to get off the train to go to the camp , but they rather entered hunger strike and threw and kicked the water bottles onto the train tracks . 
  then they marched on by foot towards austria . 
  if police disperses this crowd , they are brutal . 
  if they do n't and let them march as they did , then they are brutal for letting it happen . 
  then when they clearly wo n't stop and are n't just doing it to protest , but really are willing to walk all the way , government sends 100 buses for them to bring them to the border crossing with austria , since they knew the refugees wo n't ever enter a bus heading to the camps , as they always chanted `` no camp , no camp '' . 
  but the motorway ca n't be closed for 10 days to wait until 1500 people walk all the way , 240 km ... 
  but now hungary is somehow at fault for letting them go to the border and are irresponsibly passing on the problem to austria . 
  the austrian chancellor said orb\u00e1n lied about only `` sending '' 4000 people and in reality 15000 came through . 
  well , that is entirely up to austria how long they keep the borders open to them and how many people they let in their sovereign country . 
  if they please , they can close the border after 4000 . 
  by the way 4000 was the number of people making traffic on the motorway unsafe and making regular train traffic hard in the keleti station in budapest . 
  these people were transported by government buses in a one-off action by hungary . 
  what happened afterwards was that austria did not only receive these people but they kept the border open for days . 
  now the people above the 4000 were simply ones who came out of the camps and sat on internal hungarian trains to go the the austrian border as well . 
  these are open camps . 
  police can not forbid them to travel around hungary . 
  if they please , they can go by train where they want to . 
  that austria let 15,000 through was purely their decision . 
  and by the way , austria takes no refugees , they let 99.9 % of them simply pass . 
  germany lets austria pass them on , but hungary is blamed for days and weeks for anything they do . 
  if they enforce the rules , they are n't flexible enough ; if they do n't they are cynical and want to get rid of the refugees . 
  it 's very easy to help refugees when they are already at their destination . 
  austria even said it : they did n't want to make them register in austria to avoid them getting defensive and panicking that they wo n't get to merkelland . 
  before they are at their destination , they are not cooperative , they are resisting ( mostly passively ) and trying to force the authorities to let them move on to germany . 
  it 's not about escaping hungary 's bad conditions , only if it 's also escaping austria 's bad conditions when passing through . 
  then a convoy of austrian citizens starts to rescue families out of brutal hungary . 
  actually this is against trafficking laws . 
  but hungary did not stop them . 
  they did interrogate a couple of activists but they were let out later on after consulting austrian diplomats . 
  there were even news about austrian cars in the convoy returning home empty and disappointed after discovering that around 8 out of 10 refugees are single men , and the media has lied about thousands and thousands of families in need of rescue in the middle of europe ... germany has no plan of dealing with the situation . 
  refugee homes are being attacked and burned in germany by the hundreds , over 340 cases . 
  but you know , hungarians are the assholes , where no attack happened . 
  orb\u00e1n is the demon , when slovak pm fico refuses accepting muslims into slovakia , greece - where migrants enter the eu - ignores its obligations for registration , but then hungary is blamed instead . 
  cameron likens the influx to swarms . 
  sarkozy likens it to a broken sewer pipe where the sewer contents are spilling out in a house and they debate how much of it to distribute into the living room , the kitchen and children 's bedroom , instead of getting rid of the sewer stuff from the house altoghether . 
  orb\u00e1n never likened them to any such thing . 
  he only said that most of them are economic migrants , since they leave safe turkey , the eu member greece , and serbia where there 's no war either . 
  he said the refugee processes will be finished and if someone really is a war refugee they will get asylum , based on a one-by-one individual level . 
  hungary builds a fence it 's akin to the iron curtain , but if spain , bulgaria or the uk construct similar things , that 's perfectly fine . 
  the uk can wall itself off at calais , that 's ok . 
  but if hungary tries to channel the refugees to the official border crossing checkpoint where they can start their official procedures , that 's inhumane . 
  hungary is supposed to just let anyone rush in anywhere over the 175 km long border to serbia . 
  but if they did that , europe would be outraged about ignoring the schengen treaty about protecting the outside borders . 
  media does n't recognize that these people are trying to evade hungarian authorities so they can move on quietly towards germany without being registered and fingerprinted in hungary , because that could mean they wo n't be able to stay in germany , potentially . 
  and even some of the rapid decision changes in the way the refugees are handled ( board trains - do n't board trains - now again yes , albeit only domestic ones ) were due to germany 's policies . 
  they announced to accept all syrians and not send them back to their point of entry into the eu . 
  this made all refugees crowd up at the main train station and chant `` germany , germany '' , `` merkel , merkel '' , holding print photos of merkel . 
  but no german diplomat went there - they refused - to explain that it should n't be understood that way and germany says : `` go to the camps and please comply to hungarian authorities , germany does n't accept your trains '' . 
  no they did n't inform refugees about the german standpoint , so the migrants started to blame hungary for not letting them in the arms of mommy merkel . 
  were there misunderstandings , confusion , shortage of interpreters ( the latter is much better now ) ? 
  sure , there were . 
  when not even authorities can be sure what the eu standpoint will be , they are meticulously trying to keep lawful regulations such as schengen and dublin , but everything they do is distorted to make them look like the bad guys , it 's hard to craft the best moment-to-moment practical policies . 
  authorities did n't know refugees would be so uncooperative , they had to first realize this after the first few tries . 
  i would really want germany/austria to come forward and tell hungarian authorities what is expected by them , on a practical policy level . 
  not on a `` be nicer to them , you bastard '' or `` show solidarity with europe '' but whether they support letting them on trains or not . 
  stopping demonstrations or not . 
  transporting them to camps or not . 
  letting them rush in uncontrolled from the south or register them accurately . 
  so many questions , but no answers , just accusations and criticism ... 
  maybe the tourism and marketing aspects are relevant . 
  other than that it 's petty medieval thinking , like `` my ancestors were here x hundred years ago , while your ancestors only y hundred years ago , so stfu & gtfo . '', 
  but we should n't be too swift to judge . 
  every nation needs its own `` origin myth '' , a safe and solid foundation in history that can make them feel relevant and legitimate . 
  when a history is not glorious enough then it gets politically boosted a bit by distorting things . 
  the goal is to create an identity that is shared in the country , but contrasts against other countries . 
  `` macedonia '' is a really powerful name due to the associations with alexander the great , one of the most `` glorious '' and well-known figures in history . 
  when slovakia builds svatopluk statues and refers to him as a `` slovak king '' or romania is digging around in 9th century historical data to argue that they first settled transylvania before the hungarians , it 's a very similar thing .
