  currently it 's an unspoken , wild limit of being able to pay the 10-20 thousand euros for the smugglers and risking the trip , instead of a real filter based on needs . 
  it 's like europe does n't want to look at how these people suddenly pop up in europe , just as some people do n't enjoy looking at how sausage is made . 
  it 's easier to look away . 
  i 'm not saying that europe should take everyone without limit . 
  it 's clearly impractical . 
  but we need to define who we want to accept and who not . 
  and then help those people specifically by making their journey easier . 
  if germany welcomes all syrians , then either send planes and buses there or shut up and do n't be a hypocrite . 
  elaborate on your argument , i do n't get what you want to say . 
  we are independent since 1989 ( and were also independent between the world wars ) . 
  we entered the eu by a referendum . 
  the law needs to adapt . 
  yep . 
  weird consequence of the freedoms that we actually like and cherish . 
  i wonder what an islamic country would do if people suddenly started parallel , made up legal systems there and did n't respect the authority of the state . 
  how the hell does n't a sovereign state crush down any clowns pretending to be pseudo-judges in pseudo-courts ? 
  why does n't the police raid them right now and why are n't these guys who are running a `` parallel legal system '' in prison already ? 
  exactly . 
  when people talk about cultures and diversity they often imagine special clothes , food , dances , music , rituals and languages . 
  but those are just the surface of any culture . 
  the deep , core part of a culture is their outlook on life and how they imagine living together as a society . 
  this is precisely what makes radically different cultures impossible to have at the same place in parallel . 
  i meant that i think this event is overhyped , oversensationalized by the catastrophy-hungry media . 
  it 's on the front page , it 's the central picture above the fold in most newspapers , and it 's the top news on this sub . 
  that 's the hypocrisy . 
  people suddenly start acting as if they cared , when it 's just for the chills , and the special circumstances . 
  they do n't feel so sad about these people , nobody but a naive child could . 
  there 's nothing strange about this event . 
  thousands upon thousands of people are coming in * daily * , smuggled on land , crossing the mediterranean in shitty boats , what do people expect ?? 
  accidents and carelessness such as this will happen . 
  boats will sink , etc. 
  what else would happen ?? 
  who cares about this single event , it 's just an unfortunate consequence of the big picture ; look at what is going on !, 
  not ethnically , but culturally totally . 
  we swapped words , use the same sayings word-for-word , have a totally interconnected history , the german language was very well known in hungary , etc. 
  ethnicity does n't matter . 
  cultural compatibility matters . 
  the fight for independence and the crush was in 1848-49 . 
  a general passive resistance followed from the hungarian side and after 20 years , austria and hungary peacefully negotiated the terms of the compromise , thus creating austria-hungary . 
  this is a terrible tragedy . 
  at the same time , i think it is such a disgusting hypocrisy how people sensationalize it . 
  simply because geographically it happened in europe . 
  if all these 71 people stayed at home and died in syria we 'd not even bat an eye , it would be just a footnote in the usual war news from the middle east . 
  according to [ this article ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/17/middleeast/syria-civil-war-by-the-numbers/ ) 148000 people died in just last year , that means 400 people * per day * . 
  and now as some of them are on their way of escaping and die , it 's suddenly on all newspaper covers , it 's top news everywhere . 
  sure , human death is terrible , but we just single out these very salient , sensationalizable fragments of all of human suffering and then do as if the death of 71 syrians were such an unusual and out-of-ordinary event . 
  handling such small events this way signals to people that when we do n't have such extremely hyped breaking news , things are fine . 
  it 's as if people stopped being human if they are outside of europe 's borders . 
  as soon as they enter illegally , they are suddenly discovered as human beings and the hospitality instinct kicks in . 
  what about all the people who are still there and die every day ? 
  why do n't we send buses and planes and trains to the border of syria and bring them all straight to germany , skipping the risky trip ? 
  either europe is concerned for human life and about the horrors of war and then * acts * like that , or just quit bullshitting and admit that you do n't care and just like to dunk some bread in blood , and enjoy the adrenaline kick of seeing and hearing about catastrophies . 
  a minority of the commenters honestly said that it lost its ` charm ' with this , so without / s there 's no way to know . 
  i disagree . 
  we want to move on and shake off the communist , dirty , greyish-brownish depressive vibe . 
  this building was restored to it 's original , intended state it 's not disneylandified . 
  the iron curtain is no more , and i do n't think we should deliberately keep the dirt and the attitude of `` i do n't care , let 's leave it so , not my responsibility '' just because it will give western european tourists a sort of mysterious , dark , `` eastern bloc '' fake romantics or pseudo-nostalgia . 
  so basically , what you associate with `` eastern europe '' and run-down dirt-charm is what we are trying to get rid of . 
  if you associate to paris then it 's good because paris was an important inspiration for the design of the city structure and architecture . 
  yes there is a certain charm to ruins , like the colosseum or medieval castles , but a layer of black dirt on majestic buildings in the city center is not charming to me at all and i find it condescending that people think it 's part of the budapest atmosphere . 
  still , compare the color to the church on the left of the picture . 
  it 's not `` looking old '' , it 's soot and dirt from the exhaust of buses and cars . 
  i do n't want dirt to be my city 's charm . 
  it 's like saying to brazilians that you really like their cute favelas , it would be a shame to modernize the living conditions of those people , as it would take away the local charm . 
  if we assume that the general public can not see such a difference , they will simply treat refugee as a synonym and will create expressions like `` economic refugee '' etc. 
  it 's already beginning . 
  word magic never solves anything , it 's just ivory tower , armchair pseudo-activism for `` high intellectuals '' who do n't want to talk about the actual core issues but still want to seem very humanitarian . 
  ah yes , because changing how you call things will solve the problem ... 
  yep , lost some disgusting dirt . 
  it 's like saying to an obese man who became lean and muscular that you preferred him fat . 
   restricted from killing an american americans really have this ` chosen nation ' type of thinking . 
  as if being an american stood before being a human . 
  and it 's not just this sentence , a lot of speeches and even shouts on the street sound like this . 
  it 's really surprising . 
  since my childhood i just assumed this is how they 're supposed to look , i never really questioned or even thought about the color . 
  and then suddenly random buildings start to look like beautiful palaces . 
  it 's disgusting and depressing . 
  it hides the true glory of those buildings . 
  washing them helps people to notice more beauty around them , and have a bit more confidence about the place . 
  there 's a lot of progress , slowly , one by one . 
  if you were there 15 years ago and compare it to now , there 's a lot of improvement . 
  i 'm definitely for rethinking this whole thing altogether . 
  the current system of having people go through a harsh and risky trip with expensive human traffickers , camping at train stations by the thousands and disturbing elderly villagers is not sustainable . 
  if germany says they welcome all syrians , they should assist them on their trip too , otherwise it 's just encouraging them to undertake unnecessary risks . 
  for example , make an agreement with turkey to create a temporary camp near the syrian border from where germans would transport them straight and directly to germany by special planes trains or buses . 
  nice but it 's not like the vatican has any power over how italians name squares in their own capital . 
  it 's not ` no matter what the cost ' . 
  they are n't shooting at them or anything . 
  it 's just a fence , so police can pick them up easier and tell them where to go , where 's the road , tell them about the procedure etc. 
  the fence is already meters within hungary , so they do n't need to cross it to be in hungary . 
  think of it as a fence to protect locals . 
  it signals : this is not a place to move further into hungary . 
  the problem is that probably many migrants do n't want to be processed in hungary , they want to move on towards austria unnoticed . 
  i personally would n't have any problem with this , but now their numbers are so high that you ca n't just let 2000 people * per day * roam through a country without any control . 
  i think hungary is doing what it legally has to , processing migrants , as opposed to giving them special buses to move on towards the west , like balkan states do . 
  i 'm not sure what people - for example you - expect hungarian authorities to do . 
  just let tens of thousands of unknown people roam free on the land ? 
  following your marijuana analogy : would you like to abolish passports , visa and border checks altogether ? 
  are you some kind of global anarchist ? 
  people living in the areas near the border feel unsafe because thousands upon thousands of unknown people with no documents cross the border illegally there .
