  writing about the topic without mentioning this event is impossible . 
   no one is asking you to , it 's just that you should n't be dismissing things on that list as somehow being crazy drama queen stuff , when it is in fact serious sexual harassment . 
  it seems like you are looking for confrontation . 
  i said the exact same thing , that they are not just drama queens and tried to point the attention of fellow `` non-harassers '' that girls often experience a lot of unwanted ( and pretty pathetic ) messages and guys that they ca n't shake off . 
  in my original comment i said `` it speaks for itself '' because i interpreted the english word harassment wrongly as a primarily physical thing . 
  this does n't mean harassment is `` not serious '' , but again , a one-off joke months ago does get you in that category . 
  it just depends on how easily offended you are and what you think you 're supposed the say . 
  this is so with every survey-based study . 
  now i have no idea what is the true level , whether it 's 10 % , 30 % or 50 % , but surely western european women are more aware of women 's issues being `` a cause '' , so maybe they overreport it as a form of solidarity and activism ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it just seems weird that for example hungarian women would be afraid to report it in an eu survey ... 
  but as you also said , this study seems problematic , so we ca n't conclude much about it . 
   you really think this is appropriate behavior in workplace ? 
  but i ca n't see the word `` workplace '' anywhere in the image , nor in the title . 
  if we are talking about the workplace , then the line of what 's acceptable should be obviously stricter than in a bar for example . 
   yeah , you think about yourself doing these things , and think `` oh , hey , it 's not a big deal ! '' . 
  but have you thought what it 's like to be on the receiving end of constant unwanted advances in workplace ? 
  again , i 'd be very careful about such things in a workplace . 
   presumably thought that only crazy rad fems complain about sexual harassment no , actually before i started reading reddit it just did n't even think much about it . 
  i mean it 's something i would n't do . 
  my problem is rather that i wait too long and do n't notice that i 'm getting a `` green light '' from a girl , so i assumed most people are like this . 
  and on reddit you can mostly read about the extreme opinions ( radical feminists , redpillers etc. ) . 
  so some people associate `` sexual harassment '' with this fussy drama queen stuff , which * does * exist , but it 's probably largely exaggerated on the internet . 
   you make a post that implies that sexual harassment is n't a serious issue . 
  why ? 
  it can definitely be serious . 
  but it 's nonsense that it 's more prevalent in denmark than in romania . 
  the difference is probably that in western europe women are more aware of this whole gender issue and consider different things `` normal '' . 
  now since i do n't have video footage of each of these cases so i ca n't say `` who 's right '' , whether romania underreports it or denmark overreports . 
  this is too subjective and even political . 
  for example if someone told you a dirty joke 10 months ago then you 're already in the more serious category of a sexual harassment victim . 
  this seems excessive . 
  but serious sexual harassment definitely exists . 
  but just because i 'm a man , i will not penance for that , just because there are rude assholes . 
  depends on what we mean by `` unwelcome '' , `` feel offended '' , `` inappropriate '' , `` intrusive '' etc. 
  it 's a very subjective thing . 
  yeah , marriage is different . 
  what i meant was attraction . 
  marrying someone is a more rational decision , involving finances , stable future etc. 
  many marriages are n't based on romance , but `` we are fine with each other and we are too old for real attraction anyway '' , `` working on kinda loving each other '' etc. 
  for this you need to `` prove '' certain things , sure . 
  but the base level , instinctive attraction does n't work like that . 
  being too persistent often rather turns off , annoys and even scares girls . 
  but it 's definitely hard to generalize across generations , cultures and life situations . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's specifically or even mostly about negative comments . 
  it could include `` nice ass '' , `` those tits are great '' ( while gawking at her tits ) , etc. 
  i 'd call that sexual harassment in a work environment . 
  harassment ( hu : zaklat\u00e1s ) is not the same as assault ( er\u0151szak ) . 
  yeah , it 's a bit tiring to discuss this because everyone has different things in mind ...  just look at all the novels and romance cinema that a lot of women are in love with , and you will see that the underlying theme of this spectacle oftentimes is a guy conquering woman or throwing his life away for `` her '' . 
  this whole affair is more emotionally appealing to women than it actually attractive to men , in art and in real life . 
  romance cinema is very far from reality . 
  i know ( because i remember ) that teenage boys ( and those who stay on that level ) think it 's so much easier for girls , they can have sex anytime , they just have to pick the best guy and have no problems etc. . . 
  but with a little empathy you could see how it 's not so great at all . 
  there are different kinds of persistence and `` conquering '' . 
  if she 's not initially attracted to you or is rather repulsed , then further advances will be seen as pushy , creepy and annoying . 
  just imagine some religious fundamentalist guys jumping in front of you , up into your face and trying to convince you that you definitely should convert and if you say no they try to convince you even harder ... 
  but you ca n't get too upset because they might beat you up . 
  and many people do get really agressive when rejected . 
  yeah , normal people think it 's absurd , but in fact there are such people . 
  also , `` winning '' or `` conquering '' a girl is not really about explicit stuff that you do , like compliments , gifts , focused attention , kind messages or the like ... 
  attraction is a lot more based on your general traits that are hard to control . 
  your general attitude , the subtle ways how you present yourself , your confidence , how much the people around you seem to respect you etc. 
  these things are a lot harder to change and desperately pushing and pushing and pushing will just get you reported to the police , it 's not the way to a woman 's heart for sure . 
  in fact , it 's usually more attractive if you do n't depend too much on any single woman and you signal that your life will be totally fine , with her or without her as well , because you 're the kind of guy who is confident enough that he 'll find and make and use his opportunities ... obsessing and getting sick over one glorified woman is never good , whatever the fairly tales may say . 
  willingness to complain about * this * . 
  i 'm pretty sure eastern europeans are willing to complain , but this just is n't a usual discussion topic . 
  you can interpret this as `` oppressed eastern european women who internalized patriarchy '' or `` over-progressive feminist western european women , who have no real problems so they look for something to complain about '' , depending on your stance of this whole topic . 
  okay , that makes sense . 
  now , as always on the internet , it 's hard to express nuance , but i 'll try . 
  i think when we ( i 'm a man ) read these sentences , we like to imagine doing these things ourselves ( flirting , inviting , making jokes , touching etc. ) . 
  at least here on / r/europe , most people are educated , they enjoy reading and discussing news in english ( a foreign language for most ) . 
  so we are often oblivious to the realities of women 's harassment by the `` average man '' and what it actually looks like . 
  it 's not always about being some feminist drama queen . 
  i was n't aware of it until i asked a really normal , down-to-earth female relative of mine , who is definitely not some rad fem crazy girl . 
  she showed me some facebook messages and comments and told me stories of guys misunderstanding friendliness for romantic interest , and then show up at work , try to `` conquer her '' by being persistent , even after she tells them she has a boyfriend ( `` why is he better than me ? 
  '' , `` ah , he does n't matter '' etc. ) ... 
  she 's definitely not a `` tease '' , she 's a withdrawn , somewhat awkward but quite attractive girl in her 20s . 
  sometimes even married 50-year-olds from the company show interest in her , i mean nothing physical , just bringing gifts and calling on the phone to discuss how their day was etc. 
  she 's not really upset about this , but i find it weird . 
  also , some guys can be really explicit and rude , not like you - dear reader - would do it , but really oblivious to normal ways of interaction . 
  now , i do n't think what most of these guys do should be seen as some criminal offense , but understandably some girls are uncomfortable and fed up with this . 
  i also think that discomfort and annoyances are part of life , but at the same time it 's important to learn about the experience of others and what things constantly happen in other people 's lives . 
  also , if educated , normal guys with approach anxiety knew how girls/women usually get approached , they 'd be a lot less anxious , because for any given girl , most of the approaches are really shitty , explicit , rude and impatient . 
  at least as far as i know from girls that i know and trust to be level-headed . 
  so the 6 most serious items were : * unwelcome touching , hugging or kissing * sexually suggestive comments or jokes that made you feel offended * somebody sending or showing you sexually explicit pictures , photos or gifts that made you feel offended * somebody indecently exposing themselves to you * somebody made you watch or look at pornographic material against your wishes * unwanted sexually explicit emails or sms messages that offended you the other 5 items were : * inappropriate invitations to go out on dates * intrusive questions about your private life that made you feel offended * intrusive comments about your physical appearance that made you feel offended * inappropriate staring or leering that made you feel intimidated * inappropriate advances that offended you on social networking websites such as facebook , or in internet chat rooms i think this speaks for itself . 
  one could make an interesting map about which anthem references which other countries/nations/cities . 
  okay , let 's start anew again . 
  you reacted to my phrase `` racist-sexist '' . 
  racism and sexism are topics that pc people are policing a lot . 
  people who are critical of pc , say that this policing is overdone . 
  i agree . 
  but many actual racists and actual sexists are beginning to use this `` i 'm just against pc '' defense , and believe that people like john cleese support their extreme positions ( i 'm not talking about * you * , but others with really extreme opinions ) . 
  this is all i claim . 
  now you took that and ran with it and you 're starting to argue against me as if i was pc . 
  this is * precisely * what i 'm talking about . 
  it 's extremely difficult to take nuanced positions in such discussions , especially on reddit . 
  you 'll either be put in one category or the other . 
  people do n't have time to think about one particular person and what he/she may actually think , it 's just `` is he side a or side b ? '' . 
  there 's no middle ground anymore . 
  i would n't ban research into this topic though .
