  otherwise western european countries would be happy to keep as many of them in their countries as possible , to strengthen their economies . 
  so let 's not mix different topics . 
  any developed country i know of ( australia , usa , whatever ) has strict rules for legal immigration . 
  they are very selective and only take those that will benefit their countries with their skills . 
   besides did n't the magyars come from central asia 1500 years ago ? 
  the ( linguistic ) ancestors of hungarians came from around the ural mountain range ( border of europe ) . 
  that 's where the name of the language family ( uralic ) comes from . 
  at the time when hungarian split from other ugric languages ( a branch of uralic , around 1100 bc ) , they already left the eastern side of the mountains . 
  so hungarians have been in geographical europe for a very long time . 
  is there any statistic about the kind of work that lower-paid eastern eu nationals do in the uk ? 
  i guess many hungarians are in restaurant/accommodation business , in shops as cashier/cleaner , caring for people in hospitals or similar , perhaps construction or utilities ( like electricity , plumbing , tiling etc. ) . 
  i do n't really see how you can do without these things . 
  i do n't think they stand at an assembly line in a factory , because such jobs are already outsourced from the uk mostly . 
  so these are mostly jobs that need to be done anyway . 
   most e. europeans are on quite low wages . 
  that 's their market advantage . 
  a uk national would ask for a lot higher wage ( because he has better alternatives due to better connections , being a native speaker etc. ) . 
  it looks like v4 people are a net benefit when calculating tax and benefits . 
  but actually , it 's not just about tax and benefits . 
  you also have to take into account that other people would have to do the same job for a higher wage , which would increase costs . 
  the state media was already heavily pro- ( previous ) - government under the previous governments as well ( remember `` nap-kelte '' every morning ? ), 
  basically the commercial channels were also heavily pro-left ( e.g. 
  heti hetes on rtl klub ) , now the commercial tv2 has a new owner and i hear they are becoming more pro-govt ( i do n't watch it ) . 
  basically for many years after 1990 there was almost no right-wing media ( except the daily paper magyar nemzet and some weeklies ) . 
  orb\u00e1n learned the lesson at the lost 2002 election that the right-wing also needs media ( radios , tv channels etc. ) . 
  this led to the first right-wing tv ( h\u00edrtv ) , the first right-wing radio ( l\u00e1nch\u00edd r\u00e1di\u00f3 ) , some more daily papers ( g\u00e1bor sz\u00e9les right-wing huf-billionaire bought previously left-wing magyar h\u00edrlap , and echo tv ) etc. 
  the left-wing media of course did n't like the change in the market . 
  but still , many of those leftist outlets are still there . 
  the biggest hungarian online portal ( index.hu ) is leftist and very government critical as well . 
  but surely this was different some decades ago , because older people often strike up conversations around here . 
  it 's probably because nowadays we do n't really ( want to ) know most of the people we meet on an average day . 
  and yeah , americans tend to be more open to new acquaintances ( they might say friends ) and then cut those off also on a whim if they move . 
  it 's more dynamic than around here , where friendships usually last long . 
  just as a point to illustrate the different `` friend '' concept : the hungarian version of facebook uses `` ismer\u0151s '' ( acquaintance ) instead of `` bar\u00e1t '' ( friend ) in place of the english `` friend '' . 
  for the english `` acquaintances '' ( a somewhat recent feature , basically a group for more distant friends ) is called in hungarian `` t\u00e1volabbi ismer\u0151s\u00f6k '' ( more distant acquaintances ) . 
  i do n't know about france , but in hungary we really would n't bring up such questions , unless we 've known each other for quite some time and actually want to get to know their life history , like where their parents came from , how they lived in their childhood etc. 
  it 's not a suitable question for chit-chat , at least to me . 
  i read into it and followed it throughout the last years . 
  there is basically nothing concrete . 
  they do n't like the fact that it 's a right-wing , `` nationalist '' govt . 
  as opposed to the previous cosmopolitan/liberal-socialist left . 
  the left has much better foreign connections . 
  most journalists who make the press freedom ranking get their information from the left . 
  another thing is the business side . 
  orb\u00e1n pays ( governmental contracts , corruption ) to his own hungarian oligarch-friends while the previous socialists paid more to multinationals . 
  orb\u00e1n taxed banks and telecom companies that are mostly foreign-owned . 
  sorry , but in my experience germans are incredibly naive and think that politics is about ideals and that they get a balanced picture from their media ... 
  yes , we respect them . 
  taking out some organs to save perhaps several lives before burning the body to ashes or putting it in the ground to rot - it 's not disrespectful . 
  and if you think it is , you can opt out . 
  it 's not considered disrespectful by default . 
  the problem is that there is very little concrete in all this . 
  you also do n't know what laws were passed or how exactly press freedom was reduced . 
  it 's all vague and it just gets repeated again and again in the abstract that democracy and freedom are somehow reduced in hungary . 
  not saying orb\u00e1n is `` perfect '' . 
  a substantial criticism against him is about his nepotism , corruption and his country-wide economic network of friendly oligarchs . 
  this aspect is not much worse than the previous socialist government ( although it 's perhaps somewhat worse , depending on how you look at it - but at least the economy performs better - although this is also due to the end/reduction of the economic crisis ) . 
  but all this democracy talk is empty words . 
  there 's no issue with the government 's legitimacy , they were elected and re-elected to a 2/3 majority in parliament , still lead the popularity list at mid-term by a large margin ( next party has less than half as many voters ) . 
  there 's also no real press freedom issue , there are plenty of newspapers and radio stations and tv stations that criticize the government , but to see that people would have to understand hungarian . 
  since they do n't , everyone just goes by hearsay . 
  and as i said , the left has historically better connections to the western european and generally the foreign press . 
  the press is free in hungary . 
  i know it because i read magazines and online portals and watch tv . 
  there is a lot of free criticism of the government . 
  the state tv pushes government propaganda for sure , but it 's not much different from elsewhere . 
  what exactly do you mean with limiting the power of the judiciary , like what powers did the government take that 's unheard of in the eu ? 
  what kind of undemocratic reform are you talking about ? 
  what the media is telling you is simply vague stuff without anything concrete . 
  even most of those journalists do n't know what 's up in hungary due to the language barrier . 
  and the opposition is better connected to the mostly left-aligned foreign journalists , so everything is presented from their point of view . 
   erosion of rule of law , press freedom and functioning of the democracy you 're reading too much german media ... 
   relative poverty but this article and especially the title always uses just `` poverty '' . 
  it does n't say `` relative '' . 
  many people here like me feel that this is clickbait and a trick . 
  the title is extraordinary !, 
  2 million poor children in germany !, 
  thumbnail is a child with an empty plate !, 
  oh , let 's read this !, 
  and then it turns out they talk about poor children who live in better-off families than the average central/eastern europeans . 
  it influences the price of services , but not of products . 
  for example buying `` things '' ( as opposed to services and rent ) in germany costs essentially the same as in hungary . 
  and the relatively poorer people usually buy less services as they are the least needed in life ( like restaurants , hotels etc. 
  nah , relative poverty is n't relative to the price level . 
  * that * would actually be an interesting statistic , but `` relative poverty '' is compared to the other people , not compared to the prices . 
  i read that . 
  and that 's why many people were disappointed when they read that the article is not about what it looked like after reading this title and seeing the thumbnail . 
  i , for one , hate clickbait and dishonest titling . 
  yeah , i imagined there would be such a difference . 
  your version sounds like exactly what we have here in hungary . 
  as you said it : `` relative poverty '' . 
  i 'd have no problem if the title and the article used the phrase `` relative poverty '' and if they did n't use a picture of a child with an empty plate . 
  this is simply clickbait . 
  otherwise the article becomes a non-story . 
  the story and the title only works ( generates clicks ) because it seems like there is large and growing child poverty in germany . 
  there is n't , thanks to the welfare that basically eliminates it . 
  yeah it 's probably different in smaller cities/towns . 
  i grew up in budapest ( 1.8 million people ) and did n't live nearby . 
  i get it that inequality measures are important . 
  they are .
