  it seems immoral to place more value on humans here than humans there . 
  it seems that every human deserves the same chances , and just because you 're born in a shitty place you should be able to live the same way as a more fortunate person . 
  but this is very hard to follow in practice . 
  i understand this , but people usually say that we should send back the immigrants that are not real refugees , who just want better paid jobs and a better life , implying that we obviously must take the refugees from war-torn countries . 
  even in the case of war torn countries i just do n't understand . 
  if it 's really inhuman , unbearable war-torn conditions there , then we should accept the whole population of those countries then , right ? 
  why just take a few thousand ? 
  are only a few thousand in danger ? 
  we could take up whole cities from syria for example . 
  i just do n't understand how taking a few legitimate refugees is supposed to solve anything . 
  yes i get that they are escaping from extreme conditions , but then again if the conditions are really like that then why do n't we send helicopters and planes there to bring the population over here ? 
  this way only the strong ( legit ) refugees can reach europe , that way we could bring everyone . 
  sorry , i just got frustrated over the expression that cinema and restaurants are universally taken for granted for all readers . 
  i agree in general . 
  all stats will have shortcomings and this is just another description of the income distribution that can be informative ( it 's basically a measure of inequality ) . 
  if all your friends can afford things but you ca n't , then you 'll be excluded . 
  if nobody can afford it then you 'll do something else together that 's free or almost free . 
  you do n't need to be under 60 % of median to not be able to afford restaurants and caf\u00e9s . 
  i 'm pretty sure average people in east central europe ca n't afford that stuff spontaneously . 
  i mean an actual restaurant , not some cheap buffet . 
  you do n't have to be socially excluded just because you ca n't go to the cinema or shop like crazy in the mall . 
  you can still do free or very cheap stuff with your friends . 
  cinemas and restaurants are luxuries . 
  you can still have a normal life without those . 
  i mean it you can have food , heating , internet etc. 
  but you know it would be racist and intolerant if you did n't respect the culture of other countries and it would be colonialism to force your will on a sovereign country in africa/middle east ... / s, 
  rather , teenagers are night owls , their natural sleep time is way after midnight . 
  i can recommend the book [ internal time ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13598053-internal-time ) on this topic . 
  the author calls this `` social jetlag '' , basicaly teens are constantly forced to live in a different time zone . 
  he hypothesizes that this thing evolved because teens used to be hunters and guards who were active after sunset . 
  taxes, 
  the balkans are a stereotypically corrupt , underdeveloped , poor place . 
  those outside of the balkans do n't want to be associated with it usually . 
  and `` eastern europe '' also has a sort of balkan-like sound to it . 
  i know it 's probably offensive to people who live in the balkans , but this is the truth . 
   it 's delicious , usually eaten with baked potatoes or fries and tatar sauce . 
  they crumb all kind of stuff here , including cauliflowers , broccoli and cheese . 
  we do the same . 
  it 's often offered as an alternative to crumbed/breaded meat ( basically schnitzel ) for vegetarians . 
  we eat vegetables , chicken drumsticks , chicken wings , fish , etc. 
  like this . 
  that 's not the real one . 
  in your video they cut in some fart noises that were n't there originally . 
  in the original one he listed different `` types of wind '' and after each time he paused and a fart sound was played in . 
  but i ca n't find that video , it 's been taken down from youtube by the tv company . 
  what pre-20th century examples are there for right and wrong side of history ? 
  the only example where the overwhelming narrative is like this is wwii , where the axis ( germany , japan , hungary etc ) were the wrong side ( evil as comic book villains ) while the allies were the right side of saints and saviors . 
  does this obama phrase mean anything beyond `` now germans are not on the bad side like when they were nazis ! '', 
  can you summarize in a few sentences how they got these numbers ? 
  is it just written by hand , subjectively ? 
  or did they use surveys ? 
  some other statistical measures ? 
  without this context these numbers mean nothing and i call bullshit on the whole thing . 
  about 15,000 people were allocated in the last 120,000 plan for the v4 countries . 
  so what happened with the other 105,000 ? 
  not even a fraction of them were relocated . 
  in hungary , liberalism is more a social ideological thing , not economy . 
  it 's about things like legalizing soft drugs , supporting gay pride , cosmopolitanism , internationalism etc. 
  it 's the opposite of christian national conservativism . 
  work something else . 
  apparently enough people are there producing content . 
  or create a paywall . 
  your decision . 
  if i had money i 'd support great journalism , because i know that if only hobbyist bloggers ( unreliable ) or corporate-sponsored articles ( biased ) exist , then high-quality unbiased independent journalism would die out ( does it still exist even now ?? ) . 
  ** reading stuff is not like stealing . 
  ** if i take the sausage then nobody else can eat it . 
  if i use up 1 kwh of energy then nobody else can use it . 
  if i read an article it can still be read by others . 
  do you say the same thing to people who switch away from ads on tv ? 
  do you yourself feel morally obliged to watch all the crappy `` intelligent dirt-destroying washing gel '' ads when they are on tv and then feel good about yourself , having contributed to this magnificient consumerist system ? 
  and of course if you do n't act on them , then how are the ads supposed to be financed ? 
  you 're now morally obliged to go and buy that beautiful hamburger you saw in the ad break last night . 
  if you do n't then it was just wasted on you !, 
  think of how much money it costs to make an ad !, 
  do you want to make ad producers homeless ??? 
  what kind of monster are you ? 
  i 'll consider donating when they make it as convenient as clicking a like button ( but as anonymous as possible ) and when i earn enough money for such things . 
  but i wo n't pay with letting my mind be harvested through corporate messages . 
  ads are bad in and of themselves . 
  work out a different system for financing yourself or do a different job . 
  and i do buy expensive paper magazines sometimes , but even those have ads !, 
  as i remember from school , we learned it rather as ( oversimplified ) : germany had very few colonies and thought they have too little of global business and trade for their military power and their size relative to other european powers so it was mainly in their interest to start wwi , to get a `` fairer slice '' for themselves . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  it 's a very similar deal with proprietary vs. free software and the impact of file sharing on movies , music and books . 
  i 'm really not sure . 
  donations are a possibility . 
  there are probably too many journalists out there who should work something else . 
  perhaps only a small part of journalists should work full time . 
  journalists with great insight and deep analyses and quality investigative work will be known and they can get invited for paid talks , interviews , they can work in the field they analyze , they can work at universities or in think tanks or consulting companies , whatever . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  but i 'll use the tools available to me to reduce the bullshit that hits me in the form of ads . 
  i download stuff ( fuck drm and limitations and i 'm a poor eastern european student ) , i block ads , i avoid proprietary software to a greater-than-average degree etc. 
   i do n't think anyone is against ads i think most people are . 
  people routinely switch away from ads on tv and i assume most people do n't like to read ads and try to ignore them . 
  at least the sort of people who will install adblockers themselves . 
   what i say is that either ad-blockers have to get a bit more intelligent about intrusive and non-intrusive ads no . 
  i want to block them all . 
  ads are poison for the mind . 
  it 's material that 's calibrated and optimized for psychological manipulation on an industrial scale . 
  i know that a lot of other content is sponsored ( whether explicitly marked or not ) / misleading/propaganda/whatever as well , but ads are part of this and i do n't want to see them .
