  unless you are willing to shoot . 
  but obviously that 's not an option , so slovenia will have to take them if croatia decides to bring them there . 
   until we had 5000 people riot but the croatian pm promised to handle them in a nice and friendly way , so why the riots ? 
  maybe they underestimated the difficulty of the situation ... 
  croatia talked so much shit about hungary , they said they will show how to handle this and they will properly feed them and treat them right , not like in hungary . 
  then after 1 day they collapse and nope out of it and just push them onto hungary . 
  really nice . 
  eu or not eu , it 's still balkan style politics . 
  police brought them to the registration camp but they escaped . 
  what should they do with them ? 
  the only place to stop them is before they enter the country . 
  there 's a camp in szentgotth\u00e1rd . 
  anyway , if we bring them to eastern hungary , they will just march on towards austria on motorways or go to keleti again . 
  it would again cripple the infrastructure . 
  unless we put them in prison , they will move on even by foot . 
  do you want to see marching children ? 
  huge inhumane crowds at the train station ? 
  the only solution is to stop them at the southern hungarian border . 
  this will be achieved , even as austria condemns the fence . 
  it 's not really `` forwarding '' . 
  they are migrating towards germany . 
  unless you stop them * by force * they will just migrate and continue their journey . 
  they do n't even want food , just a way to germany . 
  nothing will change . 
  eu ca n't change anything , except for securing the greek border . 
  but that 's inhumane . 
  ok , then millions will go to germany . 
  it 's really simple . 
  once they are inside , it 's impossible to keep them from going to the austrian border anyway . 
  the question is only if we want to cripple the motorways and trains once again . 
  the key is stopping them already at the border . 
  austria should support the fence , because that is the only way to keep them from going to austria . 
  or if they want them , they should give them visas . 
  croatian pm confirmed that there was no deal with hungary about passing on migrants . 
  [ this policewoman ] ( http://civilhetes.net/images/2015-09/19/2015-09-19-horvat-rendorok-ugye2.jpg ) clearly has a pistol . 
  but hungarian police says the croatian police did n't carry guns . 
  government people say they were disarmed . 
  it 's hard to reconstruct what happened . 
  build fences and walls . 
  build a fortress . 
  i do n't see any other choice . 
  maybe i 'm a bit too worked up now , and blow things out of proportion due to reading and watching lots of news about this topic but i do n't see any other way of stopping this . 
  the german population is starting to lose their support for uncontrolled immigration , but they will go there anyways . 
  if we simply do nothing , then germany will soon get millions . 
  it wo n't crush their economy , they are rich , but they may not like the social consequences . 
  but one has to admit that it is pure hypocrisy . 
  in the universal equality and global brotherhood there 's no justification for you living a luxury life ( globally speaking ) while people in bangladesh in clothes factories or slaves in dubai or sick people in africa have to suffer so much more . 
  you simply get your quality of life by your place of birth . 
  if you are n't a fully effective altruist , giving away all that is not necessary for the purpose of living and helping the poor , then you are conveniently shutting your eyes . 
  the only possible resolution to this conflict is to admit that those around us , sharing our culture and customs are more important to us , it 's a form of tribalism and it is one cause for warfare for sure . 
  but it 's still a practical reality beyond the hypocritical rhetoric . 
  what 's with `` wir schaffen das '' and that they need workforce and they will show a friendly face and there 's no limit on asylum and germany is rich and can manage it ? 
  you see , you ca n't just change your mind without a deep explanation or stepping down . 
  most of the countries where the chaos is today are so small that it 's insignificant . 
  hungary has 0.7 % of the gdp of the eu . 
  so if we have to take 0.7 % of a hard-limited number ( say 500,000 ) of refugees , then so be it . 
  that would mean 3500 people in hungary . 
  and they 'd go back to germany on the day of their arrival in hungary . 
  cutting the fence is a criminal offence . 
  the mildest punishment is getting deported and banned from the eu for at least a year ; while the strongest is imprisonment for 5 years . 
  the eu has a population of 508 million , but yeah i agree . 
  source ? 
  it 's simply that hungary can not hand border protection to croatia seeing how their whole immigration policy collapsed in 1 or 2 days . 
  their policemen intruded into hungary on a train with 1000 foreign nationals without any permission , instructing the croatian train driver to cross the border despite the red signal . 
  much of the hungarian-croatian border is the drava river . 
  that part is not fenced , just the rest ( 41 km ) . 
  the 800,000 was already corrected to 1m by some estimates . 
  i think it will just accelerate . 
  it can easily get into the tens of millions in the coming years . 
  it 's too late now . 
  they will still go , even if they get no benefits . 
  they will be there and if germany does n't feed and accommodate them , they will have a huge homelessness problem and ghettoization problem , with malnourished children and angry adults who feel betrayed . 
  it 's too late now . 
  the serbian border is well protected . 
  sorry for this 10k , the fence will soon be up towards croatia , too , and they wo n't be able to come . 
  but make no mistake , they will find a route . 
  all the migrants currently in the balkans will soon get to germany one way or another , regardless of how hungary seals its borders . 
  what else can we do ? 
  once they are inside the country , we ca n't do anything with them . 
  the only place where we can stop them is at the border . 
  and we will do that once the fence is standing . 
   but if the asylum applicants leave the country there is no process anymore . 
  should we put them in prison ? 
  last time we tried to put them in the bicske camp we were all inhumane and that guy threw the woman and baby on the train tracks , they threw away food etc. 
  you * still * do n't understand . 
  these people want to go to germany very very much . 
  again , * very very much * . 
  if we put them on the eastern end of hungary , then they will march on our motorways towards austria . 
  would you like that , instead ? 
  marching children , injured feet etc ? 
  this is obviously not an optimal situation but it 's only temporary until the fence is ready . 
  then we can defend the fence against riots and attacks with tear gas and water cannons and if need be with rubber bullets . 
  some go to sweden , finland etc. 
  but yeah * almost * all go to germany . 
  also , hungary had to order the razor wire from china because german manufacturers refused to sell it . 
  another possibility is greece-albania-italy by boats . 
  quite risky , but they may have to use that if there 's no other way . 
  oh 1 million is just the projection for germany this year . 
  it will be a lot more . 
  germany will get fed up suddenly and will build fences .
