  still , university life is still expensive for many families , because people are generally poor . 
   i 'm just curious about how some of the things that sanders is proposing are actually implemented , because it seems , well , too good to be true . 
  many people in the us are filthy , filthy rich and many are poor . 
  there 's enough money to redistribute , but americans see the government as some external entity from which one has to protect oneself , even with guns . 
  this mentality is very different in europe . 
  we look at the government/state as a service provider . 
  and in the us , contrary to the common heroic trope of the self-made man , wealth mostly depends on what family you are born into . 
  during the communist times the west was summarized with the saying `` man is a wolf to man '' . 
  that seems to be precisely the case in the us . 
  were you born to a family with large savings , investments , bank accounts yielding interest regularly ? 
  great !, 
  were you lucky and had enough risk tolerance and made a fortune on the stock market by speculating ? 
  perfect !, 
  tax the rich ? 
  what an outrageous proposal , right ? 
   i do n't see the colleges and healthcare providers being able to handle even a medium increase in demand very well . 
  why would the demand increase ? 
  do you have sick people who are n't treated right now ? 
  how can you call yourself a first world country if you do n't take care of your sick fellow citizens , but are happy with the sky-piercing wealth of the rich ? 
  and at colleges : what 's the problem with demand ? 
  just filter them for ability by tests as opposed to filtering based on the thickness of daddy 's wallet . 
  well , it 's viewed as the anthem of the sz\u00e9kelys . 
  so most people would n't just sing it unless there 's some fitting occasion in hungary . 
  actually i do n't even know what people think about the actual song , it does n't come up too often as a topic . 
  we often talk about the hungarian anthem and how it 's too depressive and slow , but we do n't talk much about the sz\u00e9kely himnusz . 
  at right-wing gatherings sometimes it 's sung after sz\u00f3zat ( a kind of secondary anthem , which we sing at the end of ceremonies , while the normal anthem is at the beginning ) . 
  it 's also sung in the parliament sometimes after bigger ceremonies . 
  it 's a symbol of solidarity , similar to the sz\u00e9kely flag flying on the parliament building . 
  there is obviously some politics involved , too . 
  usually leftists and internationalists do n't like it much . 
  we 're not big on the over-the-top patriotism that you have in the us . 
  that 's also because our history is a lot less successful than the american situation ( winning all wars , largest military , biggest political influence etc. ) . 
  most of our patriotic songs are rather depressive and bitter-sweet , about suffering but still going on . 
  the new generations are trying to shake this off , but there 's even an old saying that `` the hungarian celebrates by crying '' . 
  i do n't like this at all and i hope it will change , but there is n't a lot of reason to be as happy , free , enthusiastic as the us . 
  so we have patriotic songs , but they are serious and bitter , not fun and smiling . 
  we have a kind of secondary national anthem called [ sz\u00f3zat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwvvjt3uboo ) . 
  if the tune is not depressing enough , here are some parts of the full poem : -- and home of the nations , great earth !, 
  shouts bravely to you : `` a thousand years of suffering demands life or death ! '', 
  -- it still needs to come , it still will come a better age , for which fervent prayer yearns on hundreds of thousands ' lips . 
  -- or it will come , if it must come the glorious death where above the funeral a nation wallows in blood -- and the grave , where the nation is lowering , nations surround and in the millions of peoples ' eyes , a tear of mourning wells . 
  -- our anthem ( [ himnusz ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_1xepk1dak ) ) is not much happier either . 
  some excerpts from that full poem : -- the fugitive hid , and towards him the sword reached into his cave looking everywhere he could not find his home in his homeland climbs the mountain , descends the valley sadness and despair his companions sea of blood beneath his feet ocean of flame above . 
  -- castle stood , now a heap of stones happiness and joy fluttered , groans of death , weeping now sound in their place . 
  and ah !, 
  freedom does not bloom from the blood of the dead , torturous slavery 's tears fall from the burning eyes of the orphans !, 
  -- pity , o lord , the hungarians who are tossed by waves of danger extend over it your guarding arm on the sea of its misery long torn by ill fate bring upon it a time of relief this nation has already suffered for all sins of the past and of the future !, 
  -- so yeah , historically , we 're not big on the happy-fun patriotism like the us . 
  some other patriotic songs are recruitment songs for the 1848 revolution and freedom fight , but they are n't really `` we 're such a great country '' - patriotism . 
  some are about how awesome hungary is , but they are the trianon-revisionist songs and they are not really acceptable in the mainstream . 
  but you have lots of local patriotic songs for the various regions of germany , [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xfvwpszxne ) . 
  afaik these are quite acceptable and drunk people sing stuff like this . 
  i only heard about it a few years ago ( i think i was more than 20 ) . 
  hip , young , modern online portals started to write about it and it 's mostly the `` wannabe-americans '' who watch it . 
  the same guys who go to new hip , supposedly authentic american bbq and burger places and snobbishly scoff at `` low quality '' things , who wear baseball caps with ny logos , have posters of american cities on their walls , care about american celebrities ( e.g. 
  oscars gossip ) etc. 
  they also often have iphones . 
  not all of them do all of these , but it looks like a subculture to me . 
  all countries . 
  every country has it 's own history , often it 's own language , own foods , etc. 
  the question needs to be more specific . 
  you see , the game is complicated . 
  you have to pay attention to appreciate it . 
  in europe we prefer football/soccer because you can just relax and watch it after a hard day and just see a beautiful game , the tricks , meanwhile talk with friends , drink beer etc. 
  we do n't want to think hard too much , and analyze things strategically . 
  we want to see directly what 's happening . 
  this actually goes somewhat against the stereotype of the dumb and lazy american . 
  your sports are all really complex . 
  it 's also nice in football ( soccer ) that its simplicity gives it flexibility : people/kids can play it just anywhere , with two stones instead of goalposts , the number of players and the field size does n't matter too much , there is no equipment needed besides a ball , so any village can afford to have its team . 
  it 's also very easy to uderstand and watch on tv . 
  the most complicated rule is the offside rule , which is still pretty simple compared to baseball and other american sports . 
  it 's also my perception that in the us the `` meta-game '' , how players and teams move around in the leagues/divisions/etc . , is quite popular and of interest in itself . 
  there is also a big difference in how big college teams are there , and relatively non-existent in europe . 
  also , the hero worship is different . 
  i mean football ( soccer ) players can be extremely popular , but they are n't this `` i 'm a fukin animal , i 'm so manly , waaa '' - type that i see in the us . 
  so why do they stop * all the time ? 
  * and what are these `` formations '' ? 
  and where is this master strategy in this that people sometimes liken it to chess ? 
  i tried watching the super bowl once , i could n't get why anyone would watch this . 
  too much overblown visual effects , shouts , extreme manly exploding masculinity ` i 'm so pumped with testosterooonee ' type superhero american overhyped stuff . 
  it 's like an operetta , somehow unpleasantly fake atmosphere . 
  also the tons of commercials and the fact that americans actually enjoy the commercials and are happy to watch them just reaffirms the stereotypes about americans . 
  ( you 're probably thinking `` yeah , but these commercials are * actually * great - and yeah , i mean exactly this sentiment ) . 
  the actual sport is boring , they are standing at a line , then jump all over each other , then break , nothing happens , they again stand at a line , then jump and push each other . 
  makes no sense to me . 
  here it 's mostly watched by people who try to signal that they are so modern and hip etc. 
  it 's usually just a pretentious status symbol that you watch american football , you go to real american burger places , you wear ny baseball caps , etc. 
  it 's a fashionable thing in certain circles . 
  of course some people actually enjoy it , but i 've yet to meet one hungarian american-football-fan who is n't this stereotype of america-worshipper . 
  yes americans over-romanticize it . 
  you 're stuck with an image of a few hundred years ago . 
  it 's as if we thought americans live like in spaghetti western movies . 
  today 's gypsies have nothing to do with this romantic image of the colorful fortune teller women , living free , moving around with their romantic camps etc. 
  in hungary , gypsies do n't move around , they live in the outskirts of towns and villages , in some villages they are the majority . 
  they usually do n't integrate , they have lots of kids at a young age for the benefits and there is a lot of criminal activity ( about 40 % of prison inmates are gypsies , while they are only about 5 % of the population ) . 
  now on the other side , it 's true that people do n't give them equal chance , so as a hard working gypsy you 'll have to break though the prejudices , which is hard . 
  it 's also hard for gypsies to learn anything positive from their families , when they do n't go to work , do nothing productive , do n't clean their environment , live in dirt , children do n't learn how to behave , they are agressive , they are loud , etc. 
  there 's nothing romantic about this situation , this is rather a demographic catastrophe . 
  teachers are leaving the regions with lots of gypsy children because it 's extreme . 
  both the children and their parents are very hard to deal with .
