  but this was like being in a museum . 
  it does n't really exist as a mainstream popular thing . 
  globalization and americanization is going strongly . 
  we watch american shows , hollywood movies , have global things at the multinational chain supermarket , etc. 
  even american celebrations are creeping in like valentine 's day , halloween , black friday etc. 
  because it 's a good way to push people to spend money and consume . 
  seems like the newest textbook line handles wwii in 7th and 11th grade . 
  http://etananyag.ofi.hu/tantargyak/tortenelem when i was in school it was 8th and 12th as you say . 
  it seems weird to spend a whole year on the stuff after wwii . 
  but otherwise it 's often a problem that the class runs out of time and has to rush through wwii , ddr , ' 56 , k\u00e1d\u00e1r etc , which are probably more important to know for a general citizen than sparta 's wars or hannibal . 
  we always had to push something to the next year because the teacher miscalculated the time , and i hear it also happened in other classes . 
  and the 12th year is already \u00e9retts\u00e9gi year , so students have less attention to spare . 
  most casual newsreaders would only recognize trump and perhaps hillary clinton . 
  we know trump wants to build a wall to mexico and ban muslims from entering the us and stuff like that . 
  hillary is the wife of bill , no idea what she wants . 
  there was some `` super tuesday '' that these two won . 
  if someone 's really interested they may know bernie sanders and how he wants to introduce stuff , like free education and healthcare paid from taxes , that 's just common sense in europe . 
  other than that , not much . 
  i just read this part , but the turning point is not really pinpointed as one event . 
  the book says basically : 1942 : germany starts siege of stalingrad , gets crushed in the long fights 1943 : hitler tries to attack again , gets defeated in kursk after the victory in north africa , britain and us invade sicily , mussolini gets arrested , but hitler moves in and fights with the allies and frees mussolini . 
  attack of brits and us gets stuck at monte cassino . 
  allies agree to only accept unconditional capitulation from germany . 
  soviets start counter-offensive , reach the carpathians . 
  meanwhile brits and the us bomb germany , including cities and civilians . 
  the nazi dictatorship declares total war . 
  moscow pushes for the creation of a western front and the allies meet to discuss in tehran , where stalin insists on keeping the acquired polish territories and refuses churchills central european idea of a state that would include bavaria , austria and hungary ( * wtf , i never knew this * ) . 
  they also decide to invade from normandy ( we do n't call it d-day , just `` the landing at normandy '' ) . 
  the operation has spectacular results , the battle of normandy ends with german defeat and the allies also liberate paris . 
  -- so , it 's just presented as it happened . 
  individual teachers can of course emphasize things differently . 
  but as we hungarians were n't in the team at normandy , we do n't see it as this big national pride thing with all the romantic heroic music in the background as you do in the us . 
  it 's not so much reduced to this mythical battle of good and evil as it seems to be done over there . 
  i mean the narrative is not so much pre-chewed in the book . 
  the answer to the question in the topic is straighforward : the nation-specific history . 
  have you heard of king saint stephen 's fight with kopp\u00e1ny , the d\u00f3zsa rebellion , saint ladislaus the knight king , the golden bull of andrew ii , the battle of muhi , the battle of moh\u00e1cs , king matthias the just , the r\u00e1k\u00f3czi uprising , the 13 martyrs of arad , the age of hungarian reforms , lajos kossuth , ferenc de\u00e1k , the aster revolution , the arrow cross party , etc. 
  there is a lot of history in each country . 
  i guess before you get to the existence of the us , you learn stuff from a western european , probably english ( or perhaps french ) point of view . 
  i doubt that you learn a lot of polish or hungarian history . 
  but actually the same amount of stuff happened on this part of europe , most of which is unknown outside of here , as we 're small and not relevant anymore :(, 
  there 's * a lot * of national history in each country . 
  all the kings , battles , revolutions , freedom fights , local society , economy , important people . 
  many of which nobody knows ( except historians or very well-read people ) outside that particular country , but are still important for understanding where your nation is , how history influenced culture , arts , literature , politics etc. 
  i just checked in 11th grade ( 17-year-olds ) history book . 
  there are 38 pages on wwii , and less than one page about the pacific theater . 
  basically just a few paragraphs . 
  here 's what 's covered ( i just translated the chapter titles ) : wwii breaks out - nazi foreign policy turns east - german blitzkrieg successes - western campaign - expansion of the soviet union axis powers gain ground - battle of britain - blitzkrieg on the balkans - attack against the soviet union - formation of the `` big alliance '' - japan enters the war ( ** pacific theater ** , pearl harbor etc. ), 
  * i can cover this whole part with one hand . 
  * turn of events in the war - defeat of the axis in north africa - turn of events ( stalingrad , kursk , allied invasion of sicily ) - formation of the second front ( tehran conference , invasion of normandy ) hungary before entering the war - territorial revisions of trianon - neutrality policy of p\u00e1l teleki - suicide of p\u00e1l teleki hungary enters the war - hungarian operations and diplomacy in 1941 - the catastrophe at the don river - attempts at ceasefire , german occupation of hungary the horrors of the war - europe occupied by germans ( how the third reich viewed the defeated nations ) - genocides in the first years of the war - holocaust german occupation and the holocaust in hungary - german occupation and continued military offensive - tragedy of hungarian jews battles in hungary and the end of wwii - horthy 's attempt at quitting the war - the rule of the arrow cross and sz\u00e1lasi - siege of budapest - end of wwii ( execution of mussolini , soviets enter berlin , hitler commits suicide , end on 9 may in europe , yalta , potsdam , usa gets strong in the far east , hiroshima , nagasaki , japan capitulates ), 
  when you learned details of american history and the united states ' role in wars , we learned our own nation 's history and our role in wars . 
  the analogy does n't stand completely , since the history of many european nations goes back more than a thousand years , while the us only a few hundred . 
  every few weeks in history class , we switched back and forth between hungarian history and world history . 
  it 's probably similar in other countries as well . 
  basically we go from the beginnings of history up to today in primary school grades 5 to 8 ( ages ~ 10/11 to ~ 13/14 ) . 
  then we start anew in secondary school and go through everything again in 4 years ( ages 14/15 to 18/19 ) . 
  obviously the secondary school version is more detailed . 
  the unique stuff is hungarian prehistory , the \u00c1rp\u00e1dian kings , the battles we fought against tatars , turks , habsburgs , the hungarian revolutions ( there were many ) , hungarian historic figures , focus on our role in wars , etc. 
  anyway , here 's our primary school curriculum ( with just a few chapter summaries , there 's more stuff in their obviously ) : 5th grade ( 10-11-year-olds ) - beginning of history -- sources of history , the culture of prehistory -- ancient egypt , stories from the bible , ancient china - ancient greece - ancient rome - middle ages -- the frankish empire -- islam - a birth of a new religion and empire -- landlords and serfs -- christianity and the papacy -- the world of knights -- medieval cities - the people of \u00c1rp\u00e1d -- legends of hungarian prehistory -- 9th century hungarian conquests in western europe -- king saint stephen -- king saint ladislaus , the knight king -- attack of the tatars and rebuilding after it ------------------------------------------------------- 6th grade ( 11-12-year-olds ) - golden age and decline of medieval hungary -- the golden forint -- kings meeting at visegr\u00e1d -- sigismund of luxemburg , king of hungary and holy roman emperor -- buda in the middle ages -- john hunyadi the beater of the turks -- king matthias , the just -- crisis of hungary , the d\u00f3zsa revolution -- the battle of moh\u00e1cs - the early modern history of the world and europe -- geographical discoveries -- protestantism and catholicism -- english civil war -- louis the sun king -- the road to the enlightenment -- birth of the usa -- inventions and discoveries - hungary in the early modern age -- the country torn into 3 parts -- ottoman wars -- the th\u00f6k\u00f6ly uprising , fights against the habsburgs -- r\u00e1k\u00f3czi 's freedom fight -- hungary in the habsburg empire -- joseph ii , the king with a hat - revolutions and urbanization in europe -- french revolution and terror in france -- napoleon -- enlightenment ideas , changes in society -- industrial and agricultural revolution -- diseases , epidemics and healthcare -- the holy alliance - age of urbanization in hungary -- hungary in the age of the napoleonic wars -- the age of reforms in hungary , lajos kossuth , istv\u00e1n sz\u00e9chenyi -- 1848 revolution , the april laws , the glorious spring campaign , defeat of the revolution ----------- 7th grade ( 12-13-year-olds ) - age of the nation state -- europe at the top of the world , nation states -- the land of opportunities ( usa ) -- industrial revolution - habsburg authoritarianism , the compromise and austria hungary - competition of great powers and the first world war -- age of colonial empires -- start of wwi , a war of masses and machines -- russia in the hands of the bolsheviks -- peace treaties near paris - dissolution of the historic hungary -- hungary before and in wwi -- the aster revolution -- occupation of hungary -- soviet republic of hungary , dictatorship of the proletariat -- treaty of trianon - europe and the world between the world wars -- the world in the 1920s -- communist dictatorship in the soviet union -- social roles , clothing , lifestyle -- women in the 1920s-1930s -- the global economic crisis in the usa and europe -- hitler 's rise to power in germany - hungary between the world wars -- the horty-era , istv\u00e1n bethlen 's consolidation politics -- education , culture , mass culture -- the great economic crisis in hungary -- hungarians outside the borders -- results of the revisionist foreign policy -- methods of the news , mass media and propaganda - world war ii -- the growing of the war , turn of events , holocaust , defeat of germany and japan -- hungary in wwii , german occupation , holocaust in hungary -- arrow cross dictatorship in hungary -- life in budapest under siege ---------- 8th grade ( 13-14-year-olds ) stuff after wwii ( world : soviet union , gdr , western europe , un , cold war , technology , eu , 1989 ... ; hungary : r\u00e1kosi dictatorship , 1956 , k\u00e1d\u00e1r era , democratization ), 
  this whole thing is not really a thing in most of europe . 
  the whole `` new atheist , pro-science people vs. creationist anti-science bible thumpers '' stuff is a very american thing . 
  nowadays in the age of youtube and reddit , we also know about it but it 's still not really a thing here . 
  there are very few atheists who think of being atheist as a strong identity , or as a group they * belong * to . 
  people are non-religious by default and they are weird if they take religion seriously . 
  most people do n't really think about god and religion at all . 
  it 's mostly a ceremonial thing for weddings , beautiful christmas masses , it 's nice to look at the beautiful church buildings and paintings and hear the nice music , but for many people it ends there . 
  and many do n't even care even this much . 
  but that 's also true for most kids in europe . 
  teaching methods are n't the best , the teachers have heavy accents , we learn mostly grammar instead of immediate communication . 
  and even though we have people who speak a different language within less than 1000 km , most people never interact with them . 
  we , as hungarians , do n't usually learn the neighboring languages , but the economically powerful countries ' languages , like english , german , french . 
  people do n't travel too much to other countries in everyday life . 
  who were those people ? 
  could it be that they really do n't speak english that well ? 
  also , were you loud , entitled and obnoxious like the `` typical '' american tourist , or were you polite and respectful ? 
  the only place where someone did n't want to talk to me in english was in south italy , but those people probably did n't speak english at all . 
  we tried spanish and pointing , and body language but they did n't want to communicate and turned away . 
  but there were others who were happy to help , pointing and sketching stuff on paper etc. 
  i think it depends a lot on who you randomly talk to . 
   why did you learn english ? 
  because it 's compulsory in school . 
  also , because it 's the global lingua franca , the common language between , say , hungarians and greeks/spanish/polish / finnish/chinese people . 
  it 's important for reading news , understanding work related reference material , there are many more books on interesting topics , it 's good to watch movies without dubs/subtitles etc. 
   do you expect fellow europeans to speak your language in your country ? 
  absolutely not . 
  it 's very nice if they know `` thanks '' , `` hi '' and `` cheers '' , but that 's it . 
   is is worse for someone from an english country to speak english to you as a french person for example , than an estonian to speak english to you ? 
  i do n't expect any tourist to speak hungarian . 
  it does n't matter if they are english or estonian . 
   i always feel bad on vacations because of all the languages i need to learn to not be an asshole . 
  should i still get guilty even though everyone seems to speak english anyway ? 
  a tourist does n't have to learn the language of the country . 
  there are several dozens of languages in europe . 
  you do n't have to learn finnish before going to finland , then learn italian for italy , then slovenian for slovenia , then polish for poland , etc. 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  learn a few phrases and you 're good to go . 
  learning a language takes * years * . 
  do you think we expect you to spend years on years preparing for your few days visiting our country ? 
  people say that stereotypically french people expect tourist to speak french , but it 's bullshit in my experience . 
  they were very helpful to me when i asked them in english . 
  or when they saw us looking at our map and talking in hungarians , they 'd come over and ask us if they can help , in english . 
  the issue is only relevant when you 're there for a longer time .
