  yes , it 's a huge chaos . 
  basically border laws are being massively violated and international laws are totally ignored . 
  that 's what the whole scandal is about . 
  the whole process is chaotic , uncontrolled and unregulated in practice . 
  although it 's not my native language , i guess it 's also felt as too sterile , too distant . 
  like saying `` i met two very nice humans at the supermarket today . '', 
  instead of `` people '' . 
   also i think there is a small percentage that simply does n't want to study something where there 's an underwhelming amount of girls . 
  that 's precisely what i 'm talking about . 
  it 's a feedback loop where the effect loops back to the cause . 
  also , i do n't think gaming is very relevant for cs , as it 's mostly about math and algorithmic thinking . 
  being good and experienced at some shooter game wo n't help much . 
  it 's another thing if one is into modding games and creating custom stuff on the computer , which often leads to programming and similar tinkerings . 
  but i 've also seen many people who left after one semester as they had imagined something else from cs , something more similar to messing around in photoshop or administering linux file access rights . 
   `` see guys , a girl can do it too ! '', 
  that seems very humiliating , i 've never heard such a thing . 
  now there 's a general tendency that boys are usually more `` obsessed '' with some topic of interest compared to girls , who are more into social connections with people and the topics are secondary . 
  i know this is a huge generalization , but on the level of statistics it seems to be true . 
  currently ( or let 's say a few years ago - it may be changing now ) , going into cs is not seen as a very `` cool '' thing , it has a stereotype of the pale , skinny ( or fat ) weak guy with glasses and acne who is out of touch with reality . 
  in such a context , people who are n't somewhat sure , wo n't go to study cs . 
  especially girls would have to be unusually obsessed with it to make it over this mental hurdle . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c28ceblkag ) [ are ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycpcumdqqag ) [ some ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_hfmp-z7ae ) [ of budapest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=py2jkyreiqy ), 
  i do n't think many girls `` play the victim card '' , at least not in hungary . 
  maybe in the us . 
  that 's not where i want to go with this . 
  i 'm just saying that i think it 's artificial ( not innate ) and based on imaginations . 
  there are girls who do n't choose stem despite being good at maths and physics in school . 
  yes they do it out of their own will , but still it 's not a good thing . 
  campus life is also much better if the genders are more balanced . 
  i do n't know , but using female as a noun is often seen as degrading ( i 've seen this mostly on reddit ) as `` female '' is also used for animals . 
  so maybe it 's a kind of hypercorrection to replace it with `` woman '' even as an adjective . 
  it 's an entire topic on its own , but i think the stem numbers are artificially skewed . 
  i know for certain that in my high school class there were several girls who were really good at maths and physics and ended up going into economics , simply because it 's more usual for girls , than electrical or mechanical engineering . 
  also somehow biology and chemistry are more popular among girls than other stem fields . 
  i do n't think there 's anything feminine about chemistry that you do n't have in physics or in electrical engineering . 
  ( edit : on second thought one could stretch it and argue that biology and chemistry are related to `` nurturing '' and `` nursing '' people by their relevance to medicine ) . 
  interestingly , i heard that in india computer science is quite popular among girls and it 's seen as a `` feminine '' alternative to engineering . 
  there are lots of preconceptions and i do n't think it 's an innate repulsion from stem fields , definitely not on this level ( 5 % girls in cs for example ) . 
  unfortunately . 
  in my primary school only the two pe ( physical education , sport ) teachers were men . 
  so we ( quite subconsciously ) socialized a lot with the doorman/porter/receptionist / security guy and the repairmen ) . 
  it was quite a refreshment in secondary school to have several male teachers , but it was still far from balanced . 
  also , this is quite a recent phenomenon . 
  earlier secondary schools were separated by genders and boys were primarily taught by men . 
  having respectable male role models in everyday life would be very important for a balanced upbringing . 
  the crowd `` already in europe '' is growing every day by 8,000-10 ,000 people . 
  the journey takes about 9-10 days . 
  first and foremost the borders must be controlled at greece . 
  fortunately , merkel also started to speak about this . 
  we should put it into practice . 
  control of borders is the most important thing because it will never stop . 
  hungary is only opposing the insane idea of talking about quotas before controlling the borders . 
  it makes absolutely zero sense to speak about quotas before controlling the borders . 
  if we do n't control the borders , europe will get millions upon millions of migrants . 
  and this is n't a fantasy any more . 
  it * will * be millions , unless we control the borders . 
  the real solution is to give humanitarian aid to the refugee camps around syria and to take some of the refugees from those camps to countries globally , on a voluntary basis . 
  we can not and should not take all refugees that want to come to europe . 
  they have no right to decide to live in europe , unless they are persecuted in a country directly neighboring europe or a country gives them that right after assessing their case . 
  knocking on the wrong door . 
  we are ready to channel them to austria the moment they give permission . 
  i already wrote this to you but you willfully ignore it . 
  austria and germany ** do n't allow corridors ** . 
  hungary would be okay with a direct corridor . 
  austria and germany do n't want this . 
  if they do n't want this , and they do n't want this , then we have no other thing left to do than to close our borders . 
  the hungarian government is first and foremost responsible to the hungarian people . 
  if austria stops receiving the migrants , they 'd be stuck in hungary . 
  ** the austrian interior minister has already threatened to use force against migrants to stop them from entering austria , in case germany stops receiving them ** . 
  so how about criticizing austria instead ? 
   handled they still do . 
  it 's just the beginning . 
  milanovic ( translated from hungarian press ) : `` even if hungarians close the green border , it wo n't stop the migrants . 
  these people will chew the barbed wire with their teeth and hungarians will have to shoot at them . '', 
  croatian soldiers are already watching the construction very closely and take photos of weak spots . 
  they plan to push migrants in groups of 50-100 people throughout the whole border at random points . 
  there were even rumors about channelling the drava into an artificial lake to decrease water levels , so migrants can cross . 
  wwi was about much more than simply the assassination of franz ferdinand . 
  it 's extremely naive to think that hungarians started wwi . 
  it had lots of causes , including the lack of a german colonial empire . 
  the tension was through the roof in europe already . 
  hungary was ripped apart as a punishment by the winners of the war and by carelessness from the side of the entente , i.e. 
  it was easier for them to say `` ok '' for many territorial claims as hungarians , being defeated , did n't have the opportunity to argue their case easily . 
  there 's no way to quickly settle this . 
  history is taught from a widely different perspective . 
  there is no neutral history anyway . 
  it 's a narrative , a story . 
  the slovak story is about being oppressed for a thousand years by hungarians after the glorious times of the `` slovak king '' svatopluk and the `` slovak empire '' of great moravia ( whose extents and importance are widely exaggerated ) . 
  the hungarian story is about arriving to a mostly empty carpathian basin with some slavs up in the mountains , creating a glorious kingdom , large areas of which got depopulated after the ottoman wars , resulting in the influx of slavs and vlachs towards the central regions , resulting in a multiethnic state by the 18th-19th century , where the nationalities started to feel disconnected from the kingdom due to the rise of nationalism throughout europe . 
  hungarians , being touched by the same nationalism , tried to homogenize the kingdom by strong assimilation policies , which then led to even more conflict and the dismemberment of the kingdom in trianon . 
  even today , slovaks imagine hungarians as a people full of confident oppressive sentiment towards slovakia . 
  it 's a serious inferiority complex on a national level ... 
  but actually `` national confidence '' is nowhere near that in hungary and i 'd say hungarians think that the nations around us are much `` prouder '' and fiercer about their nationality than we are . 
  we mainly see ourselves as constant victims of history , being defeated by tatars ( mongols ) , turks , habsburgs ( r\u00e1k\u00f3czi , 1849 ) , trianon , germany , soviet union , etc. 
  our positive history ended in the 15th century with the hunyadis , basically . 
  since then it 's a story of failed uprisings and defeats . 
  the different viewpoints are deeply ingrained in culture . 
  it 's not only about historic facts but the whole narrative of the stories . 
  this is very hard to `` clear up '' . 
  and i think in the meantime we should talk about today .
