  but inequality is not the same as poverty . 
  also , this is the europe sub , so in this context the title makes it seem like `` child poverty '' as understood by most europeans , is growing in germany , when actually it 's inequality that 's growing . 
  i vaguely remember hearing about about how germany changed the school lunches to be more healthy or something . 
  and that kids often refuse the veggies and rather eat fries . 
  maybe it 's more usual in eastern germany . 
  but i think it was on wdr5 radio . 
  i do n't really remember . 
  on an absolute value it 's much more money if you take everything into account . 
  their rent is paid , they get household appliances and furniture , they get cash etc. 
  and the stuff that not so well-off people buy is actually often * cheaper * in germany than in hungary . 
  aldi and lidl for example actually have lower prices in many things than hungarian supermarkets . 
  clothes cost the * same * . 
  books too . 
  almost everything . 
  the only thing that 's more expensive in germany is the rent , but that 's paid * extra * above the ~ 1200 $ / month cash for a family with 2 children ( 4 people ) . 
  the hungarian average salary is ~ 500 $ / month . 
  and as i said , everyday stuff is * not * cheaper ( except restaurants , cinemas , wellness massage etc. 
  but that 's not where poor people usually go ) . 
  still emotionally manipulative . 
  also even if we ignore that picture , the use of `` child poverty '' and `` poor children '' crops up very often , when in fact this is about * relative * poverty but it 's never said explicitly . 
  they are keeping it vague because otherwise it 's a non-story . 
  german welfare does a good job at keeping people out of poverty as normal people understand `` poverty '' . 
  you could double the welfare and you could still say that 2 million children receive welfare therefore they are poor . 
  context , like the child 's empty plate in the main illustration of the article ? 
   statistically , if n ( sample size ) represents all children in germany , then of course you can define a group within that sample size that is poor . 
  if your definition of poverty is relative . 
  for many people in this thread it is n't . 
  we think it is possible to have a country with basically no child poverty . 
  the high welfare ( and the good economy ) practically eliminated it in germany . 
  if you always call the people under a certain percentage of the median income poor , no matter how their life actually looks , then it 's a very different concept than poverty . 
  in the same way , you could also claim that , say , 10 % of nobel laureate geniuses are * stupid * . 
  and then write an article about the high nobel-laureate-genius stupidity . 
  because after all , they are the bottom 10 % among them . 
  or that 10 % of olympic weightlifters are * weak * . 
  that 's inequality , not poverty . 
  yeah , the stay-at-home or half-time-working mom thing is probably the best solution . 
  but around here only the wealthier families can do that . 
  that 's quite nice . 
  i also knew such families in my school where the mother stayed at home , but not many could afford to do that . 
  there were also several single-mothers too , so not working was not even an option . 
  so even small kids ( age 6-10 ) just go home after 14:00 and sit alone until their parents go home ? 
  or they wander around town with other kids by themselves ? 
  i live in budapest , and many of us lived far away so we did n't go home alone until we were about 12 or 13 years old . 
  anyway , so in germany an 8-year-old kid just eats sandwiches until their parents go home at 17:00 or 18:00 ? 
  or do kids prepare something for themselves at home ? 
  or just microwave something that the parents cooked earlier ? 
  in hungary the lunch is traditionally the most important meal of the day , so it 's not customary to go without a warm cooked lunch every day . 
  no , by absolute numbers , german welfare recipients make a lot more than the hungarian average salary ( ~ 500 $ / month ) . 
  depending on how you calculate it , hartz iv can give you double that money in absolute terms if you include everything . 
  and actually things that people buy who are on a somewhat tighter budget are often * cheaper * in germany than in hungary . 
  i mean supermarket food . 
  not all are cheaper , but it 's pretty even , about 20 % price difference . 
  the more expensive thing in germany is rent . 
  but even if you take all this into account , it seems ridiculous to call them `` poor '' . 
  so for many europeans this whole article is non-news as it basically says : some germans are not much-much richer than your country average , just simply richer . 
   a fridge , but no dish washer , a washing machine , but no dryer dish washer and dryer are considered quite a luxury here . 
  for example i do n't know anybody who has a dryer . 
  not having these does n't sound like poverty . 
   so a small room for each kid ( if possible ) , a living room and a bed room for the parents , bath and kitchen . 
  does n't sound poor at all . 
  what i 'd consider a small flat would rather be : living room with a convertible couch where the parents sleep + one children 's room with a bunk bed + bathroom and kitchen . 
   in germany it is uncommon to buy food at school for example , except for maybe a sandwich . 
  so where do kids of age like 7 or 9 years eat lunch ? 
  do they just walk out of the school and go to a pizzeria ? 
  i mean okay , we are talking about people on welfare so they can pick their kids up , but what about working parents ? 
  in hungary it 's usual for children to stay at school until like 4 or 5 o'clock , till their working parents can pick them up . 
  there are teachers who pay attention to them , there is time allocated for playing , doing homework etc. 
  -- anyway , i just wanted to show that - as it 's the europe sub - there are many european countries where average working families have lower life quality than those living on german welfare . 
  so i guess it 's understandable that we do n't really see them as `` poor '' . 
  again , this is n't the germany sub , so we compare it to our own experiences . 
   when you do n't own a tv as a kid oh come on , even many poor kids in the gypsy slums have tvs in eastern europe ( i mean a tv for the family ) . 
  unless you mean a tv just for that kid in his room . 
   1186 euro plus whatever your living costs and how much is that approx ? 
  how much is the rent + heating + other utilities for a place accommodating 4 people ? 
  plus other living costs . 
  i think another 1000 euro is reasonable to calculate for `` living costs '' . 
  also how about benefits for the kids like cheaper ( free ? ), 
  school food , discount on school books ( or free ? ), 
  i heard you even get household appliances like a fridge etc. 
  ah , so that 's why there 's such a huge dental tourism to hungary from western europe . 
  yeah , but they should have written this in the article . 
  instead of illustrating it with a kid with an empty plate . 
  as i calculated , german hartz iv welfare can be something like 2200 $ / month for a family with 2 kids , so like 550 $ / month per person . 
  you have to be really bad with money if you ca n't buy food ( including ` fresh produce ' ) from aldi or lidl for your kids from this amount . 
  and i think they even get food for free or very cheap at school . 
  but if they wrote the article like 2 million german kids ca n't afford to go see as many movies at the cinema as their classmates , or they ca n't chat in school about their exotic vacations or skiing travels , then the article would obviously be a lot less interesting . 
  exactly . 
  living on hartz iv in germany ( [ calculator ] ( http://www.forium.de/alg2/input_1 ) ) is better than how the average employed people live in hungary . 
  germans are one of the richest people in the world , even their poor are n't poor . 
  perhaps they ca n't pay for music lessons for their children and for exotic vacations , but it 's not really poverty . 
  instead of saying just `` poor '' , they should say precisely how much income ( including welfare ) per person the household needs to have to be in this statistic . 
  edit : funny how they put a kid with an empty plate as the main picture of the article as if these 2 million kids had nothing to eat . 
  and then they start the article with saying that the necessities are always there , like food etc. 
  our society and laws are just not prepared for such things on this scale . 
  part of it is that the general public is largely ignorant about what any of this is and how this works . 
  many do n't even know if facebook is part of the internet or what the web is , what parts are privately owned and what are based on open standards , or how copyright works , how your data is processed behind the scenes , what effects filter bubbles have , how advanced image recognition algorithms are , how `` deletion '' does n't usually mean physical deletion , etc etc. 
  for most people , facebook just * is * , and it 's magic and that 's the end of it . 
  probably they are experimenting with computer vision based enhancements , but mostly it 's based on someone reporting the picture and then the task of checking it is farmed out to humans . 
  probably prioritized by number of reports . 
  these humans ' sole job is to click okay , not okay buttons endlessly , based on fb 's criteria .
