  i do post as little personal info `` as practical '' , but you can easily get down a rabbit hole when you try to do everything in a pure and clean way . 
  i use as much free software as i can , linux , libreoffice etc. , i do n't have google stuff installed on my android ( i use cyanogenmod with privacy controls ) but i do n't obsess over every driver being free etc. 
  i 'm also `` soft forced '' to use the proprietary whatsapp ( owned by facebook ) for example , because so many people use it ( whatsapp groups to distribute info ) . 
  of course i could say no , but it 's a struggle and i make trade-offs . 
  i can see the symbolic value of richard stallman standing by his principles , but it 's not practical for an everyday user who has stuff to get done and does n't want social isolation . 
  if you go full principled/paranoid , you wo n't be able to use the internet as you know it . 
  i myself act as if i 'm being in public and i 'm being watched all the time when i visit something on the internet . 
  there 's no real way around it , just look at richard stallman 's efforts . 
  against malware : make regular backups ( including off-site ) . 
  against data theft : use non-networked computers . 
  against tracking : do n't visit problematic/shameful sites , except perhaps through tor . 
  anyway , consider yourself in public when using the internet . 
  you may feel like you 're at home , in your own room , but no , you are out in the public . 
  you have no way of checking what it actually does . 
  nor can any expert inspector decide it in any easy way . 
  i love how people can be praised either for having `` non-negotiable '' convictions or otherwise for being flexible and receptive to new information , reflecting and changing their minds as new evidence comes up . 
  had he put down smoking you could praise him for paying attention and keeping up with information , staying young and open in his mind , whatever . 
  depends on what you call `` inherently wrong '' . 
  you wo n't die because of it , you wo n't get cancer because of it and you wo n't suddenly lose thousands of dollars from your bank account . 
  what * is * `` inherently '' wrong anyway ? 
  people like their privacy and like honesty . 
  most people have no idea that this is happening . 
  would you like a guy following you around town , making stats of what books you take off the shelf in the book store , the library , what topics you discuss with which friend of yours , which articles you read in the daily newspaper etc. 
  and by that i mean a stranger working for a commercial enterprise . 
  maybe you would n't mind it . 
  but for many people privacy is in itself a terminal value . 
  an end itself , not a means . 
  being left alone , being uncontrolled , unsurveilled , unsupervised , like a free adult . 
  it 's as if the municipal water company monitored how much you drink of it , what you cook with the water and how often you clean your anus with the water , etc. 
  it 's none of their damn business . 
  they provide a generic service and it stops there . 
  facebook should just provide a platform and not sniff around how we use it , mining what sites we visit , who we talk to etc. 
  none of their business . 
  the data and the infrastructure should be separated . 
  it should n't be controlled by the same company . 
  the data should be private and protected and inaccessible to the company designing the underlying infrastructure ( the actual website and software ) . 
  i do n't know where you are from , but being hungarian this stuff does n't surprise me the least . 
  these noname , small-scale politicians are just expensive biological voting automata , they have absolutely no opinions , no values , nothing to represent , they are leeches of society . 
   if you look at the salary for meps then 300 euro is about the money they get in base salary in 1.5 days . 
  so if they pick this money up they can more than double their salary . 
  pretty good for a half-hour detour . 
  again , these are n't millionaires or billionaires . 
  they are elected for a 5 year cycle , they must make as much money as possible while they are in there , who knows what kind of a job they will find after the this 5-year cycle has ended . 
  and they need to collect that money for their kids , their uncle , their parents , their siblings , their nieces etc. 
  ** money is never ever enough . 
  ** never !, 
  saying things like they `` should n't have to worry about their personal income '' is * extremely naive * . 
  they will take as much money as you give them and still want more . 
  there is no point where they are satisfied . 
  getting the money is their main activity , that 's the whole point of being there for them . 
  being sent to the ep is like being in exile or retirement from domestic politics . 
  if you 've become unimportant at home , you can have yourself sent off for this vacation time in the ep . 
  the ep is pretty powerless and weightless anyways . 
  lots of talks , lots of odes to joy , european values and blue flags , but actually a random mep from hungary or any other country has very little power to do anything . 
  it 's a warm little puddle for these leeches , who see nothing , who know nothing , who care for nothing , just to use their time as efficiently as possible to steal taxpayers ' money . 
  politicians are like this and everyone knows this in countries like hungary . 
  maybe you 're from a country where the press keeps you naive and you think meps are some autonomous , honest and decent people who fight for their ideas about the future , humanity , europe and whatever . 
  but that 's just the shiny outside of an apple that 's rotten inside . 
  you must be trolling . 
  it 's 300 euros per day , which is a month 's salary for many people in the eastern part of the eu . 
  an mep is n't filthy rich by default . 
  of course they will want 300 euros for a half-hour detour . 
  it 's good that western europe is beginning to have at least a bit of hands-on experience . 
  that 's not sarcasm , btw . 
  it will probably move things out of idealism and will result in more practical ways to solve the problem . 
  and i do n't know what that will be ( boarding schools ? 
  scholarships ? 
  who knows ... ) . 
  but if they ( western europe ) have skin in the game they will talk less nonsense . 
   is there any proof these are n't settled romanians instead of roma ? 
  i have n't read the whole thread they are obviously roma . 
  you can see it by looking at the pictures . 
  we need at least some measurable number of educated roma to spread the word . 
  top-down preaching does n't do magic , but seeing example figures would help . 
  or create some scholarships to boarding schools and pay the family very well for sending their children there . 
  but there 's no money to finance such things and it would need extreme care so that the money does n't get stolen before it gets to its destination . 
  i 'm not sure about romania but in hungary we always have all sorts of roma strategies , roma integration programmes whatever . 
  copious amounts of money ... aaaand it most of it gets stolen by roma and non-roma politicians before it could get to those in need . 
  or they build some cultural center for them and then the roma just steal the doors and windows and leave it in ruins . 
  this is one of the major major problems in eastern europe and now that moving to rich countries is more and more available , the best minds disappear and the poverty increases . 
  also , roma people have much more kids than others , so in a few decades it will hit really hard . 
  many people have given up and are just trying to secure a better future for themselves by escaping from the affected regions . 
  it 's an incredibly complex thing . 
  even if they go to school ... a roma school in some small town is just ... unbelievable . 
  that 's not education . 
  what teacher would like to teach there ? 
  it 's like either insane commitment or just absolutely no other options for them . 
  there 's just not enough enthusiasm , it 's all just silently accepted that there is nothing to do . 
  better just be quiet and hope it solves itself , than do something radical , like taking away the kids and putting them under state supervision as that would be inhumane and racist and who needs that criticism from western europe . 
  better just let it all rot away slowly . 
  the problem is that many people just stop at the `` easy reason '' : eastern europeans are simply racist and discriminate against the roma . 
  and then they stop thinking further and just bash the majority population for their racism . 
  as long as we are stuck in that framing , there will be no progress . 
  people wo n't magically stop their negative thoughts about roma out of some liberal enlightenment if their daily experience stays the same : loud roma , stealing your grandma 's vegetables and chickens , or your kid 's phone , dirty gardens etc. 
  you ca n't tell those living in such villages that this is n't true . 
  that what they see every day is just prejudice . 
  it 's a fact , if you go to any such village , you can see it with your own eyes . 
  now you can say it 's the result of the prejudice or that discrimination is self-perpetuating , but as i said , if this is your everyday experience , you wo n't just give up the stereotypes out of some magical progressive enlightenment . 
  you will still prefer your kid going to a school with less roma kids , even if that school is farther away . 
  and with good reason , if you ever just once see the conditions in a roma-majority school .
