  [ source ] ( http://www.kormany.hu/en/prime-minister-s-office/news/if-we-cannot-observe-the-schengen-regulations-we-shall-be-left-out ) , with my own emphasis and clarifications in brackets . 
  [ another source ] ( http://budapestbeacon.com/public-policy/lazar-its-all-germanys-fault/26741 ) says it like this :  an undersecretary at germany 's interior ministry had contacted hungary 's ambassador in berlin and asked the hungarian government to pick 250-300 asylum seekers and put them on a train bound for germany , l\u00e1z\u00e1r said . 
  i very much hope that the leader of such a big country would not be swayed by some picture of a single boy . 
  this is just communication . 
  a world leader hopefully knows the situation around the world and how people are dying and live in poverty in certain parts of the world , constantly . 
  we do n't need such media sensationalism . 
  it 's a hindrance . 
  show the everyday realities around the world . 
  i mean it * includes * , i.e. 
  are part of . 
  i 'm not saying those are the * only * parts , of course . 
  that 's why i said easter-central europe is a better term , i.e. 
  the eastern part of central europe : czech , poland , slovakia , hungary ( the v4 ) . 
  depends on how you define central europe . 
  in most definitions it includes germany , austria and switzerland . 
  so a more fitting term would rather be east-central europe . 
  anyway , you are right . 
  hungarians are not the raging xenophobes that you imagine . 
  most of us feel sympathetic with these people on an individual human level , but we do n't have enough power to deal with them . 
   about taking risk and being openminded . 
  diverse people and new input make for new innovation . 
  making the country change and transform gives you a chance to make ot more productive and more wealthy . 
  those who think immigration will just decrease their share are stupid . 
  there is also a big chance , but one needs skill and organisation and optimism to take it . 
  look . 
  this line of thought may work in a rich welfare state , but hungary is not there yet . 
  you can blame them and claim they are evil people , but in fact we as a nation simply have not had enough time and money to be receptive to this kind of thinking . 
  you may say , how is money necessary here . 
  simply , if you can not take care of your own family , of your own parents , of your own children , if you see no future for yourself and them , then it 's very hard to be so optimistic . 
  the rich , upper-middle class people in budapest are much more `` open-minded '' in this sense , but they are just as sheltered and live in an ivory tower as the people in western europe . 
  try to understand people , their history and their situation , before judging so fast . 
  there 's no whole new level . 
  the concept is so simple that five-year-olds regularly pull it off in kindergarten . 
  i 'm sure they are n't well psychologically , neither would i be . 
  and i 'm not blaming this guy specifically , but much rather the journalists who are pulling a single frame of this out of context and make it seem as if the police threw a mother and child on the train tracks . 
  that is manipulative and disgusting . 
  i 'm not referring to people who have seen the video , obviously . 
  i imagined someone seeing the picture in the news and then if i told them it 's fake , they 'd probably not believe it , because `` why would they do that ? 
  this whole non-existent european approach would be a joke , a comedy if we were n't talking about people ... we are moving them around the country like sheep , they do n't want it , they escape , and there is more and more new influx as well , constantly . 
  source ? 
  you are so naive . 
  he 's seen the swarm of photographers and made some show for them . 
  at the same time , they are understandably tired and angry . 
  they thought they could get to germany , but germany does n't let them finish the trip ( by holding up the eu regulation ) . 
  they encouraged them informally , but now they do n't accept them in . 
  are they even allowed to go to germany after registration ? 
  i think not , but i may be wrong . 
  i know they are n't physically locked in the camps , but they still ca n't leave the country legally , or am i wrong ? 
  exactly . 
  that 's one of the important reasons for learning new languages . 
  if you can compare the parallel realities and narratives , you can learn so much about how propaganda works . 
  in all places . 
   merkel for an act of humanity and soldarity ( with their country ) what solidarity are we talking about here ? 
  there is a migration route from turkey to germany and germany does not let them finish the trip . 
  instead , it rewards those who illegally get through and allows them to stay in germany instead of being sent back to their point of entry . 
  until the borders are sealed , any such news is just oil on the fire . 
  more and more people are starting the journey . 
  germany takes care of inviting them , then does n't let us control the border because it 's inhumane . 
  police is catching around 2000 illegal immigrants every day . 
  they do n't come up to the official border crossing on the road . 
  they cross in the forests and fields . 
  but even if they are registered , they still ca n't leave to germany immediately . 
  they 'd need visa i think , but i 'm not sure . 
  so you 're saying hungary should let trains packed full of migrants towards germany ? 
  that would be great , but both germany and austria were outraged when 3600 people were let through when some days ago we let a few trains go . 
  then due to the outrage , we closed the station and stopped international trains . 
  now what ? 
  they do n't want to be here and are protesting . 
  germany must accept the trains or stop their inviting rhetoric . 
  i just said that austria does the same thing as the czechs . 
  both are schengen borders . 
  maybe you should have written your response as a top level comment . 
  edit : and the hungary-austria border is schengen , too . 
  should hungary then let them go ? 
  of course not . 
  we 'd get a shitstorm from berlin . 
   do you really believe that basic humanitarian aid should be debatable like that ? 
  `` let 's make no debate about it . '', 
  did money just materialize in front of our eyes by saying these magic words ? 
   also , what is your impression on how the right wing government in hungary influences public opinion on refugees negatively ? 
  they present the issue in a dumbed down populist way for the internal consumption by local hungarians . 
  i do n't like their populist communication , but what they are actually * doing * now is reasonable . 
   we have seen pictures and clips on how hungarian police treats refugees and how jobbik starts to crowd up at the border . 
  are you a troll ? 
  show me these pictures . 
  refugee camps are not closed . 
  they have to `` live there '' in legal terms , that is , be there the most time of the year , that 's the place they can return to for food etc. 
  but if they prefer they can go camping or visit a friend or whatever . 
  it 's not a prison . 
  hungary just happens to be on the way to germany . 
  just as they did n't stop at turkey , nor in greece , nor in macedonia , nor in serbia , similarly they do n't want to stop in hungary and they do n't want to stop in austria either . 
  their destination is germany and has been germany since the first day they left turkey . 
  germany is inviting them with their unofficial rhetoric , so they go . 
  that 's it . 
  the intermediate countries just happen to be on the way . 
  my stomach is turning ... just to think how this will be shown in national news throughout europe and the world . 
  mother with baby on the train tracks , crying father , brutal police pulling their arms ... western european audiences are so naive they think `` why would any refugee pretend this , that does not make sense ?! '', 
  as if they were some innocent babies . 
  on the contrary . 
  many of them pose consciously , talk about `` human rights '' to the camera , complain about lack of water etc , regardless if it 's true or not , because viewers and readers just swallow whatever is said by them .
