  i guess people who are shocked by such maps did n't have globes as children . 
  you can get a pretty good gut intuition for the size of countries/continents if you are used to seeing them on an actual ball . 
  that 's not really a `` fast food restaurant '' . 
  i love the separate toilet rooms . 
  it 's so much more practical for a family , when someone else wants to wash their hands or take a shower . 
  so if i have to pee i do n't have to wait until they finish showering and if i 'm taking a dump , i 'm never disturbed by people who want to wash their hands before eating , etc. 
  of course it 's not such a big problem for richer people who usually have multiple bathrooms , but the single bathroom + toilet is annoying version . 
  i 've never used a bidet in my life and have only seen around two ( in relatively rich people 's houses in buda ) . 
  i do n't really understand how people use it and it feels yucky to rub my asshole with my bare hand every time after taking a dump . 
  it would feel even more disgusting to have a sponge there that everyone uses . 
  excuse me these details but since i eat enough dietary fiber i never felt the need to wash anything as i barely get any material on the toilet paper at all . 
  if i have diarrea or something else goes wrong i just use the shower ( which happens perhaps every few years ) . 
  also , it takes up space and it costs money . 
  it would n't fit into our bathroom . 
  many rural houses have only got a real bathroom in the last few decades ( i can still remember using the outside toilet at my grandparents ' place in the 90s ) . 
  depends on which decision we are talking about . 
  there is the relocation of 160,000 , decided last year and then there 's this upcoming plan of an automatic , renewing relocation scheme ( where we 'd get fined 250,000 $ / migrant ) . 
  in the first case slovakia and hungary think the decision was against european law and have already sued the commission at the european court of justice . 
  but anyway , if we are talking about that decision , how many people have been relocated among those agreeing 22 or so countries ? 
  last i 've heard was around a few hundred , out of 160,000 . 
  on the order of 0.1 % -1 % . 
  hard to blame that on us , is n't it ? 
   cherrypick solidarity with what ? 
  is there some natural disaster going on in france or finland where eastern europe does n't want to help ? 
  no , it 's simply that germany has a different idea of what the moral duty of eastern europe is than the eastern europeans themselves . 
  we do n't see ourselves morally obliged to provide benefits and housing to all the poor people of the world . 
  we have refugee conventions and they contain obligations to very specific , limited cases . 
  today 's uncontrolled mass migration is something entirely different . 
  this is n't about solidarity . 
  it 's about germany trying to impose its will on eastern members , packaged as humanness and morality . 
  explain this `` solidarity '' to the many eastern europeans struggling below the poverty line . 
  my grandparents only got an inside toilet in around 1994 . 
  in hungary we learn the following : prehistory ( \u0151skor , literally `` ancient age '' ) : evolution of humans - 3000 bce ( first written records ) antiquity ( \u00f3kor , `` old age '' ) : 3000 bce - 476 ce ( fall of western roman empire ) middle ages ( k\u00f6z\u00e9pkor , `` middle age '' ) : 476 - 1492 ( columbus ' discovery of america ) or 1526 ( battle of moh\u00e1cs ) modern age ( \u00fajkor , `` new age '' ) : 1492/1526 - 1914 ( start of wwi ) present age ( jelenkor ) : 1914 - present, 
  in hungary we used to have * actual * life imprisonment ( you are only released if you are dead ) . 
  but then the european court of human rights ruled that it 's inhumane . 
  so a potential re-evaluation after 40 years was added . 
  and now in october the court ruled again that this is still inhumane . 
  similar situation in hungary . 
  we had an `` actual life imprisonment '' ( t\u00c9sz ) with no possible re-evaluation at all . 
  then it was ruled inhumane by the european court and then a possible re-evaluation after 40 years was added . 
  now the court ruled that this is still inhumane . 
  i think the colorful ones look less depressing . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.google.hu/maps/@47.4591048,18.9416018,3a,75y,35.24h,109.04t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sl_lvaptrkoeceskuj4ur8a!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) but sometimes they take it too far , like [ this one ] ( https://www.google.hu/maps/@47.5015944,19.1413973,3a,75y,97.74h,102.07t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1su5z9u-igkbydmgygunxgna!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) is too harsh for me . 
  it 's really just a scholarly thing , there 's no actual `` folk-level '' connection , i mean , we do n't have shared legends , cultural or historic ties . 
  they are very far away . 
  it 's simply that linguists found through scientific analysis that our languages are related . 
  it does n't go any deeper . 
  and our languages are still so different that initially people did n't really believe in `` the finno-ugric theory '' . 
  even today there are conspiracy theorists who do n't believe it . 
  the point is , nobody , not even conspiracy theorists could doubt the relatedness of german and swedish , or polish and croatian , so it shows how far our language is from finnish . 
  yeah , there were good centuries around 900-1300 and around the time of king matthias . 
  still no major wars that we won , no major conquests ( except matthias ) , colonies , things like that . 
  most of our heroic , legendary moments are about successfully defending some castles from the turks , but eventually the turks occupied much of hungary anyway . 
  some people think a view becomes ruined if there are visible factories and big chimneys . 
   we lost a lot of territories along the way and we do n't even talk about them right now , do n't meddle in their affairs and we just overall gave them up the difference is that some of those are large areas still populated by a hungarian majority . 
  hungary already felt fucked by history in the 19th century . 
  it 's not a new tendency . 
  the mongols wiped out half the population in the 13th century , then the ottomans occupied much of the country in the 16th century . 
  after getting rid of the ottomans ( and even before ) the austrians took over , forced german to be the official language , a habsburg emperor ruled over us without even getting crowned as king of hungary etc. 
  hungarians felt oppressed by it , which ( together with the general `` national awakenings '' movements across europe ) caused the 1848 revolution that was also crushed ( by russia and austria ) . 
  after the 1867 compromise , hungarians felt like finally they can take back their country after being ruled by ottomans and austrians and yes they abused this newly gained power and encouraged/forced the assimilation of ethnic minorities ( romanians , slovaks etc. ), 
  into being hungarians . 
  meanwhile these minorities had their own national awakening movements in parallel to the hungarian one and first wanted autonomy then independence . 
  the first world war gave them the opportunity to side with the entente and get rewarded with territories . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that the last major success that hungarians could point back to in the 19th century was the conquest of the carpathian basin a 1000 years earlier . 
  after that there were some centuries of stability and then our most glorious moments we can remember are simply about delaying the ottoman occupation by a few years . 
  the moment that national pride could again rise up was after 1867 , when hungary tried to get on with all the modern stuff , build monumental new streets , hero memorials , etc. 
  in 1848 , famous lines by poet pet\u0151fi said  the hungarian name will be beautiful again ,  worthy of its old great fame  what the centuries have smeared on it  we will wipe off the disgrace !, 
  hungarians did n't feel in control at all . 
  but we hungarians have this collective feeling that we are especially and specifically cursed and punished by history and we do n't belong anywhere ( we are n't germanic , are n't slavic or romance ) . 
  this thinking has a long long history , it existed even in the 19th century , before trianon , but the victim mentality just got worse with all the shit that happened in the 20th century ( two lost world wars , 2/3 of the country lost , two dictatorial regimes , shitty economy , lots of public property stolen around the change of system etc. ), 
  this is the baseline atmoshpere that we pick up at school . 
  that flag actually represents the whole of europe . 
  https://europa.eu/european-union/about-eu/symbols/flag_en  the european flag symbolises both the european union and , more broadly , the identity and unity of europe . 
  we also had it separated here in hungary ( budapest ) from about the start of puberty ( age 11-12 i guess ) . 
  but if i try to remember 14-year-old me , i sure would have liked swimming lessons together with the girls of my class . 
  otherwise ( disregarding the potential of seeing them in bikini / bathing suit ) i preferred it this way so i was n't embarrassing myself in front of them with my inferior athletic performance . 
   maybe because poland and hungary went directly to war with ottomans ? 
  not really . 
  it 's a very old story , we do n't really care about it today . 
  we remember the heroes and how some castles were defended etc. 
  but there 's no hate about that anymore . 
  and even in those times , hungarians were split on the issue of hating the habsburgs or the ottomans more . 
  many hungarian national heroes made deals with the ottomans or moved to turkey at old age . 
  some even feel a sort of connection between turkic peoples and hungarians ( due to the contact of these peoples before hungary was even founded ) . 
  and by the way , we do n't really think of the ottomans as `` the muslims '' , but rather as `` the turks '' . 
  and until the immigration crisis of 2015 , people had no bad opinions on muslims . 
  some even thought that even 9/11 was justified , since america had been bombing the middle east and interfered with their issues . 
  and the far-right hungarians used to be rather pro-muslim in general , because of the shared hate of western liberalism , the jews and the us . 
   the 31 % minority hungarians were not enough to disqualify that . 
  i get it . 
  i support the self determination of people ( including kosovo , catalonia , crimea etc. ), 
  but many of the hungarians there lived in majority hungarian cities and areas , along the new border . 
  and then there are the sz\u00e9kely living in a block , but still not having autonomy , although a lot more rights were promised at the dec 1 national assembly . 
  the reason that diplomats do n't go to celebrate this is not simply that it would celebrate a loss of territory . 
  it 's more about the suffering of the hungarian people who could not decide their fate and were forced to become inhabitants of a foreign country without ever moving from their hometowns . 
  again , the issue is not the small number of hungarians dispersed throughout transylvania . 
  if it were just that , then such a diplomatic move would be a lot less justified . 
  but history was n't like that , so hungary ca n't officially celebrate this event . 
   a clear majority of the people of transylvania about 50-60 % were romanians in the whole of transylvania + partium .
