  one may say the roma school is bad because of systematic discrimination , but again , this does n't magically go away , nor will roma kids magically learn to behave in a `` civilized '' way if their parents do n't show a good and productive example to them . 
  beyond human sympathy , we should feel bad because poverty causes conflicts , criminality , weaker national economy etc. 
  i do n't know what we should do . 
  it 's very hard to break cycles like this . 
  forced schooling and taking kids away from this environment could be one way , but many people think it 's inhumane to take kids away from the parents . 
  because they do n't know anything else . 
  they do n't use contraception . 
  they see children as a blessing , and a source of income and help . 
  it 's against human nature to restrict having kids . 
  it only happens in the more educated parts of society who live in a planned and dependable way . 
  it 's easy to blame them but you must recognize that if they had the thinking patterns that enable you to restrict having kids , they 'd probably also figure out a better way to live than this . 
  but they do n't because their own parents also did n't think like that . 
  where should they learn responsible and disciplined life from ? 
  out of thin air ? 
  if they never saw their own parents go to a proper job , if they themselves were n't sent to school properly , how will they magically get enlightened ? 
  yep , as a teenager it 's cool , because you 're not really supposed to do it . 
  but later on in your twenties it 's not an accomplishment . 
  i mean , what kind of skill do you need to drink alcohol ? 
  you open the bottle and just drink it . 
  when you 're not a teenager any more and your parents do n't watch you any more , it does n't even need courage , on the contrary , it 's used mainly as `` liquid courage '' if you 're too scared of doing shit otherwise . 
  i 'm not proud that hungary is so high on the alcohol consumption list . 
  most of it is not `` woo !, 
  yay !, 
  party ! '', 
  consumption but sad and depressed alcoholism . 
  we are talking about tens or hundreds of thousands of people . 
  if they go back to germany , they will just build a camp , riot , cry to the media and un etc. 
  then germany can decide if they let children be out in the cold starving , or if they give welfare to them . 
  let 's not rush things . 
  at this point it 's just the speculation of the index.hu news portal . 
  there is a half-sentence in the proposed modification about the places where the national security organizations can put people . 
  and here it would be added that `` infrastructure , application and content services as defined in a separate law '' . 
  but that separate law does n't exist yet . 
  there has n't been any official confirmation of index.hu 's interpretation , nor a parliamentary debate yet . 
  so it 's a bit early for foreigners to start worrying about our democracy again , based on sensationalized titles . 
  i had no work-related problems like that , sure . 
  but in personal topics there 's a lot of `` uptightness '' so to speak . 
  yeah , as you say , expecting people to do stuff a certain way . 
  like in the student dorm where i lived , if someone left a few plates out in the kitchen to dry , they rather wrote a small note telling them not to do leave plates there , but dry and put them away immediately . 
  you know , i would have been more flexible and just put them in the cupboard while waiting for my food to boil when cooking . 
  little things like this . 
  actually , this * is * a form of being blunt , but not in your face . 
  they would n't come and tell you personally , they 'd leave notes . 
  of course you ca n't generalize from a few experiences , but in general i think germans seem to expect mind reading and they like to give hints instead of straight talk . 
  maybe they feel it 's humiliating to have to ask for things that should go without saying . 
  translation ( of [ a slightly longer hungarian news article ] ( http://www.atv.hu/belfold/20151104-alairasgyujtest-indit-a-fidesz-a-kotelezo-kvota-ellen ) ) : fidesz will launch a petition against the compulsory resettlement quota - said lajos k\u00f3sa , faction leader of the ruling party on wednesday at a budapest press conference , writes news agency mti . 
  according to the politician the eu quota for mandatory settlement of illegal immigrants is pointless , increases terror threat and crime , goes against international conventions and does not constitute a solution to `` the modern-day invasion '' . 
  the petition is titled `` let 's defend the country ! '', 
  and it says `` by joining the petition you say no to the pointless unlawful settlement quotas '' . 
  the faction leader explained the pointlessness of the quotas by saying that people who illegally immigrate to europe primarily came to germany , denmark and sweden , therefore `` these people can not be kept here , only if somehow we make sure of guarding them '' , otherwise `` in defiance of all legislation '' they will return to their original destination country . 
  lajos k\u00f3sa also noted : no one was asked in europe whether they consent to compulsory settlement . 
  he added that hungary is threatened that - without consulting the hungarians - it will have to take and settle as many people as the population of szeged ( third largest city with 163,000 inhabitants ) over the next five years . 
  those who agree that the resettlement quotas are without legal base , contrary to the interests of hungary and the eu , should support the petition of fidesz by their signatures , asked ildik\u00f3 pelczn\u00e9 g\u00e1ll , member of the european parliament and the governing party . 
  the politician stressed that the compulsory quota system is also contrary to eu law , because if the resettled migrants had to compulsorily stay in hungary , they would be restricted in their freedom of movement , which is a fundamental right in the eu . 
  additionally , the quotas mean an invitation to additional millions of people - said ildik\u00f3 pelczn\u00e9 g\u00e1ll . 
  it was the presidency of fidesz that asked the faction to collect signatures , relying on activists in public areas and personally , but they are planning an online possibility as well , said lajos k\u00f3sa , adding that they will try to reach many people in the rest of the year . 
  the result of the protest will be sent to brussels . 
  the faction leader also said that fidesz would call - by law - for the government to challenge the quota decision at the european court . 
  besides , the parliament will also create a law that forbids the government to settle anyone in , in the absence of confirmatory decision by the parliament - he said . 
  the press conference presented , ` protecting the country ! '', 
  the text of the petition goes on : `` by joining the petition , you can say no to the meaningless and unjust resettlement quotas . '', 
  -- related : jobbik supports the petition and will also collect signatures . 
  other parties have n't issued reactions yet , to my knowledge . 
  -- context : earlier today , the hungarian parliament voted with an 84 % majority to reject resettlement quotas . 
  besides governing fidesz and kdnp , the opposition parties of jobbik ( radical right ) and the liberal-green lmp also voted yes , along with several independent liberal leftists such as p\u00e9ter k\u00f3nya ( egy\u00fctt ) and t\u00edmea szab\u00f3 ( pm ) . 
  only the socialist mszp voted no , along with some former socialist and now independent representatives . 
  if it were ethnic hungarian citozens of romania ( e.g. 
  sz\u00e9kelys ) doing it , i 'd say the same . 
  this is not a value judgement . 
  it 's simply incorrect to say romanian . 
  the governing fidesz party is also starting a public petition that citizens can sign . 
  titled `` let 's defend the country ! '', 
  it says `` by joining the petition you say no to the pointless unlawful settlement quotas '' . 
  84 % of the parliament voted yes . 
  besides fidesz , kdnp and jobbik , also the liberal-green lmp , and independent liberal leftists such as p\u00e9ter k\u00f3nya ( does n't love orb\u00e1n , [ see this performance ] ( https://imgur.com/a/d5kvj ) , egy\u00fctt ) and t\u00edmea szab\u00f3 ( pm ) . 
  only the socialist mszp voted no , along with some former socialist and now independent representatives . 
  looking for easily quantifiable things may lead to looking for your lost keys under the street lamp instead of the place where you probably lost it . 
  sure quantifiability is nice and surveys are excellent sources of percentages , but it still does n't convince me . 
  knowing what you 're supposed to say is a big factor in what you say . 
  and the people have basically accepted this system . 
  this is the real genius of democracy , that people accept the situation : if you did n't vote for the pm , you 'll think `` shit , my fellow countrymen are so stupid to elect him , but i 'll have to put up with that , this is democracy '' , if you did vote for him , you 'll say `` well , he 's still the best among the options and if we the people do n't organize better parties then it 's our fault '' . 
  it 's a sense of `` this is what our country apparently wants , even if i personally do n't agree with it '' in many people 's minds . 
  and of course there are many people whose problem is n't corruption per se , but that * they * do n't get the chance to be corrupt . 
  it 's not about a moral principle . 
  common people routinely evade taxes in common situations or bribe doctors and nurses and avoid paying for things unless it 's enforced ( public transport etc ) . 
  in hungary a lot of this is just considered `` being clever '' ( \u00fcgyesked\u00e9s ) or using the `` little doors '' of the law ( kiskapu ) . 
  and politicians are just doing this on a bigger level . 
  you can do proper studies about the questions that i raised . 
  it 's not anecdotal . 
  my problem is with surveys . 
  talk is talk . 
  do we judge african democracies based on whether their official name contains `` democratic '' ? 
  no we look at what actually happens . 
  do n't ask `` are you racist ? 
  '' , `` do you hate muslims ? '', 
  because it 's just * talking * . 
  look at what people actually do and evaluate * that * evidence . 
  if we went by surveys , we could learn that 90 % of drivers have above-average skills , for example . 
  seriously , we always hear about psychological studies showing how biased people are when answering surveys and then we seem to forget it when actually looking at survey results . 
  people want to present themselves as good : to others and to themselves .
