  i do n't think it applies to people crossing borders inside the heart of europe . 
  but i 'm not a lawyer . 
  if some high european court ruled that it indeed means that anyone who is in danger in a certain country gets a free card to cross any border until they reach their dream destination , then we have to protest and refuse that interpretation . 
  if it 's not successful then country after country we have to quit such a refugee convention and make a new , clarified one . 
  i find the free-card interpretation nonsense and crazy . 
   well , it was orban who started to send them , after merkel 's statement , without asking germany and austria before . 
  but well merkel should 've also announced her statement to orban before . 
  both did n't play fair here . 
  i agree that both were n't fair here . 
  there was no other choice for hungary than to let them to the austrian border . 
  it 's a kind of dickish move in some sense , but it was after days of futile efforts to put the migrants into camps . 
  when they heard about germany not sending syrians back to hungary , they got extremely excited and wanted to go to germany and thought hungarians are evil for forcing them to stay in hungary . 
  the alternative would have been to dissolve the crowd marching to austria by police force . 
  germany would have been outraged by that . 
  so hungary said , we load them to just before the border and see what austria does . 
  if they keep them off using police , then they will be in the news , not us . 
   we do n't want to take refugees at all . 
  but they are in europe and somebody has to care about them . 
  and one of the main motives why merkel acted was to take pressure exactly from the balkan route and prevent a humanitarian and political catastrophe there some time later . 
  if you do n't want to take them , then do n't post selfies , do n't decorate train stations with balloons and do n't clap . 
  be quiet , emphasize that the migration is unwanted and that germany will assist greece with any equipment necessary to defend their borders . 
  but if we interpret article 31 as a free card , then of course controls do n't help . 
  if germany keeps to the free-card interpretation , they have no choice and no place to complain . 
  either unilaterally void the geneva obligations of germany , or accept the direct-neighbor interpretation . 
   i am not talking about the new arrivals , just about those who are there , ca n't be sent out of europe anymore , and for humanitarian and political reasons , ca n't be let in any of the non-eu balkan countries ? 
  unless the influx is controlled there is no sense in differentiating between those in europe and those who will come to europe unhindered since some countries accept the free-card interpretation . 
  those who are here are only a fraction of the potential migrants . 
  but what i do n't understand is how you can support the free-travel-anywhere interpretation but at the same time support mandatory quotas , i.e. 
  forcing refugees to countries where they do n't want to be . 
  be consistent . 
  either they can go where they want and then germany keeps them , or they ca n't go where they want and they have to stay in the first safe country . 
  first , the hungarian border is open for legal entry . 
  only the green border ( forests , fields ) are fenced . 
  hungary never claimed that the fence on the hungarian border is a solution . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's an emergency treatment of the immediate problem . 
  the government calls it the `` second best thing to do '' , the first being securing the greek border . 
  but there 's no will to do that , for whatever reasons ( certain interpretations of international law and human rights etc ) . 
  also do n't forget that the schengen agreement is still valid and germany can not invalidate it ( and of course they did n't even try , on the contrary , they emphasize its validity ) . 
  many eu members , including the v4 and the baltics do want the schengen agreement to be enforced as it was signed ( so some of them even sent policemen and soldiers to help hungary with holding up the treaty ) . 
  hungary closed the border because hungary would like to close the greek border , but obviously has no right to do so . 
  but hungary is obliged to defend their own border by the schengen agreement and by their own people . 
   those people are already in europe , they wo n't disappear because we toss them around between european countries . 
  and we ca n't deport them out of europe currently . 
  so somebody has to care for them . 
  sure . 
  not our problem , thanks . 
  germany can not force other countries to take economic migrants who are n't refugees according to the geneva convention ( came through safe countries ) . 
  you have to decide if you are arguing based on feels or law . 
  by law , there is no obligation to take them . 
  if you want to take them based on perceived moral obligation , you can do that in your own country but can not force others . 
   according to the geneva convention they have a right to apply for asylum at the border or in the country , and it 's not legal for punish them for illegal border crossing . 
  i see your name often here so it 's strange you still have n't seen the word `` directly '' in the geneva convention article 31 . 
  i was criticizing the way german media reported the events on the 3rd or 4th september when germany and austria let the migrants in germany . 
  before that they insisted on them staying in hungary ( though their split mind also said that they wo n't send anyone back if they do get to germany despite this insistence ) , but in an extremely weird and surreal way their media still condemned hungary for stopping them from leaving hungary ( by cancelling trains etc ) . 
   how would you like them to stop for entering germany . 
  there is no legal method . 
  i 'm not a german citizen , i have no right to tell them what to do . 
  if they let a zillion-chillion migrants in their own country then that 's what they do . 
  i 'm neutral in the issue . 
  just do it without messing with the countries on the route . 
   border states like hungary hungary is never the first point of entry to the eu for the migrants . 
  they enter in greece or italy ( or potentially from bulgaria ) . 
   could you please check the facts ? 
  the people at keleti were requested repeatedly to be relocated to refugee shelters where they had food & stuff . 
  guess what ? 
  they refused !, 
  apparently not so hungry and desperate . 
   the hungarian police could had forcibly remove them ( and send them to camps ) but then that would had been inhuman ... damned if we do and damn if we do n't . 
  it 's obvious that hungary would be still getting a lot more shit if what 's happening now in croatia & slovenia happened in hungary . 
  like 10 times more shit . 
  i 'm so glad we are not on the route any more , that fence is very very important , i do n't even care how much it cost . 
  i just hope they wo n't come back through romania , but we 'll fence that off as well if they do . 
  winter will come and germany and austria will close their borders . 
  whatever they may be saying now , they * will * close the borders and the migrants will get stuck somewhere . 
  and luckily it wo n't be hungary . 
  selfish ? 
  yes . 
  but after the treatment that we got from the international community and media , i think staying out of the whole shit is the right approach . 
  eu policy is very heavily influenced by germany . 
   taken in the hungarian refugees that 's covered in a very twisted way in germany . 
  she did n't `` take them in '' , nor were they hungary 's refugees . 
  they were n't recognized as refugees in hungary . 
  some have applied for asylum out of necessity but they all just planned to go to germany . 
  they even walked on the motorway on foot just to get there !, 
  what she did was that she did n't stop them from entering germany . 
  she simply opened the gates because the short-term alternative would have been to use the army against the migrants ( and the long term alternative would have been to declare migration as unwanted and to support the protection of the greek border ) . 
  the difference is that the official way would be offered only for a limited number of people . 
  but there are a lot more who wants to come . 
  so they will just come unless they are physically stopped . 
  i do n't know how it is in poland , but many homophobes in hungary think [ this ] ( http://pannon-info.hu/images/stories/meleg_felvonulas_biblia.jpg ) , [ this ] ( http://pannon-info.hu/images/stories/meleg_felvonulas_2010.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://img.444.hu/semjen_kerenyi.jpg ) when they hear `` homosexual '' . 
  the german state 's ard news editor has even admitted doing this . 
  gniffke said in front of experts : `` when camerapeople film refugees they seek out families with small children and big eyes '' . 
  but the truth is that `` 80 percent of the refugees are young , strongly built single men . '', 
  * not all come from war zones . 
  many just live in overcrowded shitty camps , and many just simply live in poor countries and now see the opportunity to start a new life in a rich country . 
  * men can usually tolerate harsher circumstances and do n't have to fear rapes for example . 
  * the trip is expensive and some families can only afford sending one person or none at all . 
  they need to pay for the smugglers , ferries , trains , buses , food etc. 
  it can cost 10,000 eur or more for one person .
