  i 'm not sure when they are free to go in hungary . 
  is it after some preliminary investigation ( have they submitted an asylum application in serbia , are they from unsafe countries etc ) or only after asylum was granted ? 
  but there 's a new bottleneck . 
  the authorities can only process a few hundred per day , working from 6 am to 10 pm . 
  also , the decision is often quickly made . 
  2 bangladeshi people have already been sent back to serbia from the transit zone , with a rejection of their claim of being persecuted in serbia . 
  edit : i do n't know what those 2 people actually claimed , but they were refused . 
  it 's officially called `` crisis situation due to mass immigration '' , a new legal instrument . 
  by the way , the process is as follows : migrant can not cross illegally ( is now a criminal offence , punishable by years in prison or deportation ) , signs show the way to official checkpoint . 
  there , [ right on the border in a container ] ( http://static.origos.hu/s/img/i/1509/20150915migrans-menekultek-hatar-szerbia-horgos.jpg?w=644&amp;h=429 ) , employees of the immigration and citizenship office give a form to the migrant that has to be filled out . 
  this document is a declaration by the migrant about the reason that serbia is not a safe country for him/her , due to some special circumstance ( hungary considers serbia safe , in general ) . 
  they have to prove that they tried to get asylum in serbia but serbia persecutes them for some reason and serbia is therefore unsafe for them . 
  after submitting this document they have to wait a couple of hours or up to 8 days until a decision is made by a court . 
  during this time they get accommodation and food . 
  the migrant gets a free lawyer and interpreter . 
  if it turns out that serbia persecuted these people , they get asylum in hungary . 
  otherwise the migrant has a right to appeal , and their case can be re-heard . 
  if they ca n't prove in court that serbia is unsafe , then they are deported from hungary back to serbia . 
  however , during the process , they are free to go around the country and might illegally leave hungary to the west . 
  the government says approximately a few hundred cases can be started per day . 
  this happens right at the border , so the rest of the people have to wait in serbia . 
  hungary paid charity organizations approximately 700 000 $ to feed people waiting on the serbian side . 
  these rules may deflect the migration route towards croatia and slovenia . 
  edit : declaring this `` crisis situation '' results in making bureaucracy simpler for authorities and gives more rights to them . 
  police may clear areas easier , enter private property for smaller reasons , check vehicles etc. 
  with simpler procedures , buildings can be constructed by the government without long procedures of selecting the construction company , army can help police , no road fees for authority vehicles , cases of illegal border crossings have priority in court , i.e. 
  no other case can be tried before those , etc. 
  hungary criticizes serbia for not only letting them pass but perhaps actively helping and guiding them , perhaps even transporting them . 
  of course serbia criticizes macedonia , which criticizes greece . 
  maybe greece criticizes turkey . 
  if they did n't make more there than in romania , they would n't be there . 
  so either swedes give money to them or they steal . 
  yeah he 's infamous for his anti-hungarianism even in hungary . 
  what not instantly ? 
  what would happen ? 
  will they faint or get a heart attack from seeing female skin ? 
  obviously it 's intended for the safety of the girls . 
  but if merkel changes her mind about dublin or a new chancellor comes along , they may be sent back to hungary , by the current regulations . 
  they should see europe the way it is as soon as possible . 
  / naive actually , of course this is a safety measure because nobody knows how refugees would react . 
  nobody promised that , as far as i know . 
  it was a rumor . 
  it was a domestic train heading to sopron ( which is indeed very near to austria ) . 
  anyway , even in the current case the train was supposed to go to whatever danish city and it was stopped and a standoff with the police happened ( they did n't want to get out because they 'd have to register there ) . 
  same story . 
  greece has a border to bulgaria . 
  they even refused food , just like in hungary . 
  see , western europe ? 
  are you so inhumane , too ? 
  simple . 
  if the immigrant percentage is high , m\u00fcller moves . 
  they are just escaping the inhumane treatment in germany and denmark !!, 
  where is the un ?? 
  where is the eu ?? 
  danish police stopped their trains and made a blockade on the motorway , how can we let this happen ? 
  with some totally inappropriate and propagandistic voiceovers . 
  they are not trying to escape hungarian conditions , but simply go on with their pre-planned journey . 
  also refugee camp conditions are acceptable , in the sense that there is no war , but there is food , water , medicine and tents . 
  the budapest keleti station also has water and civil volunteers are also giving out food , clothes , sleeping bags there . 
  police is actually very nice and this was confirmed by many refugees and volunteer helpers , too . 
  they are not treated brutally . 
  well , believable or not , they let you to a registration camp and take your fingerprints , give you provisional papers and tell you how to get to the camp assigned to you . 
  then the process goes on on an individual level . 
  if someone does n't like the asylum policy of a country ( we 'd need deeper investigations to see who is rejected and who is not ) . 
  many of them actually undergo this procedure after being caught on the border . 
  but then they just go to budapest or go to the austrian border instead of the camps ... 
  very few of them want to stay in hungary for asylum , actually . 
  i do n't know about any actual lies to refugees . 
  stopping the train at bicske was not about lies . 
  the train was headed to sopron , and refugees thought they want to go west . 
  then police asked them to go to the camps , which they refused . 
  this is not my favorite government at all . 
  i criticize them often too . 
  but in this case it 's not deserved in this order of magnitude that we are seeing . 
  you have to be proportional and realistic . 
  have you seen what kind of clashes are going on in greece and italy ? 
  and hungary is called brutal for inviting refugees into a camp with food , water , medicine and supplies , which they refuse and throw away the water and food that 's given to them . 
  i 'm not claiming that the hungarian government is always right . 
  i 'm saying the reaction is excessive and unproductive , it just excites encourages the refugees not to comply . 
  because their passive resistance and marches are effective : the border was opened . 
  a brutal police would have stopped the march of 1500 people from the city center and on to the motorway . 
  but instead , they let it happen and then sent 100 buses to pick them up . 
  that evening austria did n't react and take the calls of hungary . 
  the press secretary said faymann will pick up the phone next morning at 9 am . 
  they only started thinking about some solution , when the hungarian gov said `` fuck it , we ca n't leave all of them on the motorway '' and started the buses anyway ( just up to 2 km of the border and not a meter beyond ) . 
  [ there is an icon of a glass of water on it ] ( http://budapestbeacon.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/screen-shot-2015-08-21-at-6.42.39-am-e1440132270598.png ) . 
  anyway , yes this is part of the chaos and unpreparedness . 
  but how can you prepare for such a thing in the middle of the city , with people who are determined to stay and wo n't allow being transported to the real refugee camps with real supplies ? 
   maybe the goverment should have hired more workers to deal with registration instead of running anti-immigrant billboards . 
  sure the billboards were a very stupid campaign . 
  but you know how crap our bureaucracy is . 
  i mean , even for hungarians ... 
  but western media does n't say hungary is overwhelmed , they say this is outright malice and deliberate brutality . 
  actually the catholic caritas did participate . 
  but sure , the keleti train station is not the place to get accommodation . 
  just think about it . 
  if you put a full-blown refugee camp there in the city center , then * all * of them will come there from all refugee camps around the country ... that would be insane !, 
  absolutely insane . 
  can you imagine thousands of people camping in vienna like that ? 
  of course not and they did n't have to .
