  the alternative is to beat them into a camp with batons . 
  they do n't want to register and nobody can be forced to apply for asylum . 
  true , then they are simply illegal immigrants and should be deported back to croatia , but this is impossible when croatia does not take them back , on the contrary , it brings thousands and thousands of unregistered people . 
  to stop this illegal mess , we are building a fence . 
  if austria gives legal permission to those in croatia or serbia to enter austria with a direct bus or train line ( without even getting off in hungary ) then it 's great , they can all go . 
  but will they keep this up even when there are not 10,000 but 20,000 people daily ? 
  or when there are 50,000 daily ? 
  the numbers are increasing quickly . 
  very misleading , fence towards croatia not `` activated '' yet . 
  each asylum application is examined individually . 
  until now , they have n't found too many people who were persecuted in either serbia or croatia and needed to flee from these countries . 
  they have n't even tried to apply for asylum in those countries !, 
  asylum shopping is n't in any of the treaties . 
  a refugee can not decide to get asylum in hungary if they passed through several safe countries and did n't even try to get asylum there and were n't persecuted there . 
  quick !, 
  find an image of a little girl crying behind the fence !, 
  brutal hungary !, 
  how dare they check who goes in ?!, 
  fascists controlling their borders !, 
  it 's '44 again , oh my god !, 
  no , this is the berlin wall again !!, 
  it 's the korean dmz !!, 
  they want to execute all crying children with machine guns !!, 
  expel them from the eu , expel them from the un , expel them from earth , expel them from the universe !!, 
  every moral country lets everyone in without papers and checks , even if they express their trauma by throwing a few little pieces of rock on police !, 
  it was insane to introduce schengen without strengthening the outside borders and creating a * large * eu-wide border patrol , made up of thousands and thousands . 
  schengen was rushed too quickly , without foresight , in the pink and fluffy fog of `` ode to joy '' and unity and togetherness . 
  thinking that history has stopped , mankind has changed and we reached a utopia . 
   for some strange reason refugees does n't wish to ask asylum from hungarian authorities . 
  they do n't want to risk having to stay in hungary 2 . 
  they know they are n't eligible for hungarian asylum , since they have n't even tried to get asylum in any of the safe countries of greece , macedonia , serbia or croatia . 
  ( just in case someone does n't know the reasons ), 
  that 's not how solidarity works . 
  hungary offered to take part in a common eu-wide operation to gain control over the greece-turkey border and stop the influx . 
  that 's solidarity . 
  this was refused . 
  we ca n't do anything else than say : ok , if you other europeans want this , then very well , but we do n't . 
  solidarity has become a euphemism for forcing other countries to follow the same insane policy as others , despite all the warnings . 
  austria and germany have reintroduced border checks . 
  complain there . 
  we have n't yet done this with slovenia . 
  we might have to , but it makes no sense without a fence ( they can come through the woods ) . 
  there is no reason for optimism , when 10,000 illegal migrants are flowing in currently and there is zero plans for stopping the influx at greece . 
  there will be millions . 
  thanks but we do n't want to get involved . 
  police counts the number of migrants that are caught each day . 
  this chart shows the daily data for this year . 
  you can see how many came on the 1st of january then the 2nd of january etc. 
  each bar is one day . 
  the height corresponds to the number of migrants caught on that day . 
  yesterday 10k = 10,000 migrants were caught . 
  in total , 243,000 arrived this year . 
  they are against the symbolism , actually . 
  especially in germany , it reminds them of the berlin wall . 
  it 's an irrational emotional reaction . 
  i think you are underestimating their efforts . 
  they are risking their lives in the aegean sea and pay thousands of euros already . 
  i think they will find a way . 
  only 59 % for hungary ? 
  i thought it 's basically 100 % , it 's compulsory , is n't it ? 
  anyway , it should be 100 % in all of europe . 
  just saying that we in central europe think the nato would protect us , but i 'm skeptical . 
  they can take a taxi or pay for smugglers inside the countries , to be transported from border to border . 
  also , sealing the northern romanian border seems like a huge task , due to geography , so they could be transported right through there . 
  we are talking about a different thing here . 
  the hungary-croatia fence will be ready for defence any moment now ( perhaps a day or two ) . 
  then only asylum seekers can enter hungary who want to apply for hungarian asylum . 
  it will be basically impossible for them to get asylum , though , because they come from safe countries . 
  but if they can prove that serbia or croatia is persecuting them and they have to flee , they will get the asylum . 
  now . 
  austria does n't like this , because they see this as inhumane . 
  the fence is not good according to them because it keeps out the illegal immigrants who want to enter `` just so '' without registering . 
  orb\u00e1n says , ok austria , if you want them , we will let closed transit buses or trains go through hungary without stopping , from serbia/croatia to austria . 
  if you ask for this , austria , we can organize this . 
  otherwise shut up , and the fence stays defended . 
  `` be humane and welcoming '' there are only vague suggestions , never to the core issue . 
  let them in unchecked ? 
  let them out to austria or keep them inside by force ? 
  register them by force ? 
  send them out ? 
  feed them in the city center or take them to camps ? 
  let them walk on motorways or transport them with buses ? 
  keep them off international trains or put them on international trains ? 
  everything is wrong . 
  germany is simply frustrated with what they caused and having a scapegoat is convenient . 
  they can point at us and assert their moral superiority . 
  it 's always a good feeling . 
  250,000 have entered now this year in hungary , yesterday alone 10,000 . 
  so this is not some theoretical thing . 
  people are here and this is an urgent issue now . 
  this . 
  people think they are walking ... no . 
  they are being transported , by smugglers and governments . 
  it takes around 1-2 weeks for them . 
  they are n't walking . 
  also , if you insist on walking , you can go [ around the mountains . 
  yesterday , they did n't want to ask for eu help ( thousands of soldiers from the 28 members ) to defend the borders of greece . 
  this was one of orb\u00e1n 's proposals , but it was rejected . 
  no , no . 
  we are talking about direct transit ordered by austria from serbia and croatia .
