  we see it as laws being enforced . 
  we see it as `` is it legal or illegal '' , not `` is the goverment intervening or not '' . 
  also laws are n't made by the government but by the parliament . 
   being large and hot does n't have much to do with the existence of rednecks but the word means that your neck is red from the hot sun , from sitting outside all the time etc. 
  the wages are very low , so pretty crappy for most people . 
  but if you have a very good job , as some specialist professional , then it 's good . 
  i mean , you can buy anything , in the sense that there are shops that sell all things you could want , there is a normal infrastructure etc , it 's just that most people can not afford it . 
  most people ca n't afford to go out to proper restaurants , for example . 
  maybe once a year for a birthday or something . 
  check out numbeo.com for price comparisons , and then see how you could live off 300 or 400 $ / month . 
  if it 's beer , then from the beer bottle or beer can . 
  in case of wine , it depends on the kind of party . 
  with students , two friends may be okay with sharing the bottle and swiping it with their sleeves at each turn . 
  but people may also use plastic cups , especially if it 's a big party and they have prepared for it ( like , also some food like crackers or sandwiches ) . 
  with vodka or similar , people often have a few shot glasses that can be used . 
  the american thing is the * red * plastic cups , we use white ones . 
   you end up getting a lot of procedures that you really do n't need , but the doctors will request just so you ca n't sue them later yes , the american justice system is weird seen from here . 
  people sue each other all the time and offen get millions of dollars in compensation for things . 
  you can get ruined financially if you get sued , just to pay the lawyers , even if you turn out to be right . 
  so these risks and costs are an important component in the price of us health care , too . 
   yeah , but there 's a whole public/private thing too , that i do n't see talked about a lot . 
  in europe , most universities are public . 
  for example in hungary , all the top universities are public . 
  there are a few private ones , but they are small and unusual . 
  same in hungary , word for word . 
  in hungary , restaurant waiters , hotel staff and people in other touristy services speak enough english . 
  young people ( below ~ 35 ) also do , especially in budapest . 
  but if you go to some more rural place and try to talk to older people , your chances are very slim . 
  but part of the thrill and charm of travelling to other countries is that it 's a different culture , different language . 
  that 's because there are still millions of hungarians stuck out there who do n't get properly recognized by these countries ( there are areas with above 80-90 % hungarians along the border and in sz\u00e9kely land ) . 
  really like to screw the hungarian minority as an easy way to get votes . 
  there are not many germans left in today 's poland , so they do n't care that much . 
   so what about non-citizens eu citizens from other countries get the same treatment for the same upfront price as citizens . 
  i 'm not sure how it works for people from outside the eu . 
   are they `` rich '' ? 
  no , not exactly . 
  that depends on who you ask . 
  people rarely think they are rich themselves because they see other rich people around them , so it 's very relative . 
  hungarian consumer prices are about half of us prices ( except for imported stuff , like electronics , which cost the same , or are even cheaper in the us ) . 
  so if we cut the $ 75k by half , that is about the equivalent of 860,000 huf in hungary . 
  not sure if you meant before or after taxes . 
  if it 's before taxes , then it would be an it manager 's salary , if you mean $ 75k after taxes , it would be similar to a ceo 's pay ( * after we cut it in half to adjust for lower prices in hungary * ) . 
  so seeing from here , $ 75k seems definitely rich . 
   the increase in demand would be from people who go to the doctor every time they cough - and believe me , we have a lot of those people . 
  yeah , i personally do n't enjoy going to a doctor 's office and sitting in the waiting room with sick , coughing people with fever , with kids being loud , it 's definitely not a pleasant experience at least in hungary . 
  i can imagine it 's more comfortable in the us . 
  i know that americans are generally pretty irratonally afraid of diseases and like to eat medicine like candy , but that 's an issue on its own . 
  in 2008 , the socialist-liberal government of hungary introduced paid visits to the doctor where you had to pay $ 1.1 per visit to the doctor ( and also $ 1.1 per day in a hospital ) . 
  one of the stated reasons was that old people like to go to the doctor 's just to gossip and to have someone listen to them , even if they have no real problems . 
  this did n't really convince people and the opposition initiated a referendum and about 82 % of people voted against these fees and it was a major blow to the socialist-liberal side . 
  this might illustrate people 's attitude , as even $ 1.1 / visit generated major political outrage . 
  how much do you pay for one visit ( flu or similar ) ? 
   the us has this mentality of `` everyone should go to college , because it 's the only way to get a job '' it 's definitely started to be like that in hungary , too . 
  there are really easy universities in small towns scattered around the country , where people study bullshit things like `` communication and media '' or whatever , because they want a diploma . 
  we also have a two-tier system , with a lower and higher category of universities/colleges and not so well-performing students sometimes go these lower ones because they do n't require as many points . 
   it 's a lot harder to go to 4-year university than it is in the us . 
  nah , not really . 
  in hungary , last year there were 105,000 applicants and 75,000 got accepted . 
  maybe not at the best ones , but it 's also not easy to get admitted to really good us universities either . 
  also in hungary , if you 're willing to pay for it , you can get in a university with a lower number of points , too . 
  universities draw two lines each year : one for the state-financed point limit and one for the paid version . 
  the tuition fee ( if you do n't have enough points for the state-financed programme ) for computer engineering b.sc . 
  at the best hungarian tech university is $ 2,179 / year . 
  but anyways , it 's really not that hard to get into the state-financed version . 
  the problem is not getting in , but staying in . 
  they already admit students who have a very hard time doing all the math etc. 
  involved in getting a stem degree . 
  about half of the students in computer engineering drop out at the best university . 
  but you still get the chance of trying it . 
  strange . 
  hungarians who are into fashion definitely would n't say that hungarians `` dress well '' in general . 
  also , communism is irrelevant for the young people of today . 
  it 's been 26 years since then . 
  today 's young people have absolutely no memories of communism . 
  i also do n't think people pay too much attention to dressing well here . 
  people just dress differently to work/school than home . 
  i mean guys will just wear some jeans and t-shirt or buttoned shirt . 
  what 's so complicated about that ? 
  it 's not like most people are reading the newest italian fashion magazines . 
   do people in countries with single-payer healthcare and `` free '' college feel like they 're paying too much in tax ? 
  or is it more of a `` well , our taxes are higher , but that 's ok because we get a lot more out of it '' mentality ? 
  in hungary people feel they pay too much taxes , definitely . 
  we 're paying a lot of taxes and get crappy health care , where we have to pay the doctors and nurses in secret , otherwise they do n't pay as much attention . 
  ( doctors and especially nurses get very little salary in state hospitals - that 's why many of them are leaving for sweden/uk/germany / austria etc. ) . 
  most people , however , support the idea of `` tax the rich '' , because there are few rich people in the us/western europe sense . 
  the average salary after taxes is just above 500 $ / month ( around $ 7000/year , and the expenses are very similar , except rent is cheaper , but most people own their houses - which actually leads other problems ; restaurants etc. 
  are also somewhat cheaper but most people still ca n't afford them on a regular basis ) . 
  we usually really hate rich people and the first assumption about them is that they made their fortune illegally , by stealing tax money , by having high connections , scamming , etc. , while americans usually adore rich people and are happy for their successes etc. 
   how does your country manage the costs ? 
  specifically regarding colleges , my german coworker has described to me how there 's three `` levels '' of what we call high school , and you can only go to what we call college if you finish on the top track . 
  we have a similar system , but i would n't say only top-track students can study . 
  at the end of secondary school ( age 18 ) , we have a big exam of several subjects ( math , history , literature , one foreign language , plus an elective like physics or biology etc ) . 
  then there 's a complicated calculation involving these exam results and the results of your last 2 years in secondary school ( we get notes for each subject at the end of every year for our performance during the whole year ) . 
  you can have smaller amounts of extra points for various reasons , like having languge certificates , sports achievements , being pregnant , poor etc. 
  ( these are n't large amounts of points ) . 
  then there 's a central system where you apply for universities and based on your points vs. the points of others who want to go to that university , you either get a place or you do n't . 
  most people apply to several universities , so if they ca n't get into the best , then they at least get a place somewhere . 
  we do n't have to pay for university , in fact , we get money if we study well - automatically , based on our exam results , approx . 
  100-130 $ / month if you study really well . 
  student accommodation is very cheap in university facilities as well ( around 40 $ / month in rooms of 4 people , not single rooms as in western europe ) , but not everyone gets a place there , only those who study well or are poor .
