  hungarians use it since around the 18th century . 
  european food was pretty shitty before the spread of american vegetables like potato , tomato , corn , paprika , bean ... 
  then they ask if we speak german there . 
  then russian ? 
   all those from war-torn countries do you mean the entire civilians population in those countries , or just the entire civilian population of a few major cities ? 
  or do you think the current system is the good one where the poorest people in the most desperate situations have no chance of leaving and europe takes those who 'll pay the traffickers and take the risk of illegally crossing borders ? 
  `` eastern neighbor of austria '' else i start naming the other 6 neighbors , or simply say central europe if they do n't know any of them . 
  streisand effect much ? 
  never heard of this , yet . 
  why post old data if there is newer data ? 
  there are basically zero yugos and trabants in budapest since quite some time . 
  maybe you 'll find a few trabants in poor villages , but you 'd have to search for them . 
  hungary and eastern central europe is not as backward as some imagine . 
  sure people are a poorer than in western europe and the salaries are crap but budapest does n't look more run-down than cities in western europe at all . 
  the problem is that we are trying to make war seem like some `` glitch in the matrix '' , something that is n't supposed to happen . 
  but most parts of the world have not gone through the enlightenment and humanist revolution of ideologies that europe has . 
  they still live in the ideological middle ages and fight tribal and sectarian wars for power and resources . 
  we ca n't handle their case pretending that their way of life is the same as in europe . 
  wars and violent conflicts have been normal throughout the whole of history , except in europe and other developed countries for the last couple of decades . 
  you ca n't simply wish it away and solve it by moving the population to another continent . 
  sunni and shia followers will just bring the conflict with them into european countries . 
  if you truly believe that every person has the right to live in a stable country , why should n't we take the * entire * population of non-stable countries ? 
  why does n't western europe send planes to rescue the whole population of syria and libya or somalia ? 
  why ? 
  what 's the reason ? 
  instead , they support a very risky journey for the part of the population who can afford it and has the opportunity to escape . 
  is this fair ? 
  there are tens of millions of people there . 
  why not take them * all * ? 
  they 're all in non-stable countries , you see . 
  i learned these from russian roadcam car accident videos . 
  well , of course it would need to be organized fairly , with the romanian government 's apparatus plus all sorts of observers . 
  i mean , why would anyone want to force the hungarians to want autonomy ? 
  i do n't understand what these fears are about . 
  what would the hungarians suddenly do if they got this autonomy ? 
  they 'd probably put up some more sz\u00e9kely flags , feel better about making local decisions and be happier citizens . 
  i do n't get what the fuss is all about . 
  do you think they will then shift the goalposts and go for independence ? 
  how exactly ? 
  how would it be a viable country on its own in the middle of romania , up in the mountains ? 
  with the support of hungary ? 
  it 's totally impractical and unrealistic if you start thinking about it ... 
   most hungarians do n't care or do n't want it let the people vote in a referendum then . 
  while the 90 % + area is pretty large , it 's true that they are less densely populated . 
  [ map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/maghiarii_din_romania_%282002%29.png ) , so maybe overall it would be around 75-80 % , i do n't know . 
  the independence movement of south ossetia and abkhazia are backed by russia , a pretty big power . 
  they are n't viable alone either . 
  so you 'd have to dream up some weird puppet state inside romania , supported by hungary , by airplanes ( ? ), 
  and whatever . 
  never mind that hungary is a military and economic ally of romania , and romania could just shut the land roads towards sz\u00e9kely land , close its airspace to hungarian planes , whatever . 
  i mean , you 'd need to smoke some really good shit to imagine such a scenario among allied countries ... 
  it would be easier to just understand that a local autonomy similar to south tyrol is something totally different and well-known , uncontroversial solution all over the world . 
  your comparisons make no sense . 
  the big difference is that practically nobody in sz\u00e9kely land wants to create an independent state and there is zero political backing to any such idea there . 
  russia and georgia were at war just a couple of years ago , while hungary and romania are both in nato and eu , we are allies . 
  you just demonstrated the exact paranoia that i was talking about . 
  yeah , i know about that . 
  it 's crazy because these people think that the literal letter of the law and accidental legal flukes are set in stone or rather encoded into the fabric of the universe . 
  they are the ultimate prescriptivists , who can also believe for example that a whole nation of native speakers of a language can all be wrong about the `` meaning '' of a word for example . 
  it 's some extreme platonism , not recognizing that actual power and political will rules the world , and the official documentation of it is just that , documentation . 
  if the consensus changes , documents and laws are updated . 
  their philosophy seems to be similar to the `` sovereign citizens '' and `` free men on the land '' in the us , who claim that they did not sign a contract with the states and they operate directly under the us constitution , that `` persons '' are fictional legal entities , `` corporations '' and they are n't `` persons '' , but `` individuals '' ... crazy people . 
  well , i like to think about these things that only exist on paper sometimes ( cgp grey likes to dive into similar things , too ) , but it 's basically irrelevant from a practical point of view , i think . 
  the * de facto * political consensus almost always trumps theoretical stuff . 
  i doubt anyone could imagine that the sz\u00e9kely land could ever function as an independent country ( like kosovo ) . 
  come on , it 's in the middle of romania , in the mountains , with no really big cities , it 's not viable at all . 
  they simply want local autonomy to be able to make their own local decisions instead of everything being decided from bucharest . 
  i find it sad that romanian politicians can still play to romanian people 's fear of border changes . 
  there 's no way it could ever work internationally . 
  other more devout muslims are not very nice to these moderate , integrating , `` cultural '' muslims as i heard . 
  they are seen as traitors , basically . 
  islam is not some club that you can just quit . 
   or ** 1990 ** as some people would argue who are these people , and what are you referring to here ? 
  yeah , thank that to romanian propaganda ... actually , in hungary , the whole political spectrum from far left to center to far right support the sz\u00e9kely in their autonomy initiative . 
  it 's not an extreme position at all . 
  autonomy is a very common european institution . 
  it would be a no-brainer in more developed parts of europe . 
  i mean , it 's a region where above 90 % of the inhabitants are of a different but autochtonous ethnicity ( i.e. 
  have been living there for centuries ) . 
  south tyrol could be a perfect role model for this . 
   bulgaria hungary ( stripes in different order ) . 
  rtl is quite big , but people do n't know much about who owns tv channels and publishers . 
   2nd or 3rd generation muslims must be even less fundamentalistic unfortunately this is n't always true . 
  the new generations sometimes get into a sort of `` identity crisis '' as adolescents , trying to find their roots and they can become more fundamentalist than their parents . 
  of course the opposite happens too , it largely depends on how well they are integrated . 
  i 've never heard of them either . 
  we do n't hear much about these huge companies in the background , only about the more front-facing ones ( like tv channels , newspapers etc ) . 
  i think `` pure evil '' is a religious concept to dehumanize the enemy . 
  no not even hitler and stalin were pure evil , it 's a huge huge mistake to imagine them so because you wo n't recognize the real evilness in the real world . 
  average people of the time followed hitler and liked him . 
  this does not make his crimes any less horrible !, 
  but the `` pure evil '' caricatures are always propaganda for the simple-minded people . 
  what i mean is that when exploring the background of this , it 's lazy to stop at labeling them simply as crazy assholes who are simply evil and therefore do their evil stuff . 
  it 's bad because people will imagine that `` evil '' ideologies are caricature-like , and wo n't be `` protected '' against indoctrination in all sorts of ideologies ( more generally , not specifically about isis ) . 
  i mean , when an supporter of anything `` evil '' explains his reasons , he 'll speak in coherent sentences and his story will make sense on a certain level . 
  so `` unprepared '' people may be more easily recruited , since they think it 's just so different from `` evil bad guy talk '' . 
  that 's why i do n't like when people depict them as stone age savages . 
  i mean , sure some common people do live in ignorance , but those who plan these big acts are n't just acting on caveman-like primal urges of violence . 
  they are not stupid people , they are running a large organization and carefully plan their strategy . 
  people can put their great minds to terrible uses due to ideologies , religions and indoctrination , it 's the most frightening thing .
