  but to say that democracy is in any way under threat is just short-sighted political propaganda and malice . 
  i 'm no orb\u00e1n-fan . 
  he often says stupid things , and he 's really conservative , talking for example too much about `` christian values '' for my taste as a secularist and atheist . 
  or the way he handles the agricultural lands , where a few privileged families get to buy them instead of small farmer families . 
  it 's definitely not like northern europe , there is corruption etc. 
  but we have to make it clear that it is n't an oppressive regime and political left is competing for attention in the media and the more they exaggerate the more they think they can weaken the government . 
  it got out of hand and now anyone who 'd like to cool the debate a bit is seen as a traitor of this `` end justifies the means '' approach . 
  of course i ca n't convince you in a single comment . 
  you 'd need to immerse yourself in hungarian culture , history , everyday lives and realities . 
  it 's really difficult to understand and pass sensible judgement from afar . 
  i just translated the title to simple english . 
  if refugees were able to pick freely in which country they get asylum , then their dream-eu would disappear/collapse . 
  they are in jeans and t-shirt . 
  i wrote in another place : probably in syria , turkey , lebanon . 
  they and the young children and the injured people ca n't make the balkan route as easily . 
  they are left there in the middle east and nobody cares about them . 
  germany says `` if you can manage to come to germany by illegal means , i 'll welcome you will open arms and you 'll get to stay . 
  oh you ca n't make the journey crossing 8 countries illegally ? 
  tough luck !, 
  cant afford to pay the human smugglers ? 
  better find some money then ! '', 
   do men just leave their wives/families ? 
  temporarily , probably . 
  they hope to get to germany , get asylum and then bring their families in a simpler procedure instead of being smuggled across 8 countries . 
  i guess something like that is the plan . 
  but many of them may be bachelors , 18-20 year olds , who have no wife or kids . 
  germany considers them refugees . 
  i do n't think it 's strictly forbidden for them to travel around the country by train . 
  but police did n't let them in the station for some reason . 
   also why does hungary care so much about the documents if they know that they will leave the country anyway ? 
  international obligations and eu law . 
  we are a schengen and eu border country . 
  we have to abide by the treaties . 
  we have to register these people in refugee camps , but they do n't want it and escape , and some got aggressive , some went on a hunger strike and refused to get off the train to go to the camp ... 
  so now hungary ca n't do anything . 
  but the motorway needs to be cleared and the train lines must be restored in keleti as well . 
  the chaos ca n't go on forever . 
  so now they offer them the ride to the border and we 'll see . 
  the international media , especially the german media is extremely biased and manipulative about hungary ever since orb\u00e1n is the pm . 
  of course some of it is true , but it gets exaggerated and sensationalized quite a lot . 
  generally they are criticizing vague things like being too authoritarian , being too much against freedom etc , without concrete things to point out . 
  [ a german article about exaggerations ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article142320319/viktor-orban-liebt-die-provokation.html ), 
  livestream from keleti https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blbyxbomuhs, 
  hungary ca n't let them board international trains , because they 'd need valid documents for that . 
  this bus ride is not international , it 's just to the last village , to the border crossing . 
  refugees can move freely , and clearly they are walking on the motorway towards the border . 
  so hungary offers to help them make the trip to the border , but not any further . 
  hungary is currently sending more than 100 buses to offer a ride for the walking asylum seekers and all people at the budapest-keleti station to hegyeshalom , the last village in hungary before the austrian border . 
  there , asylum seekers get off the bus and do what they please and what austrian authorities suggest/allow . 
  the hungarian government says they are getting no help or communication from austria and germany and the people can not stay on the motorway for the night due to safety reasons , so they give them a ride . 
  update : austria and germany take them . 
  [ source ] ( http://index.hu/belfold/2015/09/04/lazar/ ) [ livestream from budapest keleti railway station ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blbyxbomuhs ), 
  hungary is currently sending more than 100 buses to offer a ride for the walking asylum seekers and all people at the budapest-keleti station to hegyeshalom , the last village in hungary before the austrian border . 
  there , asylum seekers get off the bus and do what they please and what austrian authorities suggest/allow . 
  the hungarian government says they are getting no help or communication from austria and germany and the people can not stay on the motorway for the night due to safety reasons , so they give them a ride . 
  [ source ] ( http://index.hu/belfold/2015/09/04/lazar/ ), 
  what do you mean about using them as pressure ? 
  what is your concrete suggestion ? 
  put them in the camps with the riot police , tear gas and water cannons ? 
  they go on hunger strike at the train station near the refugee camp bicske and wo n't get off the train . 
  then if they have to wait a few days to get their registration done , they get impatient and escape the camps and go walking on the train tracks ( yes there is another crowd walking on tracks , besides those on the motorway ) . 
  meanwhile , nobody gives any concrete suggestions , just criticism . 
  german diplomats should speak to this crowd in arabic and tell them they can go to germany once they are registered in hungary as per eu regulations ( assuming that 's the case ) . 
  or something . 
  but right now hungary is totally left alone to do something with them , against their will . 
  every day 2000 more come in from the southern border but austria wo n't let them out , so they are crowding up . 
  they do n't want to hear about any camp or anything , just about going to germany . 
  so why is n't the ambassador there ? 
  in syria , turkey , lebanon . 
  they and the young children and the injured people ca n't make the balkan route . 
  they are left there and nobody cares about them . 
  germany says `` if you can manage to come to germany by illegal means , i 'll welcome you will open arms and you 'll get to stay . 
  oh you ca n't make the journey crossing 8 countries illegally ? 
  tough luck !, 
  cant afford to pay the human smugglers ? 
  better find some money then ! '', 
  just like the uk , germany should also take the refugees directly from syria , turkey and lebanon . 
  it is inhumane to make them go through the whole balkan route . 
  this is absolutely unacceptable . 
  it 's a hunger strike . 
  locals are bringing them supplies ( food , water , baby carriages ) . 
  the question is rather where they are going to sleep . 
  my guess is that they will go in the refugee camp nearby . 
  they are about 7 km from there , so about 2 more hours . 
  i do n't think that they will be allowed to walk there in the dark . 
  so they will be guided to the refugee camp . 
  maybe they 'll borrow the idea . 
  germany is prepared for 800,000 people this year . 
  i think it 's only been 200,000 till this day , so another 600,000 is still in their expectations , so yes , accommodation and monthly allowance . 
  it * is * madness , because germany says they are very welcoming and hospitable , but to whom ? 
  germany expects them to undertake the illegal and dangerous journey through the balkans and reward those who successfully make it . 
  what about the wounded ? 
  what about the elderly ? 
  the large families ? 
  now they are mostly men around 18-25 . 
  why not send some planes or trains directly to turkey and take them to germany directly to give all of them equal opportunity , not just those who will risk their lives ? 
  how * dare * merkel say anything about being humanitarian when she encourages this insane procedure of forcing people to cross through the balkans by whatever means , illegally , by smugglers who take 10,000 $ ... 
  this is barbaric . 
  i 'm pretty sure * something * will happen until that . 
  i ca n't really imagine that they will march on for more than a week ...
