  it might be embarrassing if someone sees my penis , but is it something of `` value '' ? 
  it 's similar to virginity , which is valued for girls , but is seen as the sign of a loser for boys . 
  i know this is not a progressive description of genders , but this is how our society works . 
  exactly . 
  you can show them to people on your own phone , computer or printed . 
  but if you want to keep them private , never send them to someone else . 
  the facebook generation has become very lax in what private things they send to other people and to companies . 
  and then when they realize it 's already too late . 
  be careful in who you trust and with what . 
   i \u00b4 d guess this law is overwhelmingly didcated to men ( gender ) obviously , since a leaked nude picture of a woman is more damaging to their reputation than for a man . 
   * keeping nudes is a risk : most people have poor computer security and poor cloud backup passwords , and they could be leaked this does not change with the break-up . 
  they had shitty security while in the relationship , too . 
  they could easily leak out , even when you stay together . 
  publishing and keeping them for yourself , privately are totally different things . 
  people here argue against sharing them , publshing them , using them as revenge porn etc. 
  sure , that 's illegal . 
  but simply keeping something that was given to you should be allowed ... also , any decent person would delete them at request . 
  but being decent and nice is not a legal requirement . 
  sometimes we misjudge people , but we do n't get to undo everything . 
  just keeping the photo and looking at it every now and then does no harm to the person depicted in the photo . 
  anything else is voodoo magic thinking . 
  now , * sharing * them * does * harm and therefore should be illegal . 
  but arguing that you might accidentally lose them or they may be stolen from you is presuming too much . 
  if that happens , we go after the person who stole it and punish them . 
  it 's funny how everyone answers `` we do that too sometimes !, 
  '' , any time i tell this to people . 
  as if it 's so difficult to wrap your heads around the fact that it 's totally different . 
  in hungarian there 's no other way , also no comma . 
  it 's not for practicality or sorting or official cases or anything . 
  it 's not a secondary way of writing names but the only way , the single possibility and it feels totally weird and strange when we have to switch it over to the other order . 
  especially as kids we thought it felt like becoming american movie stars or singers . 
  it feels really pretentious . 
  it 's also a way to mock people that others feel are n't `` hungarian enough '' in the heart . 
  similarly to leaving the accent marks off . 
  the only difference is that the person who takes the picture holds the copyright . 
  but i do n't think this is a matter of copyright . 
  once you give a copy to someone , they have it . 
  revoking it just because they do n't like you any more is absurd to me . 
  what 's the difference though ? 
  undies okay ? 
  pic of grabbing ass okay ? 
  what about naughty chat logs ? 
  or intimate love letters ? 
  what if someone is less visually stimulated and more by text and they will masturbate to those chat logs or intimate letters ? 
  can i make them forget because i feel uncomfortable with the knowledge that they are jerking off to my imagination ? 
  this is becoming like thought policing . 
  nudes are high risk photos . 
  you trusted them to someone , so you now have to live with the fact of this trust . 
  * however * , if your ex * shares * it further , that 's illegal . 
  but taking back something that you gave away is tyranny . 
  it has nothing to do with you any more . 
  someone looking at a picture you gave them does not concern you in any way . 
  we learn this in kindergarten . 
  you ca n't take back things that you gave away . 
  what is not okay ? 
  if your ex gave you nudes , is it immoral to keep those pics as a reminder , or to masturbate to those pics ? 
  giving it away to third parties is of course `` not okay '' , but keeping them should be allowed . 
  yes , it may not be healthy to mentally cling to your ex like that , but it 's your own problem , your ex has nothing to do with it any more . 
  it 's like requesting to burn all the love letters and holiday photos . 
  this is stupid . 
  if your ex gave such a photo to you , it 's yours . 
  of course you are not allowed to share it with anyone else , but it 's absurd to `` revoke '' things like that . 
  we seem to forget about responsible future-conscious thinking and try to make real life be like computer programs where you can `` undo '' anything when you change your mind . 
  in real life there are consequences and there 's responsible planning . 
  you gave nudes to some person who you now realize is an asshole ? 
  well , that was a bad decision then , but that person ( and only that person ) now gets to masturbate to those pics till their death and it 's not in your power to forbid it . 
  sometimes , yeah . 
  they also do it in parts of austria and germany . 
  but it 's very different , because in hungarian it 's the only order that exists . 
  whether you 're reading about a 19th century poet in an encyclopedia , writing a comment about a politician or casually mention your full name to someone it 's always this order , not just in specific scenarios . 
  the other order does not exist , at all , ever . 
  it was a fun thing as kids to switch our names to make it sound like american movie stars or other foreigners . 
  it sounded very glamourous and pretentious . 
  by the way , it comes from grammar . 
  in hungarian , surnames are basically adjectives and the given names are handled like nouns , so their natural order is adjective-noun . 
  like `` small peter '' or `` new yorker joe '' . 
  but in most other european languages surnames were originally used like `` peter , the small ( one ) '' and `` joe from/of new york '' so the order got fixed like that . 
  russian names are widely known to be given name - patronymic - surname . 
  i guess it 's hard for people to understand that i do n't mean just official lists or other narrow circumstances . 
  names in hungary are * always * surname first , not just sometimes , but al-ways . 
  sometimes is sometimes . 
  i mean always . 
  not just when sorting alphabetically or similar things . 
  every name is said every time in this order . 
  the other order does not exist at all , ever . 
  whether saying names casually or officially , in newspapers or anywhere , it 's always just surname - given name . 
  we put the surname before the given name . 
  not just in phone books or lists , but every time a name is mentioned , we say it surname first . 
  the given-name-first order simply does not exist in hungary . 
  we are the only country to do this in europe , but east asian countries do similarly . 
  more generally , we use everything in the broad-to-narrow order . 
  dates are year-month-day , addresses are city-street-house etc. 
  films of bud spencer & terence hill , e.g. 
  the fight before christmas ( botte di natale ) . 
  ( and home alone ) . 
  and a lot harder to measure . 
  you can measure your bmi in a 2 minutes at home . 
  not so with body fat . 
  another good indicator is waist circumference . 
  translation is a difficult thing .
