  you know after seeing this flood of 2000 people entering every day , thousands of people who occupy the train station for days , do n't cooperate with police , march on the motorway etc. 
  it can make the average person to think `` oh , so this is what it 's like when there are refugees in the country ? 
  then rather no quotas please '' . 
  but there are also many helpers who may get to like them and build an emotional attachment to their stories etc. 
  it 's hard to say what will happen . 
  i agree that a quota system is not impossible , but it all needs to be controlled a lot better . 
  the eu should not leave border control to just the border countries . 
  hungary is being overwhelmed and can not process them fast enough . 
  they get in illegally instead of through the official border crossing checkpoints . 
  police has to chase them and capture them to make them register . 
  there should be eu registration camps within 100 meters of the eu border , with eu joint forces making sure that every single person goes through the official procedure there and does n't just rush in the country in a chaotic way . 
  then make the joint refugee authorities guide the people through the process instead of the current situation where refugees refuse to cooperate with hungarian authorities because they fear they can never get to germany once they are fingerprinted in hungary . 
  so it makes handling and instructing them incredibly hard , see the march on the motorway ... 
  so the first step is gaining control at the borders . 
   `` natural '' filter i think it 's intentional . 
  germany and the netherlands get these early rich refugees , they start the procedures , also they 'll fish out the best integrable people from the later waves and quota-send the rest to other countries . 
  speculation , and i hope it 's not true , but it 's a possibility . 
  otherwise why do n't they take refugees who are most in need , from turkey and jordan etc camps directly ? 
  large families , wounded people , older people etc ? 
  now they filter them through the ability to pay for crossing 8 countries illegally in a dangerous journey . 
  of course most are middle-class healthy young men , due to this filter . 
  but media will not show this , they focus on the minority , the women and babies in newspaper cover images and news background images with voiceovers . 
  the media puts the focus on these stranded people in budapest for example . 
  at most 5000 people , plus another couple thousands around hungary , in the camps . 
  compare that with the 160,000 figure , the number of illegal entries into hungary this year . 
  where are all these people ? 
  have you heard anything about trains after trains transporting more than a 100 thousand refugees from hungary to germany ? 
  officially we had a few trains on sunday , maybe 3600 people . 
  now today maybe 10,000 . 
  meanwhile merkel commends hungary 's diligence in registering ( or trying to register the refugees as required by eu law ) . 
  so where is the rest of the 160,000 ? 
  the 3 refugee camps in hungary can only host about a 1000 people each ( even that only barely ) . 
  the answer is , they moved on illegally . 
  they are n't kept in closed camps , they can get in a smuggler van and arrive in a few hours in germany ( without going through any regular checks since it 's schengen ) . 
  there is a lot of stuff going on behind the curtains , out of media attention . 
  the majority of the people are getting smuggled through by the tens of thousands and we just stop to get shocked by the inhumane conditions on the truck to austria with 71 dead , and singular events like that . 
  we watch the few thousand people at keleti station , when they are actually a small minority of all migrants moving through hungary towards germany . 
  what is your cutoff ? 
  what does the dutch government say now ? 
  do they support germany 's idea about the quota system ? 
  some thought provoking ideas about the ode to joy by zizek : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm9ers90gte, 
  how can that be ? 
  i know several hungarians working in germany , in restaurants , bakeries , car washes , supermarkets etc. 
  even some with university degrees ( not arts but engineering ) . 
  now these are anecdotes and the reasons for working that and there are individually different in each case ( family situation etc ) but from what they say , even working such `` low '' jobs they can put enough money aside to be able to travel , collect money for starting a family etc. 
  in hungary if you work these kinds of jobs , then starting an independent life and a family is very very hard . 
  edit : also the expression `` everyday money problems '' can mean so many different things . 
  i think you can live decently even on hartz iv , in the sense that you can eat good food , rent and maintain an apartment , pay bills and generally be in relative comfort . 
  do you mean the mentality or the standard of living thing ? 
  i 've never lived in austria , i was only there as a tourist . 
  i 've lived in germany and as i see people have the mental energy , the freedom of financial security to think about conceptual , intellectual things . 
  they do n't worry about paying the high heating costs or the medicine for grandpa etc. 
  people seem to know a fair amount of what 's happening around the world at least on an interest level . 
  maybe it 's selection bias , i 'm not sure . 
  but if i go to a magazine stand , then so many magazines are of high niveau , where the cover articles ask things like `` who am i '' , `` how do i unfold personality '' , `` what is happiness '' , `` how should we raise our kids '' , philosophical stuff like that . 
  sure there is bild and junk papers , too , but still . 
  people do n't seem resigned , they feel what they do matters , the good economy gives confidence etc. 
  now maybe lumping together switzerland , germany , austria , netherlands is only a good idea from far away , i can only go by my impressions . 
  as i understand , the author probably tries to illustrate that if you single out an individual or a family , you feel that obviously they need help and should get all help we can give . 
  but when we see a crowd , a nation , millions , then we have to think more `` strategically '' , considering more things than simply our emotional reaction and empathy . 
  separately , each and every one of them deserves to come , but together it 's impossible . 
  there are millions of refugees already in the middle east in bad conditions . 
  but taking them all is very difficult and will set a precedent . 
  edit : typo, 
  that 's an estimate about the us , and quite frankly , the 3.5 % for lgbt seems underestimated to me and the 0.3 % trans * seems * overestimated , but that 's just my guess . 
  do you have more sources , perhaps also for europe ( since this is / r/europe ), 
  is this really an issue ? 
  1 ) why care what the pope says ? 
  2 ) how many transgender people are there in europe ? 
  is this really a substantive issue ? 
  or is it perhaps a holier-than-thou i 'm - so-tolerant game ? 
  are these articles really about a rights and freedoms movement or rather the clickbait equivalents of freakshows of earlier times ? 
  switzerland , germany , austria , netherlands : no everyday money problems . 
  even factoring in the cost of living , salaries are very high * , people are educated , open , mentally balanced , hopeful . 
  if you have a good salary , budapest is very nice , too . 
  the countryside of hungary is quite boring , though . 
  * = meaning you can live , go out to caf\u00e9s , restaurants , vacations abroad , have a car , put money aside every month , have emergency money for unexpected expenses , able to afford having children etc. 
  these are default there , they do n't see it as particularly `` high '' standard of living . 
  they simply wear jeans and t-shirts . 
  perhaps some of it from donations . 
  also , just because you flee from war and must leave your home due to local dangers , it does n't mean you are dirt poor in rags . 
  edit : also , they are n't the poorest , because the poorest ca n't afford the journey from turkey to germany ( balkan route ) . 
  the poorest are left in syria , lebanon , turkey . 
  nobody gives a fuck about those people , apparently . 
  they probably meant the video where they refused food and water because they demanded to be taken towards west by train , towards germany . 
  police wanted to direct them to the refugee camp near the train stop , but they refused to cooperate , fearing that registering in hungary would mean they do n't get to go to germany in the future and will be stuck in hungary . 
  that 's a wrong impression and is generated by the opposition in hungary . 
  you 'd need to understand the political `` culture '' of hungary . 
  the debates are always extremely emotionally heated and many people have fixed pro-government or anti-government feelings , and level-headed debate is basically non-existent . 
  it 's basically a small political cold war since about 20 years . 
  it 's so much exaggerated and taken to insane levels politically that it can be hard for outsiders to understand . 
  the labels ` dictator ' , ` fascist ' etc. 
  fly around so easily that it has almost lost the meaning . 
  the opposition is not interested in the welfare of hungarians , but to generate turmoil and to complain and diss the government in foreign countries . 
  the problem is similar to what happens in / r/europe . 
  if you 're not 100 % with a side , then you are thought to be totally against them . 
  so everyone proves their loyalty by saying more and more outrageous and baseless things . 
  also , the socialists and liberals ( be careful with political labels - they do n't mean the same in every country ) have much more western media connections and often directly give their pre-digested narrative to international media . 
  orb\u00e1n is by far no perfect pm . 
  some of the criticism is spot-on , and he is in fact a populist in his communication for very simple-minded people .
