  it 's our biology . 
  it 's not nice at all , i 'm not making it morally acceptable . 
  the fact is , people do morally unacceptable things . 
  either you look and learn , or you stay naive and choose to shut your eyes . 
  the tv sometimes lies , the nice guy across the street may be a serial killer , etc. 
  life is harsh . 
  stop bitching about what other people say . 
  you are doing the same . 
  you define liberals in a caricature way , cherrypicking something that you can get upset about . 
  if a liberal agrees with you then you think he is n't a real liberal , just like the attacker is not a real muslim according to some people . 
  what i mean is , instead of spending your mental energies on bitching about what others think , why not just explain your point of view more clearly . 
  ( yeah , yeah , i know because everyone is a stupid shit and they wo n't understand . 
  but ranting is surely the way to make them understand ... 
  this just leads to self-destructive bitterness and i do n't assist to this . ), 
  you comment did not contribute anything . 
  bitching about bitching about `` sjws '' ( i could puke from this term ) is also not productive . 
  yes i 'm now bitching about bitching about bitching about sjws . 
  break the bitching spiral by concentrating on the thing itself in front of us . 
  liberals do n't say you should n't criticise islam ( or any religion ) . 
  remember charlie hebdo ? 
  edit : maybe the downvoters do n't get it . 
  liberals defended the right to mock muhammad , which is definitely a form of criticising islam itself . 
  when they come here they bring all their baggage and all their conflicts . 
  relocation without solving the conflict is useless . 
  they will restart their conflicts here . 
  you ca n't have a stereotypical european . 
  if you made one up , he/she would also be representative of the us , canada , australia , i.e. 
  european-based cultures . 
  but of course this could be said of anything . 
  even a city is n't homogeneous . 
  even a street is n't . 
  one neighbor is an asshole , the other is a nice person . 
  in the house across there 's a shy guy , and next to him an outgoing guy . 
  stereotypes are always fake generalizations by ignorant outsiders ( or insiders trying to emulate outsiders ) . 
  well , anything that unites europe would also encompass the us , canada and australia . 
  judeo-christian , greco-roman influenced heritage/tradition/culture , origin of the industrial revolution , the enlightenment etc. 
  all these things are not just below the surface , they creep up to everyday life and influence our very ways of thinking . 
  unless you 've studied asian or african cultures , you have no idea what unifies europe because you are like the fish that does n't understand what water is . 
  but i do n't know how this could be put into one stereotypical person . 
  maybe indians , chinese , africans or arabs could tell us more about it . 
  because the bottom of this list means the highest incarceration rates ( really , read it again ) . 
  in hungary we have the hammer and sickle and the red star banned ( of the communist ones ) . 
  it 's hardly enforcible because the strasbourg court feels as you feel , that communism is n't evil , it 's just an opinion , while nazism is equal to the devil and hell on earth . 
  this is a sharp difference between the perspective of western and eastern europe . 
  those who lived through decades of communist dictatorship feel very differently about communism compared to the west . 
  to the family . 
  but if the whole family can move , then they 'll start their lives in the host country . 
  hopefully in an integrated way , but possibly in an isolated group of their own nationality . 
  every action you do will bring a reaction from the environment . 
  if you reward and encourage some behavior , it will happen more and more often . 
  and it 's already at a human cost . 
  we just [ pretend that we are n't looking ] ( http://blog.jaibot.com/the-copenhagen-interpretation-of-ethics/ ) . 
  yes , that makes sense . 
  so first the people who are better off , more talented , more educated , leave , then the more backward people stay and make everything shittier . 
  then they get into conflict , warlords start to rule the country and exploit the people , you get civil wars between opposing sides , people die , people get into danger , people need help , we must take them into europe because their home became a hellhole ... and yes it did become a hellhole , and the people are really suffering and would deserve a better life as human beings . 
  i really do n't know what the solution is . 
  well , but just saying that it needs to be done is not the same as it actually happening . 
  how can we stop overpopulation in africa ? 
  you 'd probably say let 's not get involved , they should sort it out themselves . 
  but they obviously wo n't . 
  education could be a first starting point . 
  but if they are poor , they ca n't just all jump into universities and become phds instantly . 
  we need to educate them about the basic stuff first . 
  you know , how children are made , how you can have sex without breeding , how you wo n't go to hell if you use a condom etc. 
  and yes , for many people it seems like imposing our culture on them . 
  but there seems to be no other solution . 
  we have to defeat the local warlords and despots , give education and medicine to people etc. 
  it 's a huge project and one can ask why it is our job , but as i said , the alternative is to wait and let the whole thing get out of hand and result in some huge conflict . 
  when you have so many people tightly packed up in a poor country you can be sure that there will be conflict . 
  and it can easily spread around the globe . 
  but you know , human rights , compassion for other cultures , modern european values etc. 
  since the end of world war ii ( or since the end of the cold war , as you please ) we are trying to humanize ourselves , to not get caught up in conflict again , to mature up and lead by example ... and it 's just in these recent years that we can see how these ideals play out in practice . 
  but this will mean we must confront and challenge our thoughts about nationalism , territorialism , discrimination , cultural superiority , conflict , saying no and backing it up by force etc. 
  all of which look like savage and barbarian ways to the modern wealthy educated european . 
  and it is a shock . 
  to me too . 
  and of course on the other side they can say europe does n't deserve what it has because it 's based off the exploitation of the colonies . 
  they exploited them , used their materials and workforce to build up europe and now they shut everyone else off . 
  and they preach about peace and being nice after burning up their continent twice in the last hundred years and killed millions . 
  the story is not simple . 
  it will need major readjustments in the way we think about ourselves . 
  so are we rewarding them for creating wars ? 
  because that 's the way to get to sweet europe then . 
  why do n't they move to a neighboring country where there is no war ? 
  no really . 
  is europe objectively better ? 
  how could you say such a thing ? 
  every culture is equally good . 
  when does one count as a refugee ? 
  if their house was blown up in their country ? 
  or if they are in danger ? 
  who is in danger ? 
  the whole population of the cities affected by the war ? 
  can we let all of them come here ? 
  wo n't they continue hating each other over here ? 
  why would relocating people solve wars ? 
  otherwise they come here . 
  first the smarter ones who ca n't bear it anymore among the lunatics , then the place becomes even shittier , and gradually the crazy ones come too . 
  they ca n't integrate so they get hostile to the host country . 
  what do you propose ?
