  if you know anything about the human species , they do n't like their `` territory '' disturbed by total strangers from faraway lands and alien cultures , who are tired , potentially angry and demanding ( `` give me stuff , take me to the city '' etc ) . 
  i understand that refugees are in need of care but they should go upfront to the border crossing , claim asylum and get escorted to the refugee camps and do the official and legal paperwork . 
  instead of getting lost , wandering about in villages , entering private property and just pestering and freaking out people in general . 
  i really ca n't understand how anyone can defend mass * illegal * border crossings ... 
  germany has suspended enforcing the dublin regulation . 
  they are now accepting all syrian refugees . 
  it 's not the final fence , just a quickly deployable first temporary fence . 
  the real one will be 4 meters high , much better . 
  locals complain that they just wander around and in their gardens and yards randomly , demanding stuff etc. 
  make them go through the legal procedure right at the start . 
  the fence should motivate them to either cross at a legal border crossing and go through with the procedure under authority supervision , or go towards croatia or another country . 
  thousands of people crossing the border illegally is a threat , i ca n't understand how this concept is so hard to comprehend for some people . 
  if you 're a legitimate refugee , go to the border crossing and claim asylum . 
  yes , this is still not in our interest , our interest would be to just magically teleport them from the border with serbia to the border with austria . 
  as long as they go through in a disciplined manner it would still be okay , but how can you guarantee that ? 
  thousands of people every single day , just wandering around as they please . 
  this is not normal at all . 
  but only at the border crossings . 
  ** hungary did not `` close its borders '' with serbia at all ** . 
  you simply have to go to a designated border crossing place on a normal road instead of going illegally through the woods . 
  even from romania it 's illegal to cross the border in the forests , you have to go to the border gates for a passport/id card check . 
  first of all , a lot of them are single men around 20 , with no children . 
  so they just go alone . 
  single women have basically no chance of doing the same . 
  the other thing is that even countries with a civil war going on do n't necessarily have constant combat 24/7 , like in war movie . 
  but your life may be destroyed , hopeless and dangerous if you risk it too long . 
  it 's not like you will definitely be murdered next week for sure . 
  it 's just a lot of uncertainty , chaos , no possibility for a normal life . 
  of course it can be 24/7 dangerous in certain areas , but not everywhere . 
  female and older relatives stay for a couple of months until the young guy prepares things , gets some resources etc , it makes sense to me . 
  but i have to say this is all just speculation . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's not weird that mostly young men take such dangerous trips . 
  you can also look at it this way . 
  family is in danger of their house being bombed , but the journey is dangerous and expensive , so they just send the young guy to try his luck because he has the best chance . 
  it 's not like he 's the only man around and the girls will be left totally alone . 
  it 's a risk analysis thing . 
  it costs around 10000-15000 euros to pay the human traffickers and you have to cross among not so well-mannered , horny and aggressive guys . 
  it needs to be repeated over and over : if someone applies for asylum in slovakia ( with a legitimate reason ) , they have to take them . 
  but these people do n't ever think of going to slovakia . 
  it is germany who wants to redistribute them among eu countries . 
  the asylum seekers themselves seek asylum in rich countries , not in slovakia . 
  there is no obligation on slovakia to take anyone that does not apply for asylum there . 
  because it 's a risky and hard trip . 
  the family sends a guy to prepare things before the others can also arrive . 
  yeah , but it 's just an alien concept in most of europe . 
  your language determines which folk songs you sing as a child , which fairy tales your mom told you before bed , which poems you can read in the original in your mother tongue , etc. 
  ethnicity is basically about language , culture and a sense of shared origins . 
   if you just happen to speak hungarian i ca n't even interpret what this would mean , the idea just seems totally foreign . 
  how can you just `` happen to '' speak a language ? 
  you speak it because your parents are part of that ethnic minority . 
  not because they threw dice to decide which language you 'll grow up with ( except perhaps in mixed marriages ) . 
  i think even in countries like belgium and switzerland they feel part of a specific ethnicity like walloon and do n't think of being belgian as an ethnicity . 
  since most laypeople can not form their own independent opinion , the `` image '' and the social connotations have a high influence in what they end up supporting . 
  some people like the more artsy , holistic , natural , emotional , soft , unconfrontational , cooperative things ; others like the more sciency , logical , reductionist and no-sugarcoating approaches . 
  ideally people would be equipped with enough scientific , societal and economic knowledge to decide themselves , but it does n't work on mass levels . 
  people will use heuristics to put ideas into such rudimentary categories and support them based on their own `` identity '' as gooey or prickly people ( as alan watts put it ) . 
  i 'm probably biased in this but i still prefer if people are attracted to things they perceive as more `` sciencey '' as opposed to comforting for the ignorant . 
  solar and wind energy can be understood by both a 3-year-old and your 100-year-old great-grandma with dementia , so it 's pleasing to people who distrust science and have a certain level of irrational fear of formulas and labcoats . 
  in some people , modifying genes evokes images of mutant three-legged people and frankenstein-like monsters of humans with elephant trunks and grass growing on the top of their head . 
  in other people it 's images of high-tech , the next great leap for mankind , something out of sci-fis , closely related to space conquest , teleportation and cyborgs . 
  it 's hard to get rid of such gut-level influences . 
  that protects against the occasional petty criminal , but not against a more planned attack . 
  it 's extremely easy to bring forbidden things to music festivals , people constantly smuggle bottles of alcohol in . 
  there were some videos of a bunch of people hiding their vodka bottles in the area of the festival a weak before it begins ( these open places are usually without any guarding outside of the festival season ) , people often throw cans of beer over the fence in some hidden area , they could flying it in with a quadcopter , etc. 
  it 's the same sort of peace , love , nature , harmony , sunshine stuff that makes discussion of nuclear energy impossible . 
  it 's totally emotional and irrational , but germans try to go soft and fluffy on everything , lest they be accused of being harsh and invasive , like changing genes and splitting atoms . 
  it 's very special in finland . 
  i was surprised the `` swedish speakers '' do n't think they are swedes . 
  it 's the imperial , state-based identity ( as in the pre-world war 1 world of non-nation states ) . 
  most of europe is based on ethnicity-based identity . 
  for example most hungarians in romania cheer for the hungarian team and not for the romanian one . 
  `` swedish-speaking finns '' cheer for finland and not sweden , as far as i know , which i find weird . 
  ethnicity/nationality is not the same as citizenship . 
  the internet is in some regards an extremely bad arena for political debates , in some other regards it 's unprecedentedly good . 
  the bad thing is the extreme polarization , because in each comment you 're basically a new person to your readers . 
  they usually do n't know you , do n't know what you said a month ago , what your opinion is on other things , how reasonable you are in general . 
  but in person , with your pals in the pub , or with friends of friends , even some acquaintances , it 's more acceptable to say something against expectations , because they know who you are , and `` there must be a reason he 's saying this , let 's investigate why he holds this opinion '' . 
  while on the internet , your reader constructs a stereotypical straw man out of your three-line comment and imagines the most extreme person possible and attacks this imagined person right away . 
  all other , somewhat similar comments and opinions get lumped together and projected on the guy , even if he never said those things . 
  if we see something coming from one of the sides , we assume * everyone * on that side thinks that . 
  so then if you read a similar comment , you attack it as if it were the same guy you read 10 minutes ago who upset you . 
  on the other hand , this kind of anonymity and being a new , unknown person every time lets people be more honest if they want to . 
  controversial opinions can be expressed more freely , because you do n't have to fear losing your friends over politics . 
  not all anti-immigration people are `` veiled nazis '' , this is precisely what grandparent was saying . 
  that people think in extremes . 
  if you 're not openly nazi , but are n't also clearly leftist , then you must be a veiled nazi . 
  i do n't think many people are real followers of the national socialist ideology . 
  `` nazi '' has become a sort of cheap slur , which is unfortunate . 
  similarly with `` racist '' . 
  i 'd say even many of those with swastika tattoos are not real nazis , just dumb , aggressive and frustrated people . 
  labels and slurs do n't solve anything , it may feel good to type things like `` you filthy racist '' , but it really does n't lead to anything good . 
  if they are `` really '' racists , they 'll pretend they are not . 
  if they are n't , then you just pushed them to be insensitive to this label and more open to actual racists , since they unlearn their associations with the label . 
  tribalism is in our human nature . 
  the utopias where humanity works together in some objective , rational and scientific way seem utterly unrealistic to me . 
  people will always find things to identify with , and then it becomes self-perpetuating . 
  even when editing wikipedia , i get private messages from people from `` my side '' of political-historical edit wars , asking me to come over to some talk page or vote or whatever and help outnumber the other side etc. 
  i hate when they think i 'm some traitor for not participating in these things . 
  please never take politically controversial things seriously on wikipedia !, 
  it only depends on which side has more willpower , manpower and time on their hands .
