  we may need some more shocks on the scale of snowden and even more shocking . 
  people currently do n't care about this . 
  `` i have nothing to hide '' and `` why would anyone spy on me '' are the basic responses . 
  anything further seems paranoid to them . 
  i have a dual boot setup , and if i want to play games i boot to win7 . 
  but i can understand you , it 's not really easy for normal users . 
  the gaming thing is basically a self-reinforcing thing , because they do n't release games for linux due to the small number of users , and there 's a small number of users due to the lack of games ( partially ) ... 
  i also had problems with it , but it 's still the best in my personal experience . 
  i also tried linux mint and fedora . 
  fedora was a constant battle against misconfigurations and bugs and hacking around stuff . 
  i 'm a programmer but i just could n't stand fiddling around with basic os stuff all the time instead of having a solid base . 
  i know fedora people would tell me i have no patience or it 's just a learning curve or whatever , but i prefer to have a base that works without randomly breaking . 
  ubuntu has its annoyances but at least it does n't break horribly and regularly ( for me ) . 
  i still have a win7 on dual boot , but ubuntu is enough usually . 
  generally i dislike the saas idea . 
  why does google need to know what i translate ? 
  i get it from a technical point of view , they can review how well they are doing and concentrate on what people use . 
  but still , if i want to translate something , i 'd want to do it on my computer . 
  i see how it takes away the incentive to make the product/service , hence the existence of the whole debate , but the future does n't seem too nice in this regard . 
  linux mint is another popular `` normal people '' distro . 
  it 's still a good starting point . 
  the fragmentation and internal battles in the linux community are not interesting for `` normal '' users . 
  they just want something that works and does n't spy and steal your data . 
  ( i know about the amazon `` spying issue '' of ubuntu , but i think it 's still a minor issue ) one could also try linux mint , though . 
  but i like to keep it simple and just say ubuntu . 
  it 's well-known , big and works . 
  it 's confusing if we keep changing the recommendations every year ... 
  try ubuntu and libreoffice . 
  it has improved a lot in recent years in terms of user-friendliness . 
  there is some transition time , of course , but seeing where things are going , i switched and i have n't regretted it . 
  you can do the same shit on linux : browse the internet , listen to music , watch movies , etc. 
  the downsides are : games are almost never released for linux , and special software like cad and professional video editing are lacking . 
  what is the reason that you do n't want to consider linux ? 
  does it sound too nerdy ? 
  this is a bit paranoid . 
  hungary has essentially no military and it 's an invisibly tiny minority who 'd want to go to war to get territories back . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i do n't know what fearmongering newspapers you read , but austrians being afraid of hungarian military is absurd . 
  we are in the nato , eu , we 'd be bombed to the ground if we tried to `` take back burgenland '' or whatever . 
  an area that has basically no hungarian population . 
  any tl ; dr in politics is heavily subjective and opinion laden . 
  two opposing views can get you totally different tl ; drs. 
  so you mean hungary is * not * spending enough money on immigration ? 
  but that 's the whole point !, 
  orb\u00e1n and many hungarians * do n't want to * spend a lot of money on immigrants . 
  if we do n't spend more in 2016 than in 2015 it 's a * good thing * , a * success * . 
  eventually you 'd reach an equilibrium that it 's equally shitty all across the globe . 
  then there is no more motivation to move . 
  sure , i can not do that here . 
  you could say it about all comments here . 
  read a book on evolutionary psychology , monogamy and promiscuity , the arms race of the sexes , mating habits etc. 
  here i ca n't summarize it in a way that could n't be called `` just claiming '' it . 
  there 's a difference between justification and pointing out the reason for something . 
  the lion wants to eat me because it 's hungry . 
  still if i have a gun and it 's attacking me , i 'll shoot it . 
  but i 'm not saying it was surprising that it attacked me . 
  i can understand the reasons , but i think it 's wrong to eat me , it 's unjustifiable to eat me for food ( except if i 'm in a very altruistic mood ) because i 'm important for myself . 
  i see no contradiction here . 
  i 'm not trying to justify it . 
  i elaborate on it in [ this comment of mine ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3eb4ks/diagram_of_infidelity_by_gender_and_country_in/ctdl4sh ) . 
  i agree totally !, 
  however , i like to keep the activities of `` thinking about something '' and `` judging it '' separate . 
  i know this kind of thinking is just alien to some people who were brought up differently . 
  but i think you ca n't understand a phenomenon unless you look at it in an unattached way , like an alien observing humans from outer space . 
  maybe you are n't interested in `` understanding it '' and i ca n't make you be . 
  but there is a difference between acknowledging that a hungry lion is going to eat you and liking this fact . 
  lions eating me is natural but still i do n't like it , and not liking it is my nature . 
  so i try not go get eaten by lions , but then i myself go on to kill pests . 
  well , in some societies you must care about your reputation more than you care about having arms and legs . 
  because ruining your reputation equals totally ruining your life . 
  yes , in europe we mostly have the luxury of not giving a fuck , but not everyone has it . 
  love is pure , fluffy and sweet and happy pink unicorns farting rainbows out of their asses . 
  sorry but this is a very naive view . 
  you can either fall into misanthropy/mis-life-y after hearing this or see things for what they are and recognize that you yourself are a sinner too ( this is an important tenet in religions too - although i 'm atheist ) . 
  just a hypothesis : think of it like this . 
  without contraception in an ancient environment the percentages may be more equal . 
  but today , a different man can be with a woman with every other night but there is no baby out of it for extended times . 
  so the woman remains available for more and more time . 
  even if this idea is wrong , the one area where male and female thinking is surely very different is mating habits / reproductive strategy . 
  you can say men and women are the same in problem solving , writing novels and cooking , but you ca n't say they are the same in sexual relationships . 
  basically all our differences in physical features evolved because of ( or in tight connection to ) these different strategies . 
  the problem is , lying and deception are among the most prevalent phenomena in nature at large . 
  the biological imperative is to lie so convincingly that you yourself even believe it , but then slowly ( through hormonal changes ) unexpectedly fade out of the commitment ( even surprising yourself , possibly even feeling guilt ) , and then leave . 
  i think this was already recognized by many in ancient civilizations and they ( probably initiated by fathers with daughters ) tried to correct it through enforcible contracts , i.e. 
  marriage . 
  i 'm not saying it 's wrong . 
  i 'm trying to look at it objectively . 
  it 's a bit like the alarm clock , in that it breaks the `` natural '' reproductive habits , just like an alarm clock breaks your natural sleep . 
  there are of course `` natural '' examples for proofs-of-intention and proofs-of-effort akin to marriage in other animals , too . 
  but the basic biological imperative is always to one-up on the partner and make them believe you provided a valid proof , while you did n't actually . 
  this can happen subconsciously in the mind of the cheater . 
  the deception can be as unintentional as a butterfly 's wing patterns ( looking like an eye ) are unintentional on the side of the individual butterfly . 
  it 's simply due to the frequencies of the genes in the population ( evolution ) . 
  this does n't mean i find it morally right . 
  but crossing moral lines must be natural , otherwise we would n't even have a rule against it . 
  cheating * on you * is the most despicable thing . 
  and of course outwards everyone maintains this face of `` oh , i 'd never '' . 
  this is cultural . 
  just like religious people say they 'd never masturbate and therefore they end up believing they are the only ones doing it in their community . 
  people cheat .
