  germany let all people through austria ... ah and there 's a small camp under construction in verseny utca , an abandoned site near the raiway tracks , just a few hundred meters from keleti . 
  it was a bot answering , 
  by an automated bot that answers any am i wrong questions like that :d, 
  actually no . 
  that scenario is amusing , sure , but no state hands out citizenship as candy . 
  it implies many responsibilities , vote rights , passport , etc. 
  if romania really did this , they would get internationally isolated and romanian travel documents would n't be accepted by other countries . 
  i watched orf , the official state television in austria yesterday ( orf2 22:00 ) , and they were all but supportive . 
  well , i did see and read such reports ( i speak german ) . 
  here 's a collection with hungarian subtitles : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwqkzvq5zic another one was yesterday on orf2 10 pm . 
  it was a discussion with 4 or 5 people , among them a hungarian state secretary and an exclusive interview with orb\u00e1n . 
  it was very manipulative and antagonistic , based on empty accusations and vague appeals to emotions . 
  source please , i 'd like to see details about the government 's response if they did in fact refuse something . 
  no , i 'm just pointing out that the uk does n't get as much shit as hungary . 
  is n't hungary entitled or what 's more * obliged * to maintain a border towards serbia that 's not even in the eu ? 
  my text from another comment :  we are talking about the outside border of the eu and schengen and any people can just walk across like a walk in the park without any checks , just flowing , rushing into the country . 
  170,000 just this year . 
  in such a small country , with 12 % of the population and 4 % of the gdp of germany . 
  what are borders even for then ? 
  what is visa for ? 
  what are passports for ? 
  if you 're a refugee you can go to the border checkpoint and say so . 
  you 'll be let in and processed according to the geneva convention . 
   today , basically anyone , from anywhere in the world , can enter the eu and the schengen zone totally without any checks . 
  whether from syria , pakistan , eritrea , somalia , ghana , afghanistan , kosovo or whatever . 
  but sure , trying to send them from the forests to the official border checkpoints is some fascist inhumane thing . 
  come on ... 
  help as in let them do what 's prescribed by law , without generating turmoil among the population and among the refugees . 
  support the will for controlling the outside border of the eu and schengen . 
  gosh , do i even need to say this ? 
  we are talking about the outside border of the eu and schengen and any people can just walk across like a walk in the park without any checks , just flowing , rushing into the country . 
  170,000 just this year . 
  in such a small country , with 12 % of the population and 4 % of the gdp of germany . 
  what are borders even for then ? 
  what is visa for ? 
  what are passports for ? 
  if you 're a refugee you can go to the border checkpoint and say so . 
  you 'll be let in and processed according to the geneva convention . 
  today , basically anyone , from anywhere in the world , can enter the eu and the schengen zone totally without any checks . 
  whether from syria , pakistan , eritrea , somalia , ghana , afghanistan , kosovo or whatever . 
  but sure , trying to send them from the forests to the official border checkpoints is some fascist inhumane thing . 
  come on ... edit : typo, 
   just asking , what if serbia would just stop transporting all migrants to the hungarian border , but could move part of it towards other borders so romania , hungary and croatia could share the load ? 
  after introducing stricter control of illegal border crossings and promoting mandatory registration at the border for every single one of them , they will perhaps divert their route towards croatia-slovenia-austria . 
  then croatia and slovenia hopefully can show some alternative ways of how to deal with them . 
  because they see registration as bad , because of the possibility of being sent back from germany by the dublin regulations . 
  and even with the non-enforcement promise about syrians by merkel is just that , a promise . 
  what if merkel steps down ? 
  or in a few years does n't get re-elected and the new chancellor acts according to dublin and revokes the unofficial suspension ? 
  you 're right , i 'll scratch that off . 
  i need to let my blood pressure down a bit . 
  it 's really infuriating to watch for example the video of the discussion on orf2 yesterday at 10 pm , where they barely let the representative of hungary to say anything , attacking him with loaded questions and undeserved tones of voice and deliberately not understanding the situation ... ah . 
  exaclty . 
  media also makes a contrast about how the common people receive them . 
  you know german news showing cheering people giving chocolate and toys to exhausted children in munich , but they never show how much the civilians help refugees in budapest . 
  there 's a big civil support for them . 
  or when they do report about it , they put it in a context that the government does n't care for them , so civilians have to do it ... 
  what you call `` whole attitude '' is the general impression you get from watching the media . 
  make concrete policy suggestions and criticize concrete , practical decisions . 
  throwing around words like `` inhumane '' without backing it up with anything , believing anything from refugees as if they were superhuman statues of infallibility , without doing proper investigative journalism to show any concrete proof , ~ ~ reminds me of the darkest times of ~ ~ is propaganda . 
  great . 
  then germany should stop bashing the hungarian authorities and help them control the situation . 
  control = people nicely walking up to border control checkpoints , saying they want asylum , and starting filling out the papers and giving fingerprints . 
  then nicely walk into the refugee camp and sleep , eat and be happy they are safe . 
  then eu makes precise criteria that can be rapidly decided on in days or weeks , not months or years . 
  this is impossible without a physical barrier . 
  without it they just end up rushing into hungary uncontrolled and unchecked and go up to the train station in the capital and demand being let towards germany and refuse camps and cooperation ( to the point of setting on foot towards west ) . 
  this is the case . 
  now quit the bullshit and cooperate with hungary . 
   but rather how the situation is handled in general you see , precisely the kind of vague criticism without any concrete day-to-day policy suggestions . 
  let them protest in front of the station ? 
  take them to refugee camps ? 
  let them board trains ? 
  let them walk along the tracks and motorways or not ? 
  give them buses or not ? 
  make them register at the border or let them enter unhindered ? 
  answer these . 
  do n't just say `` nah , nah , bad , bad , do differently '' . 
  `` we were given no food , no water , the police did beat us '' there is not a single proof of this , beyond the claims of the refugees . 
  you know , these are tens of thousands of refugees . 
  they are not all angels . 
  no group of people is full of angels . 
  just like any other group , most are normal and nice people , but a minority is not . 
  remember the case when one refugee threw a woman and a baby on the train tracks to provoke the police and make the press take pictures of police `` beating '' him and his family ? 
  they are n't stupid . 
  they say there 's no water 30 meters from the water fountain . 
  they know what to say to provoke escalation and get authorities to give in and take them to germany . 
  do i blame them ? 
  no , they are sticking to their plan of going to germany as they planned weeks ago . 
  i would also do my best and would n't care about the international reputation of whatever unknown country i 'm in right now . 
  just get me on to germany . 
  see [ this ] ( https://a.disquscdn.com/get?url=http%3a%2f%2fm.blog.hu%2fvi%2fvigyazo%2fbloodlibel.jpg&amp;key=9hrilzgdoojzbauii22arq&amp;w=600&amp;h=490 ) outright lie about dying children in the train that they refuse to leave to go to the nearby refugee camp with full supplies ... at the same time , i have to say , yes , there was confusion and slowness from hungary . 
  sometimes refugees had to wait long times at registration camps , so they got impatient . 
  was there full-on supply in the city center ? 
  no , but temporary transit zones * were * built . 
  but creating full accommodation there would incentivize more and more people to come to the capital instead of staying in camps at the countryside . 
  and now a new basic camp with medical care , food and water is being build just a few steps from the train station , due to the extraordinary situation . 
  you know , i 'd like to see what vienna would do if refugees went to the westbahnhof and did n't go away until they are let on a train to germany , but austria would n't be allowed by eu law to let them on international trains . 
  what the hell would they do ? 
   and it 's also obvious that orban uses the whole situation for his very own agenda .
