  [ this ] ( http://www.halaszhus.hu/termek_image/426.jpg ) is the proper hungarian ` equivalent ' . 
  and eating this stuff makes many people fat . 
  so it 's not just about sugar . 
  depending on your diet , you might really need to reduce the fat that you consume . 
   but i believe that there 's really more at play than calories in  calories out . 
  sure . 
  but first things first . 
  put your calorie intake into the healthy range . 
  if you 're regularly eating 3800 calories when you should be eating 2200 it wo n't end well . 
  yeah it 's nice to think about how much protein to eat and to eat fiber and so on , but first of all : do n't eat so much . 
  learn to control your eating . 
  many people just eat out of boredom or out of habit , even when they are n't hungry . 
  by paying attention to your calories , you 'll eliminate most of the sugary foods anyway , when you see their calorie contents . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's only about the calories , but all the conflicting and changing advice and fad diets are extremely confusing for laypeople and many just give up because they think it 's all bullshit . 
  `` eat less of whatever you 've been eating lately '' is already a wonderful piece of advice for overweight people . 
   cheap fructose ( corn syrup ) being so widespread in the food industry . 
  i 've heard about this , but i 've never been to the us so i ca n't really imagine where they could sneak in some hfcs to the food that i buy . 
  i buy meat , eggs , veggies , fruits , bread , milk , nuts , frozen fish , etc. 
  i can imagine that it 's in cereals , soda , cookies and candies , but these should be regarded as desserts and treats anyway . 
  food science is full of studies where a few people eat different diets for like two weeks and then they do blood tests and then they pronounce some big health discoveries based on that . 
  proper long term studies are quite rare . 
  it 's a lot of very weak science . 
  the way the body processes food is extremely complex and interacts and feeds back in such intricate ways that they should be a lot more careful and conservative about pronouncing discoveries . 
  the main reason that people are fat is * how much * ( in calories ) they eat . 
  do n't snack on chips , eat less cookies and cake , drink less coke and fancy sugary starbucks coffees . 
  that and walk a bit every day and use the stairs when possible . 
  all too often people read articles like this and then go `` aah , these nutritionists have no idea what they are talking about , it 's ridiculous , one day milk is good another day it 's bad , one day eggs are bad the next they 're good '' and they get confused about all the fad diets and then they say it 's all bullshit and just go back to eating heaps of chips and drinking liters of soda . 
  if you eat in moderation and with variation , you 'll be alright with basically all the usually occuring fats and sugars . 
  the science of nutrition is interesting , but the main message should be to limit food consumption . 
  at the very least , wait until you get mildly hungry before your next meal , ( although you may have forgotten what physical hunger feels like , as opposed to just the urge to feel good about food in your mouth ), 
  he probably also sleeps in a different room and locks the door , 'cause you know , she might stab him in his sleep . 
  look , here are some stats about spouses killing each other !, 
   but across western countries in general mother has full ability to sever father from any decision making in relation to the child it is not true . 
  it would be better to be specific about countries and specific texts of the laws . 
  in hungary , both parents need to agree about adoption . 
  a mother ca n't give a child to adoption if the father would want to raise it . 
  rewe has acceptable prices too !, 
  east-central europe is not as cheap as one would imagine . 
  the prices are basically almost the same as germany , except for fresh produce which is cheaper ( but not much ) . 
  can a mother really give a child for adoption against the will of the father ? 
  i think the father can also keep the child and then the mother pays child support . 
  again , child support is independent of the gender of the parents . 
  hungary has almost the same supermarket prices as germany ( but meat is cheaper in hu ) . 
  german supermarkets are ridiculously cheap , especially aldi and lidl . 
  electronics are quite expensive in hungary , mostly due to the 27 % vat . 
  i was also surprised . 
  i do n't want any reduction . 
  i do n't think mothers can just renounce their obligations . 
  the law about child support is not gender-specific . 
  parents can already give their child into adoption . 
  it 's already legal . 
  i said `` i think it 's perfectly fair that the father should pay '' as opposed to the partner of the mother , not as opposed to the mother . 
  of course the mother should also pay . 
  sorry if it was n't clear . 
  i wrote this as a response to the idea that the partner/husband of the mother should still pay , even if he 's not the father and the father just gets away . 
  i said the biological father should pay . 
  maybe you misunderstood . 
   also explain why it 's equal and fair that mother can renounce her parental obligations at any time , including after birth of the child , whereas father can not at any time . 
  are you sure about this ? 
  i think the option that ( single ) mothers can give their children to state care is there to prevent child murders ( like leaving the child in a dumpster or suffocating ) . 
  but if the child is born and officially known to have born , the mother ca n't renounce her parental obligations ( unless it 's a common decision of both parents to give him/her to state care , i think ) . 
  the father can also raise the child and then the mother pays child support . 
  it 's pretty rare for a number of reasons , but it 's not like mothers can simply toss their obligations away at any time . 
  or which country are we talking about ? 
  what does this have to do with women 's rights ? 
  it 's simply a question of whether man a or man b should pay to raise the child . 
  man a being the father of the child and man b being the partner/husband of the mother . 
  i think it 's perfectly fair that the father should pay . 
  the mother should just sue him for child support and the money should be collected like taxes . 
  most people are busy about their lives . 
  many people just have no opinion and do n't have time to read up on the topic . 
  it 's perhaps also a legacy from communism . 
  people do n't have such a strong philosophical attachment to having their voice heard . 
  also , the questions often do n't directly influence your everyday life , so people do n't care much . 
  even the eu membership referendum had just 46 % turnout . 
  people are usually apathetic about politics and feel like `` i 'm just a regular person , i just want to live my life , do n't bother me with these abstract political things '' . 
  that 's true here as well . 
  but arguably there should be no referendum about things that do n't interest at least every second person . 
  in representative democracies a referendum is an exceptional thing about big decisions that need direct legitimation from the whole country . 
  there are two upcoming referendums in hungary ( one about the migrant quota and another about allowing shops to be open on sundays ) and both are expected to have difficulties reaching 50 % . 
  i really like the system that hungary used between 1997 and 2014 : 25 % of * all * people who are eligible to vote have to vote for the winning side , i.e. 
  actual turnout does n't matter , just that enough people vote for the same side . 
  this makes such weird strategies pointless . 
  the hungarian turnout stats for previous referendums are : 58 , 14 , 49 ( joining nato ) , 46 ( joining eu ) , 37 , 50 % . 
  in this light , 30 % seems rather low . 
  by the way , for the first two , the requirement was 50 % participation , while for the latter four the requirement was that the winning side gets at least 25 % of * the whole * voter population ( so if only 26 % participate but 99 % of those vote x then it 's valid ) . 
  now the 50 % rule has been restored . 
  between 1997 and 2014 , hungary had the rule that at least 25 % of people eligible to vote have to vote for the winning option for it to be a successful referendum . 
  this solution makes it irrelevant whether someone votes for the losing side or stays at home . 
  ( now and before 1997 the requirement is/was simply at least 50 % participation . 
  the rule was changed before the 1997 referendum about joining nato to make sure it is successful ... ), 
  would you say it 's `` standard '' that both parents work a job like that or can the whole family live from one salary ( average middle class ) ? 
  is there after-school care ( or however you call it ) until more than 6 pm for kids with such parents ? 
  or do people rely on grandparents ? 
  how does this work ? 
  also , why do they call `` regular '' jobs `` 9 to 5 jobs '' if they start at 8 ? 
  is n't that normal ? 
  i mean i thought 8 hours per day ( i.e. 
  40 hours per day ) is standard . 
  as a schoolkid my parents arrived at work around 8:00 , and they picked me up at school around 16:30 ( i.e.
