  we will build the same container transit zones and fences asap , and seal the border like with serbia . 
  but it takes some time . 
  until then , it 's last week again . 
  i do n't think you 'll stop providing it soon . 
  you must welcome refugees . 
  denying food is not a `` freundliches gesicht '' . 
  eastern european gypsies are settled since a long time . 
  they are n't wandering around the country any more . 
  they live in crappy sides of towns and villages and live there continually . 
  when they go to sweden it 's not just random wandering but purposeful emigration . 
   i think polish screams about the refugee resettlement proposal is an indication in itself of what ? 
  what will your activists say when you deny food to refugees ? 
  will you let the children starve if they do n't want to leave germany ? 
  because they wo n't want to leave germany . 
  it was very hard and risky and expensive to get there . 
  they wo n't just walk out . 
  or will you put tens of thousands of people in handcuffs and shove them out of the country ? 
  why are roma people going to sweden to be beggars there instead of staying in romania then ? 
  it 's simply still a better chance in life . 
  no refugees will want to stay on eastern european welfare , not gon na happen . 
  croatian police is shoving and pushing them around aggressively , swinging their batons around threatening them . 
  let 's see if germany and austria will also criticize croatia as harshly as they criticized hungary where police was extremely patient . 
  nothing , it 's a bad argument . 
  it 's conceivable that they had a normal life before the war in syria . 
  just saying that the argument is not really spot on . 
  they apply for asylum because they have to , except when they go on hunger strikes and protests . 
  but many did register and then leave in smuggler trucks and other ways . 
  they are accommodated in open camps , not prisons . 
  putting asylum seekers ( before the fence was up ) in prison would be inhumane . 
  is n't serbia all pro-russia ? 
  or simultaneously pro-eu ? 
  no bad treatment , just border protection . 
  those who came to hungary last weeks were treated alright , compared for example to the croatian collapse after 1 day , running out of water and resources . 
  the were taken by train to near the hungarian border . 
  actually not . 
  but it 's still against the law , but it 's just a fine i guess . 
  yes . 
  unfortunately until the fence is up , we have to deal with them like last week , i think . 
  that is , they demand to be let through without registration and then we bring them to a camp near austria where they happen to walk away rather quickly . 
  it 's bad because it will again encourage more to try it . 
  or we could try to prosecute them , but if they did n't break through any fence , they ca n't be punished much . 
  we already had criticism from un general secretary ban ki mun . 
  does not change a thing . 
  still protecting the border . 
  i have n't heard of such plans . 
  of the ones you mentioned only ukraine is outside of schengen . 
  but i think hungary is prepared to protect its borders against uncontrolled unchecked unknown illegal mass immigration from any direction regardless of any international reactions . 
  then they will try hungary from croatia . 
  i hope the government can build the fence fast enough on the croatian border . 
  ( and yes germany can still give them visas if they want to receive them ), 
  any official or unofficial estimates on the number of such cases ? 
  are n't all entering via eu countries ? 
  swimming across the drava is not so easy though . 
  land border is managable . 
  here is a video of the incident : http://index.hu/video/2015/09/17/osszecsapas_roszke/, 
  there 's an unlimited supply of people living in terrible conditions . 
  hundreds of millions . 
  no , they moved on . 
  there are a few hundred up to perhaps 1000 at the moment . 
  it 's obviously not sustainable . 
  just until the eu comes to its senses and starts controlling the greek border properly . 
  most of the croatian border is the drava river . 
  with serbia it 's 175 km , almost fully fenced . 
  construction goes at the rate of 10 km/day ( thousands of people working on it ) . 
  hungary builds as much of it as necessary . 
  any country is welcome to issue visas for them and then they can come . 
  lawlessness ca n't go on indefinitely . 
  your question is actually not a schengen question . 
  it would be a general eu thing . 
  schengen is about having no border controls inside ( which can be temporarily reintroduced ) . 
  it 's not about who to let through . 
  nobody has even thought about refusing eu citizens , so i wo n't look it up now . 
  there are people coming with no papers or fake papers or invalid papers . 
  the controls are because of them . 
  schengen is still in effect . 
  temporary border controls are included as an option in that treaty . 
  hungary has obligations by the treaty , i.e. 
  by the approx 20 countries who signed it . 
  germany alone can not void these obligations . 
  dublin is still in effect , also according to germany , in the sense that the first eu country ( actually greece ) has to do the asylum process . 
  schengen is in effect too . 
  if germany wants to let them in they can issue temporary visas to them . 
  schengen and dublin are treaties with lots of countries . 
  germany ca n't just cancel them alone . 
  and by the way , germany and austria are now beginning to control their borders too . 
  it was expected , they prepared and solved the situation . 
  i do n't think migrants have access to guns in anywhere near the necessary quantities , and being a member of nato , we would also get outside help against such armed ` migrant armies ' . 
  but it 's pretty unrealistic . 
  yes . 
  i think soon we 'll see the first prison sentences for agressively illegally entering the country . 
  smugglers will also have to be sentenced for over 10 years , so they divert their route . 
  well , a czech minister suggested putting some joint v4 registration camp into hungary . 
  yeah , nope . 
  we are n't a front country , greece is one . 
  hotspots should be either outside the eu or in front countries , like greece and italy . 
  migtants gave an ultimatum to police till 1 pm , of course police did not accept it . 
  then migrants broke the border gate and started throwing rocks . 
  also due to the open gate many migrants ran through . 
  police acted proportionally and made sure that the law is upheld . 
  asylum requests are continually being processed in the official locations shown by signs .
