  nah , people still do n't have any idea , they just get annoyed by the extra popup that they have to close . 
  people have been trained to click `` agree '' buttons without reading for decades now . 
  japan and south korea may be economically/financially in the same system since a few decades , but they are culturally and historically quite different . 
  i could perhaps summarize western nations as the european ones ( not geographically , but those based on the greco-roman and christian cultural legacy ) plus those founded by european powers minus those where a previous local population ( not the settlers ) gained independence from said european power since then . 
   the enlightenment , democracy , and free market economics and the constant need for modernization , is more in line with the view of westernization here , maby because its more inclusive ? 
  westernization is a different thing than becoming an actual western nation i think . 
  it 's more about becoming compatible with western economy and law . 
  such a country can become `` westernized '' but i would n't say it 's western . 
   the enlightenment , democracy , and free market economics and the constant need for modernization perhaps because americans focus more on recent history ( due to being founded `` recently '' in terms of history ) , while europe has a continuous unbroken chain of history from the foundational greco-roman tradition to this day . 
  -- edit : also your use of the word `` alliance '' suggest that you use `` western '' as a term for a political alliance or `` side '' in the major conflicts , which may be a legacy from the cold war ( first world , second world , third world ) , so you may be confounding/mixing first world and western culture . 
  i personally have no problem with it if for example in some eastern culture they never shake hands , but respectfully bow instead , i can accept that . 
  at least from tourists or people who are in europe for a few years . 
  whether i 'd give them * citizenship * is a bit more difficult question , because i think citizenship should be given to people who have actually integrated into the local culture and accepted the general customs and way of life in europe . 
  i do n't have a european identity , i have a western culture identity , which includes europe + us + latin america + australia etc. 
  i do n't feel much more connected to a portuguese person than a venezuelan . 
  or an english guy vs. an american . 
  these i consider familiar , as opposed to for example india , china , middle east and most of africa , which i consider markedly more foreign . 
  the basis of western culture is the historical legacy of ancient greece , the roman empire , christianity , the renaissance , the enlightenment , the age of national romanticism , also the latin alphabet ^ ( yeah , i 'm aware of cyrillic ) , the shared general broad customs etc. 
  but most of the pictures were not taken at school . 
  yeah , but you ca n't say `` a normal day of an at-school in spain '' . 
  in my english class at my school in hungary we were referred to as pupils only in grades 1-4 , and from 5th on ( ~ age 12 ) as students . 
  but in german they only call university students `` student '' , before that they are `` sch\u00fcler '' . 
  i do n't know what he means with that . 
  i do n't think it 's a realistic interpretation that all visitors should give fingerprints when entering the schengen zone , but who knows . 
  yeah they made a government mouthpiece of the state-owned media . 
  that 's true . 
  but ( 1 ) how many people watch it anyway , ( 2 ) it does n't mean there 's no press freedom , because the opposition media is pretty big , too . 
  tvs : atv , rtl klub ; newspapers : n\u00e9pszava , n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g ( i do n't read paper news any more so i do n't know too many ) , online : index , 444 . 
  can * an animal be homosexual * though ? 
  has that been observed ? 
  i mean sure they have observed homosexual sex or courtship rituals , but that can be due to lots of things , like dominance assertion , momentary `` brain glitches '' etc. 
  to call an animal gay , it would have to be consistently , continuously gay for its lifetime ( or at least most of its lifetime ) . 
  so a gay male animal should n't become interested at all when it sniffs ovulating females . 
  does this exist ? 
  i do n't know . 
  perhaps in some apes ? 
  i never heard of it . 
  but in turtles ? 
  i 'm pretty skeptical about this until further evidence . 
  can you show me studies about life-long homosexual animals ? 
  ones that do n't care about the other sex , only about their own ? 
  i know that homosexual sex has been observed occasionally in animals , but that can be due to any number of things , including asserting dominance etc. 
  if an animal is continuously homosexual for its lifetime , that would be interesting to see . 
  did this comment really contribute to the quality of the discussion ? 
  somehow western europeans were not so concerned about press freedom and plurality when basically all media was in the hands of socialists/post-communists . 
  remember the times of nap-kelte etc. , all commercial channels siding with the socialist govt ( heti hetes etc. ) . 
  basically magyar nemzet was the only right-wing newspaper ( magyar h\u00edrlap was also leftist then ) . 
  so yeah , in the last 10-15 years they built a right-wing media and the state tv sides with the government , as it did when the socialists governed ( do n't tell me nap-kelte was n't disgusting ) . 
  yes , our media is polarized and all outlets are biased and there are propaganda ones , true . 
  i also do n't like this . 
  but these `` concerned '' western europeans make it look like there 's some huge alarming change going on and orb\u00e1n is silencing the opposition , which is just not true . 
  there are lots of critical articles . 
  for example online , the whole 444 . hu is nothing but bashing , mocking and ridiculing fidesz and the government . 
  in hungary they put sweets and small bottles of high % alcohol there . 
  ( cigarettes ca n't be sold in normal supermarkets ), 
  not that it 's too relevant , but what do you actually know about press freedom in hungary ? 
  concretely . 
  because i read hungarian media every day and it looks perfectly free . 
  the state tv is orb\u00e1n 's propaganda channel ( and it was that of the socialists ' when they governed ) , but there are tons of government-critical newspapers and channels exercising press freedom . 
  nothing too new . 
  my unofficial translation : * 1 . 
  borders practical enforcement of current eu and schengen laws about regular control of external borders and eu citizens ( schengen border control codex ) . 
  this should remain the task of member states , but if a member state can not fulfil these requirements the european border guard agency should intervene according to an agreement with the given member state . 
  if there is no such agreement , the schengen membership of the member state may be suspended . 
  identification further develop the external border protection via the eu border registration system and by mandatorily taking biometric identification data from people crossing the external schengen border . 
  * 3 . corrections correct the common european asylum system , including restoring the well-functioning dublin system and its full enforcement in greece . 
  there should be stronger sanctions on a member state level against abusing asylum laws . 
  outside the eu asylum procedures should be carried out outside eu territory , in closed and guarded hotspots , before entering the eu . 
  the eu should provide financial contributions to create safe hot spots and adequate conditions . 
  agreements make agreements with countries of origin and transit countries about the return of migrants and enforce them in cooperation with those countries . 
  return of people illegal migrants have to be sent back to safe countries of origin or transit countries . 
  conditionality the foreign policy and security , development and visa policy of the eu must ensure that the goals of the eu migration policy are achieved . 
  changes in eu policies have to depend on third countries ' willingness to cooperate . 
  aid efforts to implement the eu migration policy must be helped through financial and other support for the primary target countries and the western balkan countries . 
  safe countries a common european list of safe third countries must be created and this should be used when building hotspots . 
  it must be taken into consideration that asylum seekers are not under concrete threat after crossing several safe countries . 
  voluntariness answers to demographic and job market challenges must be sovereign member state decisions . 
  according to the eu treaty 's article 5 , paragraph 2 , it must stay a national competency to decide if a member state wants to answer challenges using national or eu-internal resources and policies or immigrants coming from outside the eu . 
  there should be no mandatory and automatic mechanism introduced . 
  due to the importance of the issue , the european council should provide guidance to the ongoing legislative process . 
   jews left in hungary , or barely any . 
  there are about 80-200 thousand jews in hungary , most in budapest . 
  and it 's not really against those everyday jews , but the abstract global idea of the world-controlling jews , usa+i srael , global finance , soros , the `` economic colonization '' of hungary etc. 
   european left western european . 
  around here the far-right still hates israel/jews and the left is still pro-israel/jews . 
  this is why today 's hungarian nationalism is such a strange mix . 
  the 1848 revolution against the habsburgs was a liberal , republican , humanist revolution , freeing the serfdom and ending feudalism and the oppression of the poor . 
  it was a time of poor but revolutionary poets , but also a time of great respect ( hero-worship ) of the original , ethnic hungarian kings of the 11th-15th centuries . 
  even today , there are nationalists who like the idea of a monarchy , who believe in the doctrine of the holy crown , the importance of the apostolic kingdom and land of mary etc. 
  then you have pagan-style nationalists who say christianity was forced onto hungary by western powers and king stephen i was a traitor who killed his own with foreign help ( while others see him as someone who saved the nation from perishing , by adopting western culture and allowed our integration into europe ) . 
  they rather like to dress in ancient hungarian-style , emphasize the imporance of our horse-riding nomadic origins , use the old hungarian ( runic-like ) alphabet etc. 
  then you have the republicans , who first and foremost side with the 1848-ians , mostly lajos kossuth . 
  of course these can all mix in a single person as well . 
  so someone may like kossuth and also respect the christian \u00c1rp\u00e1dian kings and also like the old hungarian alphabet and also like habsburg sissy and the times of peaceful dualism . 
  also just to add to the weirdness , many far-right nationalists used to like muslims , because they are enemies of the jews . 
  also , most people hate the ottoman turkish oppression era , but that is n't a clear good guy-bad guy issue either . 
  many famous and respected hungarians of those centuries made deals and pacts with the turks , since they equally or more hated the habsburg austrians . 
  many of them moved to turkey to exile and died there . 
  especially the hungarian princes of transylvania , like imre th\u00f6k\u00f6ly . 
  so when people try to give some concise verdict or summary of hungarian nationalism without understanding all these things and the complications of the 20th century ( like trianon and understanding the postitions of figures such as horthy or sz\u00e1lasi and how they were seen under communism , and understanding how 1956 is seen and the nostalgia for goulash communism ) , it usually comes out seeming pretty ignorant .
