  yeah , and where do we send them if they are rejected ? 
  the hungarian authorities do n't give asylum to people who came through safe countries ( in the vast majority of the cases ) . 
  they 'd be officially rejected , but then what ? 
  but it 's true that there is no realistic chance for quotas because they ca n't work . 
  the migrants would just go back to where they want to go . 
  it 's impossible to keep them in hungary with such low welfare . 
  and if the eu sends high , german-level welfare for them , then hungarian who make less while fully employed will revolt . 
  what i find most remarkable in this story is how easily jews have accepted this guy into their circles . 
  it shows how tribalistic the hardcore jews ( i.e. 
  not the everyday ` cultural jews ' but jewish leaders ) are and how important blood and ancestry is to them . 
  basically the law says he 's a jew and he must be forgiven if he asks for forgiveness . 
  and so they must comply . 
  choosing and changing one 's religion is a very recent thing . 
  a thing of modern secular states . 
  for the most of history , religion was not separable from culture , politics and identity . 
  our modern concept of religion as something supernatural and spiritual is not typical of history . 
  it 's also not something `` one idiot '' came up with . 
  words ' meanings are n't decided by particular people . 
  there are many jews who are atheists , but still uphold certain jewish values and keep a jewish identity . 
  this is how humans typically work in the world . 
  it 's not just a religion , it 's an ethnicity/people as well . 
  read this : [ wikipedia - who is a jew ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/who_is_a_jew%3f ), 
  you probably misunderstood it . 
  the `` harmful '' refers to the following : the helper ca n't be punished for helping in the wrong way . 
  so if you 're clumsy and do the cpr wrong and the person dies , you wo n't be held responsible . 
  so even if you cause harm , you do n't get punished . 
  this is to encourage people to help ( called good samaritan laws ) . 
  and yes , you are required to help , but of course not if you 'd have to put your own life at risk . 
  so you do n't have to run in burning building and play hero , but you need to give help in normal cases . 
  which is pretty reasonable to me . 
  i do n't know how it is in the us , but it probably involves a lot of suing each others asses . 
  not just strangers , but also friends and family . 
  it probably depends on the region in the us , too . 
  okay , that makes sense . 
  and the reason why most people do n't know is the same that they do n't know other stuff . 
  because evolution is just another `` boring school topic '' , like the dates of medieval wars , physics formulas for magnetic fields , the location of bauxite mines in europe , the workings of the kidneys or whatever . 
  there is no controversy here to make it interesting ( at least perhaps until recently ) . 
  some of those 20 million are already the grandchildren of those who moved to germany as aussiedler . 
  so they do n't fit the definition of migration background ( at least one parent born without german citizenship ) . 
  is the same statistic available online for other eu countries ? 
  it would be interesting . 
  i ca n't find it for hungary . 
  because the topic usually does n't come up . 
  religion is treated very differently in most european countries than in the us . 
  in europe it 's a personal , spiritual , soul thing , not really connected to the everyday real world . 
  very few people talk about the bible or jesus or creation as a serious argument in real-world decisions or `` dry and technical '' science topics , like biological evolution . 
  coining the phrase `` intelligent design '' was a trick by the creationist movement in america to make it seem like it 's religion independent so they can get more space to `` teach the controversy '' in schools . 
  it 's nothing more than a tricky synonym for creationism . 
  the problem is that even those who `` believe '' in evolution know very little about it . 
  they have a cartoonish idea that life forms simply improve themselves and get upgraded like pok\u00e9mon , simply because there 's some mysterious evolution-force in the universe that actively drives organisms from primitive ( bacteria ) to advanced ( human ) levels . 
  reality is very far from this . 
  and in that understanding , of course it makes sense to believe that this evolution-force was put in place by god , or perhaps it 's just a law of nature . 
  i remember that our school biology class explained `` adaptation '' in a very circular way and when i asked questions about it , it seemed like the teacher does n't even understand what i was asking and just repeated it again . 
  it was something like `` adaptation is when an organism/species adapts to its environment to have better fitness and chance of survival '' or some mishmash like that . 
  in fact , evolution is not a separate `` thing '' or separate process . 
  what we describe as evolution is simply that depending on genes , some organisms reproduce more that others and the genes that are more frequent in the frequent-reproducers will become more abundant in the next generation . 
  there is no mysterious force involved . 
  it 's just this process on longer timescales . 
  evolution does n't lead up some great ladder of existence . 
  it does n't have a purpose or plan . 
  when an antelope is caught by a lion , it is part of the evolutionary process . 
  it is n't caught because `` evolution '' `` wants '' it to be caught . 
  it 's caught because it just did n't run fast enough to get away in that very moment . 
  i never learned this in school and it was always a confusing idea to me due to the tautological circularity : `` survival of the fittest . 
  but which are the fittest ? 
  those that survive ! '', 
  indeed , one should n't even use the concept of `` fitness '' early on in the explanation . 
  the basic and most important thing is that evolution is not a special extra force or process . 
  it simply arises from '' * the differential survival of imperfectly self-replicating entities * '' . 
  i never knew it until i read some books on the topic on my own . 
  legal free movement among eu countries is very different than illegal immigration . 
  european countries have democratically decided ( through referendums or parliament votes ) that it 's in their interest to take part in the free movement deal within the eu . 
  when a country changes its mind , they can exit , like the uk did . 
  but forcing illegal immigrants on a country without asking the people is not even similar . 
  was this a * religious * class or a class * about * different religions ? 
  so was religious belief presumed , talking about god as really existing and about jesus as `` our savior '' etc. 
  or was it just `` christians believe x and jews believe y '' ? 
  i 'm not much into the `` meme-scene '' , but there 's apparently an `` x is a meme '' meme : http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/x-is-now-a-meme, 
  feynman is the physicist , faymann is the former austrian chancellor . 
  i 'm a layman too and i mostly read about this in the context of hungary , in hungarian language , so i ca n't really help , sorry . 
  it 's a complicated question and there are few written accounts to work with . 
  what historians and anthropologists use are scarce descriptions in contemporaneous books , contents of graves , historical linguistics ( e.g. 
  etymology ) , things like that . 
  there are competing hypotheses about the period of hungarian migration . 
  a new hypothesis claims that the migration from the urals to the carpathian basin might have taken only a few generations . 
  the established theory rather said hundreds of years or more . 
  it 's also not clear in how many `` waves '' they settled into current hungary , how many people they were , how many people lived already in this territory , etc. 
  there are some `` alternative '' , fringe conspiracy theories as well , that we are sumerians and etruscans and ours is the original language of the whole humanity etc. 
  or another now abandoned theory that was taken seriously in the 19th century is the turkic origin . 
  early hungarians did share some cultural signs with turkic peoples to the point that western europeans often confused the two . 
  nobody knows much , but it 's still a hot topic because many nationalists do n't like the finno-ugric relations , even though the linguistic part of that is scientifically absolutely clear . 
  they forget however that it does n't necessarily mean genetic relations or cultural relations . 
  these can be all very different and ethnogenesis is a complex thing and there were many influences from many other peoples . 
  and nationalists in neighboring countries like to mock hungarians as `` mongoloids '' ( in poor taste , referring to how down syndrome patients were officially called `` mongoloid idiots '' earlier ) . 
  despite the fact that mongolia is much further east than the hungarians were ever present . 
  there are skilled legal immigrants from muslim countries in hungary , too . 
  a small number but there are . 
  but if they come illegally and break into our country without invitation , then no we do n't want such immigration . 
  the refugee/migrant thing is not about economy and workers anyway .
