  if the acceptance is low , then where do you put the unaccepted ones ? 
  also , processing the asylum request usually takes long . 
  people would crowd up on those islands . 
  also , where would the people go after ` processing ' ? 
  greece ? 
  germany ? 
  quotas ? 
  quotas do n't work in practice . 
  same in hungary and most of eastern europe . 
  foreigners rarely go to rural areas . 
  but it does n't mean it 's `` homogeneous '' , there are many roma people in these rural places . 
  well , you ca n't put up fences north from greece because it 's `` messing with the greeks '' and leaves the problem to greece , but you also ca n't put a barrier to the south-eastern border of greece due to geography . 
  so this line of thinking implies that we should n't put barriers anywhere . 
  so if someone wants to come they must be allowed in . 
  how is this a straw man ? 
  the only option left is to somehow make it less desirable to come to europe . 
  perhaps by radically improving the conditions in the middle east and africa at least to western european lower-middle class levels ? 
  that does n't seem like a short-term plan . 
  you can build whatever you want there , living in germany will still be a lot better than that . 
  if the migrants have to leave their homes in the first place , then why go to turkey or libya when they could also go to germany ? 
  there are tiny islands on the border of europe , * therefore * millions of foreigners must be allowed to march and settle into any european country of their choice , without any checks . 
  makes sense . 
  if that frontier actually works , then people will not come to europe there . 
  or at least their numbers will be a lot lower than with today 's open borders . 
  it adds up , it 's 120 euros per year for the hd version . 
  it 's a considerable sum in eastern europe . 
  you also have to consider that we do n't have the same culture of just giving out money for stuff without thinking . 
  i mean , there is a sort of barrier compared to the `` ah it 's just a few dollars , let 's pay '' kind of thinking . 
  paying is something more heavy , a very different category . 
  part of it is just the general poverty and budgeting needs , another part of it is probably how communism made people used to stuff being free and the us-style business models are still somewhat new to the mentality here . 
  because this is a very different kind of thinking than the typical american and global consumerism where convenience is the only aspect to consider . 
  you use shitty torrent sites . 
  high quality private trackers do n't have this problem . 
  audio and subs are properly synced , everything categorized by genre , with trailers , imdb scores , links , cover pictures , reviews by users , comments etc. 
  the use of the word `` stealing '' in this context and the phrase intellectual `` property '' are pure propaganda terms . 
  this is file * sharing * . 
  it is illegal under copyright law ( only the upload part in hungary ) , but stealing would imply someone loses that file if i download it . 
  the idea is to cover a lot of people while covering little area . 
  it 's probably surprising to some people as they 'd expect that people are more evenly distributed . 
  [ reasons not to use netflix ] ( https://stallman.org/netflix.html ), 
  torrent -  usb stick -  media player box . 
  yeah it 's not as convenient , but if you 're gon na spend 2-3 hours watching a movie , can you really not spend 5 minutes on preparations ? 
  so it 's pretty useless compared to torrents ( regarding series ) . 
  private trackers are very high quality , with nice interfaces . 
  for suggestions , you can discuss with your friends over a beer , read blogs , imdb , sort the torrents based on genre , release date etc. 
  okay , i guess it can be an improvement for heavy users who 'd watch some random movie every night for entertainment and are too impatient to want to wait until the movie is downloaded . 
   i do n't see a point in being in the military at peacetime . 
  well , if the country is already at war it 's too late , is n't it ? 
  conscription is about teaching everyone a basic set of skills , so when the time comes , they can all fight . 
  maybe you get training when 18 years old or so , and then get called to fight for real when 31 . 
   making friends , learning how to survive in the wild and get a perspective on life , yeah , it 's not some hippie camp . 
  the actual `` getting a perspective on life '' would probably be that you 'd forget all this bullshit about conscription giving you a perspective on life ( in this kind of naive spiritual sense ) . 
  no you wo n't become rambo and wo n't learn to actually survive in the wild like bear grylls . 
  if you see virtue in suffering , give away all your money , then move to some eastern european village with no jobs , no hope and lots of gypsies . 
  or live on the streets in -20 \u00b0 c , that will surely build some character , since it 's annoying . 
  why is conscription any more `` coming of age '' than graduation from high school/university or drinking age or getting a driving license or your first voting in the national elections etc ? 
  no , you have some personal issues that you need to sort out . 
  my guess is that even after going through it , you would n't feel like you 're a proper adult . 
   it 's hard to feel like an adult when you are 18 because many finns are still in school , live with their parents , have no jobs or job experience and so on . 
  yes , studying at a big university might make you feel like an adult but you are still living on government assistance or parent 's money . 
  when you get your diploma you still might not have a job , you might have to move back in with your parents , and you are thinking `` how the hell am i an adult when i do n't make x $ and have my own place , a girl/boyfriend etc. . . '' . 
  then get a job and do n't live off your parents ' money if you want to feel like an adult . 
  there are people ( probably not many in finland but in poorer countries ) who - even as adults - ca n't live on their own salaries as it 's too little . 
  for example my cousin ( 30 years old , law university graduate ) earns around 400 $ / month ( after taxes ) and it 's barely enough to live in budapest , so older members of the family must help out with money . 
  some people never get to feel like totally independent , self-reliant adults . 
  no ceremony can solve this , if you actually are n't self-reliant . 
  even after prancing around with an ak-47 and getting shouted at by some arrogant higher-ranked soldiers , you 'll still have to rely on your parents ' money . 
  `` but , moooom , i can shoot with a guuuun , you ca n't tell me what to do any moooore '' - unrealistic . 
  actually hungarian \u0151sz and finnish syksy are both derived from the same proto-finno-ugric ( not proto-finnic as the image suggest ) word , reconstructed as * s\u00fck\u015bi . 
  hungarian-finnish correspondences are often really obscure , like hungarian `` eg\u00e9r '' corresponds to finnish `` hiiri '' , sharing the common ancestor reconstructed as '' \u0161i\u014bere '' ( meaning `` mouse '' ) . 
  this should show how distant these languages actually are : we can not understand anything at all from the other language , no words at all , except for modern loan words from other languages , like taxi-taksi . 
  ( okay , some words of shared ancestry are similar , but still not understandable immediately ), 
   why are certain languages ( proto albanian and ancient hellenic in this case ) unexplained ? 
  is it impossible fot linguists to trace back etymology of these words ? 
  not `` impossible '' , but there 's not enough evidence at the moment . 
   if it is so , how is this possible that praindoeuropean was somehow reconstructed , but others not ? 
  where do you see a contradiction ? 
  you can reconstruct the history of some words if you have enough data and enough related words in many languages , but sometimes you ca n't reconstruct it due to lacking data . 
  this has nothing to do with the particular language family . 
  it 's the same for proto-indo-european and proto-uralic , too . 
  some words have been reconstructed , some not . 
  obviously the more data and linguists you have , the more chance for successful reconstructions , and the indo-european language family is pretty prominent , so there are many reconstructions there . 
  but proto-indo-european has not been fully reconstructed , there are just some words that have been reconstructed based on regular sound correspondences between today 's indo-european languages . 
  some grammatical features can also be reconstructed , but these are not rock solid things , just plausible and good estimations . 
  it 's not the same in all of europe . 
  in the former communist countries ( including eastern germany ) kids usually go to kindergarten from an earlier age . 
  besides the tradition , a contributing factor in many countries is that the mother ca n't afford to stay away from work for many years as one salary is n't enough to support a whole family . 
  for example in hungary , we even have something called `` b\u00f6lcs\u0151de '' , basically a pre-kindergarten place , for children aged 1-3 . 
  then kindergarten for about 3-6 , then school above 6 years . 
  kindergarden ( and school of course ) are both mandatory to attend . 
  perhaps with some browser extension . 
  normal chrome does n't offer that option . 
  this kind of thing is best when posted as an album of separate images , so you can move at your own pace and can even go back and forth . 
  thanks , ireland !, 
  but yeah , our foreign language skills are pretty atrocious . 
  partly because of the communist years ( russian was forced , but not really learned ) , also because school teaching quality is really bad ( lot of grammar , vocabulary , but little pronunciation and actual communication ) , and also the fact that we do n't have any `` low-hanging fruit '' languages , as no other language is automatically understandable to us at all , not even `` just the main idea '' or at least the topic . 
  dubbing movies on tv ( and partly in cinemas ) instead of subtitling also does n't help . 
  we all understand this . 
  that 's why there 's a light blue color . 
  for example hungary is both red and light blue because the constitution does n't allow same-sex * marriage * , but there is registered partnership .
