  * since the beginning of the immigration crisis more than 300 people have died in terrorist attacks in europe . 
  it 's political . 
  blown way out of proportion . 
  there are similar laws in many other countries in the eu . 
  there 's no restriction on press freedom in hungary . 
  i know how hungary is described in foreign media , i watch and read german media for example , and it 's ridiculous how they exaggerate these things ... often very vague accusations about `` values '' and `` principles '' and `` democracy '' , but when you get to the bottom of it and talk about concrete issues it turns back into something like `` yeah , yeah , but still orban is evil because values and principles '' . 
  you mean `` vote no '' . 
  `` no '' is the government-recommended answer . 
  ( do you want the european union to be able to mandate the resettlement of non-hungarian citizens to hungary without the approval of the national assembly ? ), 
  there 's nothing about 9/11 on those posters . 
  depends on how you define immigrant . 
  [ paris attacks : who were the attackers ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34832512 ) you may call them frenchmen or belgians , others would call them second-generation immigrants . 
  anyhow , it does n't make it much better . 
  if the second generation commits such crimes , it shows integration does n't work . 
   are long wait times really a thing ? 
  yeah . 
  although it varies , depending on what you need . 
  sometimes you need to wait months for some special operation or examination . 
   is seeing a specialist any harder or more costly ? 
  mostly you can only see specialists if your gp refers you to them . 
  but it does n't cost anything extra . 
   do people tend to opt for private healthcare and is it worth the extra cost ? 
  those who can afford it , definitely . 
  i , for example , always go to a private dentist , eye doctor and dermatologist . 
  a family member of mine went for private colonoscopy because otherwise the waiting time was too long . 
  another relative paid for heart mrt ( which actually found some problems and he needed a stent ) because the gp would not refer him there otherwise ( did n't see it as necessary ) . 
  but in the majority of the cases it works out okay . 
  the doctors and especially the nurses are overworked and ( especially the nurses and administrative staff ) earn much much less than in western europe/us , so they are often quite grumpy ( or hostile ) . 
  i was once in a german public hospital and the difference is night and day . 
  in germany it was almost like a hotel , you were treated like a guest , a customer , who gets a service . 
  staying at a hungarian hospital is much more depressing . 
  you are treated like this tiny little nobody among all the huge bosses that run the place and you just have to shut up and do what they tell you and better not disturb them with questions and be happy that you get treated at all . 
  that 's the subjective feeling that one gets . 
  every semester i bought perhaps 2 books for the subjects that i was most interested in or were the hardest . 
  they cost usually something like 5-10 ( rarely 15 ) $ each . 
  over the years i also bought perhaps 2 or 3 more expensive ones ( 20-30 $ ) . 
  but mostly i just went to our excellent library and borrowed the necessary books from there . 
  you could take them for 4 weeks , after that expired you could then renew online several times , then you had to bring them back physically , but could take them out again , unless someone else wanted them . 
  it was pretty simple . 
  perhaps blow off the dust from the [ atlantropa project ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantropa ) . 
  it 's mega enough i guess . 
  definitely not deeply christian . 
  the government has started to push it ( so that the co-governing christian democratic people 's party has something to do ) , but most people could n't care less . 
  if you talk about religion here , you 're definitely considered weird . 
  thankfully it 's nowhere near texas . 
  it 's not my experience when i compare west germans ( nrw ) with people i know from v4 contries + slovenia and romania . 
  but it 's anecdotal and impossible to quantify , so all we have is impressions . 
  in hungary the tradition is engaged left , married right . 
  in my experience germans are n't `` honest '' in the sense that eastern central europeans are . 
  `` honest '' not as opposed to `` liar '' , but as opposed to careful about what to say and how to put it ( in simple workplace or life stuff ) . 
  they like to hint at stuff and keep things formal . 
  but it 's surely differs among regions . 
  it was all over the news , obviously full front page in newspapers , everyone learned bin laden 's name , even us kids talked about it . 
  but i do n't think it was that much of a shock . 
  it was rather some exciting news . 
  i mean people did n't get afraid or something . 
  but i ca n't really `` reconstruct '' what the adult reaction was in the moment . 
  however i only recently learned to appreciate how big a deal it was in the us . 
  the us had basically never experienced big attacks on its own mainland territory . 
  by contrast europe has gone through a lot of destruction and the idea was not as shocking in itself . 
  we had the world wars in our own countries and cities were destroyed almost to the ground . 
  i 'm not saying it was n't a big thing , but it was n't such an incredibly unthinkable thing to us . 
  stuff gets destroyed and cities/buildings get attacked , the interesting thing is how the us has avoided it so long ( having so few neighbors and two huge oceans on the sides helps ) . 
  edit : rereading the comment , it may seem i 'm downplaying it too much . 
  it 's a bit hard to hit the right spot with the ` how big a deal ' - ness . 
  i 'm just saying that it was obviously a smaller deal , but still a big deal . 
   macedonia not until they compromise on the name with greece . 
  probably does n't know the word `` shag '' . 
  most of us are n't native speakers here . 
  if there 's a gemstone then it 's in the engagement ring ( as others have said already ) . 
  but sometimes people do n't have separate engagement ring ( s ) . 
  instead , they wear their wedding rings on their left hands and at the wedding ceremony they move it from the left hand to the right hand . 
  on the state channels they are , on the commercial channels not always . 
  it 's controversial , because here in the central european post-communist countries , we see it as a small part of our history that we were under soviet occupation for 45 years . 
  it 's not the defining characteristic of the countries and we 're trying to get rid of the effects it left on us ( most notably that these countries became a lot poorer and there 's still a stigma on them ) . 
  historically , we are a lot closer culturally to the other countries formerly under habsburg rule + poland and germany , than to russia , ukraine and belarus . 
  this goes for historical religious affiliation ( catholicism and protestantism vs. orthodoxy ) , cuisine , traditions for christmas and easter , all sorts of everyday things . 
  nah , i already lived in the capital , budapest . 
  but otherwise it 's very common . 
  there 's usually a low chance that you 'd have a good university right in your town ( the best are in the capital and perhaps 1 or 2 other cities ) , so most people have to move . 
  poland . 
  well , since we do n't have a shared border any more , it 's a bit more abstract thing , as we do n't meet too often in person . 
  but i think if something serious happens , we 'd have each other 's support . 
  at least for us hungarians , we have a previous history of hostile relations to all our neighbors ( except croatia ) , we do n't come from the same `` family '' ( like slavs ) , we are kind of outsiders still . 
  so we 're quite happy for the friendship with poland , who never attacked us , never occupied us , historically we had personal unions , figures like jozef bem , the help at wartime etc. 
  we have many similarities in our history and culture too . 
  i can understand that it 's not such a big deal for poland , since hungary is now only about a quarter of the size of poland and from an economic point of view germany is a lot more important . 
  nah , hungarians drink a lot . 
  more than the british , on average . 
  not that it 's a positive thing , a lot of it comes from alcoholics . 
   i 'll come in wearing swim-trunks . 
  do n't . 
  if you 're uncomfortable with being naked , use a towel to hide what you want to hide . 
  this `` rule '' is mostly for rural places , where they have their own ( or a relative 's or friend 's ) home-made p\u00e1linka , so it 's more a personal thing to refuse it . 
  but i would n't worry much . 
  if you do n't drink then you do n't . 
  not all hungarians drink either . 
  ( even if europeans in general like to brag about their countrymen being able to drink the most , as if it was some sort of achievement that you can shove alcohol down your throat . ), 
  the `` minimum age '' only means that shops are only allowed to sell alcohol to people above 18 .
