   because fed does n't specify where the money goes it does n't , but their foreign-bank lending correlation with the eur-usd exchange rate certainly suggests this . 
  i read zerohedge because you wo n't find this analysis anywhere in the larger media organisations . 
  it 's extremely probable that this money is going to large european banks , yet the msm wo n't even entertain this idea . 
  and people like you just dismiss it out of hand because of the source . 
  so do you think the data that is presented is incorrect ? 
  if not , do you have a comment on why the fed is lending so much short-term money to european banks ? 
  well , we 've yet to see , but it 's clear that euroscepticism is on the rise . 
  maybe they 're talking about the [ continued bailout of the european banks by the federal reserve ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2013-02-09/feds-bailout-europe-continues-record-237-billion-injected-foreign-banks-past-month ) . 
  homeschooled children tend to go on and succeed academically * and * professionally . 
  certainly more than schooled children . 
  missed the point entirely . 
  `` the worst is over '' - quote from the last six months from anyone who matters in the euro/eu hierarchy . 
  what austerity ? 
  how can we have austerity when the government spending budget has risen in each of the last 5 years , only falling slightly in real terms because of the excessively high inflation that we had a couple of years ago . 
  this austerity argument is a joke . 
   as if they actually want to provoke a war . 
  with who ? 
  you would n't be sensationalising now would you ? 
  a quarter is still rather a lot when you 're talking about anti-euro sentiment in the most important euro nation . 
  people on this subreddit are so dismissive of new parties , yet they 've seen so many rise so far in recent years . 
  hopefully a democratic one . 
  should they not comment on the euro ? 
  i do n't think it 's wise to dismiss populists in times like this . 
  except that it was aimed directly at the heart of the uk economy . 
  argumentum ad absurdum works on both sides of the argument , and on neither is it a good one . 
   nato secured europe from external threats . 
  well , nato also created internal security by creating a continent-wide defensive alliance . 
  no major country could go to war with another inside the defensive alliance . 
  they 'd better make sure the bars are very close together ; he 's a slippery bastard this one . 
   but trying to claim that the present deep recession is a consequence of those long-standing macro problems does n't add up . 
  he shows a deep misunderstanding of the issue here . 
  when all is well , and everyone 's booming , there is leeway with monetary policy . 
  it did n't matter too much that italy 's monetary policy was effectively dictated by germany . 
  when the downturn happened , however , the italian currency was unable to react and adapt to its new environment ( by devaluing ) , causing a further intensification of the crisis . 
  so , in fact it does add up , mr chu , if you have the slightest idea of how currency valuations are affected by downturns in a free market , and how they have been unable to adapt in this dictated market . 
  i would n't tell the americans that we think it 's the eu that 's delivered peace over the last 60 years . 
  they may well think that we 're being ungrateful upstarts , given the role of nato and the us imposition of peace on the continent post-wwii . 
  they may well argue that the eu is a * consequence * of the peace , rather than its cause . 
  and falling rapidly . 
  banned in europe : the history of centralised states . 
  this is one hell of a circlejerk , guys . 
  of course it matters . 
  would labour have secured 3 landslide elections in a row if brown were in charge rather than blair ? 
  has merkel 's steely personality not helped her through these difficult times ? 
  personality and perception are extremely important in a leader of a party . 
  people are not robots , and they vote with emotion as well as logic . 
  sure , but hiking prices does n't necessarily improve the economy . 
  an improving economy generally produces inflation , not the other way round ( although listening to central bankers at the moment , you 'd think differently ) . 
   however , to be able to lend that $ 100 , someone else must have deposited roughly $ 111 in the bank to allow the bank to re-lend $ 100 of it . 
  yes indeed , but that $ 111 does n't have to be dollar bills or central bank money either . 
  it is most likely that this is also money created from a loan . 
  otherwise , where do you think the $ 111 came from ? 
  so your assertion is that all available money is on the central bank balance sheet ? 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fractional_reserve_banking#how_it_works ) explains how a $ 100 deposit could become $ 500 through the fractional reserve banking system . 
  the $ 400 difference does obviously come out of `` thin air '' because it did n't exist before the loans were made ( edit  and is n't backed by any resource whatsoever other than the time and energy taken to enter the data into the bank 's database . 
  he 's trying to shake things up - you do n't do that by being mature . 
   granted , our current currencies are messed up , they serve the purposes of a few at the expense of the rest of us . 
  yet nothing what he says in this video contributes to anything . 
  i think he does contribute . 
  he at the very least informs people of the nature of money ( maybe he 's not 100 % accurate , but he 's opening people 's eyes ) , so that they are aware of the inequality of the money system . 
  his movement was not about him having all the answers , but identifying problems and finding solutions . 
  i find it odd that you ca n't believe that it happens . 
  it 's a very natural thing to want a clean slate - to start over again . 
  and it is far easier to do ( clean the slate ) in a new location . 
   i think italians above all voted against the `` caste '' of politicians how does this explain the berlusconi vote ? 
   the banks also run a risk . 
  otherwise the recent hike in bad loans would have been without consequence for banks . 
  the reason why it 's a risk for the bank is because the bank use the debts are not isolated - there are securitisations of the debt which are traded , increasing short term gain for the banks and decreasing the stability of the system . 
  if the loans were made in isolation and the salaries within the bank actually reflected the amount of work put in to make and monitor the loan ( not very much ) then there would be very little risk to them . 
  neither do modern economists . 
  what he 's railing at is the fractional reserve lending system where money is created as debt basically out of thin air . 
  he 's not claiming to be an expert , just to say that this arrangement is inherently unfair - the borrower puts up their house or their car as collateral , what do the banks put up ? 
  google `` the worst is over '' and you 'll see that plenty of people right at the top of european politics have been saying it . 
  maybe people are fed up of the status quo that has been screwing them over for so long . 
  maybe they want real radical change . 
  because pulling out of the euro is one big hilarious joke . 
  given that the main problems facing a full union of europe are political , i fail to see how fracturing the politics of europe is going to help to that end . 
  i think ultimately , everyone will join . 
  the political will , and strength , is immensely strong and when the current funding transfer crisis is dealt with ( i.e. 
  germany give in ) , the euro will become a strong and stable currency ( gold reserves within the eurozone are immense ) . 
  others , especially britain which has barely anything backing its currency , will be clamouring to join within 10 years . 
   being outside the euro zone -- and not contributing to the european union 's bailout fund this is n't just about the greek bailout . 
  and this is * liabilities * , not acutal money coming out of the coffers . 
  you 're going to have to provide more evidence before you call it made up . 
  so dismissive . 
  you have to start from somewhere . 
   relating to the article though , legally speaking scotland would not be seceding from britain , but breaking the union of the two states it 's not two states , it 's four . 
  they would be seceding from the united kingdom . 
  so that 's the only bit you 've got issues with ? 
  i suppose you have evidence to suggest that this is `` nonsense '' ? 
  given that the italian bond yields jumped by the most in , what , 16 months , that suggests to me that this view may indeed be `` widely shared '' . 
   the ecb rescue depends on countries doing what they are told . 
  this is true - there are conditions with each bailout that require governments to do as they are told . 
   that has now been torn asunder by domestic politics in italy . 
  this is obviously also true , given the nationalist resurgence in italy . 
   the big risk is that markets will start to doubt the credibility of the ecb 's pledge . 
  this follows from the previous two points . 
  so , what 's your objection to the analysis ? 
  it 's very easy to exit , a nationalist government could just unilaterally declare a return to the lira , print up the required number of notes ( with a lot of planning of course , but this is the way it happens ) declaring a bank holiday if needed in order to distribute the notes . 
  they would manage the phase-out too , probably with a set ratio of convertibility .
