  the problem is too much debt across the whole system . 
  this will not be solved with fiscal union . 
  it will , however allow ...  the ecb to act like a real central bank and engage in some qe . 
  because printing money has always been such superb monetary policy . 
  the thing that gets to me about these clips is how the others sit there smiling , mocking , as if what he 's saying has no validity except in ridicule . 
  they are completely delusional . 
  and they are running the eu . 
  if they get their fiscal union , they could be running the continent . 
  scary stuff . 
  you own the restaurant over the street and would have mixed feelings about the scenario . 
  on the one hand , you 'd be happy that they do n't pay their bills and all get kicked out going their own ways - this would leave you ( the dollar ) the undisputed master of the restaurant district as the other restaurant goes bust . 
  on the other hand , their restaurant will lose money and may well go bust , making the area , and hence your restaurant ( economy ) , less attractive . 
  still , at least it 'll be cheaper to buy-up later on ... if the ambitious chinese restaurant in uptown does n't step in first . 
  apart from the six hundred years when europe dominated the world ... 
  that is simply incorrect . 
  the uk has many free trade agreements that work perfectly well without additional integration , although policies do often tend to converge naturally , without the necessary centralised organisation . 
  the swiss , also , seem to be doing ok without it . 
  and the norwegians , the americans , the turks , the chinese ... 
  sure , why not let them work it out for themselves ? 
  i agree that free trade has proven successful in many countries/regions throughout history . 
  you do n't , however , need the eu to have a free market . 
   the increase in wealth because of the inner market has been documented many times . 
  so is this an increase of wealth that switzerland , norway , us , russia , china , etc. 
  did n't see ? 
  or is it just that the world economy was booming due to the credit explosion ? 
  right , in that case we have # 2.35 , 2 buttons a bit of string and some pot and a pot . 
   the current crisis in which the decentrality of the eu has been the problem , not the centrality . 
  this is the argument that comes up all the time . 
  forgetting that we were fine * before * the eu for many hundreds of years , now the depth of the crisis is because we were n't integrated enough . 
  i do n't buy it , mostly because it 's unprovable . 
  yes , health and safety is the first one that comes to mind . 
  blanket rules for health and safety are damaging to countries that need to adapt at this stage , as they decrease competitiveness . 
   bickering over incompatible policies with unilateral benefits is mostly the status quo , not flexibility or swiftness of action . 
  this is exactly my point . 
  you need different policies in different areas . 
  a centralised authority can not hope to keep up with rapidly changing needs . 
  that 's why you 've got `` bickering over incompatible policies '' . 
  i 'll have a rummage down the back of my sofa ... 
  i 'm not sure my boat is big enough , but i 'll give it a go . 
  the problem with the eu is that it is a centralised authority . 
  when times are good , it seems a great idea , and works really well because you have cohesion as problems are able to be masked by general prosperity . 
  as you find throughout history , however , when the shit really hits the fan you find that you need to be flexible , to be able to adjust to changing circumstances in trade , environment , politics , etc. 
  that 's why there is pressure on the eu . 
  if things get much worse economically , the eu will break up under the pressure . 
  i agree that we should give them back , but with some recompense , possibly remuneration , for having looked after them for nearly 200 years . 
  the greeks do n't exactly have the best record in looking after their historical buildings and it would be nice for them to acknowledge our part in their preservation rather than just accusing us of being thieves . 
  so , what if we had stolen the entire parthenon . 
  could we then keep it ? 
  they need to either go full banana-republic and have the ecb guarantee all sovereign/bank debt , or they should shut-up shop and grab the popcorn . 
  with he first method : millions of people lose their savings as we get huge inflation ( possibly the hyper kind ) , euro-denominated debts get wiped out leaving many many many people out of pocket , we get a slow , hugely drawn-out but possibly unnoticed deterioration in the economy ( but nominal gdp will be on target !! ) . 
  with the second method : unknown ... but probably recovering within 5 years . 
  tough choice . 
  seriously tough choice . 
  yep , it 's a funny old thing . 
  i doubt anyone really understands the true nature of money . 
  exactly . 
  and that recognition exists currently . 
  i agree with you that it 's fleeting in the long term , but this is the way the system works at the moment , and so money does actually exist and you can actually buy stuff with it . 
  maybe you 're suggesting that there 's going to be a worldwide hyperinflation ? 
  or a dollar hyperinflation ? 
   the announcement that spain will receive a $ 100 billion bailout from the european financial stability facility marks a further intensification of the crisis of capitalism . 
  straw man in the first sentence . 
  a system where bailouts are the norm is not capitalistic . 
  agreed . 
  it may come if they try to save the euro by full fiscal integration . 
  that would have to come via the eu , so it would need to separate into those who want a full-on superstate , and those who want out . 
   their eu referendum will certainly be interesting . 
  there is no referendum planned . 
   especially since gold has little actual value apart from the arbitrary one we put on it just because it looks pretty and used to be pretty rare . 
  not that i 'm advocating a gold standard or anything , but you are off the mark as to why gold was used as a currency . 
  it has several physical qualities that make it ideal : 1 . 
  it is durable - it does n't react , degrade , oxidise , etc. 
  it is homogeneous - you can divide it up ad infinitum to create any denomination you want . 
  it is portable 4 . 
  it is hard to counterfeit - it 's easily recognisable by the layman . 
  this is a major reason why something like platinum is n't as good . 
  the supply of gold is pretty steady , therefore people have confidence in future costs , allowing the possibility of saving capital - the supply can only increase gradually as it is actually pretty hard to get out of the ground and is n't used in industry in any significant amount ( mostly because of point 1 ) . 
  all of the gold ever mined would fit inside the washington monument . 
   just look at what happened to the spanish economy in the 18th century . 
  the spanish economy was hurt by the massive inflation caused by continuous imports of silver from the new world - nothing to do with a gold standard/gold currency . 
  money has purchasing power , which exists . 
  unless the euro breaks up . 
  it would surely be wise at the moment to store some of your savings outside the euro , if you are in one of the peripheral countries . 
  if the euro collapsed , there would be a bank holiday while new currencies were put in place . 
  the periphery would see their savings devalued instantly as the new currency floated , but the core may well see their savings increase as their new currencies strengthened to reflect the relative strength of their currencies . 
  i do n't understand how that changes anything that i said . 
  doubt it ; there 's no way that image is representing an ancient briton . 
  it 's more like the 19th century , when you 'd not have much of a chance of seeing an englishman in a kilt ( unless he had scottish ancestry ) . 
  we do n't generally see ulster bank notes here , mostly bank of england and bank of scotland ( although even these are few and far between ) . 
  this article is blaming the government of germany , not the banks . 
  and it was n't just the german banks - it was banks from all over europe , but primarily the german ones , the french , and the british . 
   and who took insane risks in ireland , relying on a bailout by the states , can not be blamed ? 
   and what about the banks that ...  and what about the banks , which ... come on , this is the * economist * here , the mouthpiece of the banks . 
  they want easy money ( low interest rates and qe ) because it keeps nominal asset prices high ( preventing banks from realising losses and facing margin calls ) , enables the banks to make easy cash through various forms of carry trade , and is effectively a socialisation of the banks ' losses . 
  phrases like `` economic meltdown '' and `` pull the entire world economy down '' are used to scare you , because the way they are interpreted is entirely subjective . 
  i would n't pay much attention ; this person clearly does n't know what they 're talking about because they do n't offer any concrete facts . 
  i think it 's really both . 
  the debt bubble started well before the euro was introduced . 
  however , binding yourself inside a currency union only gives you inflexibility when you need it the most . 
  the collapse of the debt bubble immediately exposed the weaknesses in the eurozone .
