  the other countries outside the eu will form a second tier of the eu with looser ties than currently , focussing mainly on trade and the environment . 
  the second tier will pull in norway and switzerland as well as the remaining eu countries . 
  maybe 20 years , rather than 10 . 
  you 're confusing private debt with public debt . 
   there 's projections most `` respected '' and * official * projections have been woefully optimistic over the last five years . 
  maybe they 're thinking of the alternatives and giving a relative answer . 
  at 1:01 they 're definitely british !, 
  but they mostly spoke the same language and had the same shared history . 
  europe has a history of non-integration , no common language , massively diverse culture , etc. 
  very different from the states . 
  the eu is already pretty authoritarian . 
  imagine what it would be like with more centralised power . 
  anything with unknown results is experimentation really . 
  and the results of abandoning austerity are unknown . 
  i 'm sure they 'd do very well - i 'm not talking about specific examples . 
  this is a generalisation , and arguing with extreme examples is not really good technique . 
  man-management is a huge part of company management , and group dynamics are integral to man-management . 
  i guessed that , but the principle is the same . 
  our morality , and the way we act in groups is not only cultural - a huge part of it is controlled by genetics that have evolved over millions of years . 
  to say that we can ignore it by choice is way off the mark . 
   our base instinct is also often to kill things , but we rarely do that any more . 
  our base instinct is to take what we want you 're really wrong about this . 
  read a book called the evolution of morality , by richard joyce , and you may open your eyes a little . 
   and the traits that are important do n't come down to such clear genetic differences this statement needs a bit of explaining given the well documented role of the alpha male in groups . 
  what you 're effectively saying is that genetics have nothing to do with roles in society , that it 's about nurture , not nature . 
  that people do not have this sort of base instinct any more - we 're all rational now . 
   have been cultural factors and institutions that have kept men in positions of power and women in subservient positions throughout history well how did they get into the position to do that in the first place ? 
  are men just more subversive ? 
  or , is it a more natural position that males are the leaders , as they are in most families , businesses , tribes , etc. 
  this is also the case with other apes - it 's very rare to see a female running the show . 
  males are bigger and stronger , and there 's plenty of research to show that these qualities are what people look for in a leader . 
  they feel safe with an alpha male . 
   i just think there 's way too much diversity in the human race to boil it down to simple arguments like that , the reason that it 's a simple argument is because it 's the obvious argument . 
  if you 're going to refute it , you have to do it head on . 
  why would it * not * be the case , when it 's obvious that males have better leadership qualities ? 
  males have been leaders throughout history , except for a few notable examples . 
  why is it different in the workplace ? 
   there exist corporate cultures practices , particularly the higher up you go , that preclude women from getting higher level jobs to a large extent . 
  it could also be that women are not as assertive as men and do n't naturally have the same level of leadership qualities that an alpha male does ( generally speaking of course ) . 
  one may conclude that women simply are n't as good at the top job , which requires these qualities , as men are . 
  but as they said yesterday , slovenia definitely do n't need a bailout . 
  no way . 
  [ hint : bailout coming very soon ], 
  i 'm not sure whether your comment agrees or disagrees with the article . 
  of course it does . 
  they 're fucked without printed money . 
  agreed , and the graph shows that she * slowed * the deindustrialisation . 
  my point being that many things that are attributed to thatcher were not her doing . 
  thanks for those - the reply i was really looking forward to , however , was that about deindustrialisation . 
  it 's one of the main reasons that people hate thatcher but it 's not entirely true . 
  best thing to do is to read the obituaries in the telegraph and the guardian - then you have both points of view . 
  edit : obituaries from the [ guardian ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2013/apr/08/margaret-thatcher-dies-aged-87 ) and the [ telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/margaret-thatcher/8093845/margaret-thatcher-obituary.html ), 
  yeah , just ask russia . 
   she ruined the whole nation 's industry which industry did she destroy ? 
  and do you really think our public services were good in the 70s ?!!, 
  i love how people are quoting chomsky and the guardian like there 's no tomorrow - it 's almost as if you 're deliberately searching for a biased view . 
  i do n't mind people having negative views of thatcher - there are a quite a few things to be negative about . 
  but this list is inaccurate , filled with `` common knowledge '' instead of facts . 
   never won the votes of more than a third of the electorate just plain wrong . 
  deindustrialisation : british mining and manufacturing have been indecline since the 50s . 
  [ thatcher 's contribution was barely significant ] ( http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/45581000/gif/_45581766_uk_mining_11year466.gif ) . 
  deregulation of the city : although it started with thatcher 's `` big bang '' in 1986 , blair 's government took up the reins with gusto , and his tenure saw far higher credit expansion . 
  if you want an accurate review of thatcher , do n't read the guardian - it 's like asking sarah palin if she likes fags . 
  why would it not be profitable ? 
  people would pay rather a lot to go to that . 
  he 's probably an invader of some sort . 
  in the land of the paraplegics , the blind man is king . 
  rose-tinted glasses can get you into awful fixes . 
  maybe you need opposing views like this so as to challenge your own orthodoxy . 
  if we only read the guardian and the bbc , we 'd think that everything was rosy in the eurozone . 
  an even better idea than putting all your money in somewhat uncertain bonds , would be to put them in more certain bonds . 
  spread them around a little and mitigate the risk of a catastrophe ( which may well have happened without last year 's bailout ) . 
   that social security fund will not be the biggest problem . 
  it would certainly be one of the biggest . 
  imagine those who survive on a state pension suddenly being cut-off . 
   because the uk public want to stay in the eu but the government are trying to appeal to the racist/retard crowd ( ukip ) [ 56 % of britons would vote to quit eu in referendum ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2012/nov/17/eu-referendum-poll ), 
  what you 're talking about is maintaining the balance of power , not `` divide and rule '' ( do you really think that the uk is trying to `` rule '' europe ? ) . 
  maintaining the balance of power has been a central european theme by all major players for many centuries . 
   [ t ] he eu has the necessary minimal attributes of a federal system i would argue that fiscal transfers are a minimum necessary attribute , otherwise you just have a hegemony , not a union . 
  another good point . 
  this has been happening for centuries . 
  the british army has been very welcoming to foreigners as far back as you look in the history books - not sure it did much for our european integration ... 
  there is a prevailing feeling that the leaders of the eu are very remote and that there is a lack of democracy . 
  that needs to be sorted before people can really start to believe in full integration . 
  it 's `` common knowledge '' that the uk is currently in a period of austerity , yet government spending has only dropped a couple of percent in real terms over the last five years . 
  hardly `` austere '' . 
  sorry to hear that , it 's a terrible thing that 's going on . 
   bailing out countries is not an empire , just a thankless task . 
  it 's not as if they * gave * the money away . 
  all the bailouts so far have been loans . 
  some bailout . 
  they may open the banks on thursday , but capital controls will be in place for many months or years . 
  he 's basically been knighted by the current political class because he advocates policies that keep them in jobs , and so he has assumed an ethereal self-importance . 
  maybe because of our strong economy , international influence , and haute cuisine . 
  excellent , i missed seeing foxy knoxy on the telly . 
  nowhere near , i 'm afraid . 
  boris ' rise is inexorable . 
  * originally * indian . 
  best : curry . 
  weird how most of the articles coming from outside the eurozone say it 's in trouble , yet those inside seem to support it .
