  our bloated social costs are crippling us . 
   there must be a point where the burden on industry and commerce of regulatory compliance outweighs the advantage of a supposedly more open market . 
  it is already crippling europe 's less efficient states and is making all europe uncompetitive with the world . 
  the last war is over . 
  the virtues of economic union should be a matter of fact , of evidence , not ideology . 
  the eu is an economy , not a faith . 
  it should have arguments , not jihads . 
  r/europe , take note . 
  no , elected as an mp . 
  i do n't see what this has got to do with `` the man '' . 
  it 's more about left-wing politics , of which fry is a talismanic proponent . 
   but something radical needs to be done . 
  how about leaving the eurozone so that exports become competitive again ? 
  or is that off-limits ? 
  it was a one-sided piece designed specifically to attack the right-wing press . 
  they are effectively saying that the right-wing press are scaremongering , yet that 's exactly what the pro-eu camp are doing at the moment saying that it will be a disaster if we leave , and that it will have a `` chilling effect '' on business ( deputy prime minister of all people ) . 
  there are no hard facts , no numbers , just scaremongering . 
  excellent pro-eu propaganda from the bbc yet again . 
  yes , he was indeed elected . 
  the good people of kircaldy and cowdenbeath voted him in . 
  and monti ? 
  is it fear or political calculation ? 
  i suppose it depends on which newspapers you read . 
  street surveys . 
   well , there is a campaign against the eu by several british newspapers there 's also a pro-eu campaign being waged by several major news organisations , most notably the bbc and the guardian . 
  no , it would have been very difficult for him not to offer a referendum and still retain the leadership of his party at the next general election . 
  this is a palm leaf to the eu from cameron . 
  he 's trying his hardest to keep us in , but the media and the electorate want a referendum . 
  so he 's saying to the eu `` meet me halfway here and we could get an ` in ' vote '' . 
   are you sure that people in this subreddit want to have a federation with corrupt countries , or do they want a federation , when the problems of corruption are solved in those countries ? 
  pretty sure they want it as soon as possible . 
  i have n't heard much talk of `` let 's wait until romania has a functioning democracy '' . 
  because it was essential to satisfy the mps of his own party . 
  great post , we should do one of these each week !, 
  i agree , but the eu is a step further , a step in the wrong direction . 
   but no two eu nations have fought with each other since its implementation . 
  nor since the formation of nato , the military defensive umbrella of the continent . 
  so , which is the cause ? 
  you did n't take logic101 did you ? 
  it 's more about feeling than logic . 
   ehm , your head of state is a monarch by birth right ... who has zero practical power other than to check where our gold is !, 
   the anti-eu warrgarbl is strong here . 
  it 's partly this attitude towards eurosceptics that is the problem . 
  no , it is n't democratic because decisions and the direction of the eu have almost zero input from the populace , partly because of confusion . 
  do you see the distinction ? 
  nice turn of phrase , but it has nothing to do with what we 're talking about . 
   as a result of their choice , you get a more complex system and the people need to study how it works . 
  as long as the information is available i do n't see what 's the problem if you do n't mind me saying so , this is a rather naive view . 
  in * practical * terms you 'll never get even a majority of the populace to be knowledgeable enough about it . 
  do you have a relevant example ? 
   an ` eu behemoth ' is the only way to be economically competitive against other behemoths like the usa , china or russia . 
  what are you on about ? 
  this is n't about a gdp penis-waving contest . 
  gdp per capita ( ppp ) is obviously far more important . 
  i think you got the economic and the influence/military-might arguments mixed up . 
   but hey , got ta keep those pesky immigrants out , heh ??? 
  please point me to anywhere on this post , or on any other post i 've made that leads you to believe that this is anywhere close to my belief . 
  i have no idea how this applies to me , i work in the private system . 
  it 's not everyone 's right to move where they want , and it seems a bit odd just to use this one argument to justify the construction of the eu behemoth . 
   which you will probably be denied if you do n't have a job when moving to other country . 
  i 've actually looked into this because i 've thought of emigrating outside the eu too . 
  my income , which is independent of location , is good enough to immigrate to every country i 've looked at . 
  you should n't make these assumptions when entering into an argument . 
   `` i 'm so tired of sending my money to those lazy greeks !!!, 
  i 'm sooo anti-eu !!!, 
  ok family , let 's move to france like those folk on tv !! '', 
  ( thus taking advantage of all rights the eu gives you without knowing about them ) even without the eu ( or `` those folk on tv !! '' ), 
  i would still wish to pursue this course . 
  firstly , it 's cheaper to buy land in spain , which is where i am currently focussed , than in england - it 's an economic reason , not an envious one . 
  secondly , why does everyone on here assume that you ca n't emigrate without being in the union ?!, 
  i 'm guessing that people are just of an age that they do n't know any different . 
   but i do n't like the idea that bob smith the white van driver who hates immigrants getting a say everyone should have a say . 
  it 's the height of arrogance to think that your belief ( that may or may not have been warped by a left-leaning university education ) is worth more than others . 
  a point of view that i often see on reddit is that old people are holding back progress with their right-wing voting . 
  maybe they 're more right wing because they 've grown up a bit , seen the real world , and have lost some of their youthful wide-eyed idealism . 
  it 's the same here , you think that the world you walk in is better than that of the `` white van man '' , but maybe you do n't see the problems/issues that he does . 
  maybe it 's * your * opinion ( as well as his ) that has been warped by a media ( guardian , bbc ) that is biased . 
   yes , but you did n't have an automatic right to , and you had to get visas to work , which could be refused that 's the same everywhere , but it 's not really difficult , certainly not for a graduate and business owner . 
  it 's not exactly something i 'm worried about . 
  central banks are not independent and they are manipulated by politics . 
  look at the appointment of carney at the boe . 
  they ( osborne and cameron effectively ) appointed the most dovish contender they could because they knew that he would pursue qe policies . 
   but far more short-sighted mindless and simply ignorant people . 
  and plenty of arrogant people too , it seems . 
   but , information about the eu is open to everyone just because it 's available , it does n't mean that it 's easy to understand/digest the ramifications . 
  the eu is too complex to be understood by the layperson . 
  national states are hard enough , we should n't have this extra layer of obfuscation on top . 
  more limited but not impossible . 
  do people not migrate to europe from outside the eu ? 
  did no-one migrate before the eu ? 
  just because it 's dead easy now , it does n't mean that it 's not possible or practical without the eu . 
   i think it should be left to those qualified to make the decision well , the problem is that they often have a vested interest in those decisions . 
   it is what has given you the freedom to move to any country in the eu incorrect , it was possible to move to other european countries ( and countries around the world ) before the eu , and it will be possible in the future , regardless of the eu . 
  it is undemocratic because the average european ( barring the users of this subreddit of course , who are actually rather well informed about the processes of the eu ) does not understand how it works and how to affect it . 
  it is too large , too confusing . 
  democracy requires the power to be with the people . 
  how can they have the power if they do not understand the process ? 
  i do n't believe britain is all that democratic really , but right now we have * two * undemocratic systems . 
  two wrongs do not make a right . 
  if it is hard enough for the british people to understand how british laws are made , how will they ever understand europe too ?
