  whether or not they are kicked out of the eu as a result is another matter , but the currency is not set in stone . 
  ah yes , the idiot people - we ca n't leave these important decisions up to them now can we !, 
  you seem to be ignoring reality . 
   the eu is n't only an economic organization . 
  it 's a political project aimed at unification . 
  exactly , and the fact that it 's a political project is why countries may leave the euro . 
  if a populist gets into power , countries may leave . 
  maybe because they think that the system is so broken , so unrepresentative of the people , that something has to be done about it , and that may be to break the current system . 
   do campaign posters also conflict with democracy ? 
  if they were produced by the state and directed to one side , yes . 
  democracy at its finest . 
   this article is about ethnicity , not immigration . 
  well the article is about white people leaving london , and that they are leaving because of the influx of `` foreign immigrants '' , not because of the influx of ethnic minorities . 
  to be honest , i think it 's less about race than about `` foreigners '' . 
  i think that people are frustrated by a state that is struggling to support itself , yet spends vast amounts of money on welfare of immigrants , when they think that the money should be theirs . 
  also there is the `` they 're coming to take our jobs '' mindset that has been prevalent for a long time . 
  i 'm not saying they 're right , but i think that 's the mindset . 
   which is what ? 
  which is that the daily mail is more reflective of public opinion on immigration than is the bbc . 
  there are a host of other factors , as you well know . 
  not least of which that ukip is only 20 years old , fighting against 3 major established parties and their financial dominance . 
  to be honest , its rise could well be indicative of my point . 
  sure , the daily mail is far more reflective of popular opinion - the bbc dare n't go that far . 
  well , they 're about 20 years behind the daily mail on this one , but better late than never i suppose . 
  edit : to be fair , i was expecting the downvotes for this comment . 
  you do n't refute the fact that the rest of the press is following the mail 's lead on this issue , you just downvote because * the fucker mentioned the daily fail in a slightly positive sentence * . 
  that is * external * debt - i wonder if euro debt is counted in that . 
  whatever the spin , spain 's debt load is getting larger , not smaller . 
  [ ** much larger ** ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2013-02-18/chart-day-spanish-debt ) . 
  and the unemployment situation is getting worse too ( here 's [ youth unemployment ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2013-02-14/greek-youth-unemployment-tops-60 ) ) . 
  with these two bits of data , it 's extremely hard to argue that the economic situation is even stabilising , let alone getting better . 
  cricket , the gentleman 's game . 
  r/europe 's going to love this . 
  uk : [ hearts of oak ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nxfcdgyana ), 
  french is fantastic . 
  expressive and elegant . 
  i thought mourinho was russian the first time i heard him . 
  i think that there are similarities , but maybe we do n't pick up the nuances that you do . 
   what i see is that us growth , unemployment and inflation ( surprisingly ) are better in the us than the eurozone the thing is that there are other factors that could have caused this , the shale gas boom for instance . 
  my point is that the title is stating something as fact that could be explained by other means . 
   austerity plunges europe into recession again is it possible to prove that austerity is the cause when it ca n't be tested scientifically ? 
   sending money to greece to the german and french banks * via * greece . 
  yes , you could say `` greece is still fucked '' , or `` greek economy getting worse '' , or `` greek unemployment hits new record '' . 
  all of which are valid . 
   if greece has already had record unemployment , and the economy is continuously deteriorating , does n't that mean that every time they release unemployment figures it will be a new record ? 
  yes , obviously . 
  what 's your point ? 
  it 's not so easy when your currency is overvalued , as they are in the countries of the other car manufacturers listed ( except opel obviously ) . 
  rediquette exists ? 
  i thought that was just a pipedream . 
  scaremongering is a natural stance for supporters of the status quo . 
  that 's why you 'll hear it from unionists in the scotland referendum and unionists in the eu referendum . 
  we 're already hearing that leaving the eu would have a `` chilling effect '' on the economy , and would be a `` devastating blow '' to britain . 
  it 's hard to present facts and win with this type of thing going on . 
  personally , i do n't think scotland will leave , and i do n't think britain will leave . 
  i downvoted for your whinging edit . 
  it 's mostly the same thing here unfortunately . 
  if that 's how you read record-low german interest rates , then yes . 
  to me , it seems like a flight to safety . 
  edit : even british rates are at all time lows , and we 're the most indebted country in the world . 
   that has finally seemed to subside . 
  this is only a temporary lull . 
  there is an air of complacency in the upper echelons of the euro project . 
  with recent bank nationalisations in italy and the netherlands , it 's a reminder that we 're still on a precipice . 
  it wo n't take much to flare up again . 
  this is a very sensible view on europe , however we need help from other european countries if we are to stay in the eu . 
  if , by 2017 , the eu is in ever closer union , headed towards a federation , the uk may well vote to leave . 
  the eu needs to create a second-tier that is outside this ever-increasing union , but that is inside the single market and other related issues . 
  this is not wishful thinking , van rompuy himself suggested something similar . 
  if that were the case , if the uk did not think that we would be voting for something that would turn into a federation , then we would not vote to leave . 
  for this to happen , the eu needs to create a second tier . 
  they need to make it acceptable for the uk to stay in , but not to join the euro and the political structures that go with it . 
  it 's not going to be easy to separate these things , but it needs to be done . 
  yes , it 's because reddit is mostly made up of students and other liberal types . 
  on any dm post on this subreddit ( and most others too ) the top comment is always anti-dm . 
  it 's almost like free karma . 
  wherever you go , just try to get out of the cities . 
  buses are cheap , generally reliable , and will get you to some amazing places . 
   one ca n't have a democracy with his scale of media ownership . 
  the two are not reconcilable . 
  and nor can one have a democracy with an appointed government . 
   mr hollande called on government leaders to agree on a target for the currency 's exchange rate over the medium-term ... the eurozone must , through its heads of state and government decide on a medium-term exchange rate ... we ca n't let the euro fluctuate according to the mood of the market . 
  so hollande overtly states that he wants the ecb to be a currency manipulator . 
  the bbc once again shows its bias . 
  if it were trying to be balanced , it would have quoted someone who disagreed with hollande , yet they went with the most pro-eu mep there is : mr verhofstadt . 
  in fact , verhofstadt seems to get more air time on the bbc than most of our own politicians - certainly more than any of our meps . 
  we should crush any dissension of the great benevolence of the eu . 
  go on . 
  you 're going to need at least one citation ( not the guardian ) to back that up . 
  as detailed in the day of the jackal , by frederick forsyth . 
  that does n't follow . 
  one of the reasons federalisation wo n't work in the long run : europeans do n't understand each other . 
  i think it will be lessened by the austerity measures that are currently causing this depression . 
  and if they do n't , they might as well be saying that we prefer an economic depression . 
  the harsh truth that farage has been right about many of the economic developments of the last 10 years , which have turned out to be anti-eu ? 
  could you explain ? 
  as a previous economics student , i 'm really interested to hear what you have to say . 
  do n't get me wrong , i still think they will devalue the euro in line with others in this currency war , because they ca n't afford to be left uncompetitive as you rightly state . 
  but the combined euro-country gold reserves will give it stability towards the end , helping it to challenge the dollar for reserve status . 
   countries can already exit the eu and through that , everything else .
