  except democracy . 
  food prices are still very near historic lows in terms of household disposable income . 
  this food price fascination is a red herring - it 's housing prices ( both ownership and rental ) that are the real killer . 
  how does having your monetary policy dictated by a higher entity restrict your ability to adapt ? 
  you really want me to answer that ? 
  because it seems self-evident to me . 
  the crisis was caused by the debt , but the reason why greece , portugal , and spain can not adapt to this crisis is the euro . 
  it 's the reason why it 's turned from recession to depression for these countries . 
  it 's almost as if you think that greece , portugal , and spain have benefited from the euro , and are not in a depression because of it . 
   does not compute so that they can devalue and become competitive . 
   it 's easier for us to export for our largest market , the eurozone . 
  but you 're competing at similar wage levels with countries with much better products . 
  ah , a student then . 
  also , do you downvote everyone who you disagree with ? 
  which is it ? 
  school ? 
  my guess is that you 're still at school . 
  at best , you 're a student . 
   it 'd be like trying to fracture usa states apart . 
  oh god , you 're insane . 
   the governments did . 
  the lack of fiscal union did the most , obviously , because it allowed governments to run up unsustainable debt levels . 
  ... and delusional . 
   if greece was n't in the emu , it 'd be bankrupt now , and in a middle of civil war/ending the civil war . 
  ... and ... well , i do n't quite know what to say about that . 
  when the uk left emu in the early nineties , the economy got an instant boost . 
  when argentina left the dollar peg the same thing happened . 
  what makes you think this is any different , given the evidence that the euro is what has caused the depression in the med ? 
   eu member states have no other option , than to integrate . 
  or to decentralise . 
  one or the other . 
  get out of the euro , get back to competitiveness . 
  you 're never going to grow your way out of debt without exporting . 
  do n't you just love a good proxy war ? 
  this is n't a mercator projection , so the northern hemisphere countries do n't look as big as they normally do . 
   that 's not me talking , that 's krugman and stiglitz [ 1 ] but i 'm sure they do n't know jack shit about these things . 
  two more militant keynesians you could n't have found . 
  not exactly apples to apples . 
   it 's mostly a way to say ` we 're bloody pleasant to each other , are n't we ? 
  look at us being all bloody civilized ! ' . 
  the cynicism runs deep with you !, 
  this is a practice that has been going on since time immemorial in rural places , and it works . 
  ca n't you see different shades ? 
  you neglect the increased competitiveness for one . 
  which name ? 
   it might be closer than many people think . 
  business lobbies and the city would be pro-eu ( but probably not pro-euro adoption ) . 
  hardly any pro-eu voices are heard in public discourse , that 's on of the reasons why the euro-sceptics are getting bolder . 
  hardly any ? 
  have you not been watching the bbc recently ? 
  or more likely that europe is more left wing than the us . 
   no , but if you agree with what you said before , you can leave . 
  leave ? 
  why would i leave ? 
  looks like i ca n't win here . 
   it 's always been the continent against the island has n't it ? 
  in the english minds at least . 
  you just ...  say the english , no wonder really . 
  english people 's opinions do n't count . 
  we 're all racist idiots . 
  there 's only one type of opinion that counts and that 's a pro-europe one . 
  and in the meantime , individual countries are making deals that suit them better than a collective agreement . 
  txampion strikes again ... 
  oh good , so we wo n't have to print any more money to keep them afloat then ... 
  yep , let them leave the depression-mechanism that is the euro and they can start to recover . 
  the eu , centralising corruption since 1993 . 
  panama are n't joining the euro . 
  central america . 
  also , read the article . 
  it 'll be the commissioners i suspect . 
  nothing to do with the people . 
   well , the first thing ppl here did when nationalists got to power and nation-states were created , was to proceed slaughtering one another ... and getting a semi-functional democracy went hand-in-hand with the eu accession process . 
  you 're talking as if peace and democracy are products of the last 50 years . 
  nato was created before the eu . 
  it 's nato that 's kept the peace in europe , not the eu . 
  this is the ultimate in politicisation of the nobel peace prize . 
  it has now ceased to have any validity . 
  ah , the wonderful cfp at work . 
  he gets to the nub in such devastating style . 
  great reading . 
  if only they 'd let the ecb add some zeros to some bank accounts , then all of our problems would be solved . 
  sure , but let 's say we did n't want barosso to get another term as our president . 
  how do we go about that ? 
   if they are not in line with a constitution a constitution that is determined by an electorate . 
  you ca n't compare judges to lawmakers in this instance . 
  true the commission has the power of initiation of legislation but it then goes through two eu institutions both consisting of elected ministers . 
  and there 's pressure on meps to put laws through , after all , their existence depend on it . 
  so we ca n't get rid of individual commissioners . 
  hardly a democracy . 
  not for the commission there are n't . 
  if the only body that can propose laws is unelected and unaccountable then what kind of democracy do we have ? 
  how could we get rid of barosso , for instance ? 
   commissioners selected by national elected governments this is the main issue i have with it . 
  however , i 'd be very happy with the eu if it were democratic . 
  if it reflected what the people actually wanted , rather than what the political classes wanted , then that 's good enough for me . 
  maybe not . 
  edit : oh lordy the downvotes . 
  i 'm simply suggesting that they may well not be idiots and may well have some particular motive , and maybe they achieved their aims . 
  to judge that they are idiots just from a photo and your own prejudices seems to me to be rather ignorant . 
  it certainly exacerbates the issue .
