  they * will * require a `` bailout '' , because they ca n't grow out of this mess . 
  so , do you think spain 's rating should be higher ? 
  hell yes . 
  that 's all fine , but the reason that they can not grow out of their debt is because the economy is based on consumption , financed by debt . 
  the only way to keep gdp growth positive is by issuing and spending debt . 
  this is not a crisis that we 're going to come out of any time soon . 
  indeed , in around mid-2000s energy prices were rising and may well have been the trigger for the recession . 
  but it was not the sole cause , as you are asserting . 
  as i have said elsewhere in this thread , we had switched to a consumption economy financed by debt due to our increasing uncompetitiveness with emerging economies . 
  this is the root cause , energy prices were ( could have been ) the trigger . 
  debt was the main thing that changed . 
  massive , uncontrollable , unsustainable debt . 
  i understand that , but it was n't the energy prices that made us uncompetitive with emerging economies , otherwise they would have suffered in the same way . 
  the difference is that they are more competitive due to lower wages and we had to offset it by going into debt . 
  that was the cause of the current crisis . 
  in the longer term i agree with you . 
  your assertion that the whole crisis is based on high energy prices is not correct . 
  our economic expansion of the mid-20th century and subsequent enlargening of entitlements and welfare states led to a bloated economy . 
  globalisation then led to direct competition of the developed nations with emerging economies . 
  in order to offset the ensuing lack of competitiveness , developed nations switched to a consumption-based economy financed by debt ( because they could no longer compete on exports ) . 
  easy money ( cheap debt ) led to imbalance and malinvestment . 
  this is the ultimate cause of the crisis , although high energy prices certainly contributed a large amount . 
   we can never compete with emerging economies until we sink so low as to become the next batch of emerging economies a couple of generations from now because the currently emerging economies pay very low wages and have a massively well-educated and eager workforce who have n't yet discovered the bourgeois dream is a dangerous trap . 
  this is correct . 
  we do not have protectionism , so we are competing almost directly with the emerging economies of asia . 
  our manufacturing will not recover until it becomes economical again to do so . 
  this is the major and lasting effect of globalisation . 
   debt is meaningless because we invented money , made it out of thin air and somewhat control the rules and regulations of the game . 
  national debt is taken out over extremely long periods of time during which the inflation built into our suicidal economic system makes it so that after a generation the debt shrinks and it does n't matter . 
  i do n't know where to start here ... debt is * meaningful * because its interest payments stifle our economy . 
  we * could * just inflate it away , but then no-one would lend to us again and our currency would become worthless . 
  your assertion that each new generation starts off with a clean sheet is way off . 
   why ca n't we think of a new game which works better ? 
  there is - it 's called sound economical management . 
  unfortunately this means that occasionally politicians will be required to do something unpopular which may affect their re-election chances . 
  this is a perfect excuse for more qe . 
  first , george osborne will suggest that it may be a good way to offset the effects of budget cuts . 
  then the mpc will vote in favour . 
  we 'll get a quick sugar rush then fall back into recession , because we 're not competitive with emerging economies and have too much debt ( the core problems that are nowhere near being solved , here or in the rest of europe ) . 
  what do you mean ` even as ' ? 
  i suspect most british eurosceptics would feel the same !, 
  but only from a certain viewpoint , and not very well either . 
  another thought : is the eu workable with two different currency unions ? 
  if there were moves towards fiscal union , for instance , would there not need to be two of them ? 
  if so , and you had two different fiscal and monetary unions , surely you also need two political unions to make it workable . 
   the northern banks would still get repaid but the currency they 'd be repaid in would be the devalued southern `` old '' euro the thing is , it still looks like a default on the balance sheets of the banks . 
  they would need to raise massive amounts of capital to avoid margin calls . 
  that amount of money could only come from central banks . 
  my view is that there is no solution that is politically acceptable other than to monetise the current sovereign and bank debt . 
  this will either be done by carrying on as we have been , ltros and qe as and when needed , or by issuing eurobonds . 
  i know that monetisation of the debt seems to be not politically acceptable , but it 's better than default and deflation , which would see the current leaders out of jobs . 
  surely that would mean that the south would default on their loans from the banks of the north . 
  the north would be the ones who would need to qe to prop up their banking sector . 
  did you not hear him say that it was a euphemism ? 
  meant not to be taken literally . 
   would things turn out much differently if 100 % of the funds were spent wisely ? 
  well , yes of course . 
  why would you think otherwise ? 
  there 's an argument to say that the ratings are far too high at the moment , especially given the aaa subprime fiasco . 
  but i guess burying your head in the sand is a decent strategy too ... 
   it 's quite possible to be right-wing and pro-europe , or left-wing and anti-europe . 
  generally , left-wing means centralisation , and right-wing means decentralisation , and that 's what i meant when i said it . 
  this subreddit is even more left wing than r/unitedkingdom , which is saying something . 
  it may as well be called r/proeurope . 
  yet another example of the detrimental effects of the lack of sovereignty in the eu . 
  i wonder what it will take for people to reject their european overlords . 
  yet you seem to think that sacking people makes your company more profitable ?!, 
  how do you propose that you make money without employees ? 
  you did n't study economics did you ? 
  there is only one way this is going to be ` solved ' : eurobonds and their monetisation by the ecb . 
  you realise that most pension funds are also invested in the stock market ? 
  anti-centralisation , so anti-eu . 
  it does more harm than good - the worst element of it being that it adds another layer of abstraction between the european people and their government . 
  people will only become more apathetic and more disillusioned . 
  it 's pretty obvious what he means . 
  according to cds spreads , greece has a 97 % chance of default . 
  it 's not exactly over ... 
  maybe they got confused with nicolosi , which is fairly near there i guess ... clutching at straws here ... 
  the second bit first . 
  they have n't left yet because the people are rarely asked . 
  if there was a referendum in the uk , for instance , on membership of the eu right now - there would be a majority saying we should leave . 
  but it 's in the interests of the politicians to keep us there , so we stay . 
  now the first bit , you obviously have to weigh up the pros and cons , and using the uk as an example again , we pay # 50 million ** per day ** into the union , and it 's widely perceived here that we do not get a net benefit from it . 
  maybe they 're unaware of the benefits because they have n't seen any benefits yet . 
  there are members of the european parliament who want to see it broken up , and plenty of voters who want that too . 
  why should their money go to making ridiculous adverts that try to make people feel warm and fuzzy about the union ? 
  why should it advertise itself ? 
  absolutely ( the vast majority of advertising anyway ) . 
  nothing to do with race , this is propaganda because it is not actually providing information but is trying to influence the attitudes of viewers towards seeing the eu as a good thing . 
  a soft power for the greater good of the world . 
  quite simply , it is propaganda . 
  i 'm not even saying that in a bad way , the word ` propaganda ' is not necessarily negative , it 's just a definition that describes very well what is going on in this video . 
  it really is [ propaganda ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda ) :  propaganda is a form of communication that is aimed at influencing the attitude of a community toward some cause or position . 
  as opposed to impartially providing information , propaganda , in its most basic sense , presents information primarily to influence an audience . 
  the link in your last comment is lets down the rest of your reasonable post . 
  i think that 's what ` in history ' means . 
  rightly so . 
  this is a major turning point in the structure of eurozone countries . 
  it 's just a shame that most others wo n't be asked the same thing . 
  does anyone know where the money came from to fund these ltros ?
