  there is dodgy journalism at any news organisation . 
  it 's exactly what they would have done here in the uk . 
  i get a lot of shit for my english flair . 
  everyone 's into blackmail these days . 
  bubbles everywhere . 
  it 's going to be pretty horrible when these ones pop . 
  propaganda against the people who the video is obviously against ... surely . 
  i 'm just saying that if you only willfully present one side of the story , then it 's not journalism , it 's propaganda . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda  propaganda is a form of communication that is aimed at influencing the attitude of a community toward some cause or position by presenting only one side of an argument . 
  ok , mr pedantic , let me rephrase it : this video is propaganda . 
  you 're missing my point . 
  you need two sides to a discussion , otherwise it 's propaganda . 
  yes , the other side is the government 's side . 
  there was n't a single government spokesman interviewed . 
   `` our friends , family and ex-schoolmates earned billions with the construction boom and dirty business due to our corruption . 
  nowadays , they 're only earning millions . 
  so , we 're cutting the education and healthcare budget to make for their losses . 
  privatize the profits and collectivize the losses , is our motto . 
  people is pissed off and we send the police to beat the shit out of them '' . 
  i do n't think that 's what they 'd 've said . 
  that was a fantastic and informative article ... until he put forward his solution ( more europe ) . 
  he should have stuck to analysis . 
  i do n't disagree with the sentiment , but you can hardly call it accurate if only one side of the story is presented . 
   this still does n't explain why we could n't make our currency weak all by ourself . 
  i 'm sure you can . 
  i never said you could n't . 
  all i 'm saying is that when you have currency union between a strong country and a weak country , the currency will be weak for the strong currency and strong for the weak currency . 
  do you accept that ? 
  if you do n't , i ca n't see any point in continuing this conversation . 
   no , you 're not : yes i am . 
  it is relatively weak because being in a currency union with the periphery weakens the currency ( relative to their previous currency ) . 
  it is thus a benefit to the northern countries ** because * it is relatively weak . 
   why is the euro weak ? 
  surely not because of the northern countries . 
  so why ca n't we do it ourself ? 
  it 's because you have weaker countries in the eurozone - how is this simple and accepted fact difficult for you to understand ? 
  i suggest you read up on this before answering again . 
  regarding your link , did you not read the others ? 
  i think you glossed over them . 
  nope . 
  all this for political careers . 
   you assume we need the pigs to drive down the value of our currency ? 
  it that really what you think ? 
  really ?? 
  i 'm saying that it * does * drive down the currency . 
   can you please explain to me why we could n't push down the value of our currency ourself ? 
  i mean , we just have to behave like irresponsible assholes and buy lots of shit we do n't need and ca n't pay for . 
  i 'm sure you could . 
  but that does n't mean that the euro does n't . 
   the discussion we are having is wether `` the euro is a huge benefit to the countries of the north '' or not . 
  still waiting for my links !, 
  just type `` germany euro benefit '' into google and you can get all the links you want . 
  the target2 losses are not losses until crystalised , and so they do not form part of the employment debate that we 're having ( because they have n't had a great effect on employment yet ) . 
  the euro is a benefit to the northern countries because it is relatively weak compared to their previous currencies , making their exports more competitive . 
  it 's not a coincidence that germany , the netherlands , finland , etc. 
  have avoided recession due to their relatively healthy export sector . 
  rubbish . 
  individual factors do n't affect every country in exactly the same way . 
  especially when you have something like the euro that is a huge benefit to the countries of the north , offsetting the negative effects on competitiveness of eu constraints by having a relatively weak currency . 
  rome was only able to keep its `` bread and circuses '' ponzi scheme going by conquering more and more land ( and people ) . 
  their centralised model ultimately let to their downfall , via currency debasement ... seems familiar . 
  it 's certainly in a large part due to employment and health and safety constraints imposed by the eu , making greece as uncompetitive as it is currently . 
   i think it peaked and plateaued for a long time . 
  this is untrue . 
  when europe was at its peak , say 1600-1900 , feudalism was long dead in the successful nations . 
   the point being , you ca n't just assume because something worked so well in the past it will continue to work as successfully in the future . 
  that 's not the point here at all . 
  the point is that centralisation and uniformity tend to stifle economies , as has been borne out by myriad overstretched empires of the past . 
  to repeat the same mistakes , often with the same arguments and ideologies , especially during a crisis that has shown centralisation to hinder recovery in europe ( causing depression in at least three periphery states ) , seems to me to be rather a mistake . 
  feudalism was not the pre-eminent system when europe was at its peak , unless you think that it peaked in the middle ages . 
  this time is different ... 
  i should have mentioned that i was being sarcastic . 
  are you sure you mean such a small time frame ? 
  i ca n't really think of anything important that happened around then . 
  there 's nothing stopping a mutually beneficial free trade agreement once we 've left the eu . 
  ah , clever - i had n't thought of that . 
  i 've got an old french maid 's outfit somewhere ... 
  things do seem to be coming to a head . 
  the bundesbank has drawn a line in the sand , and it would take something spectacular in order for them to change their minds and embrace monetisation ( which is what is needed to avoid several sovereign defaults within the eurozone ) . 
  until the eu bans it ... 
  gold 's worth comes from its physical properties that historically have made it the perfect type of money : 1 . 
  it is durable , it does n't degrade . 
  it is homogeneous and malleable , so it is divisible . 
  it is portable . 
  it is easily recognisable and hard to mine , and has very few industrial uses because it 's so unreactive , making its supply pretty steady . 
  hard to counterfeit . 
  rather than being rare , it 's found all over the world . 
  these give it inherent worth as a medium of exchange and a store of value . 
  i ca n't think of another substance that has these qualities to the same extent . 
  `` wrecking the economy more '' ? 
  the currency needs to devalue so that spain can become competitive again - * this is the root cause of the crisis * . 
  how could we get rid of barroso ? 
   in case of greece and portugal , they would have to cut imports approx 10 % of their gdp , that is huge amount of money . 
  greece would get a massive tourism boom , not to mention shipping . 
  their exports would jump significantly . 
  what can you buy if you do n't have a job ? 
  i do n't understand how freedom , democracy , and prosperity rely on us not becoming `` insignificant '' . 
  how does our significance on the world stage offset the negative effects of union on democracy , freedom , and prosperity . 
  i reject your claim that integration is the answer to these , because integration has actually reduced our freedom ( because we are bound into policies dictated at a higher level ) , democracy ( how could we get rid of the european commission if we wanted to ? 
  how are they accountable ?
