  so everyone [ but the cypriots ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/25/us-eurozone-cyprus-schaeuble-idusbre92o01r20130325 ) are ok with it . 
  that 's fine then . 
  thank god they reached an agreement that does n't need to go to a vote in parliament - we would n't want democracy to get in the way of it , for the sake of the euro . 
  so now that the eurozone has resorted to capital controls , does that mean that the internal market now only has three freedoms ? 
  edit : oh wait , make that two freedoms ... http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21653092, 
  not quite . 
  they 're not `` taxing '' deposits under 100k . 
   if you have an account and they `` crumble '' do you think you will have fsa protection or access to uk deposit insurance scheme ? 
  yes , of course . 
  that 's what it 's there for . 
  but those are not sovereign entities . 
  you 're not comparing like-with-like . 
  but giving countries new loans * is * bailing them out ? 
  i do n't see the difference . 
  spain 's bank bailout was 100 billion euros . 
   the 90s was one of the biggest periods of growth in the british economy in history . 
  and it just so happened to coincide with the biggest period of growth of private credit ( which has n't yet been paid back ) . 
  well you could surmise ( i know this is far-fetched , but stay with me ) that it was essentially the germans that imposed the devastating policy of austerity on the greeks . 
  the eu project is causing more and more hate and division the more power and centralisation it gets . 
  let 's knock this thing on the head before something serious happens . 
  what do you mean `` look at european history '' ? 
  you 're not really giving me much here apart you seem to be saying that because the eu * coincided * with peace then it must have been the cause of the peace . 
  which i would refute by saying that nato and the marshall plan were the main causes , and that the eu was a * consequence * rather than a cause . 
  edit : in fact i 'd go as far as to say that the eu is causing political conflict in europe and is encouraging the rise of extremist parties within eu countries . 
  you 'll need to explain a bit more - i do n't really know what you 're talking about . 
  how so ? 
  frankly , i think i 'm pretty knowledgeable about european history . 
  it 's amazing that you can read so much into that statement . 
  this eu project is causing much hatred . 
  of course it did n't . 
  why should it ? 
  the term `` human right '' will soon become so universal as to be meaningless . 
  even the eu itself got the peace prize , not to mention the silent drone killer , mr. obama . 
  they have lots of recently-discovered natural resources . 
  that would be a huge boon to their economy . 
  whichever way you look at it , the iceland route is by far the most attractive . 
  throughout this crisis , eurosceptics have consistently said why not do the same as iceland . 
  and the retort is always that iceland is tiny and you ca n't compare these things . 
  well cyprus is finally the example where you have to admit that , yes , it is very similar , both in terms of size and economic model , and that maybe the best thing for the cypriot people would be a default . 
  well done for dragging a comparison with he much-hated uk into this discussion , but the comparison is tenuous at best . 
  same thing in iceland - they were heavily dependent on foreign ( especially british ) money looking for high interest rates . 
  you do n't see many foreigners investing theere any more . 
  they now hvr a more sustainable and prosperous economy . 
  so you think that the euro is not weaker than the dm would have been ? 
  you 're only looking at one side of it . 
  the major benefit comes from a much weaker currency than if they had the dm , which boosts their exports , the major sector of their economy . 
  this is a major reason why they have extremely low unemployment , when many around them are suffering . 
  that 's not the point . 
  you seem to be suggesting that they 're better off now because they have a stable currency . 
  i 'm saying that they 're in a depression right now that is far worse than anything they 've dealt with in 50 years at least . 
  but i suppose , they do have a stable currency ... 
   he added : `` i can only compare it some of the decisions taken ... by soviet authorities , who did not give a thought to the savings of the population . '', 
  this is hilarious . 
  i do n't get it - does atm have a double meaning ? 
  i think that 's a fair assumption given that the delegation went straight to russia after the vote , spent the day there , then announced that a deal would be announced , all without anything else having been proposed . 
  i 'm sure that even the germans think that they 're being nice , but the reality is that they are in a monetary union because it benefits them economically and politically . 
  a stable currency and 50 % youth unemployment . 
  do you think they * prefer * the current situation ? 
  because the left-liberal elites are in charge , and they wanted this great project . 
  it was a heady ideal to create a use - they 've been dreaming about it for decades . 
  and they are still in charge , especially of the media , and that 's why you do n't hear about it being discussed . 
  that 's exactly what i mean , and it 's one of the main drivers of this crisis , and the main reason that even small countries like cyprus matter so much . 
  what i meant is that there is plenty of money - the ecb is ready to print - it 's that these manoeuvres are politically motivated , domestic german politics being at the forefront . 
  this is a * political * problem , not a money problem . 
   they are not printing a lot of money , as far as i am aware . 
  sure , and that 's because your banking sector is not very big - only half the size of ours in relative gdp terms . 
  i think the balance sheet is something like 5 % bigger , which fits proportionately with the size of the banking sector . 
  it 's not because their approach is any different . 
   what i mean is that they march to the beat of their own drum so maybe it 's a coincidence that their crisis-response policy is basically exactly the same as the uk ( protracted low interest rates , qe ) . 
   honestly , what is the purpose of the bank of england ? 
  who sits there ? 
  it sounds like corruption on the highest level to me ? 
  sorry to break it to you , but your central bank is no better . 
  what are your interest rates ? 
  1 % , something like that ? 
  and the qe programme , what 's that up to now ? 
   i guess they will not do it because they are not independent . 
  they 're not so much in the pocket of the government , but of the banks . 
   really ? 
  how much of the gdp would it take ? 
  well the banking sector is about 400 % of gdp . 
  a 5 % drop in the price of assets would see something close to 50 % loss on the principle due to margin calls . 
  there 's no way the uk has that much money . 
  not even close . 
  to give you an idea of just how bad it is ( and the reason that only qe and low interest rates can keep the asset prices high ) is that we 've printed # 275 billion so far , with more to come . 
  that 's way beyond the capability of the government . 
  nationalise the banks , leave the euro , default on the debt that the economy can never pay back . 
   good , we did that too , and in the end we made money from that . 
  like i said , different times . 
  this particular banking crisis is a whole lot worse - the british taxpayers are nowhere near making a profit on their `` investment '' , and it 's extremely unlikely that they will at all . 
   of course they can - or what they can do is let the government save the banks . 
  sure they can , but they wo n't . 
  and the government does n't have the money to save the banks - only printed money can do it . 
  so it 's a choice ( whether independent or not ) , to either print money to save the banks , or to let them fail and watch the ramifications . 
  after lehman , there 's no way they 'll do the latter . 
   so , does that mean that the public now owns the banks ? 
  a certain percentage of those banks , yes . 
   but why ? 
  do n't you have an independent central bank ? 
  the bank 's independence is another matter , but they ca n't let the banks fail , so they prop them up with qe .
