   nor are your banks collapses what ? 
  you are aware of course that the uk is printing more money as a percentage of gdp than any other developed nation . 
  why ? 
  because our banks desperately need to rid themselves of bad assets . 
  we already know what type of bailout the banks will get as it has happened with rbs and lloyds - their assets get taken on by the public and they get continued qe to stay afloat . 
  this is bad for the pound . 
  and it 's not exactly the same situation with sweden in the 90s because your banks were able to recover in the midst of an unprecedented worldwide economic boom . 
  the situation now is markedly different . 
  well the banks are ultimately backstopped by the public , as they are too big to fail . 
  a banking crisis is a public debt crisis these days , as has been shown in ireland , spain , uk , cyprus , and many others . 
  and listing by private debt ? 
   but i 've never had it explained to me why adding public and private debt together makes sense . 
  it seems to be a completely useless number , adding together two separate things that really should not be added . 
  this is a debt crisis and our banks are at the forefront . 
  the precarious nature of our banks ' assets , and their huge size , makes this total debt figure extremely significant when talking about the value of the pound . 
  especially when you consider that ultimately they are backstopped by the public , given that we will not let them fail . 
  if you include private debt ( mostly banks ) it 's somewhere around 650 % . 
  that 's public debt - i 'm talking about total debt , including private . 
  ** from google translate : ** the minister of finance and public administration , cristobal montoro , has advanced on tuesday that the government will impose a type `` moderate '' to bank deposits to compensate communities that saw their tax autonomy canceled after the executive created a state tax 0 % rate . 
  this tax on bank deposits , which has nothing to do with cyprus , does not affect savers but requires credit institutions to pay for that capture deposits . 
  `` the autonomous communities receive timely and therefore financially compensation shall implement a moderate rate in the state tax on bank deposits , '' said the minister , adding that this kind `` will not be much higher than 0 % '' . 
  the minister of finance has clarified that such `` moderate '' will have no tax collection effort , `` but that these regions serve to offset the revenue loss to see . '', 
  so , he assured that the amount will correspond to the amount `` exact has been undermined by the cancellation of regional taxes '' . 
  it will not be the case of asturias , where the tax on deposits was approved by the regional budget law , while `` spanish law prohibits the adoption of this mode '' stressed montoro . 
  during the questioning of senator francisco fuentes socialist group gallardo , montoro explained that communities of extremadura , andalusia and the canary islands , which were in force when the tax came into effect on state `` receive timely compensation , which will resulting from the implementation a moderate to state tax rate . '', 
  montoro has stressed that the central government is preparing a proposal on the amounts to be paid to travel to the affected communities `` in the relevant joint committee '' with the affected communities . 
  `` that is the government 's intention and hope that through political dialogue can establish an agreement , '' said . 
  has advanced further the government 's intention to reduce delays for this compensation count as income to the budget . 
  meanwhile , sen. gallardo fuentes extremadura has quantified what will stop collecting the three affected regions in 2013 , once in force the 0 % of the government , amounting to 230 million euros in 2013 . 
  specifically , extremadura lose 39 million euros , 96 million canary islands and andalusia , 95.5 million . 
  besides , you corresponer\u00edan asturias 30 million . 
  the government announced in november 2012 the creation of a tax on bank deposits with type 0 % , with implementation on 1 january 2013 , to prevent the regions implement your own . 
  a week earlier , the constitutional court had endorsed the tax on deposits of extremadura , which launched in 2001 and turned in the day the government of jos\u00e9 mar\u00eda aznar . 
  thus , this tax was in force before the imposition of the 0 % and in the case of andalusia , the canary islands in 2010 and established , who created it in june 2012 . 
  only after it established asturias . 
  so this type montoro 0 % justified by the need to standardize the tax system and maintain the unity of the internal market , after the european commission will send a letter to the government on the grounds that these taxes in the regions could violate the free movement of capital . 
  while leaving the door open to eventually effectively taxing the deposits . 
  we have more debt than anyone else in the world . 
  in the middle of a worldwide debt crisis . 
  and we 're printing more than anyone else as a proportion of gdp . 
  normally with a tax you get some kind of warning . 
  closing the banks and taking 15 % of someone 's bank account is theft . 
  actually , usually it happens very quickly as you could see when the uk left the erm . 
  also , you 'd be catching a lot of innocent people there too , and i always thought that you were innocent until proven guilty ( what a quaint and antiquated thought that is in these heady days of authoritarianism in europe ) . 
   them fumbling around aimlessly post-exit would be a powerful warning for the rest of ez . 
  and if devaluation works , as is the usual prescription by the imf ? 
  and that , ladies and gentlemen , is why the uk is fucked . 
  i have no doubt that before this banking crisis is over , and the money printing has reached the peak of its effectiveness , the uk will be clamouring to join the euro . 
   i think the powers that be in the troika will back down the problem is that the powers that be ( i.e. 
  merkel and her party ) ca n't bail out cyprus for domestic political reasons . 
  it 's already tenuous for them and the continued negative press that this bailout is getting puts her in a very tenuous situation . 
  i would n't bank on them taking a hit on their own political careers for the sake of anyone else . 
  i really do n't think that politicians have that sort of far-sightedness . 
  so what are the alternatives being proposed , assuming they 'll vote no ? 
  how will cyprus get the money that they need to service their debt over the next few months ? 
  will the eu stump up the cash , a russian involvement , or could we see an outright default ? 
  but much of the continent is in a recession , so it 's likely that they do n't travel as much . 
   yet to see any evidence that the eu mandated ( and somehow forced ) a sovereign nation to make its small depositors pay a levy . 
  they did n't , it was the imf that was pushing for this . 
  yet the eu said they 'd only stump up part of the cash . 
  what was the alternative for cyprus ? 
  it was the imf that was pushing for the deposit confiscation . 
  perfect - thanks very much . 
   there , the euro zone could see tapping into bank accounts as the next step . 
  in principle , no european depositor can remain assured that their bank balance will remain untouched -- even in germany . 
  so how much do , say , germany , france , spain , and italy have in deposits ? 
  edit : apparently italy and spain both have around $ 1.5 tr , plenty to bailout their governments ... 
  the events of the past few days show just how tenuous things are in the eurozone . 
  merkel needs some form of haircut for domestic political reasons . 
  things must have got severe for her to go to these lengths . 
  if it is watered down , as it looks like it will , it 's bad news for merkel at the polls and effectively for the eurozone . 
  i would n't say `` ever '' , there 's a long way to go in this crisis . 
  but at the moment the possibility is remote . 
  as if that 's the alternative . 
  hardly , we 're talking about the * far * right here . 
  the right were nowhere 5 years ago , now they are significant . 
  ok , so the right is not on the rise in europe , and the credit bubble would have nothing to do with it , even if it were true . 
   if that happens then cypriot income taxes will rise to counter the lost revenue or people will move their deposits/businesses out of cyprus to more tax-friendly environments . 
  it was an observation , not a prediction . 
  the right is on the rise all over europe , as was the case ( to devastating effect ) the last time we had such a serious credit bubble . 
   without a strong central government , states pursue their own economic interests , sometimes at the expense of other members . 
  whose idea do you think this was ? 
  merkel 's ( central ) government decided this . 
  well that 's well before much of europe will reach 2007 output . 
  the uk , for instance , would still be 5 % below that output if we grew 2 % a year for the next 5 years . 
  which wo n't happen . 
  the whole house of cards would come down . 
  italy would not be able to pay its debts as the new currency would be seriously devalued , so creditors would be paid back in lira that would be worth less ( or worthless ... ) . 
  italy would see a sharp recovery ( and re-balancing of the economy ) after the initial turmoil as they would have far less debt and a more competitive export sector . 
  other peripheral countries would see the recovery and also look to do the same to pull their countries out of the current depression they are in ( greece , spain , portugal ) . 
  at this point the northern banks would be in such serious trouble that large-scale money printing and bailouts would be the only politicially acceptable way out for their governments . 
  this would help europe to regain competitiveness as they write off their debt ( through inflation ) and have lower wages in real terms . 
  europe would recover , but the euro , and potentially the eu , would not . 
  yep , but that does n't mean it 's right . 
  it 's undemocratic centralised control . 
  given that the ` rescues ' are actually loans , this would be the eu forcing countries into debt by law . 
  i do n't know about anyone else , but it seems to me that the eu is out of control with its authoritarianism . 
  is that true ? 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wildlife_of_the_falkland_islands#fauna ) seems to think that there are 5 species of penguin there . 
  i ca n't imagine that the british introduced all these .
