they had it all over the bbc - did n't you see it ? 
  so many yours . 
  some better than others . 
  he did n't start this . 
  there was a pro-western coup in kiev remember . 
  media centre or propaganda centre ? 
  there 's no doubt that most of you already see the eu as a superstate , and so it 's not surprising that you feel it to be inadequate when it ca n't actually fulfil the role of a superstate in practice . 
  if you 'll see my original comment , you 'll notice that i 'm not talking about the majority of the british people , just the small percentage of the population who are most affected by indian immigration . 
  it 's fine to extol the virtues of an open immigration policy from the rose-tinted confines of an educated mindset , but many people have a different reality . 
  ah , the food yes , the people not so much . 
   no one gives a fuck because it 's a positive influence and something has been added with nothing getting taken away . 
  speak to almost anyone from an estate in the west yorkshire or lancashire and you might hear a different answer . 
  i 'm 33 . 
  no , english . 
  you see so many war documentaries and stories out of context , and it 's really hard to put it all together . 
  that video puts everything in context . 
  i feel that i 've learnt more about ww2 in the last 7 minutes than i ever did in school . 
   the us and the u.k have been doing this for years , no rising bond prices here [ japan not so lucky . 
  they are both incredibly political organisations . 
  i 'm not entirely sure they want to . 
   they would have written ` allahu akbar ' or something , not just ` islam ' in childish lettering and they would have known how to do that in arabic looks like you know a lot about the people who did this . 
  because the major news organisations are members of the liberal elite , and this does n't fit their narrative . 
  and immigration often leads to class issues . 
  maybe even if the pro-eu guardian is bashing them in this one then it might be justified ? 
  the guardian eurosceptic ? 
  is this an alternate dimension ? 
  calling them ` savages ' does seem a bit racist . 
  a campaign by who ? 
  i reckon you 've never been to the continent then !, 
  it 's all over the news , not just the telegraph . 
  in reality they have been lobbied by bertolli . 
  i think he was joking . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-22579896 ) the bbc version for you . 
  i 'm going with yes , for the sake of closure and my own sanity . 
  is that sarcastic ? 
  i know , but that 's not really what i was talking about . 
  my guess is that the growth figures have been wildly over-estimated , as they always are . 
  looks like a big recovery in growth in 2014 then !, 
  wow , ca n't wait !, 
  the lehman repo fraud was as direct a cause of the crisis as you can get . 
  western consumerism has been fuelled by debt over the last 30 years . 
  this is a situation that can not go on because we simply ca n't afford it any more . 
  people are paying down debts in huge amounts at the moment , rather than spending . 
  and this is helping to rebalance the economy . 
  bad news for the gdp figures , good news for a long term rebalancing of the european economy . 
  we ca n't go on being consumers for ever . 
  the two big ones that spring to mind were the lehman repo 105 accounting fraud and libor . 
  both of these should have had multiple prosecutions of major figures . 
  there are several nations who are not happy with ever-increasing integration . 
  i suspect they 'll draw up plans for a second-tier eu that is acceptable to all these nations , stripped down to things like trade and the environment . 
  i 'm guessing you 're not a tory . 
   because it would absolutely be in the eu 's interest to show that a country which left the union would n't prosper by doing so the uk would be the eu 's largest trading partner . 
  there 's no way they 'd cut off their nose to spite their face . 
  that does n't necessarily imply that they 've all moved back home , as you may be suggesting . 
  mediterranean families are renowned for this , crisis or not . 
  this is one of the lesser known causes of rising house prices . 
  there 's far more demand as a proportion of the population than there was 40 years ago . 
   contributed by don quijones , a freelance writer and translator based in barcelona , spain . 
  his blog , raging bull-shit , is get ready for some high quality journalism ... 
  there 's a wikipedia article [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mass_surveillance#united_kingdom ) . 
  what sort of surveillance are you worried about ? 
  most of the cameras are protecting private property ( something like 92 % ) , not spying on people for the government as you may have been led to believe . 
  why does euobserver single out the uk in the title ? 
  there are many awesome reasons . 
  go ahead and explore it a little , it really will enhance your reddit experience . 
  ah , i just thought he was regressing to childhood . 
   and this is part of the reason i think the entire european union will fail if it does n't centralize more , because the euro is truly the only real thing tying it together . 
  there existed an eu before the eurozone and there exists one outside it . 
  a certain level of centralisation , without monetary union is possible and desirable by many . 
  i think you missed out a word or two there . 
  why half of russia ? 
  is this a geographical europe ( up to the urals maybe ) ? 
  maybe they should n't be giving out money at all . 
  maybe that was the problem in the first place . 
  you 're assuming that there would be no free trade agreement between the eu and the uk . 
  it may be the case but it 's quite an assumption on which to base your theory . 
  take anything from the guardian regarding ukip with a pinch of salt - they are idealistic opposites . 
  i 'm no expert , but here goes ... a derivative is a financial product that is derived in some way from an asset that the bank holds . 
  for instance , a bank may hold some mortgages as assets . 
  it then may `` collatoralize '' the mortgage debts ( i.e. 
  collect them together into packages of varying risk ) , and trade these packages . 
  these packages are * derivatives * of the original debt . 
  maybe too they can collatoralize these packages together to make further derivatives , i do n't know . 
  but the point is that the deregulation of financial markets means that banks can create all sorts of financial products that are derived from real assets , and this has obviously spiralled out of control . 
  the main issue with these , i guess , is that if the original loans fail , then so does the derivative , and the second derivative , etc. 
  producing a much faster and more serious crash than would be the case without derivatives . 
  this also explains why governments are so focussed on maintaining the nominal price of mortgages with their quantitative easing directed at the housing markets ( in the us the fed are buying something like $ 40bn of mortgage backed securities a month !, 
   it would be a move that would see our economy , already in tatters from years of economic uncertainty , cascade off the bottomless shit-creek waterfall . 
   if we were to opt out , bowing to the pressures of the euro-sceptic movement , we would have about as much political clout as , say , that shouty bloke at the crown and anchor . 
   but a life without the eu , extricating ourselves from the centre to live a life on the periphery would have unthinkable consequences . 
  this piece is short on facts , and high on emotion . 
  the problem is the globalisation of markets . 
  40 years ago , many emerging markets were n't open for business so jobs could n't go over there . 
  now it 's dead easy for multi-nationals to operate in the cheapest possible market - putting immense pressure on developed nations . 
  it 's no coincidence that this opening of the world has coincided with unprecedented debt ( both private and public ) in the developed nations . 
  the only solution really is protectionism . 
  i did n't say that wages had to come down to their level . 
  actually i think it will start to turn around when their wages increase enough so that we do n't keep on losing work to them . 
  until wages become competitive again . 
  ( imo ) the eu will be a federation , consisting of the current eurozone countries .
