   but dude , no eu is a much worse alternative than this somewhat inefficient eu seeing as you did n't provide evidence , i 'm just going to say `` you 're wrong '' . 
   besides , your eu criticism could also be applied regarding the british government itself . 
  correct . 
  i 'd prefer a smaller uk . 
   you 'd have it scrapped just because it 's not perfect ? 
  no , i 'd have it scrapped because it was worse than what we had before . 
  i dislike it because of its centralisation , which makes us inefficient and uncompetitive , as we have seen over the last 20 years , contributing to the mess that we find ourselves in now . 
  correct : i do dislike the eu . 
  however , i love europe . 
  you two are pathetic . 
   they 'll be begging to join when they realize small individual countries have no future in the `` next world '' and whole continents need to pull together . 
  i see the `` this time is different '' is strong with you . 
  of course it 's possible . 
  your government unilaterally declares a change in the currency and prints new notes . 
  with that kind of simplistic attitude you could argue that they should borrow and spend an extra 500bn euros and then the gdp would certainly rise !, 
  somehow , the exclamation mark makes me disbelieve you . 
  please do n't editorialise the titles . 
   finland does n't make astronauts , we ca n't build super colliders . 
  but together with europe , we can do all those things . 
  both the esa and cern are non-eu organisations . 
  you do n't need the eu to achieve these things . 
   we can not go out into space you do n't need the eu or the euro to join the esa . 
   that could have been better regulated . 
  by a labour government in which scotland had a good presence . 
  your elected mps voted for policies that helped to cause the bank debt crisis ; you ca n't blame it entirely on westminster . 
   thanks to the banks ' greed . 
  rbs ... ? 
  and you 'd have the issue of vast amounts of sterling-denominated debt to think about . 
   glasgow , problem solved . 
  i do n't get the logic of wanting to leave the uk just to join a different union that has far less in common with them . 
  scotland . 
  even fewer layers of government . 
  very similar . 
  well first , obama has more campaign funding from the banks , so he 'll win . 
  his continued policies of globalisation , spending , and bailouts will contribute to both the impoverishment of the western middle classes and increased strain with creditor nations . 
  america will continue the decline that 's been going since the peak of its powers just after wwii , as will the west in general . 
  he 'll start several proxy wars under the guise of humanitarianism and/or freedom from oppression . 
  these will be aimed at securing hegemony in the middle east and central/southern asia . 
  he may , just may , get nato and hence europe involved in an iranian conflict , and if that happens then any prediction of the future is quickly going to be wildly inaccurate . 
  our monarchy is the best tradition that the puritan republicans have n't been able to get rid of yet . 
  often the royal families ( ca n't speak for norway here ) had to fight to get to their position . 
  london . 
  i live here and it 's never happened to me except for trying to get into events . 
  in a technocracy , you need to have people * selected * by an authority , rather than them being democratically elected . 
  this is an authoritarian system . 
   personally i would n't mind some kind of technocracy you mean an authoritarianism ? 
  why is farage there ? 
  do they mean ` dangerous to our pro-eu/euro standpoint ? 
  personally , i 'd say barosso , van rompuy , merkel , hollande , are all pretty dangerous to democracy in europe . 
  you 'd have to find them first . 
  so would you say that we 'd be better off * without * these advances ? 
  would you prefer to live as our ancestors did 100,000 years ago ? 
  this is a very silly conversation . 
  first bobzer said that it 's fine `` until it becomes us vs them '' , which is about as unhelpful a statement as you can get , what with competitiveness being * entirely about us vs. them * . 
  then you go on about healthy and unhealthy competition and it not being easy to tell the difference , but it sometimes not being positive , as if that 's a reason not to be competitive . 
  competition is a core feature of human advancement . 
  would someone be running 100m in 9.6 s without intense competition ? 
  would we have just landed a 3 tonne mobile laboratory on mars from a space crane without the cold war rivalry ? 
  no , we would n't . 
  competition drives us forward . 
  it obviously does have negative aspects , yes , but the potential for excellence that it provides is overwhelming . 
   competitiveness is fine until it becomes us vs them , then it just breeds hate . 
  massively competitive , beneficial to both . 
  there 's nothing wrong with competitiveness . 
  that 's one of the characteristics that made america great - why would you want to stifle it ? 
  saving the euro = saving the european banks and bankers at the expense of the european people . 
  they should be allowed to go under so that we can take our pain now , and recover in a more sustainable and prosperous fashion , without maintaining the morally disgusting status quo that caused this crisis and that most people on here say that they are so against . 
  you 're right , it does n't count as real evidence . 
  where 's australasia ? 
  also , it would be nice to split-up north and south america . 
  how about if you normalise it for the number of countries taking part from each continent ? 
  irony in the alanis morissette mould ... 
  it 's generally called authoritarianism . 
  very popular in africa . 
  you have the thought processes of a 15 year old . 
  well he would say that , would n't he . 
  with the european economy now heading downwards again , there will come a point where the banks are once again short of liquidity . 
  it really is up to germany whether or not they receive it , given the vast quantities that will be needed . 
  germany therefore has the choice whether to allow the ecb to print , or to cause the largest liquidity crisis in our history . 
  my guess is that they will go for the former , not wanting to be blamed for what happens next . 
  get out of the cities if you want to see the real europe . 
  it 's not just the uk that does n't want to be in the eu . 
  right then , 1st tranche of qe , what do we reckon ? 
  1 trillion euros ? 
  this is because the markets have somewhat priced-in spanish ( and others ' ) default . 
  this alleviates this issue . 
  at least for a while . 
  it sent the markets up a couple of percent . 
   lets just say overall what is best for germany is for the euro to stay intact . 
  not necessarily . 
  they have benefited greatly from the euro so far , that is true , but if they allow the ecb to print and guarantee the debts of the periphery , they will undoubtedly see the inflation that has so far been missing . 
  once inflation kicks in , the germans will not like it . 
  not at all . 
   these companies do not seem to understand that the euro is a political project and will not be allowed to fail . 
  it is indeed a political project , but that does n't mean that it ca n't fail . 
  while there is still democracy in europe then the people can have a say , and the german people are not behind the euro to the extent that the political elites are . 
  it has n't started yet . 
  but the debt situation would be better . 
  southern europe is already in a depression . 
  the best way out of it is to return to their national currencies so that they can devalue and become competitive again .
