  the good people of this subreddit . 
  who did you think ? 
  why are people still linking to this site ? 
  i thought we 'd discredited it as left-wing propaganda . 
  i agree with you that peak oil took the world by surprise . 
  i just do n't see why you 'd want to tether monetary policy at a time of great volatility and uncertainty in energy ( life-blood ) markets . 
  seems ridiculous to me . 
  wow , they really are desperate now . 
  spain and italy are already in the shit as they 're essentially insolvent , not to mention illiquid . 
  they * will * require more financial `` aid '' , whether greece exits or not . 
  what amazes me is that people still think that the euro is essential to europe to the point where they 're willing to accept a depression in the peripheral states because of it . 
  if greece had left two years ago instead of accepting the first `` bailout '' , they 'd be back to growth by now , if the history of defaults is anything to go by . 
  but then , maybe this time is different ... edit : and you 're right that the various `` stabilisation '' funds do not have enough money for spain and italy . 
  my guess is that the ecb will be forced to start printing unsterilised money to buy their sovereign bonds . 
  the possibility of contagion was also there with argentina - it 's not as if theirs was an isolated country . 
  they have significant free trade agreements and dealings with the whole of the americas . 
  and what do you mean by `` wider scope '' ? 
  the return of the drachma and a large-scale sovereign default would be good for greece fairly quickly , if history is anything to go by . 
  [ argentina ] ( http://www.cepr.net/images/stories/blogs/argentine_gdp_21495_image001.gif ) is just one example of a major economy doing this . 
  they defaulted in 2001 . 
   they will get payed back interesting ... 
  no , it was n't until after wwii that the economy recovered . 
   a less conservative monetary policy . 
  more like the fed , instead of how the ecb is acting now . 
  so the 1 trillion euros that they 've lent out in the last six months is n't enough ? 
  the [ balance sheet of the ecb is larger than that of the fed ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/ecbs-balance-sheet-now-far-bigger-feds-more-levered-lehman-piigs-exposure-50-6-months ) ( and that was before ltro2 !, 
  ) , by the way . 
   but as much as it may have been a mistake to create the euro , it may still be a much graver mistake to let it disintegrate . 
  why do you think that going back to national currencies would be a mistake ? 
  so we should revert to the ` extend and pretend ' policies that got us into this crisis instead ? 
  we should have kept on with the same policies that screwed us ? 
  it 's a very dangerous game to pile on debt in order to get yourself out of debt . 
  you may not like austerity , but unless there 's a comprehensive plan to utilise the new debt to obtain real growth ( there is n't ) , then more than likely it 's just going to add to your burdens . 
  good luck , europe , you 're going to need it . 
  who would syriza join with in coalition ? 
  and how much of the vote would they need ? 
  not yet . 
  no doubt they 'll try , but as long as there are national elections , the people can still make their choice , as we saw in greece and france . 
  they ca n't save it at all . 
  the only way out of this ( from their perspective ) is the creation and monetisation of eurobonds . 
  but i suspect the people of europe wo n't let them . 
  thank god for democracy - it 's not dead yet . 
  why , because he 's always wrong ? 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  wording 's all there is - i ca n't hear the tone of your voice from here . 
  i thought this was a joke when i first saw it . 
  and yet i ca n't find a single mention of the word ` propaganda ' on this thread . 
   ca n't have those scumbags deciding about our privacy on the internet . . 
  it 's not about them being ` scumbags ' , but about them being unelected by us and unaccountable to us . 
  that 's why we do n't like over 60 % of our new laws being created by the eu . 
  and this financial crisis will only exacerbate this . 
  why mention the word * hate * ? 
  we love europe , we just do n't want to be politically tied to it . 
  why is that so hard to understand ? 
  edit : in fact , looking back at your comment history , it looks rather like * you * hate the british , rather than the other way round . 
  no , it 's what i read when i see ` focus on growth ' . 
  although i agree with the sentiment , this is not what is happening here . 
  if a government can not be formed then they need to have another election . 
   focus on growth ; policies and pace should be country specific . 
  i 'm not an economist but by early 2009 i had figured this out . 
  you 've `` worked out '' that more debt is the answer ? 
  he was looking in one direction only when he said it . 
  maybe he was just speaking to one person . 
  once again an economic catastrophe brings in extremist parties . 
  maybe one day we 'll learn our lessons and start to manage money soundly . 
  i doubt it though . 
  yes , but the euro is essential because ... er ... sorry , why do we need it again ? 
  the immigration policies of the eu are hardly practical either - they 've partly got us into this mess !, 
  hate the far-right all you want , but it 's the policies of the eu that have led to its rise . 
  good lord , no . 
  on this subreddit , maybe . 
  the eu will spend itself to death . 
  is that a joke ? 
  mid-wales has a serious teenage pregnancy problem . 
  awesome . 
  just wanted to confirm that you are indeed a student as is evident from your naivety and idealism . 
  what do you study ? 
  why is that funny ? 
  spain has defaulted more than any other country on that list since 1800 . 
  but that 's not really the point . 
  the point is that you think it ca n't happen again , yet you present no evidence . 
  [ spain has defaulted 9 times since 1800 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_default ), 
  spain has defaulted more than any other european nation . 
  there have been numerous defaults inside currency unions . 
  it * will * happen again . 
  why on earth would you think that it wo n't ? 
  how are they exempt ? 
  why is this time different ? 
  it 's clear that you know close to nothing about economics . 
  why do you think it will not happen again ? 
  it makes a lot more sense when you realise that international aid is actually international bribery - a way to get foreign governments to enact favourable policies . 
  without ltros , these banks would have faced margin calls on most of their debt due to a fall in the asset prices . 
  seriously , you should look into this because your understanding is severely limited and completely on the wrong track . 
  they are forced to ( and encouraged to ) because otherwise they 'd go bust . 
  europe was not ready for the euro . 
  all i can think of is how it blows for the first time at the university of chicago ... 
  i 'm amazed that you 're suddenly all for austerity measures !, 
  spain is being fucked by the eu/eurozone/germany , not by the ratings agencies/wall st. 
  it amazes me that they 've lasted this long . 
  anyone with half a brain can work out that a country with 22 % unemployment , 8.5 % budget deficit , and 61 % debt-to-gdp , where there banks are forced to take billions from the ecb every 3 months , is not worth an a credit rating .
