  this fascination with keeping them in a deflationary depression in order to save the euro , which has exacerbated the problem of low growth and high debt , is as irrational as it is catastrophic . 
  let it go , for the sake of the people of europe . 
  finland should n't have to finance states that have broken the rules of union . 
  `` the euro is essential . 
  together , europe is strong . 
  it 's inevitable we 'll reach our goal of a european superstate . '', 
  - optimists -, 
  and too little . 
  this is pathetic . 
  the conflict is caused by the union . 
  forcing variegated countries together in the good times has opened up severe rifts and has led to extreme politics . 
  what ? 
  are you suggesting that # 200bn stimulus would * not * buoy the markets ? 
  good to have a rational opinion presented with such sophistication . 
  cheers . 
  well , yes , in that you ca n't evaluate alternatives in order to obtain a * relative * assessment . 
  after all , it 's all relative . 
   turnout at the last eu election was 34 % in the uk . 
  bit disingenuous there , do n't you think ? 
  the eu elections were on the same day as the local elections , so you 're bound to get a higher turnout than if you just had eu elections alone . 
  i 'll do a poll of my friends and get back to you with how many can name their local representative . 
   and is what a lot in european parliament want . 
  they want parliament to have the power . 
  this is the nub of the issue . 
  they want the ` community method ' . 
  unfortunately very few of the citizens of europe actually know how it works and how to influence it . 
  not many people could name a single member of the european parliament . 
  this is not democracy . 
  i suppose we should believe them then , going against the historical trend because of what politicians are * saying * ? 
  they told us that the lisbon treaty would give more democracy . 
  it has got us less . 
  unless you 're a wide-eyed idealist , i see no reason to suspend my cynicism of the people who run this organisation . 
   he said political union . 
  that suggests more democracy . 
  before the eu we had precious little political union . 
  with further political union , we had less democracy , less accountability . 
  the average person in europe has no idea what goes on inside the eu , who is in charge , how they run things . 
  there was a bbc newsnight programme where they showed a picture of van rompuy and very few of them knew who he was !, 
  this is not democracy . 
  yet you think that even more union will somehow reverse the trend of less democracy ? 
  how ? 
  scary stuff . 
  he recommends legislation on full fiscal union and eurobonds before september . 
  if his suggested timescale is adhered-to , the next couple of months are going to witness a repugnant destruction of democracy across europe . 
  thanks for your contribution to the discussion . 
  but the other option ( more debt ) has also been tried and has failed . 
  you ca n't ever know if it is the * better * policy because you ca n't simultaneously compare the two . 
  the more debt option was tried and led to a sovereign debt crisis . 
  the austerity measures were tried and have led to a recession . 
  my guess is that there is no solution that does n't involve a lot of pain . 
  we 've been binging on debt for the last 40 years and it 's payback time . 
  it 's a bit disingenuous to suggest that market strength over the past few days is primarily due to the euro summit news , given that the [ bank of england announced 2 days ago that it is preparing a # 200bn stimulus package ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/9368894/bank-of-england-prepares-200bn-economic-stimulus.html ) . 
  that does n't * prove * that it 's wrong . 
  in fact , it was predicted that there would be a slump initially . 
  the point of the strategy is to get finances in order for the future . 
   there are few countries in the world who are in as favorable position regarding its govt debt as the us . 
  the us lost its aaa rating last year , so i do n't think your argument holds . 
  i 'm starting to think you 're slightly mad . 
  according to cds data from cma datavision , portugal has a probability of default of 50 % , ireland 38 % . 
  the whole eurozone is being held back from recession only by germany 's exports . 
  there is no way in hell you can say that these countries are in any way robust . 
  and another patch is applied . 
  this should delay the crisis for another few months . 
  and the least competitive have the most debt . 
  merkel wants fiscal control , everyone else wants eurobonds . 
  the only way they can all get what they want is fiscal union , controlled by germany . 
  one thing 's pretty clear : we 're coming to the end of a golden age for pensions . 
  you 're quite anti-british , are n't you . 
   do n't think the germans will go for qe : too many historical neuroses . 
  at the moment yes , but if europe tightens too far , as it looks like is going to happen at the moment , then the ensuing depression will have people begging for the printing presses . 
  the interest rate for short term debt has even [ been negative ] ( http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10001424052970204124204577150311730396748.html ) !, 
  ... assuming that the markets do not overwhelm the situation before then . 
  currently spanish 10 year bonds are at 6.9 % and rising , italy 's at 6.1 % . 
  if spain requires a large-scale bailout before the elections , they will be forced to act . 
  it 's clear now that the germans will favour money printing by the ecb over eurobonds , one of which is needed in order to protect the assets of the european banks as real asset values collapse . 
  i suspect that we 'll see a large market event , such as greece leaving - or being kicked out of - the eurozone , and that this will cause such trauma that there will be enough political capital for the germans to give the green light to the ecb to monetise the debt of troubled countries . 
  it 's not at all certain what this would cause , but the big question here is `` is the economy of europe large and strong enough to inflate away the european debt without investors losing faith in the european currency ? '', 
  i sincerely hope it is . 
  because with eurobonds they are liable for the debt . 
  with printing , they are not . 
  no , they can still print . 
  eurobonds are n't the only way to guarantee the debt of the periphery . 
  eurobonds are a better solution for the integrationists because it ties countries together far more than just cheap money from the ecb , but the effect is much the same . 
   so it 's not affected by the centrally set interest rate . 
  there 's no way to have a single currency without one are you suggesting central banks are essential to a monetary system ? 
   breaking up the euro ( which would cause massive damage to even the strongest eu economies ) please expand . 
  you see , i would say that going back to national currencies would allow them to float to a more natural strength , releasing the countries from their monetary straight-jackets . 
   if the markets , the investors are all wrong and the rating agencies are using the chicken with a bingo card approach then discussing anything is irrelevant because we ca n't know anything . 
  [ fitch was standing-by their aaa rating of sub-prime debt as late as 2007 ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/07/18/usa-subprime-fitch-idusn1831999120070718 ) . 
  i honestly do n't understand why you 'd take what they say at face value after their catastrophic recent failure ; please do enlighten me . 
  and just because i do n't believe them now , it does n't mean that i have to give up on understanding the world or discussing it with others . 
  in the same vein , newspapers were heralding the end of the euro crisis after the ltros in december . 
  some of us were right to doubt them . 
  or maybe we should trust the markets , which were so confidently pricing tech companies at multiples of their true value back in 2000 . 
  or maybe , just maybe , we should look at the data and make up our own minds . 
   you 're saying that the uk banking system is in worse shape than any other and yet the markets are all saying showing else . 
  and you seem to be saying that the markets are rational and the rating agencies are correct . 
  what a world it is you live in !, 
   as long as you keep calling the investors wrong and they keep disagreeing with you then there is n't a problem incorrect . 
  consumers are driving the real asset price deflation , not investors .
