  this distorts the free market . 
  take the obvious example of the banks , for instance , where you have a politically motivated intervention that keeps them afloat even when a free market would have seen them fail . 
  these interventionist policies are the things that create inequality . 
  the free market is the best leveller that we have . 
   we 're arguably more economically allied with china than europe nowadays , so the us and china are n't enemies germany and the uk were each other 's biggest trading partners before the great war . 
  https://www.mtholyoke.edu/acad/intrel/papa.htm  economic ties were more extensive and significant in the period before 1914 than at any time before or since , and the chief protagonists of the period , britain and germany , were one another 's best customers . 
  monetisation is the only way forward . 
  let 's just hope that it does n't end in the way that other historical cases of monetisation do . 
   britain would be more isolated and weaker . 
  it would be completely crazy . 
  the separation would not be amicable . 
  it would be an extremely messy divorce and the bigger partners will win . 
  the disposition for being friendly to the uk would be about zero . 
  it 's pretty much at about zero already . 
  what an odious man . 
  will there be a vote on this by the people of latvia ? 
  so the european continent , which as survived and thrived for thousands of years without the eu , suddenly finds itself in a position where it ca n't survive without it ? 
  what 's changed ? 
  if i were pro-eu , i 'd want to get this referendum done as soon as possible , and throw all my weight behind it . 
  i think eu sentiment is only going to get worse over the next few years . 
  a referendum now would probably result in us staying . 
  all three major parties would support a yes campaign , as would the bbc . 
  the right-wing press would obviously have a field day , but i do n't think they 'd manage to persuade the electorate when you have the politicians and the bbc getting all apocalyptic about it ( as with the bank bailouts ) . 
  what we 've seen over the past few years is a rise in anti-eu sentiment across the whole continent . 
  these kind of clubs are fine when times are good , but when things get really bad , like you have in spain and greece , the people will question why they are in the club in the first place . 
  what benefits does it bring ? 
  so far it has given us less democracy , less competitiveness , and has caused a not insignificant amount of bad blood between us . 
  why do you say that ? 
  france . 
  such a union would go a long way to balancing the power in europe with the german block . 
  oh yes , sorry , i meant to come back to this . 
  here it is : http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100194407/outside-the-eu-we-should-aim-to-copy-switzerland-not-norway/, 
  after every bailout there 's a calm . 
  then the shit hits the fan even worse . 
  the current debt and growth ( of lack of ) situation gives me no confidence that things are actually going to get better in the near future . 
   but the bad stuff often does n't have a lasting impact and the good stuff generally does . 
  the bad stuff like the debt , you mean ? 
  take a look at huomyn 's post and then say that things are getting better . 
   if you think you can determine credit ratings better than s&p can maybe you 're right . 
  maybe s&p have an excellent track record on their ratings that no lay-person could have possibly bettered . 
  or ... http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&amp;sid=ajs7bqg4_x8i, 
   whether you agree with him or not he certainly believes what he thinks . 
  as did enoch powell . 
  it 's also basically meaningless . 
  greece 's long term debt conditions have barely moved ( in fact they 've got worse in the last few months ) . 
  they 're predicted to have public debt of 192 % of gdp in 2014 , far worse than predicted at the start of the year ( something like 160 % ) . 
  this news is just s&p congratulating the eu/imf on doing what they wanted . 
   i just think it would be a shame if the uk quit because everyone is childish . 
  i agree with a lot of what you say , but to say that we would leave because we 're childish is a bit arrogant . 
  the british people are not idiots and it 's not as if it 's glaringly obvious that the eu has a net benefit to us . 
  there are counter-arguments that have validity too . 
  actually , it probably increases the gdp because it is spent directly by consumers , rather than supporting a wasteful state . 
  you 're right that it 's more the media than the politicians . 
  david cameron has repeatedly said that he wants us to stay in the eu , his negative dealings with the eu are meant to try to twist it so that the eu becomes more acceptable to the media and therefore the general public . 
  if he went with the course of full integration that most of the rest of europe seems to want then the people would surely vote to leave the eu at the referendum . 
  he 's trying to make it acceptable for us to vote to stay in . 
   it seems like your politicians are almost competing with each other in being euro sceptic both parties of the coalition , and also labour in opposition are pro-eu . 
  there was a very interesting piece in the telegraph about how the uk 's relationship with the eu would be closer to switzerland , rather than norway . 
  i wonder which article is in response to which . 
   i hate the conservatives getting pissy about putting more money in than the uk gets out . 
  is n't that what it was all about , making europe a more equal , fair and better place to be ? 
  no , that 's not what it was all about . 
  when the uk voted ( referendum ) to join the eec , it was because it would bring us economic benefits . 
  we did not vote for what we have at the moment . 
  because the house of lords is made up of foreigners ? 
  but you were talking about the uk cabinet ... and i still do n't see how you think that they were * elected * rather than * appointed * . 
  i do n't see what this has to do with the fed . 
  i was just getting clarification on the meaning of `` elected '' , not whether or not there is a precedent for it elsewhere . 
   those presidents in the eu who 're appointed do n't have any real power by themselves no , i suppose you 're right ... * facepalm * . 
   is it that hard to understand for your little english brain ? 
  i did wonder when the anti-british comments would start ... edit : i did an experiment where i got rid of my flair for a while - you 'd be surprised at how much the st. george 's flag irks people here . 
  there were approximately 40 % more downvotes with the flair than without . 
  this seems to happen quite often . 
   ( which is essentially what eu commissioners are ) no it 's not the same . 
  the members of the cabinet all have constituencies from where the were elected by the people . 
  no , but nobody in their right mind would say that they were elected . 
  same with the european commission . 
   the eu commission is appointed by these two elected bodies . 
  does that mean that you think the head of the ecb is elected ? 
   i would n't have an issue with a `` german '' born creating policy , nor of any eu nationality for that matter , as long as they have eu citizen interests at heart . 
  your trust in unelected politicians is admirable . 
  non-asian residents of oldham and bradford may not agree with you . 
   but man ... it will be a disaster at first do n't you think what is happening at the moment is already a disaster ? 
  [ the us is doing better than the rest of us ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-505123_162-57556125/u.s-gdp-revised-up-economy-grew-at-2.7-percent/ ) . 
   nato might have made war a military unsound choice an unsound choice ? 
  within a defensive alliance led by the world 's only superpower , it would be suicide . 
   have probably avoided the occurrence of another large war in europe oh come on , do you really think we 'd have gone to war if it were n't for the eu ? 
  even with everyone under the envelope of a defensive military alliance ( nato ) ? 
  labour laws and restrictive health and safety regulations have a lot to do with it . 
  it 's almost as if they think that the eu caused peace rather than being a consequence of it . 
  pure ignorance . 
  and that 's why ultimately i think they 'll take that route . 
  i 'm not commenting on what is the right policy - this discussion is about choices . 
  sorry , i meant the german delegate at the ecb , who in fact is more under the influence of merkel than the german finance minister . 
   not something she could have done for political reasons could obama repeal the healthcare bill ? 
  or vastly reduce federal minimum wage ? 
  no , he too is politically constrained . 
  it does n't mean , however , that he is not powerful . 
  power is about imposing your will . 
  in the same way , it is merkel 's will ( for whatever reason ) to impose austerity , and she has been able to do that because she has a lot of power within the upper echelons of european politics .
