  i do n't see why you think the trend of increasing unaccountability will reverse . 
  how do you make it more accountable ? 
  the more centralised it gets , the * less * accountable it is . 
  so ... you do n't have an alternative ? 
  if portugal does n't cut spending then it 'll default anyway . 
  how can portugal get its finances in order ? 
  i do n't understand what the alternative is for a country that is overloaded with debt and ca n't even borrow more at reasonable rates to finance spending . 
  unless of course , they leave the euro , default on their obligations , and print money to finance the deficit . 
  the liberal elite . 
  what a surprise . 
   * be * cause, 
  this is just a warning to scotland to step up their efforts to leave the uk and make sure they stay in the eu . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  it 's hardly surprising that germany 's central bank is opposed to inflationary policies of this kind , given that they have direct experience of their catastrophic effects . 
  schulz has built his career on the euro , so i 'm not sure that his opinion is entirely objective on this matter . 
   your economy would drop 10-15 % at least . 
  your unemployment would hit spain levels . 
  why so ? 
  he holds a different view from the majority on this subreddit therefore he is a troll ... ? 
  absolutely - you have to try to see the angle of every opinion . 
  or get into the countryside . 
  i was just wondering how you thought monti was improving the economy . 
  regarding the ratings , italy 's rating has been far too high for far too long now , which has increased the debt to unsustainable levels . 
  so how has the economy improved ? 
  he wants that to be the case , so of course he 's going to say that . 
  how has it improved ? 
  what makes you think italy 's been doing a lot to improve its economy . 
  how has it improved ? 
   more `` confidence of the financial sustainability of italy , of the soundness of its fundamentals and of its banking system , which is even better than important and virtuous countries . '', 
  more confidence than ... there was ? 
  yes , of course , because the ecb have promised to bail out the italian banks with government debt monetisation !, 
  it 's a failing system that needs rescuing . 
  sure . 
  [ recent bank bailout ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/articles/356619/20120626/italy-bank-bailout-banca-monte-paschi-profumo.htm ) [ bank downgrades by s&p ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/9450986/debt-crisis-sandp-downgrades-15-italian-banks.html ) [ trading halted in italian banks after sharp drops ] ( http://articles.marketwatch.com/2012-07-23/markets/32791517_1_banca-monte-dei-paschi-share-prices-banks ) these are all signs of a failing system . 
  it obviously depends what you 're talking about , whether it 's economics , culture , influence , etc. 
  economically , the context in which people have been referring to italy as the periphery , there is a case to be made . 
  it has structurally low growth ( similar to spain , greece , portugal ) , has high interest rates ( similar to all the other piigs ) , has a failing banking system , capital outflows , and is close to needing a bailout from the eu/ecb/imf / esm/etc . 
  i 'd say there 's certainly a case to be made that italy is indeed in the * economical * periphery of europe . 
   none of them were made up through a proces where all sides agreed to join . 
  nor was the eu . 
  the vast majority of the people of the eu did n't have a say in the matter - it was a creeping centralisation that most of the political elites supported ( so there was no credible political alternative for the people ) . 
  joint currency , whether or not there is joint fiscal policy , it the problem . 
  does no-one remember the gold standard ? 
  missing the point entirely . 
  the reason why they 're at loggerheads is * because * they are centralised . 
  lumping everyone together as the use is only going to increase tensions between member states . 
  fantastic solution , for a tiny population . 
   ought to know how lucky they are or indeed how hard-working they are . 
  does no-one care about editorialised titles any more ? 
  no , they 're buying a stake in us . 
  `` theft '' of ideas is what allows ideas to spread and has done so throughout history . 
  it 's a good thing . 
  i feel that decentralised economies are more able to weather storms like we 've got at the moment . 
  the larger the organisation , the less efficient it is . 
  our economy is constrained by health and safety and labour laws that make us less competitive in a rapidly changing world economy . 
  we need to be flexible and innovative , two qualities that the eu stifles . 
  no , it 's not an entirely different culture . 
  i think you 'd be very hard pressed to find two more * similar * european nations . 
  that 's not really the point though , it 's about self-determination , as cb43569 said . 
  that 's a good description of why i think scotland should get independence , and why the uk should leave the eu . 
  you do n't read it enough then . 
  warmongers . 
  it 's far less than perfect . 
  the trouble is that people will try to read something into the results , but they 're so skewed as to be fairly meaningless . 
  it 's not surprising that you got those results over on / r/uk given that the questions are so loaded towards a left/libertarian viewpoint . 
  honestly , this is a ridiculous survey . 
  just look at the first question :  if economic globalisation is inevitable , it should primarily serve humanity rather than the interests of trans-national corporations . 
  it may as well have said :  if economic globalisation is inevitable , do you want the world to be a better place or do you want it to be run by a new york banker with horns and a whip ? 
  is n't anyone else getting bored of txampion 's `` spain/greece , pay your debts '' trolling ? 
  i 'm sure you 're not making the mistake of confusing conservative with ignorant , but just in case you are , let me tell you about my town . 
  yes it 's small , yes it 's conservative . 
  but they 're certainly not ignorant - they just do n't believe in your lefty `` progressive '' policies that they understand have impoverished vast swathes of the population . 
  they 'd rather the state did n't get involved because they work hard and do n't expect favours from anyone . 
  typical opportunism from the guardian . 
  shameless reporting . 
  not to be pedantic , but i do n't think pedantic is the word you 're looking for here . 
  the cynic in me would say that you posted it to garner support for your view towards the eu ... 
  it is if you do it repeatedly , yes . 
  shameless propaganda . 
  come on reddit , you 're better than this . 
  pretty sure that constantly saying `` pay your debts '' to greek people is harassment/bullying and therefore against the rules . 
  when is this troll going to be reined-in/banned ? 
  i think it looks quite good . 
   so the eu should n't be scrapped , we just ought to go back to the eec ? 
  that would be preferable , yes . 
   no , just because a happened and then b happened , that does n't mean b happened because of a. 
  your logic that the eu stopped wars just because there have n't been any wars since the eu was created is equally flawed . 
   however we 're not that lucky and therefore we need to be together to remain competitive in this globalized world remain competitive ? 
  the eu 's straightjacket is making us * less * competitive . 
  in fact , that 's the major cause of the current crisis - an inability to adapt to a modern globalised world . 
   i mean , really , what specific thing did the eu did that was so harmful ? 
  let 's start with restrictive labour laws and frankly insane health and safety regulations . 
  edit : oh , and germany , italy , and france all have more gold reserves than switzerland . 
   in the past , when there was no eu and we were n't working together and we all followed our own separate goals , those were centuries filled with bloodshed and conflict . 
  the maastricht treaty was created in 1993 . 
  there had n't been a war in the eu countries for 50 years before it was created !, 
  now , integration has caused more conflict , has created a depression in many of the member states , and has caused the rise of extremist political parties in several member states . 
  i sincerely hope that we have the sense to decentralise before we do go to war again . 
   besides , just look at the european micro-states , they 're not that better off , they 're just irrelevant . 
  why not look at some other countries that are not in the eu , norway and switzerland , for instance ...
