   independence from political influence was one of the ecb 's design goals , after all . 
  the most powerful member of the ecb is the german finance minister . 
  in fact , he 's just about the only major force blocking money printing at the moment . 
  merkel 's influence in his policy should not be understated . 
  as opposed to allowing the ecb to inflate the debts away . 
   but not actually all that powerful , since her choices are rather constrained . 
  she has imposed austerity on a whole continent . 
  you have a very low opinion of the majority of british people . 
  little bit arrogant , i 'd say . 
  the us imposed peace on europe with the marshall plan and nato . 
  the eu is not the main driver here , no matter how often it is asserted here . 
  edit : obviously i should be flogged for this heresy . 
  it is a bailout in everything except name . 
  what 's the difference between the two scenarios below : 1 . 
  spain bails out the bank directly and hence requires recapitalisation from the troika ( a sovereign bailout ) . 
  the eu bails out the bank directly so that spain does n't need a bailout . 
  what , practically , is the difference ? 
  a story about a 40 billion euro bailout is a storm in a teacup ? 
  what has this world become ? 
   this is not as bad as greece . 
  it 's a bank recapitalization request , quite different from the greek bailout which is a sovereign debt crisis . 
  it 's pretty bad . 
  what if there were no mechanism to bail out the bank ? 
  spain would have to do it , and spain ca n't afford it because they 're having to go to europe for it . 
  it 's the same thing really . 
  it had to come soon , the denials of spain 's need for a bailout have been coming thick and fast over the past few months . 
   or are you another eaglebertarian idiot , who thinks that we must end the central banking ? 
   ron paul ? 
  are you a ron paul supporter ? 
  liberty , amirite ? 
  what on earth are you on about ? 
  stockholm syndrome , or capture-bonding , is a psychological phenomenon in which hostages express empathy , sympathy and have positive feelings towards their captors , sometimes to the point of defending them . 
  stockholm syndrome in full effect . 
   they think it was designed to force the eu into becoming a federal state by wearing down the independence of individual nations citizens to the point where any solution will be accepted so long as it solves the `` never ending crisis '' . 
  i 'm a eurosceptic and i do n't believe this . 
  i just think that the euro is not in the best interests of most of the countries that are a part of it . 
   i really wish you would , since personally i 'd love to move to london in a few years us leaving the eu will not preclude that . 
  we had immigration from europe before , and we will again . 
  the problem is that people here think that being a eurosceptic means that you hate europe . 
  i happen to believe that we would all be a lot better off if the eu were broken up - it would be more flexible and able to adapt to the challenges of the 21st century . 
  i 've thought about it a lot and that is the opinion that i 've come to . 
  that in itself is no reason for the vitriol that we get on this subreddit . 
   i just feel that people were not educated enough on it to make a difference . 
  this is a very dangerous train of thought that can end in authoritarianism . 
  climate change in itself is not a problem - the world has seen far more dramatic changes in its history , including the relatively short human history ( about 4000 years ago , for instance , the sea level was rising nearly 50 times faster than it is today ) . 
  the problem is that we 're not ready for it . 
  our culture is too short term so we build in places where it is easy to do so but has a large risk of flooding as the sea level rises . 
  the earth will recover . 
  humans need to adapt . 
  it 's fine to give anecdotal evidence , but it does n't prove a point . 
  germany is one of the few countries without that and yet they have extremely low unemployment and an almost unrivalled standard of living . 
  `` we are relaxed about them getting filthy rich as long as they pay their taxes . '', 
  maybe asean should have a seat too . 
  well what 's the point in saying it then ? 
  you obviously believe that what you witnessed is due to global warming , but you have no perspective to back it up !, 
  it 's true , you ca n't just site one example and say ` well , that proves it ' . 
  that 's extremely unscientific and does n't prove a thing . 
   martin schultz : in a globalised world , the uk would risk so much going it alone . 
  its influence would decline and it would be separated from its closest geographic and political allies in continental europe . 
  we need to see a britain engaged with its european partners . 
   herve mariton : playing with the idea of a referendum is dangerous - many people think they can speak about it , but what might happen is that the uk gets out without people realising what is happening , without all the consequences being totally analysed . 
   emma bonino : the uk is not the only eu country to strive for referendums on europe or for powers to be repatriated from brussels . 
  it is certainly the most vocal and , by far , the most obstinate - to the point at times of being in complete denial of its national interests . 
   ulf sverdrup : the alternatives to formal membership for the uk are also difficult to imagine . 
   derk-jan eppink : leaving the eu would not be good for the eu or the uk . 
   hugo brady : the uk is ireland 's biggest trading partner and there is a common travel area with the uk . 
  the irish are very uncomfortable with uk talk of leaving . 
  the euro is irreversible for us and it would be complicated to join a looser trading relationship with the uk . 
   radek sikorski : we would like to have britain on board because britain is an important country , an important guardian of liberal rules within the common market . 
  we would be sorry to lose you because we have been friends and allies for many years and we would like to have you contribute . 
  there 's not a single voice here on the other side of the argument . 
  this is a pro-eu propaganda piece , pure and simple . 
  your anecdotal evidence proves nothing . 
  in medieval times there were vineyards in northern england . 
  it amazes me that they can get away with articles like this , given that obligation . 
  if there was ever any doubt about where the bbc stands on this debate ... 
  i really do n't think a referendum would end in that way . 
  the opinions of the country are split at the moment , and come a referendum you 'd have both opposition parties and the leadership of the conservative party campaigning to stay in . 
  not to mention the bbc ... 
  and low wages . 
  germany is extremely competitive with its exports , in a large part due to the fact that [ wages have n't been inflated as they have in the other major european states ] ( http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/wo-aj830a_gerwa_g_20120520204203.jpg ) . 
  they have the lowest unemployment . 
  maybe having no minimum wage is actually a good thing . 
  sure , the idiots in charge of the eu are hurting everyone , but hollande made it worse for france . 
  there are potentially serious consequences . 
  this was inevitable . 
  when most of europe is trying to cut entitlements , france is going in the opposite direction . 
   and the version that was subsequently used by the world was the greek one . 
  therefore saying our democracies ' birthplace is greece is correct . 
  i did n't say `` our '' democracy - i said `` democracy '' , which existed before the greek `` version '' . 
  the point being that the greek version is a continuation and development of previous versions , not some great leap of civilisation that the west declares it to be . 
  from your source :  thorkild jacobsen has studied the pre-babylonian mesopotamia and uses sumerian epic , myth and historical records to identify what he calls primitive democracy . 
  by this he means a government in which ultimate power rests with the mass of free male citizens , although `` the various functions of government are as yet little specialized , the power structure is loose '' . 
  sources ? 
  http://www.newcastle.edu.au/resources/schools/newcastle%20business%20school/apsa/intlrel/isakhan-ben.pdf  democracy can therefore be seen to have a lineage tracing back as far as civilisation itself . 
  democracy existed in ancient india and mesopotamia independently . 
  it was n't invented by the greeks . 
  it 's amazing how much vitriol is coming from ` the continent ' , just because a large proportion of our population want to leave the club . 
   and democracy . 
  and football .
