  ) , and prosperity ( currency union and stifling labour laws have left vast swathes of the continent uncompetitive and inflexible in a rapidly changing world ) . 
  verhofstadt sounds a bit power-hungry ... 
  more debt then ? 
  the spanish system is not exactly a model of democracy . 
  weidmann is right . 
  i 'm constantly astounded at how people * still * think that printing money is a viable solution , given the history of money printing . 
  you have a lot of hate . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
   mainstream ideology do you mean the views of the main parties that are pro-european ... ? 
  that looks awesome . 
  may have to take a trip up there !, 
  what else is there to do ? 
  the bundesbank will not like this . 
  there 's almost no chance of independence before an eu referendum in the uk . 
  no they do n't , but practically they are . 
  the european commission is 100 % * appointed * , not * elected * . 
  this is not the case , and never has been , for the uk cabinet ( which is 100 % elected ) . 
  you can vote them out of parliament . 
  scotland is a part of the uk . 
   everybody is represented according to population . 
  what could be more democratic ? 
  you have a lot to learn about democracy . 
  how , for instance , could we ( if we so wished ) remove members of the european commission , who propose eu laws ? 
   that 's what we have right now and it 's not working . 
  we 're trying to tackle a financial crisis with 27 different solutions and that 's not efficient at all . 
  actually , now we 're trying to solve it as a centralised authority . 
  what we should be doing is letting insolvent countries default so that they can regain competitiveness and adapt to changing situations . 
  it 'll hurt , but not as much as centrally printing money to paper over structural issues . 
  centralisation means that the major decisions are taken by * people * , not by natural forces . 
  this , i believe , is increasingly difficult in an increasingly complex and inter-connected world . 
  sure , centralisation means you can make quick decisions , but a parliament can not hope to keep up with technology to make the * right * decision . 
  no i have n't , you may be onto something there ... no , the reason i think that decentralisation is better for europe is that the world is changing rapidly , and with the exponential progress of technology , europe needs to be flexible and adaptable to remain competitive in the 21st century . 
  edit : also , democracy 'n all . 
  what if you think that the best thing for europe is decentralisation ? 
   the way to make it more democratic is to give it more power . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm reading this ... 
  * farage, 
  that 's a shame ; he eloquently evokes the standpoint of the sceptics , so you might learn something about the `` other side '' if you listen to him . 
  edit : added `` that 's a '' to avoid the impression that i was saying `` shame on you '' . 
  i think it 's because he said fuck . 
  average people are extraordinarily good looking . 
  right wing ?!, 
  in what way ? 
   these people are put in office by people you elected . 
  right . 
  this is the rub . 
  they are not * directly * elected and they * can not be removed by the people * . 
  therefore they are not accountable . 
  is it acceptable that the people who propose eu laws are not accountable ? 
  it was a just a bit of a joke ... 
  all i 'm saying is that the video is wrong , not whether or not the euro is adequately priced for export expedience . 
  well quite , that 's why this sort of propaganda is so bad . 
   they ca n't just go around producing videos full of lies without being sued . 
  that 's why they have n't made statements here of which it can be proved in a court of law that they lied deliberately to influence the european people . 
   a federal europe will happen if the average voter can be convinced that it 's a good thing . 
  right , that 's why the debate from the top needs to be balanced . 
  this official piece is in no way balanced . 
   friend , it 's already done : the eec does not exist anymore ; the eu does . 
  but the eu is not irrevocable . 
   but we do need the eu if we want to stay relevant in this world . 
  this is certainly the viewpoint of the pro-eu world . 
  i watched the whole thing . 
  it 's full of lies intended to influence the viewer to a pro-federation standpoint - essentially , it is propaganda . 
   the first part you quoted was as far as the initial crisis that started in the us . . no it was not . 
  it is referring to a post-lehman world , yet the euro lost around 15 % of its value since . 
  even more if you count the crisis months leading up to lehman . 
  out of interest , do you believe what is said in the video ? 
   the euro broadly maintained its value , and successfully shielded eurozone countries from the worst effects of the economic crisis pure lies . 
   because eurozone economies are so interdependent , if one prospers , others will benefit . 
  honestly ... walkereu , why do you disseminate this blatant propaganda ? 
   and my own viewpoint is that you can not stop time and return to the way things were during eg . 
  e ( e ) c times . 
  ah , so you think that this integration is inevitable . 
  should people who do n't think it 's a good thing just sit back and accept it ? 
  maybe they 'll just call it the [ insert name of place where it is signed ] treaty , and avoid a referendum . 
  so what did you mean in this context ? 
  saying that things will change is rather stating the obvious . 
  thanks for letting us know . 
  uk and the welsh ? 
  of course the guardian would say that . 
   `` creating this federation ... will ultimately require a new treaty , '' mr barroso said . 
  i wonder if the people of the nation states will be asked about this before joining . 
  so an eu federation that was born out of the need to integrate , would voluntarily limit their powers ? 
  i suspect they 'd try to get as much under their control as is humanly possible . 
  are you suggesting that federation is inevitable ? 
   what i was wondering ( and i am serious , i am not trolling now ) i love how you have to say this . 
  actually , it 's been pretty flat for the past few days . 
  except for against the dollar , which has weakened over the past few days . 
  they are not so remote from each other that there is no influence . 
  if catalunia got independence , it is hard to believe that this would not affect the basques in any way . 
   power in the eu is not centralised . 
  it 's extremely divided up amongst individual states , mostly france , germany , italy , uk , netherlands and spain ... 
  this is the same in any parliament cabinet - you have factions within it that want different things . 
  it does n't mean that it 's not centralised . 
  a decentralised system would be one where the constituencies have no central meetings - they all act on their own interests . 
  a centralised system , as we have in the eu , is one where these disparate entities come together to decide * overarching * legislation . 
  it 's a bicameral system , yes , but that does n't mean that it 's not highly centralised . 
  there may be factions and disputes along national lines within the organisation , but this is just a larger version of national parliaments . 
  the point is that you have a parliament that has the power to tax and spend . 
  in the eu , you have 750 meps representing something like 750,000,000 people - if that 's not centralised , i do n't know what is .
