  democracy needs power to be in the hands of the people , and the hugely confusing system that we currently have takes the power away from them . 
  i believe that we need to * de * centralise to restore democracy . 
  whatever the technical structure and processes of the eu , the upshot is that hardly anyone ( barring dedicated followers such as you have on this subreddit ) has any idea how the system works , how to change it , how to make it accountable , etc. 
  in practical terms , it is not run by the people , therefore it is undemocratic . 
  i 'm not saying that britain is any better , but europe is another level on top of that and only confuses people . 
  true democracy relies on the populace having knowledge . 
  regarding growth , i believe that western countries have reached a level of maturity at which they are starting to weaken - they are too bloated by social programmes that are paid for by future generations ( i.e. 
  that they ca n't afford ) . 
  what is needed now is a return to competitiveness without the constraints of centralisation . 
  that , in my opinion , is impossible within the eu as it stands and as it is projected to be . 
   there does n't seem to be that much said in multubunu 's comment , just pointing out that you make that distinction . 
  not so , with `` so much said '' , ( s ) he was obviously implying that it explains far more than just the distinction you correctly point out . 
  there 's also a lot said in your comment . 
  i made this post to offer something positive , to offer a palm leaf , if you will . 
  your response is to make a sneering comment , something negative . 
  lots of british people see much negativity and antagonism towards us within europe - it wo n't help our integration . 
  please be positive . 
  that said , you are correct . 
  our geographical position on the edge of europe and separated from the continent does lead to an `` over there '' mentality . 
  maybe it even allows us to be more objective about the economic reality within europe . 
  rubbish - it 's a military defensive alliance , just as it always has been . 
  to compare it to the changes seen in european integration since the 50s is quite ridiculous . 
  the eu is almost unrecognisable compared with the eec . 
  no it was not . 
  you 're probably thinking of the economy community . 
   but it 's also supported by the immense prosperity cultivated by the common market and international trading relations making the cost of war insurmountable . 
  but we 're * less * prosperous now , as i said in my previous post . 
  and do n't you think it 's a bit weird that the peace has come since the formation of nato , rather than the formation of the eu ? 
  the eu is a * consequence * of the peace , rather than a * cause * of it . 
   it is my view that it actually does , mostly by virtue of the common market . 
  what people do n't seem to even bring into the discussion is the issue of regulation of the common market , namely : it 's impossible to have a common market without significant coordination of regulation . 
  that 's the main goal of the eu , as it stands today . 
  and this kind of proves my point . 
  you have offered no numbers with comparison . 
  it 's just all talk . 
  since the creation of the eu , median wages have been stagnant while the cost of living has risen inexorably , competitiveness has been lost to emerging markets , we need * two * incomes now just for households to stay afloat rather than one being ample 40 years ago . 
  the last 30-40 years have been about western decline , yet pro-europeans still talk about the benefits of union . 
  they claim that it has brought peace , completely ignoring the fact that we 've all been under an american defensive umbrella ( nato ) . 
  i fail to see the `` self-evident '' argument . 
   the whole debate is so loaded with presuppositions on both sides that it 's extremely difficult to not end up at the extreme end of each side this is very true . 
  on the skeptic side there is a deep-seated aversion of a centralised state and on the pro-eu side it is held that it is self-evident that the uk benefits economically from the union . 
  neither is true . 
  dismantled is the best option . 
  will there be repercussions from this revelation ? 
  lots of people do , via the great [ pcp ] ( http://www.finance4cars.co.uk/pcp_finance_explained.htm ) swindle . 
  as always with the headline inflation figure , it is higher for poorer people ( more money spent on food and energy ) and lower for richer people ( more money spent on electronics , cars , etc. ) . 
  edit : and the communications data is a bit misleading , too . 
  it basically says that a 1ghz computer is cheaper now than it was last year . 
  but requirements upgrade too , so you 're probably spending more or similar on communications now than you were last year , but the specs have been upgraded so they say that prices are lower . 
  nice try . 
  everyone 's at another soap box though . 
  maybe they do , maybe they do n't . 
  we 'll soon see , i suppose . 
  interesting times . 
  yes . 
  that 's his position . 
  of course they do - they loaded up on spanish bonds !, 
   i think we should keep doing austerity . 
  in the structural reform sense of the word but also in the simply spending less sense . 
   given that we 're doing austerity we would have quite a lot less inflation than the core , thus printing money would help us regain competitiveness quicker . 
  so you think george osborne 's policy is correct ? 
  because the nation is currently the largest entity that has a degree of political homogeneity ( and therefore control ) . 
  if your comment were pro-euro , it would n't have been downvoted . 
  i suspect that if it were trumpeted by the eu elites , it would filter down to the majority of the press too . 
  it was suggested by the pro-eu camp less than a month ago . 
  i believe it was van rompuy 's idea . 
  i just did a search for endemic on the news tab on google and the first british hits were the independent , the guardian , and the mirror . 
  it seems that maybe it 's more of a left wing word . 
  well , we could have a trade agreement with china for instance . 
  and australia , canada , etc. 
  and the likely result of us leaving the eu would mean us still having a free trade agreement with the eu , so no loss there . 
  yes . 
  freedom from restrictive labour laws , health and safety laws . 
  the ability to make trade agreements that better suit the uk . 
  if you look at most of the comments on this thread , they are aimed at the british people , not the leaders . 
  this is something that is endemic in this subreddit . 
  the problems are structural , not rhetorical . 
   in my opinion most brits know that they would benefit from it but there is an unhealthy pride left from the colonial days that makes them hesitate i 'm sure this is the sort of thing your media feed you , but it 's simply not true . 
  our hesitancy towards eu integration is primarily economic . 
  edit : also , the antipathy from the rest of europe towards britain ( heartily on display in this thread ) does n't help matters . 
  it 's a bit odd . 
  surely if the * separatists * were still successful , it would be as it is now , not a united country . 
  no , he is welsh ... 
   the uk has only one real choice there - all in . 
  this would involve adopting the euro . 
  if you took a poll at the moment , `` should we adopt the euro ? 
  '' , you 'd get a 90 % no . 
  i just ca n't see it happening any time soon . 
  if we were n't in the eu , we would be able to negotiate trade deals with emerging markets , something that we are banned from doing at the moment . 
  it 's a mistake to think that successful/intelligent people are invariably right and can not be challenged by the lay person , especially if there they have an agenda as is obviously the case here . 
  as they look to the future , all they will see is more debt . 
  what is it , 190 % of gdp by 2017 ? 
  that does n't look all that rosy to me . 
  i do n't think that discounts it from being news ( i.e. 
  a report of a recent event ) . 
  how is it not ? 
  those mps may be a minority , but they are currently heavily influencing cameron 's stance towards europe - he ca n't afford to ignore their views . 
  that position would be welcomed by many of the eurosceptic politicians in britain so there might not be too much bargaining to be done . 
  over the past 30 years or so , the west has been getting further and further from a free market . 
  what we have now is very much a state where corporations have integrated with politics .
