   refugees from europe you mean syria your neighbor ... where they should all be going and staying anyway ? 
  [ he 's not the one to worry about ] ( http://i.imgur.com/itzfpt8.png ) . 
  someone has n't stepped on a lego yet . 
  so you hat builds weapons of mass destruction . 
  what 's your point ? 
  ours has moose . 
  excuse me ? 
  our hat has poutine . 
  yeah no kidding . 
  jesus the country has 336 million people , and yet the only americans that exist are stupid and fat . 
  no we do n't . 
  we were taught as far back as middle school ( year 6 ) that it was a european war , and that we had very little to do with it . 
  this is true , which is why we need some event to cause everyone to stop and say we can reduce the budget . 
  because as of right now the idea is if you cut spending , then mission effectiveness gets compromised because you are doing the same amount of work with less money . 
  so if we cut some of the work we are doing , we can cut the funding . 
  a country annexing territory of another is n't something we 've seen in north america since the mexican-american war . 
  we still maintain our forces , and we fight in what seems to be every single european war ever . 
  and recently , it seems like we are the only one fighting in the european wars . 
  during the initial invasion of iraq poland supplied ... 126 men . 
  my high school graduating class was larger than that . 
  the maximum number of troops from poland in iraq was 2,500 . 
  this was in 2005 , and y' all swiftly pulled out . 
  sorry we do n't sing about the large assistance the poles brought to the iraq invasion . 
  europe directly benefits from isis not being in syria , how many troops did poland put against isis ? 
  they have done nothing but `` political support '' . 
  which means `` yeah you guys ? 
  you fighting a good fight ! '', 
  but only at a cost . 
  40,000 more nato troops , which were primarily american . 
  sorry we are n't signing ballads of your awesomeness in the conflict in syria . 
  [ and i ai n't just bullshitting either , you have put zero troops into syria , zero resources into the actual fighting , and you have the gall to demand more us presence in the east . ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2014/11/12/who-has-contributed-what-in-the-coalition-against-the-islamic-state/ ) . 
  afghanistan : 2,500 troops , again in 2003 long before russia threw a hissy fit . 
  do n't you tell me you were too busy to protect yourself . 
  because all your troops were withdrawn long before the russian war against fucking georgia , let alone crimea . 
  you have no idea how little you do . 
  those 5,00 troops you 've put in the past 20 years to `` help '' the us , was offset when you demanded another 40,000 nato ( again , primarily us ) troops . 
  then independent of that demand , the us sent another 4200 troops to eastern europe . 
  our men are risking death at your request . 
  we ask you to do the same , and we get this bullshit . 
  concentrated on iraq my ass . 
  right now poland is the 18th largest military in the world , they have 150,000 active duty military members , and half a million active reserves . 
  they have 1000 tanks , they have 2700 afv , 450 spg , 72 artillary , 240 mrls , and 460 aircraft . 
  and yet they do nothing with them . 
  concentrating on iraq my ass . 
  then build some ability to take care of yourselves . 
  the united states should not need to do massive deployments to the ukraine because russia took a small worthless peninsula they ca n't even administrate effectively . 
  a russian succession movement in the ukraine should not have needed us intervention . 
  poland , germany , estonia , latvia , lithuania , croatia , bulgaria , serbia , ukraine , finland , sweden , and norway should all be able to handle it themselves . 
  a drop in the ocean does not matter , just as the 2 percent does n't . 
  china 's not a superpower , they could run a soviet style defensive war , but that 's just nit-picky and does n't really pertain to the conversation . 
  then why does n't the eu get an army ? 
  because as long as the us is deploying huge numbers of troops into poland and turkey there is no incentive . 
  if the us people do n't profit from it , then there is no advantages for the us . 
  largest trading partner with the us is canada , followed by china and mexico , then japan , all these are growing . 
  we are also seeking stronger trade relations with vietnam , laos , south korea , indonesia , india , australia , and new zealand . 
  and regardless of whether expanding the eu for the sake of eu is good or not , it is exactly what has been happening . 
  fair enough . 
  you can defend yourself without nukes . 
  we have very little influence in eastern europe , and there would be almost no economic , or political loses from the `` fall '' of anything east of poland . 
  so a stable west ? 
  sure , it is good for us to a point . 
  but a stable east very low . 
  if it was n't for the west 's inability to influence the region itself , the us would have limited involvement . 
  but as it stands right now , no amount of influence we may possibly have in the east is not worth the 200 billion dollar portion of our military spending used to eastern europe . 
  plus , a pro west east europe is an objective of the west ... ern europeans , as it expands the eu . 
  the mentioning of nz in wwi is less who they fought , and more how much they fought . 
  the point being : your addition to the force makes very little difference , even when compared to a nation who had to cross the planet whose casualties were less than 20,000 , when you only need to move 1000 km east . 
  the reason why your paltry military defense is sufficient is because most of your defense needs comes from being a glorified us protectorate . 
  why should we in the us give a rat 's ass about the ukraine , the baltics , or belarus . 
  we do n't . 
  only reason why we bother is because we are responsible for the defense of europe . 
  some of us would much rather not need to bother with it . 
  but we have to , because you all wo n't protect yourselves . 
  some of us are war weary . 
  we wonder why our fathers and brothers fight foreign wars when they refuse to defend themselves . 
  we look at their systems of government . 
  we hear them tout scientific and artistic advancements . 
  we look at how they care for their sick , and for their old , and for their young . 
  and we wonder why they have so much when we get what seems so little in return . 
  pair that with not only refusal of assistance with your defense , but also under constant insult and what seems like anger no matter where we go . 
  europe or otherwise . 
  is it too much to ask to protect your allies ? 
  tell me ... is it too much to protect yourselves ? 
  for some here in the us ( myself included ) it is n't the fact that y' all do n't send troops . 
  is that the troops you send are such a pitiful amount it seems like new zealand deployed more help during wwi against the ottomans than y' all do to protect europe . 
  there is growing support ( though still very much a minority , again myself included ) for a total and sudden withdraw from europe in terms of militaristic power . 
  if only to force europeans to budget more for their own defense , and to allow us to cut back . 
  i 'm for poland and romania , but turkey ... ? 
  lets talk policy change in exchange for protection . 
  but alas , that 's not how nato works . 
  yeah man , brussels has been fucking us over for decades . 
  you know , if this trend continues ... trump may actually end up being one of the best presidents in the 21st century . 
  but then again ... every rule has exceptions . 
  because based on his logic , merkel now has the right to shut down those newspapers . 
  grandpa was american , worked on c-47 's , brother was in germany and did infantry . 
  my grandpa is still alive , his brother was shot in belgium i think ? 
  hell one of my grandfather 's brothers was a huge nazi . 
  had family on both sides of the war . 
  mexico united states and canada ? 
  no , but us can ?
