  literally since the dawn of governments . 
  this is partially why we have embassies and foreign officials . 
  i would also like to remind you , that one of our president 's jobs is foreign diplomacy , and this was diplomacy . 
  but it matters to us , and it effects us . 
  to claim we should n't put our two cents in is ludicrous . 
  we got told off by germany recently and we did n't throw a fit . 
  its pretty sad some people in europe still think europe is a european matter . 
  here 's the thing , that is n't how international diplomacy works . 
  we are a much more influential in the uk than the uk is to the us . 
  not wrong , just naive as to how international diplomacy works . 
  they did as of february , tpp . 
  it has n't gone into effect yet , but its been signed by everyone . 
  yeah , i 'd much rather go for those economies set to overtake you in a few decades actually . 
  growth rates matter . 
  why not ? 
  its better for the us to have the uk in the eu . 
  hey now , i see you eyeing norway . 
  get back to being germany 's hat where you belong . 
  our only true special friend is france , everyone else is just allies . 
  mind if i pitch in a little ? 
  currently the us is working on ensuring tpp goes into effect as planned . 
  next would be more negotiations with europe due to russia still being a bit finicky . 
  there are some investments in africa we are looking into as well . 
  us vs china over there in terms of future markets . 
  then , maybe we 'll see what we can do with india . 
  lastly , we 'll perhaps work with the uk . 
  not because we do n't like you , but you are n't growing as fast as africa and india , and you do n't have as much business and such as the rest of europe combined . 
  and canada has oil . 
  of course , a lot of policy is speculation and opinion on priorities , but it is n't too far fetched to put the uk as a fairly low priority . 
  i 'm thinking a territory of new zealand , just to really burn them . 
  uhh ... our army is the largest ... and we spend more than the 7 next largest ( this includes the uk by the way ) combined ... so yeah . 
  good luck with that . 
  you may be the largest foreign investor in the us ... but all foreign investment accounts for .8 percent of our [ gdp ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/bx.klt.dinv.wd.gd.zs ) . 
  so i mean ... sure go ahead . 
  wo n't really bother us much . 
  are n't y' all due to have austria and russia take a very large interest in your politics ? 
  til, 
  no , you were correct , i meant the winter war of 1939 . 
  not too learned on the subject . 
  did n't they try that during the winter war ? 
  or was that fought for different reasons ? 
  that is a measure of distance around the world . 
  we make sure no military base is more than 2 df/i away from each other . 
  we use eagles for temperature . 
  0e is the temperature of an eagles beak . 
  100e is the temperature of the f-15 's engines . 
  -100 e is the temperature of russia during winter . 
  chocolate and cocaine are made from the same plant , are they the same ? 
  i must say ... for someone who claims they grill all summer , you are using the wrong fuel . 
   no sane belgium til there is more than one belgium , and not all of them are sane . 
   ikea  netherlands ev ... everything i thought i knew ... its all a lie ... 
  wait yesterday ... what did they do yesterday ? 
  well , at least i warranted a reprimand from the belgian pope ... wait ... oh no is this another schism ? 
  honestly , i 'm have too much caution to feel this incidents warrants even a strongly worded letter . 
  but that is a very extreme view i have as far as international diplomacy goes . 
  eeeehhhhhhhhhhh , there are many state subs with larger populations . 
  such as / r/maine . 
  you know , for all the patriotism we throw all over the god damn place , i was hoping a star-spangled circlejerk of eagles and freedom . 
  a good conversation to have , but this is not the place . 
  this was more a look at how iceland responded to the panama papers , a far more polarized public that ended up increasing the popularity of the current government . 
  huh ... we uh ... we really do n't have one actually . 
  he 's cuban ... they could 've been american , but they decided not to . 
  the united states is an empire , ai n't no way around that , we conduct ourselves like an empire , we have land like an empire , and we have a sense of nationalism like an empire . 
  that comes with some advantages : science , economics , and warfare being some examples . 
  but there are major fall backs ( to me at least ) , things like social welfare , issues with minorities , and a love of warfare . 
  its an interesting nation to be in , but i think i 'll like it a bit more if i can watch it from the outside . 
  so quick question : should the uk leave the eu , do you think the immigration laws of the uk will become a little bit more lenient toward people from outside europe ? 
  i feel like y' all 've been here before . 
  mr kettle . 
  mr pot called . 
  he says you 're black . 
  strange , i use that logic here and get called a racist myself . 
  huh . 
  until shots are fired , you are not being attacked . 
  keep the guns out , keep the safety off , hell keep the finger on the trigger , but do n't pull till you are ready to fight a war . 
  yeah ... cause war over some surveying flights is worth it . 
  they ai n't some desert shack nation in the middle of a continent far away from the us . 
  they are a power , they have industry , and they can simultaneously attack the us and europe . 
  i mean , they would lose spectacularly , but i do n't need tens or hundreds of thousands of us military deaths painting my news feed for a few years . 
  well i mean ... to be fair ... the entire new world is seen as the american sphere of influence here ... as is large swaths of far east asia . 
  and to a point ... we kinda have a similar feeling about europe . 
  did ... did we just get shown up by turkey ? 
  my eagle is wearing a fez , please send help . 
  fine then , they 'll still go back with more than they left with . 
  remember , `` well-founded '' , there need to be obvious harm coming toward your group . 
  until jedi are being refused services nation wide and beaten in the streets , the un will laugh in your face . 
  another possibility is to ensure the refugees are spread out as much as possible . 
  hard to form a community when there are only small pockets of 40 of ya spread miles apart . 
  no , you do n't need assimilation policy ( which is different than refugee policy mind you , much smaller scope ) , until you have issues with people not assimilating . 
  as , under normal circumstances , each country gets to choose how many people they let in , and the number is usually very low even compared to the countries capabilities . 
  policies i 'm talking about are extreme things like relocation policies , not everyone gets to live in stockholm kinda thing . 
  of course , it could be these do exist and are just not working in which case work still needs to be done . 
  we were talking about refugees and long term migrant workers , out of no where comes seasonal workers who have entirely different outlooks on their situations . 
  i think of india and china as `` most 1st world 2nd world '' personally . 
  no it is n't . 
  the idea that someone through no fault of their own does n't pick up a local culture is foreign to many many many people . 
  they think assimilation is just something that happens . 
  and they are right , but under different conditions than the ones currently found in europe . 
  because acculturation is rarely talked about , and studied only in universities , and even then , sometimes only in certain programs . 
  ... huh .
