  its like using the old definition of cunt . 
  does n't really fly anymore . 
  unless you are a teacher . 
  then go somewhere else . 
  i found out something fun about my name . 
  shout `` see kyle '' ( just do n't do it in germany ) . 
  can we let the degree holding americans out though ? 
  no reason why they have to be punished . 
  plus us universities are still world-class ... please ? 
  uhhh ... 40 in theory . 
  in practice it can go up to 60 . 
  oh and uh ... we do n't get very good maternity leave . 
  no paternity leave . 
  and those vacation days ? 
  do n't use them . 
  you 'll get replaced if you consistently use them with someone who wo n't . 
  someone 's got ta practice scripting somehow . 
  wish i could afford a doc ... stool 's been bloody for about year now : /, 
  * shrug * american family working in germany , maybe they just did n't think to show it ? 
  * shrug * unlucky i suppose . 
  no , though i grew up in germany so maybe that has something to do with it . 
  jesus , how many towns are in that picture !? 
  that 's perhaps the most surprising thing for me . 
  konigsberg should be returned to germany , not poland . 
  damn poles , they 've had it too good for too long . 
  you and poland should get back together , you were a cute couple . 
  its typically the faith of the president ( which so far has always been some variety of christian ) , and you invite the religious leaders of the nation of that faith . 
  as far as i know , the prayers are unique , and created by each president for the breakfast . 
  i 'm looking back on this thread and all the joking about russia being our national security and russia running the country and just ... wow ... y' all called it . 
  well ... our national security adviser was working for the russians so ... 
  i guess it was fake news . 
  he 's good television i guess . 
  you know how we have separation of church and state ? 
  well , the religious people in this nation do n't really like that so we have a religious ceremony to help shut them up for a while . 
  do n't forget the national security adviser turned out to be serving the russians . 
  american first maga and all that . 
  dude europe is waaaayyy ahead of us in almost every measure of freedom . 
  you underestimate the team mentality of our politics . 
  and our gerrymandering ... and our electoral college . 
  there are so many systems in place to ensure the minority gets to rule the democracy over here . 
  well we just found a ( likely ) russian spy was our national security adviser so ... 
  please stand by : the united states is experiencing technical difficulties . 
  cause : russians in the system . 
  looks like we 're in the process of rooting them out , stand by . 
  huh , i guess the netherlands are second . 
  i 'm starting to feel like `` connected to russia '' is the new communist/witch . 
  breitbart is not main stream by any stretch of the imagination . 
  i mean ... does it matter ? 
  its not like any sentencing will happen cause russia can just say `` no '' and that 's that . 
  whelp , someone in my government just lost their job . 
  spain ai n't normal . 
  read up on the credibility of the nypost , and it is accused of conservative bias . 
  seeing the nature of the article , i 'm going to go ahead and say its safe to assume this is a legitimate story . 
  oh i hope he brought a yard stick and a power point in response to that one . 
  [ it takes more than troops to wage a war . 
  here 's everyone who was `` responsible '' for operation enduring freedom . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/participants_in_operation_enduring_freedom ), 
  fair criticism . 
  but in our defense : we got the alpha build of modern democracy . 
  and it is n't as easy to patch as the beta build france got , or the release build most run now . 
  the executive orders are n't as powerful as people here seem to think , they are only capable of doing things which help enforce other laws passed by congress , and we have thousands of federal judges , and any one of them can issue a stay on an executive order . 
  the main thing with executive orders is the shock and awe associated with how quickly it can be done . 
  war brings out the worst in everyone . 
  most eo 's are challenged by federal judges with enough time to do a bit of case law to see if the eo blocks . 
  they then issue a stay which is when it gets looked at closer . 
  kings could n't fuck up millions of people normally . 
  the electoral college . 
  too many times in my life ( half of my presidents in fact ) were elected without the consent of the governed . 
  both just so happened to be international embarrassments . 
  it was fear that lead to the formation of my country , it was fear which lead to the balkan league , it was fear which unified germany , it was fear which lead to the russian revolutions . 
  it was fear which lead to the rise of hitler . 
  fear causes great things , not necessarily good things , but great things . 
  states hold their own debts here . 
  just because you are federalized does n't mean individual states do n't have their own debt . 
  tried that , did n't work . 
  the issue is : the very root of the problem is unfix-able in modern america . 
  and whats wrong with exploding prisons huh !, 
   light hearted joke . 
  found your problem . 
  this is germany after all . 
  lets see , we got west coast , portland , san juan ( alternatively : silver states ) , texas , utah , western ranchers , western farmers , eastern farmers , colorado , almost canadian ( wisconsin and minnesota ) , rust belt , cajun , southern , appalachian , noreaster , new york , boston . 
  any other distinct cultures i missed ? 
  i love me some doc martin . 
  the problems associated with fixing the problem are more of a hassle than just leaving it . 
  its like ending ww2 in japan . 
  we did n't have to do an intense and prolonged bombing campaign ( including the drop of the bombs ) , but it was a helluva lot quicker than landing on the beaches , saved a lot of lives too . 
  american and japanese . 
   baseless insults , insane propaganda , blunt lies , blaiming { sic } of others for systematic problems uh oh ... 
  * stares at flag *, 
  i love all the trump stuff . 
  i 'm excited . 
  alright germany , you know what to do . 
  there is some awareness here as well . 
  though we are caught between a rock and a hard place . 
  do we trust the media with all the slurs of `` fake news '' and the iffy reliability of many news sources right now ? 
  do we ignore them ? 
  what do we make of trumps threats to cull the media ? 
  do we ignore those ? 
  do we take it all in and be paranoid of russians , our government , and our media ? 
  we do n't know .
