  so we are kinda paralyzed right now from what i 've seen . 
  nativism in the uk makes even less sense than nativism in the us . 
  i mean , i think they may just migrant from london to the city of . 
  iirc they have their own financial laws outside of the uk 's right ? 
  errr ... 
  here in the us we view y' all as white . 
  not western , but white . 
  i mean ... that relationship is n't really based on color but of commonwealth . 
  they were british , why not let them be british again ? 
  its a shared history and ideals . 
  plus they speak the same language , and have similar standards of living . 
  there is a lot more going on here than just race . 
  and that 's assuming that 'll even happen in the first place . 
  brits rolling up their sleeves and preparing to do what needs to be done , all under the leadership of churchill . 
  a `` right lads , there 's work to be done '' kind of thing . 
  however since the end of the cold war every single president has had a second term , and as people like bush jr show ( who had an approval rating of 50 percent when he was re-elected ) , approval rating does not have a lot to do with election results . 
  they were put there after the lease with germany expired . 
  errr ... 
  i 'm pretty sure a change in nato and eu policies in the us is europe related . 
  and the pendulum of politics sways across the line yet again . 
  it 'll be back , and stronger than before , just as it always has . 
  lobbying here in the united states means contacting your representatives . 
  hell , if you wanted to , you could be a lobbyist . 
  just call any us government official and ask for a moment of their time . 
  by `` taking on lobbyism '' , what he is implying is he will remove the accessibility of our representatives from everyone . 
  what you should be looking for as signs for fixing this problem is not a ban on lobbying , but a ban on private donations to elections campaigns . 
  it is very rare for any elected official to lose incumbency . 
  the money tends to flow to someone who has a prior record . 
  ignore that : it happens every year , each administration remakes the website pretty much from the bottom up . 
  check back in about 2 weeks to see what its replaced with then start panicking . 
  well , there is some clout to that . 
  if it was n't for the military bases we now have in poland , some of your local economies would n't be doing as well as they are . 
  to the point where even the extreme nativism is being preached by people outside the us ... about the us . 
  because the meiji was the `` westernization '' of japan , in government , ambition ... and most intimidatingly ... in armies . 
  then japan goes and kicks the ass of one of the major european powers and any hope of colonization disappears . 
  i try as its my job ( historian ) . 
  the idea of a `` nation-state '' is what constitutes a modern empire in my understanding . 
  so rome , which held very little care for what was `` roman '' would not be an empire . 
  but britain , which made damn well sure as much british was british as british could be in the jungle is an modern empire . 
  say you know you can not differentiate red and orange . 
  now say you see a map key with two different boxes but appear to be the same color . 
  one of those must be red , and the other must be orange . 
  you may know not which is which , but you know there must be two colors there ... because why would there be a separate box for it in the map key ? 
  you are technically correct !, 
  the best kind !, 
  guess the best way to beat a warmonger is to warmonger better . 
  not really . 
  they were allowed to trade there , the dutch did not own dejima . 
  which was not the case with the brits and hong kong , the portuguese and macau , as well as the french and the german parts whose names i forget . 
  huh ? 
  we were supposed to watch liberia ? 
  oops ... 
  japan op please nerf . 
  hmmm ... maybe it is better if we leave the warmongers to the germans and the russians . 
  oh god , do i need to dust off my holy roman empire map ? 
  i like pzkpfw . 
  y' all need to learn to spell y' all . 
  used to live there myself when we still had a base there . 
  they do . 
  you 're right . 
  it does n't . 
  but that 's what happens . 
  the irs charges you an expatriation tax , though i 'm not sure how they can enforce it . 
  expatriation tax . 
  literally `` you were an american . 
  pay up . '', 
  us is a dick to emigrants . 
  i know the united states requires renouncement of citizenship if you attempt to become a citizen of another nation be immigration ( so dual citizens exist by way of birth ) . 
  also : the us charges you a helluva lot of money to renounce your citizen ship . 
  also they tax you for it . 
  also they try to tax you again for being a former us citizen . 
  though i 'm not sure how that 's actually enforced ... 
  eh , they 've fought for less . 
  `` promised land but full of idiots '' . 
  you know , that 's fair . 
  kenya ring a bell ? 
  the educated populace , the academics specifically . 
  the people everyone asks for advice but no one listens too . 
  it actually is significantly different from how it was during the country 's `` noblest '' times . 
  because back then , the hor was n't capped . 
  and that makes a huge difference in terms of how the electors are divided . 
  furthermore : if a country 's leadership has to fear the majority , than perhaps there are other problems . 
  it does n't work when a president can be elected by a minority . 
  that is pure and simple . 
  i do n't care who won the election , so long as they you know ... won it and did n't have to rely on the fact that some voters are worth more than others . 
  also : the fact that half of the presidents in my life have been elected by a minority and they both just so happen to be international embarrassments does color my opinions very heavily . 
  errr ... you did riot . 
  and what outside country are we starting shit with because of the election ? 
  first off : mass protests take time to plan , i 'm doing my part , so are hundreds of others . 
  second off : there were mass protests in november , though they were ineffectual because they were n't organized . 
  third off : local and state elections are local and state level . 
  i 'm talking nationally . 
  i do n't care if wyoming wants to be republican . 
  i care that they are worth 4 times as much as california per person for a national election . 
  i care that vermont is also worth way too god damn much . 
  this is n't a partisan issue , but one party certainly benefits more from it . 
  ` member when the right accepted their defeats in 2008 and 2012 ? 
  cause i sure as hell do n't . 
  and thoughts like this are exactly why civilians should have no part in espionage . 
  was n't the people either .
