  the negotiation headlines will be amazing . 
  you do not entirely understand how sovereignty was used during the election . 
  which is what flashy is referring to . 
  is n't there ( article six ... ? ), 
  something europe can do to make britian 's remaining time unbearable . 
  us here : it fucking does n't . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  you know ... 
  i think europe may be better off without the uk . 
  christ , y' all came outta the woodwork did n't ya ? 
  from my experiences living in both europe and japan , the united states is very eccentric in their comedy . 
  to the point where foreigners sometimes have problems understanding that yes , they are jokes . 
  we make similarly `` venomous '' ( as my friend i met in frankfurt while i lived there put it ) jokes about canada , germany , and japan . 
  we here do n't view it as hostile ... but when it leaks to the outside world well ... its like someone 's first experience with japanese reality tv . 
  very confusing , and sometimes scary . 
  so wait , we are welcome to the big kids club , but we are n't allowed to have national banter ? 
  at the time of that , the vichy government was in power , which was at war with the allies , so i 'm not really sure you can call someone you are actively warring with an ally . 
  even if a war goal is to install your allied governments ( returning the bourbons to power during the revolution for another example ) . 
  and also : terrorism is typically meant to install terror into a civilian population . 
  sinking the french fleet as they lose their war against germany does n't really fall into that category . 
  of course , but every nation has some lose screws that get into really weird positions . 
  and french bashing is ( typically ) light-hearted , and an attempt to form bonds of camaraderie through jokes . 
  people who take that bashing literally are ( to most in the us ) taking things too seriously . 
  you 'd think , but our test scores from 2014 disagree . 
  i would n't trust nyt after 9/11 . 
  they kinda went off the deep end . 
  i think an apt comparison would be the sun in the uk ? 
  something so bad but so popular even though everyone knows its bad . 
  not only that , but its an opinion piece . 
  i do n't know ... 
  i think state sponsored terrorism against an ally would n't exactly be a good idea during war time either . 
  if you go up north it can be pretty cheap to live in . 
  if you head inland it also cheapens up . 
  here in my state ( colorado ) we are more trying to figure out why our minorities are n't performing as well as our whites in schools . 
  racial crime is unheard of in colorado at this time as well . 
  though we are one of the more diverse states , so that may help there . 
  we have enough land so it is n't crowding anything and ( despite what many may think ) enough jobs `` real '' americans do n't want that it is n't like they are taking any jobs . 
  we are really open to new cultures ( in some parts ) right now so that wo n't be a problem . 
  if they come here legally , there 'll be no issues . 
  do n't worry , cali is pretty good at being not white . 
  what ? 
  we ( people ) really did n't care . 
  we were more miffed about germany . 
  and we laughed at how petty `` freedom fries '' were . 
  liberty burgers during world war i were a different matter . 
   state sanctioned terror committed by one ally oh ... 
  hey now , i live near no where colorado , and i can damn well tell you that being in the middle of no where is some of the most fun you 'll have . 
  if i know my history well enough ; there was a time where people would be concerned when there was n't a high profile killing in the balkans . 
  last i checked , it still has n't set . 
  we were planning on using him after the assassinations . 
  maybe nato should federalize ? 
  europe currently exists in a rather odd middle ground between a federation , and an economic union . 
  the sooner europe decides which it wants to be , the quicker solutions can be drafted . 
  awwww ... ah well . 
  we 're better than iraq , so progress :p, 
  d'awww we 're all the way up at third ? 
  you do realize we 're very loud and talkative ... right ? 
  remember : capitalism is the worst economic system known to man ... expect all the others that have been tried . 
  china also ... kinda ... sorta . 
  their civil war started before japan 's invasion , stopped during , and resumed after . 
  all i wanted was friendly banter , is that too much to ask !, 
  huh ... how progressive of you iraq . 
  pleasantly unexpected . 
  its pretty easy when you set the bar so low . 
  countries that recognize abkhazia : nauru , nicaragua , russia , and venezuela . 
  countries that recognize dnr : none countries that recognize kosovo : over half the un . 
  no politics , just reality . 
  see : greater morocco , greater russia , greater albania , greater serbia , and greater china . 
  it demonstrates an idea . 
  and the notion of an idea even existing should be grounds for consideration . 
  especially with independence only being declared 8 years ago , and i do think kosovo may actually still be a war zone . 
  `` i 'm gon na take this thing that people are having fun with and turn it into politics '' . 
  sure that flag should n't be mine ? 
  i just did n't like your edit . 
  bit dry , even for a german . 
  oh no ... not again !, 
  there are german speaking americans in the us , does n't make us germany . 
  maybe not egalitarian , but it was stable . 
  i do not attend berkeley thank god . 
  and it is difficult to raise even a few thousand dollars in a year on most jobs . 
  the best way to work it is to push through as hard as you can so you can make career money as quickly as possible so you can begin to pay off the loans . 
  as long as you are in school , the loan payments do n't start as well , so by taking a year off you are setting yourself up for failure . 
  in state berkeley is now 35 thousand per year , with out of state being 60 thousand . 
  its insane . 
  but yes , there has to be some changes . 
  only thing i can do right now however , is find a way to make uni work and go from there . 
  what i did was mean , though i feel , not entirely uncalled for . 
  it could 've been worded with more grace . 
  and you are correct , i 'm not in a good point right now . 
  i 'm in uni with 40,000 dollars of debt in just two years that i must pay myself . 
  my family , who is helping me get the loans for this whole deal , just had to take a huge pay cut because of government something or other . 
  we may not be able to afford a third year . 
  the hospital bills for replacing my mother 's knees have come in at even more than my uni bills , and that is after our insurance . 
  i did not grow up in a communist state , no . 
  i grew up in something almost as terrible . 
  of course !, 
  it would be naive to think otherwise !, 
  but the sudden shock of colonialism put the arabs in a position where it is difficult for them to accept globalization . 
  especially since its champions were their overlords . 
  these divisions are fairly recent .
