  strange he would use poles as an example of the construction . 
  the original point stands though . 
  sometimes no policy works . 
  under normal circumstances , no policy does work , because you do n't have the sheer number of people coming as y' all have currently . 
  it is one of those fail safes for the fail safes for the fail safes that never gets talked about until it happens , gets up into effect for the next time , and work from there . 
  that is a cultural position , one we as the us have very little right to criticize , seeing as we are still trying to figure out what we want to do . 
  what people have to realize is ... its no body 's fault they did n't assimilate ( just talking assimilation here ) . 
  acculturation just happens when you get a large group of isolated individuals together who share language and culture . 
  happens all over the god damn world . 
  but there is things that can be done to prevent this from happening !, 
  spreading the people out as much as possible , and prevent your country from being over saturated is one thing . 
  there is only so much that can be done to force integration , some cultures are just easier to adapt too than others , there 's no point in trying to force your culture to be more `` assimilating '' . 
  at the end of the day , assimilation is n't even really a choice . 
  if you need too to survive you will , if you do n't you wo n't !, 
  not because to do n't want to , or do n't care , but because doing so forces you to abandon everything and start from scratch . 
  not only that , but you are also constantly being told that you may be sent back later . 
  so if you did assimilate , get sent back , you would then be a swede in syria . 
  and have to do it all over again !, 
  the entire concept of refugee is setting up people to resist assimilation as much as possible , because its safer in the long run . 
  so no , you ca n't blame the refugees for not giving up their identity , you ca n't blame the government for refugees not giving up their identity , but you do have to work with it . 
  whatever path that means is n't up to me , but be careful going extreme one end or extreme the other . 
  it is because the volume of people coming in , and how concentrated they are causes it so they do n't have to to survive . 
  if you have a nepali migrate to sweden , he pretty much has to learn swedish in order to survive , in order to socialize , ect . 
  if you have a group of 100 poles , well they might take a while longer to learn swedish , but eventually it 'll come . 
  but if you take enough people with the same thoughts and ideas and language , then instead they will form a small town of their culture . 
  and some people can go most of their stay without needed swedish . 
  also , it normally is n't a conscious decision . 
  people are naturally drawn to that which is familiar and ahmed is more familiar with adeen than he with sven . 
  i would like to throw in however , that acculturation ( the process you describe when groups of people do n't integrate ) usually happens by accident . 
  it is something familiar , and so humans naturally are drawn to it . 
  this causes small communities of high concentrations of a foreign people ( such as chinatown nyc ) . 
  how can you prevent this as a government ? 
  well your best bet is to put the people all over the nation , a small layer of dust , as opposed to a small pile . 
  usually , this causes assimilation . 
  but unfortunately this makes them harder to keep track of . 
  another thing is socially your people must be willing to accept others . 
  for a nation like sweden which is mostly homogeneous , and whose minorities also have similar ideas , a syrian is very scary , it is unknown , it is an other . 
  in a nation like the us , things are a bit easier as we are used to many different people , creeds , thoughts , and ideas ... not that they are all treated equally in all areas , but they are there . 
  they money they have might i throw in some opinion , should be savings from their stay in a host country . 
  you are n't there permanently , it may be decades before you go back , but you will go back . 
  even if you are 70 years old , retired , and have some fully swedish grandchildren , time to go back . 
  i would like to mention ... from a sociological standpoint ... personal experience is a hindrance . 
  it allows for bias . 
  plus , saying someone else 's opinions are better because they can provide anecdotal evidence would lead to some awkward circumstances . 
  for god 's sake , instead of personal attacks and shit throwing , care to actually explain to the rest of the group why ? 
  perhaps cite some evidence ? 
  bullshit , the 1951 refugee convention spells out that a refugee is someone who `` owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality , and is unable to , or owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country . '', 
  this brings into play acculturation vs assimilation . 
  it is important for nations to pick which they want , and have policies to enforce them . 
  yeah ... the us is a bit backwards . 
  a saying that is starting to take off , at least where i live , is `` most 3rd world 1st world ! '', 
  kinda depressing . 
  all you have to do is play denmark . 
  damn ... / r/russia is salty as fuck . 
  excuse me !, 
  i only have enough ak-47 's for a platoon . 
  no where near enough for the glorious russian army . 
  especially the english part . 
  there are too many to assimilate , the culture of these countries themselves are going to change , not the people coming to the country . 
  this is acculturation , and happens when large number of foreigners all settle in the same area . 
  they just do n't let go of their culture . 
  an example of this is chinatown in nyc . 
  edit : yes , chinatown is not detrimental to the united states , but i think y' all 're missing the forest , and instead focusing on a tree . 
  chinatown is an example of what acculturation is , and the muslims in europe are setting up to do something similar . 
  a `` turktown '' or a `` islatown '' . 
  guess they are n't all racist huh ? 
  well good thing we do n't call them all racists then ? 
  well then , guess we should n't call all muslims terrorists then huh ? 
  it is your job to integrate them , acculturation or assimilation are choices done by the immigrants themselves , consciously or not . 
  acculturation causes more problems than assimilation , but you get to keep your culture with acculturation . 
  acculturation also typically occurs when a large number of an `` outside '' culture lives close together in small spaces ( say chinatown ) . 
  it most certainly helps we have the land to put them . 
  rough couple of decades for y' all i 'm afraid . 
  before the flood of immigrants from latino nations came to the us , the us was much much more culturally closer to canada ( exception being the south ) . 
  recently however , even in northern colorado , the spanish-ization has grabbed hold all over the country . 
  make no mistake , they are not close to us in culture , there are just so many of them we ca n't force them to integrate . 
  you 're right , they would n't be arrested . 
  they 'd be shot immediately . 
  would you rather be afraid of the enemy , or laugh at them ? 
  if you must become your enemy or worse to beat them , should you really beat them ? 
  that shows a misunderstand of what a terrorist `` organization '' is . 
  they are more like ... a corporation i should think . 
  with different `` brands '' operation ultimately independently , but aligned with the goals of the corporation . 
  chances are , these people do n't work directly for isis , but their goals and objectives are closely enough aligned that isis may take ownership , or it was done in their name . 
  but aside from that minor point yes : there may be a wide variety of reasons , and it is important to look at them in a non-eurocentric view . 
  alright . 
  we have something to work with here . 
  lets work with the ch attacks first ... though i must apologize , i have class in 6 hours , and really must sleep , so this may have to be an extended conversation if you wish . 
  they attacked because of the publishings of cartoons of muhammed . 
  alright , what about them caused strife ? 
  why did this particular aspect cause strife and how does it relate to the groups ideology ? 
  if this ideology is extreme , what caused ( again , working with groups not people ) then to be able to `` rally the troops '' ? 
  the end result in this case i think , leads us to poverty . 
  lets look at paris : france 's intervention in syria and by extension , retribution against the west . 
  ( i 'm actually excited about this one ... for this kind of thinking is my passion ) why would they be angry as french intervention ? 
  i think because it is more outsiders getting involved in their business . 
  but why would outsiders getting involved cause such anger ? 
  well there 's the idea of lack of independence , the region was only made independent 55 years ago from the british , who are two things : western , and friendly with france . 
  so then we get to colonial angst . 
  well lets broaden that , western influence in the last century has not been good for the region .
