  alright so we got some history in there , but most of these fighters are younger , so what could directly cause their anger at the west ? 
  well , in the 1990 's , the `` strong arm of the west '' in the united states , went to war in the region , and caused a lot of problems for about 25 years . 
  and here i think , is the root of this groups anger ... 
  fear of another iraq . 
  solution ? 
  well i suggest we all leave , but there are issues with that from a western view which is why i do not expect it to happen . 
  but it is a solution . 
  in the case of the nazis , i believe that for the next few decades at least , it would be better for outsiders to look in and study them , rather than the germans , who as far as i understand , are still in a process akin to mourning and repentance . 
  in this case , i feel it is unwise to look at the person , and instead wish to look at the people . 
  a person can be messy , and illogical ... but groups of people tend to follow patterns , work with some logic ( even if it is n't our own ) , and are easier to understand , and work with . 
  the extremists need an enemy , it is something all extremists have needed . 
  what was once the us , grew to the west ... and unfortunately y' all are just closer . 
  where do the people go if they are a citizen of nowhere ? 
  statelessness is not a desirable situation for humans today , and there are reasons why the un passed regulations to reduce it . 
  that kind of dismissal is what leads to a lot of mistakes . 
  be careful . 
  no group of people do things that are unexplainable . 
  i have yet to see such a situation arise , and there are logical ( to them , remember it only has to make sense to them . 
  the trick is to find their path of logic , and understand it ) reasons behind their attacks , motives , and beliefs . 
  find it , and you can begin dismantling it . 
  never heard of arkansas being that one weirdy ... texas sure , but not arkansas . 
  brits on the other hand ... 
  we funded europe so they can carry on their legacy of conquering and empire !, 
  you have since betrayed us . 
  lost your empires , ceased worldly ambitions , and now ... this ... this ... 
  mercy !? 
  you 're dead to us . 
  yeah ... but wife carrying is a real sport , and the prize is free beer !, 
  who can argue with that ? 
  but what if i use `` du '' ? 
  that means you have to be friends with me right ? 
  we should be loud together !, 
  do n't forget to smile and say `` hi '' to everyone you cross !, 
  wait i thought those were the swiss ? 
  wait that 's a competition ? 
  all a matter of perspective , i do n't find squirrels all that exotic , but had a south african teacher who would go to parks just to go squirrel watching . 
  be careful now . 
  the us is weird . 
  where i live , a 14 year old can bone an 18 year old with no remorse . 
  15 and 16 can go up to 25 and 26 , and a 17 year old can bone anyone they damn well please ( if they are over 14 ) . 
  i took it more to mean the european union is a unity of separate pieces . 
  some countries follow all policies , some follow some , some countries that are n't eu follow eu policies and have eu benefits , and because of it all , it causes division in europe . 
  according to purdue ? 
  it is , you ca n't make a paraphrase out of your ass , its a condensed quote . 
  so let me get this straight ... if i use scotland to show how a nation at war does n't effect all people in that war i 'm a trump supporter , if i use brazil to illustrate the same point i 'm senile . 
  you tell me then , what point do you think i 'm trying to make that disqualifies both examples ? 
  cause i 've stated this explicitly twice now , and here is my point yet again : `` just because your nation is at war does n't mean you are effected by it '' . 
  seems to me you think the entire nation of syria and iraq is a battlefield , this is the thinking i 'm trying to disprove by using historical examples of places that were n't a battlefield even though they actively participated in the largest conflict in world history . 
  this is where i made it easy for you ... first goddamn paragraph they quote merkel ( paraphrase is a type of quote ) . 
  or apa ? 
  well in this case mla would be the only prudent one : spiegel reported , `` we can do it . 
  that 's the message chancellor angela merkel has been giving her country ever since she pledged in late august to provide refuge to anyone coming from syria in addition to others seeking protection from violence and warfare . '', 
  the opening statement spiegel had paraphrased ( which as you all know is a type of quotation ) a statement made by merkel in august to provide context to the article that follows . 
  works cited : staff , spiegel . 
  `` mother angela : merkel 's refugee policy divides europe . '', 
  * spiegel online international . 
  web . 
  1 mar. 
  2016 only flaw in this is i do not know how to do a hanging indent . 
  furthermore , she is quoted ... in the first god damn sentence of the article . 
  and yes , apa or mla does matter , as each has their own form of both citation , and quotation . 
  my question is ... what the fuck about this made you think i was a trump supporter ? 
  i 'm sorry i tried to relate a conversation about the middle east to europe in a european sub , i must be culturally illiterate if i dare to think it would help explain a position better to relate it to something the audience i 'm trying to converse with has a deeper connection to . 
  here let my try this : brazil participated in wwii but it was never attack in any way , so just because your nation is at war does n't mean you are effected by it . 
  better ? 
  oh and another thing : only the cities of clydebank , glasgow , greenock , edinburgh , aberdeen and dundee were attacked ( [ source ] ( http://www.educationscotland.gov.uk/scotlandshistory/20thand21stcenturies/worldwarii/index.asp ) ) making my original point of iverness being pretty peaceful valid . 
  and in case my relating it to brazil also some-fucking-way makes me a trump supporter ( seriously ? 
  how the fuck did you deduce that ? 
  `` he has a different opinion ? 
  must be a racists asshole '' ? ), 
  then i guess you are more racists than i apparently seem to be , as the only other reason i can find for you thinking i 'm a trump supporter is because of the flag i fly next to my name . 
  your flag is a blue field with a circle of asterisks , there will always be exceptions . 
  got ta piss off russia somehow . 
  [ here 's your source . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/refugee-policy-of-chancellor-merkel-divides-europe-a-1053603.html ) interestingly : [ here she is being blasted for not accepting all migrants ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3163899/angela-merkel-condemned-heartless-bringing-palestinian-child-tears-tv-girl-asks-deported-german-leader-says-t-come.html ), 
  want to know how many battles were fought in iverness ( scotland ) during wwii ? 
  zero . 
  pretty peaceful place during the deadliest war in human history . 
  just because your nation is at war does n't mean you are effected by it . 
  all the more reason to emigrate it seems . 
  huh , that actually is really odd . 
  normally that kind of shit happens with ups and fedex , not normally the usps . 
  tough luck make , but what ? 
  20 minute drive and you get to pickup your package ? 
  we do n't have news here , we have entertainment . 
  let me tell you , that screw up ? 
  pretty entertaining . 
  ... but if i go through official channels i wo n't get targeted by nice men in black suits right ? 
  just looking at a map and using my ( limited ) knowledge of how the migrants are migrating , i 'm going to say it would make more sense for the fence to be built near slovenia , slovakia is just a bit too far north . 
  i need to find this show ... netflix plz ? 
  i feel like this is a `` han shot first '' situation , and let me tell you , serbia most definitely shot first . 
  talk about foreign investment . 
  you do n't think y' all got your economies back in shape after wwii by yourselves did you ? 
  there is a reason i switched from acting to teaching history . 
  teaching gets you out of the country a bit better . 
  yeah , cause the us built europe with bombs . 
  if you see the comment i replied to , he mentioned this exact same thing . 
  the point of the comment was to show that neither side is in the right . 
  [ i 'm at the point where it was difficult to justify cruz ] ( http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_republican_presidential_nomination-3823.html ), 
  but what germany is trying to do is apply german standards to the rest of the world .
