  alright fine . 
  lets negotiate . 
  you start being a fuckwad ? 
  we 'll take our tanks and go home , where apparently you want us to stay . 
  if no bernie , than trump ... simply because i want to fix the country ... or watch burn . 
  its not particularly stupid , the east tends to stay longer than 90 days , and its expensive to find and deport people . 
  unfortunately , it does n't really matter what you think people would do , we have numbers that show you do over stay your welcome . 
  it actually tends to be citizens who have not had family in the military or has done international business . 
  these two groups of people almost always make sure they 're family has updated passports . 
  almost independent of economic income . 
  do n't engage the right ... they are a bit fanatical . 
  of course , so is the left . 
  pretty much if someone is insulting the other side , stay away from them , they may have rabies . 
  colorado . 
  colorado has second winter in late march-all of april . 
  celsius , the only reasonable system . 
  [ woosh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzxvy2vsgtw ), 
  yeah , its all german . 
  `` of many : one '' . 
  the idea is that from many different people , many states , comes one nation . 
  its quite a powerful motto when people bother to think about what that means . 
  of course , the second you suggest we live up to that motto and help each other out one half of the country goes rabid ... oddly enough , the same parts of the country which would benefit the most too . 
  what have the romans ever given us !, 
  [ this has some data and charts so you can see where the money is going . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/11360819/average-cost-of-raising-a-child-in-uk-230000.html ), 
  current models predict ( with the assistance of gmos , the next green revolution , turning much of the sahel into arable land ) , there would be enough food to feed people like a first world nation up to 14 billion people . 
  food will not be a problem , and as desalination technology continues to become cheaper and easier , water may only be a short term issue . 
  once these places get food and water they begin to form cities which can produce luxury goods and educate people . 
  i 'm not saying there 'll be no challenges to reaching the `` 1st world planet '' future , but as of right now i 'm not panicking . 
  it was 3-5 percent , 2008 changed the game . 
  i 'm not sure what kids you know , but most do n't go to uni prior to age 17 . 
  emotions play a large part in what gets automated and what does not . 
  anything directly dealing with children will probably be last to be automated due to paranoia associated with raising children . 
  social studies teacher myself . 
  never seen a 5 stage dt , though my focus is history so that may have something to do with it . 
  there 's this theory in economics called `` natural rate of unemployment '' , which is to say the unemployment rate that should be considered `` zero '' . 
  it varies by country , but after 2008 the western world has a nru of 6-8 percent . 
  if your unemployment number goes outside that range , there is some sort of problem . 
   we can not account for the longer term impact . 
   most individuals [ nowadays ] do not consider old-age provision as a motive for having children . 
  that paper actually disproves your theory . 
  and that inverse relationship is caused by demographic theory , the original point i was making . 
  huh , never seen dt described with 5 stages . 
  normally stage 3 is not mentioned . 
  in the us , cost of raising a child to 17 is about 233 thousand dollars . 
  then you potentially have university costs to include . 
  for the uk , 230 thousand pounds . 
  there are still many many jobs which need people in them . 
  untrained or trained for now they still need people , and if your country ca n't produce people to be trained then ... someone 's got to do it . 
  and i think you 'll find reports of automation at the current time to be slightly exaggerated . 
  many parts of japan however are uninhabited , the same can not be said for many european countries . 
  under current theories of population growth related to society , there will need to be significant subsidies to encourage birth as birth rates are expected to near closer and closer to zero as a country gets richer and more educated . 
  that being said however , a decline in population wrecks havoc on an economy so perhaps that will adjust things . 
  japan is importing labor , but you will never be a citizen of japan , you 'll always be a migrant , maybe with a permanent stay visa , but never a citizen . 
  i do : in the modern world where you have nice things like college and schools and such , children are an economic drain on their parents , it costs money to raise them . 
  that paired with a higher education of women typically leads to lower fertility rates ( if a women is educated , they have more options other than just having babies and they learn about stuff like stds and condoms and all that ) . 
  meanwhile , in places like africa , south asia , or many parts of the middle east ( typically the really poor ones ) where you do n't have access to college you are ( typically ) a farmer , or laborer of some kind . 
  in those instances , having children is an economic asset ( able to work more land , grow more food , do more jobs ) as you do n't need to spend money educating the children , once they reach 5 or 6 its time for them to start learning how to make money , not maths . 
  however : you also in those countries need to fight a high infant mortality rate , so you have more babies than you actually need to make more money to account for that . 
  so , after all that , what 's the end result ? 
  in places which are poor , and are remaining poor ( areas with large civil wars , no governments ) , you have high birth rates , and high infant mortality rates ( and others ) to keep population growth if not stable , then growing at a regular pace . 
  but if you have a place that was recently poor , and is being much less poor ( india and china , as well as many parts of africa ) what happens is : you have uneducated women having enough babies to cope with a high infant mortality rate ... but without there being a really high infant mortality rate . 
  so those places experience a huge population boom . 
  then things level out as people are rich , educated , and not compensating for infant mortality rates . 
  those are the places which have the 2.1 growth rate . 
  but what about places which continue to get richer , more educated , and do n't need to compensate for infant mortality rate ? 
  you get places like japan , where they are needing to import people to take care of their old as the newer generations are not making enough babies !, 
  this was a description of a `` 4 phase '' theory of society . 
  high birthrate , high mortality , low education 2 . 
  high birthrate , low mortality , some education 3 . 
  low birthrate , low mortality , moderate education 4 . 
  lower birthrate , low mortality , high education, 
  pensions has very little to do with it . 
  its more closely tied to standards of living . 
  i teach in a state where i can beat children ( colorado ) !, 
  it requires a few hundreds of pages of paperwork before , a notification to the principal , to the school board , and to the parents prior to administering !, 
  it needs to be supervised when given , and there is an after report of another few hundred pages !, 
  so , when it says `` allowed '' it really comes with a few dozen asterisks , like an eu treaty . 
  look at who quickly the french flag retreated north . 
  well , two things : 1 there 's context . 
  last a checked germans are n't exactly a most people either are they ? 
  nor did i say anything about americans , just said we were n't talking about germans . 
  err , uh , i 'm not sure if you 've seen my flag but uh ... 
  i was n't talking about germany ... here ... just their aircraft . 
  i mean , there 's gary . 
  guess that 's why we call y' all the `` flying dutchman '' :p, 
  they made a few of those too , that is correct !, 
  not a whole lot of people remember things like the ju-52 . 
  yes , that 's the ju-87 the b variant had a jericho horn . 
  the ju in ju-87 ( the attack aircraft you are most likely referring to ) refers to the manufacturer : junker . 
  they also made some medium bombers ( ju-88 ) and tried ( usually failed ) to make a few fighters . 
  mmp for best mps !, 
  wait ... you are n't alpine croats ? 
  they do n't just have rules in / r/polandball , they have a manual . 
  and nazi ( kiddin ) mods who have it memorized . 
  there still could 've been a great monarchy if only you were willing to join prussia !, 
  you brought this fall onto yourself . 
  i 'm pretty sure it has more to do with iceland being a danish colony at the time of world war 2 . 
  * banned *, 
  but ... but you did start .
