  both our left and right can agree with you there , though for very different reasons . 
  easy way around . 
  `` why not both ? '', 
  i was perusing this thread when i noticed your username . 
  puzzled , i embarked on a quest to see just why some italian was asking me ot google holy lasagna . 
  i did , and it was the most glorious of things i ever did see . 
  i wished to inform you of this awesomeness , but lo !, 
  i clicked reply to the comment directly below yours !, 
  it was thus , a confused austrian came to the rescue of the incompetent american with research !, 
  armed with the knowledge that i made a very simple , and very obvious error , i concluded i was in fact : crazy . 
  oh thank god , i 'm crazy . 
  his username was holy lasagna ... 
  i swear ... 
  [ this is not hyperbole ] ( http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2014/nov/11/facebook-posts/congress-has-11-approval-ratings-96-incumbent-re-e/ ) okay off by a little , but read down below and you 'll find its not just a meme , but a fact checking source . 
  googled holy lasagna and i just ... 
  thank you . 
  and here , its why our congress has a 98 percent incumbency with a 9 percent approval . 
  no one thinks their guy is the problem . 
  because unlike hitler , for the un to do anything , they need russia 's approval . 
  i mean , same could be said about the uk . 
  our left may be your right , but our right makes the iranians seem liberal . 
  51.8 percent do n't read past the headline iirc . 
  i get 8mb for the same price , with a data cap . 
  that one was a joke . 
  yes ... though not for too much longer i hope . 
  dude needs a new choreographer . 
  also better lip syncing . 
  and perhaps a better lyricist . 
  but keep the composer . 
  that dude is on point . 
  and then carrots . 
  at least according to us myths ( or wait ... that 's not true is it !? ), 
  let me tell you about san marino . 
  see ? 
  we treat you better than the rest of europe ... want to be a territory ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it has something to do with how the people of turkey are turks . 
  other options were : turkland , turkestan , or turka arabia . 
  the only reasonable sounding one is turkestan which is a region north of tibet ... apparently . 
  was then rebuilt and used for a viking funeral for our hopes and aspirations on the world stage . 
  sorry , everything 's so small over in europe . 
  we get confused . 
  unless you 're russia . 
  new zealand is actually very well connected to the internet . 
  we ran a unanimous government type for a while , called it the articles of confederation . 
  turns out : it 's fucking stupid !, 
  we ditched it after 8 years . 
  perhaps this is the one thing europe should follow the us in ? 
  not really our choice . 
  well you see : the other option is trump . 
  new zealand recently relaxed their immigration laws a bit , reduced the point needed on the expression of interest before automatic approval to apply for right of residence . 
  2nd most powerful is nothing to scoff at . 
  we tried that for a while , the whole `` the united states are '' as opposed to `` the united states is '' . 
  divisions like that lead to a civil war . 
  if you want to federalize , get it in your head that `` europe is '' not `` europe 's nations are '' . 
  a federalized government will be the most powerful nation on the planet at the current time by the way . 
  we like stuff , we 'll pick up that 5.5 percent for you !, 
  please ... ? 
  there 's some european stuff that i would like here that we do n't have ... 
  yeaaahhh ... but my other grandfather invaded paris . 
  do n't use that kind of british speak with me !, 
  products / = / hearing about them . 
  you can by mcdonalds and never ever hear anything regarding america . 
  and i do n't hear about japanese government issues while purchasing my toyota . 
  err ... context is less than stellar . 
  as provided by / u/niikopol '' ... invaded by sweden who , according to tales , raped left and right and left a lot of offspring there . 
  hence , swedes . '', 
  hell , the fact that overall i have positive karma here shows everyone is welcome . 
  i 'm an ass and an american . 
  does n't fulfill number 1 . 
  i mean , it was n't the politicians who voted for brexit . 
  if anything , they urged as best as they damn well could against it . 
  the fact that you are also feeling as russians must feel here should also say something about how russians are treated , they do n't like it anymore than a brit does . 
  if at first you do n't secede , try try again . 
  the `` tex '' stands for texas . 
  you got ta take them with you to get tex mex . 
  i mean feel free but still . 
  use people from norway , they are used to never seeing the sun anyway . 
  ... but ... but we had something special . 
  you were our hat !, 
  and we were your pants !, 
  with us you had a big dick !, 
  ; baby come back . 
  you can blame it all , ooooonnnn trump . 
  and people say germans are n't funny . 
  we do n't need europe !, 
  we can form our own union !, 
  with blackjack , and canada !, 
  what a strange place europe is . 
  i could n't imagine primary languages differing over the size of new jersey . 
  i 'm not worried about it . 
  europe and the us naturally have different ways of interacting . 
  europe as a whole does not like being told they are n't doing enough , especially in regards to nato . 
  which is fair enough , they do send a few people , and they sometimes bring a fair amount of ordinance , people die . 
  by saying they are not doing enough can easily be seen as very insulting . 
  though the inverse is : for every soldier europe keeps at home , another american must fill the gap . 
  so saying europe is doing enough or ( heaven forbid ) more than enough can be equally as insulting . 
  another thing that causes a bit of clashing is europe feels like they have enough `` foreign '' problems at home when dealing with others in the eu . 
  meanwhile , for almost all intents and purposes the us views europe as one entity . 
  to many in the us , europe has already federalized , which causes miscommunication as the us views europe worrying about european problems only as europe shirking its international duties in favor of more domestic problems and by doing that they are forcing the us to be more involved in international duties at the detriment to us domestic problems . 
  50 , and yes .
