today was 28 , and three days ago it was -3 . 
  which is strange seeing as i 've never used this browser before . 
  i think we went for a few and nothing really happened . 
  maybe this whole government thing is a rip off ? 
  netherlands gets the north , france the west , and luxembourg the east , any questions ? 
  eeeehhhhhh !? 
  europe has poor students ... ? 
  yeah , cause that 'll keep the brits in . 
  i 'm starting to think the eu does n't like the eu very much . 
  gmo 's make it so we can support the ( projected ) 14 billion people the planet will have , something a simple redistribution of food will fail to do . 
  moreover , how the hell are gmos irresponsible !? 
  we 've been doing it for thousands of years . 
  and things have only gotten better in terms of food production and consistency . 
  a few things : 1 . ), 
  we still need to produce more if we stop using meat at all . 
  if we work with gmos we wo n't have to stop meat production . 
  if your thinking is , `` instead of improving what we can , we should instead just stop doing something else '' when that cut is n't even necessary , then i suppose we ought to get rid of light bulbs , cars , and home electricity after all ... those produce carbon , and instead of making better energy sources , might as well just get rid of stuff right ? 
  instead of cutting things we do n't need to cut , why not work on improving what we can instead ? 
  i 'm not sure you understand what the future holds in terms of crop needs , but without substantially increasing crop production , and making new strains able to grow in africa and asia we are looking at a world wide food shortage [ in less than 40 years ] ( https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2014/04/140417124704.htm ) , we ai n't got time to wait 30 years for a new strain , and we need places like europe and north america to be willing to use and develop this technology as quickly as possible since places like africa and southeast asia are going to have a population boom as their countries reach industrialization and their population stabilizes . 
  we were at a similar junction right before mechanical farming , we were at a similar junction right before phosphorous fertilizer , and here we are again . 
  only difference is , now an entire continent who has just as much responsibility as north america for agricultural innovation is dragging their feet and trying to decry something hundreds [ hundreds ] ( http://gmopundit.blogspot.com/p/450-published-safety-assessments.html ) of independent organizations and research institutes have guaranteed is a safe process for no clear reason other than a similar phobia as to anti-vaxers here in the us !, 
  it is provably going to kill people of starvation to not do this . 
  but it is an increase , 2 percent yield increase is 2 percent less land that needs to be used to cultivate food . 
  not to mention it also has the potential to make areas formally infertile work good enough to produce food , so it could also increase arable land . 
  ... literally every single crop humans have ever cultivated is gmo , only difference is , now we can do it in 30 hours , not 30 years . 
  trusting capitalism and trusting the technology are thankfully two different things . 
  from what i hear of euro policy regarding gmos however , it seems people think the tech is bad . 
  which is why ... if you look ... 
  i specified gmo crops , a very specific use of gm . 
  does n't seem to be causing us too many problems , but you are correct , there are some practices that could be better . 
  i was expected you to be one of the `` anti-gmo just because '' people . 
  fortunately , ( but unfortunate for my reputation it seems ) i was incorrect . 
  i did n't say only , i made a specific point about a specific part to his claim of safe food . 
  yeah ... because gmos cause autism !, 
  i definitely do n't need to do any research [ that is the top link on a google search ] ( http://gmopundit.blogspot.com/p/450-published-safety-assessments.html ) to make any sort of opinion !, 
  especially when that source then links to other sources , and then cites original research done by over 450 institutions !, 
  i am proud to know without a shadow a doubt , the gmos cause autism !, 
  he plans on coming here to run for office . 
  the issue with labeling a controversial technology is even when it has not been shown to be harmful in the future , the negative connotation of gmo will persist for an entire generation , which can slow development and movement toward better economic , environmental , and social situations ( all of which are directly effected by gmo crops in a positive way ) . 
  only defense i can say : your gmo policies are a bit unusual and are hurting the advancement of potentially life saving technology . 
  everything else : indefensible , but not necessarily bad . 
  just my country using its influence to better its own position , nothing new from anyone . 
  mainly because 1 . 
  russia has no ability to pressure cali nor the east coast 2 . 
  they do not have operational bases yet ( in fact , placing them there is a violation of our monroe doctrine ) . 
  so if either of these conditions exist , we will buzz the fuck out of them . 
  we 'd probably buzz the fuck out of their control towers in cuba if it comes to it . 
  i mean , our exercises are performed in easy striking ( like 5 minutes to oa easy ) distance specifically to be deterrence , its showboating . 
  russia is doing their own show boating but instead of showing off all their shiny things , they are showing how skilled their pilots are . 
  that would require what is called `` big government '' , something half our country is staunchly opposed to . 
  of course , those same people seem to be putting up alfalfa head as their candidate . 
  you know ... from what i know of our own air force ... this kind of behavior from russia does n't really surprise me . 
  feel like it was just a gentle rib in the same way the marines reminds the navy they are nothing but a taxi service . 
  they are hanging it by the wrong side ... 
  awwwwwwkward ... 
  its because since then , they have done nothing but antagonized their neighbors who did not make a new type of deal with israel . 
  you see , with egypt , israel gave back all the land taken in exchange for peace . 
  now however , israel is refusing to give up most of the conquered lands back to their original owners . 
  they continue to wave their military might and current ties to the us like a north korean nuke . 
  france too !, 
  they deserve to be hated , they are more war-mongering than the us was during the 1800 's . 
  i would say france would actually take the mantle of isreal , as they did during isreal 's conception . 
  there are n't any laws against another austro-hungary is there ? 
  i did like their flag ... 
  christ , the turk government are getting more pushy than putin . 
  that being said , just because you can jump off a bridge does n't mean you should . 
  the order was struck down by congress . 
  eo 's can only really force congress to do something . 
  when you look at the uk , you see tens of parties representing large diversity of opinions . 
  we do still have that in the us , it is just forced awkwardly into two parties to ensure that the other side is n't too united . 
  he feels obligated because ( happy thought ) we 're friends or , ( one i subscribe to ) it is advantageous to us for y' all to keep together . 
  what can he say about inequality ? 
  as much as anyone else in the states really . 
  just because someone has wealth should n't discredit their ideas and opinions . 
  as to failure to find comfort in your nationality ? 
  we can do nothing about that , and we do not expect you to find the us as a shining beacon of hope . 
  china started it when they started building trade blocks in asia . 
  so we built trade blocks in the pacific , and are building one in europe . 
  at least your empire was mentioned ... 
  little bit of a misconception here : the f-22 is an air superiority fighter specializing in blos combat . 
  the f-16 is more in use for expected closer air combat roles and as a strike fighter . 
  the a-10 is a close air support fighter . 
  the f-35 was originally going to be a modular aircraft where parts of the aircraft could quickly be removed and placed with other parts . 
  it was desired for one variant of the f-35 to be able to have a carrier based , land based , recon , and interceptor configurations . 
  thankfully this was scrapped by lockheed fairly quickly . 
  the f-35 's primary mission was then stated as a strike fighter , meant to be able to deal with enemy ground attackers and to do some ground attack itself . 
  it was not meant to replace the a-10 as the weapons on the f-35 are not as useful in danger close situations as the brrt gun . 
  it was meant to replace the f-16 , and it was also meant to fly sorties around a 1:1 ratio of f-22 ( for cover ) and f-35 . 
  however , due to lack of total war vs trained pilots , an air superiority fighter was no longer needed and so that helped lead to the discontinuation of new f-22s . 
  this leaves the f-35 being required to be a strike fighter , and a good enough air superiority fighter , and it is . 
  this leads me to my conclusion : if i were to fight in line of sight , i would want to be in an eagle . 
  if i were to fight blos i would want to be in a raptor , and if i were to fight so far blos that i can barely fire my weapons , i 'd want to be in the 35 , this is because the electronics in the f-35 is greater than that of any aircraft before it . 
  it also has slightly better stealth ... though the russians quickly cracked that . 
   denmark should try to win similar concessions [ as the uk ] from the eu oh boy ... this is not going to go particularly well is it ? 
  northern cyprus might be cyprus again !, 
  it was n't until recently that they were even able to have a military force operate outside of the mainland . 
  now they can but it was super unpopular with the japanese . 
  of course they are done concurrently , but if we are negotiating with the uk and something requires the president and a large stack of papers lands on his desk from india at the same time , i think india will get priority . 
  i would n't care at all . 
  and if obama has as much influence as you think he does than it is even more important for him to speak his mind , because otherwise people on the fence wo n't do anything for fear of approval/disapproval of obama and the us .
