  i 'd be up for it . 
  most of our transport of goods is actually truck , on account of most of it going less than 250 miles . 
  roads are all well and good until you realize its 8 hours from one side of colorado to the other . 
  we put a helluva lot of money into fixing iraq . 
  it just did n't work . 
  as for afghanistan , we did n't bomb the hell out of its economic centers . 
  just the bloody mountains . 
  to be fair , especially since the 90 's , it was a huge question over here as to who lead the arab world , and there were four nations mentioned . 
  the us , russia , saudi arabia , and iran . 
  those last two were also talked about as being puppets of some form . 
  this was n't as obvious a question as you may want to think it is . 
  modern war made this a rule in 1945 . 
  we found out after 1918 that leaving a nation to rot will only breed resentment , so we ( the west side that is ) pumped as much money as we could into germany and japan . 
  this caused germany to be set to be a world leader , and lead to japan 's post war economic miracle . 
  now instead of two enemies , we have two powerful and rich allies . 
  there is a reason it took us so long to leave iraq . 
  we did the best we could with the budget we had . 
  it was a mistake , no one here is denying that . 
  we messed up , and we did our best that our people would allow us to try and make up for it . 
  i sometimes why y' all ever bothered with a language anyway . 
  this map overlooks perhaps the most important nation in europe !, 
  how many metal bands does the vatican have per mil ? 
  like i said , our hands are tied . 
  we are working with bettering relations with iraq and uae , we are also in the process of pursuing nations inside europe for better cooperation with military r&d . we do n't like you anymore , but we ca n't get rid of you yet . 
  fine , you get honorary florida 2nd class . 
  `` for duty and bravery in ensuring each nation has a part to be ashamed of . '', 
  last time you checked must 've been 2011 . 
  it is more a relationship of force , we ca n't get rid of you , so we are stuck with you . 
  our hands are tied , and many just want to cut the damn chains . 
  and are so warmongering many of the conservatives here are starting to become worried . 
  we do n't have to , germany will point us in the right direction . 
  yep , turns out state democratic party offices have been doing some dirty dealings to ensure voting for bernie supporters is as hard as possible . 
  some vote rigging as well . 
  our democracy is only slightly healthier than those in sub-saharan africa , and this frightens me . 
  yeah did n't you hear ? 
  frankfurt galaxy won superbowl 50 . 
  ummm ... mate our economy is worth 188 trillion per year . 
  i just did some quick googling because i wanted to make this joke myself , last i checked , out debt was bad , but not that bad . 
  edit : upon even further research , the article is mentioning gdp as the value of the economy ... which it is not . 
  the us debt is over the gdp , but it is not over the value of the economy . 
  god damnit man , this is why europeans hate us !, 
  ummm , correct me if i 'm wrong but , is n't germany ranked number 1 in football ? 
  they kinda have a fancy cup to prove it . 
  while reading i thought the poor lad got trump and hillary confused ... but i would like to remind everyone ... bernie is still running !, 
  been that way since the 90 's really . 
  hey you already had your turn . 
  got ta find allies somewhere , support their independence and maybe they 'll do you favors as well . 
  * shhhhhhh only germans can have regionalism here . 
  the uk also gets to pretend they are different sometimes . 
  do you have a marshall plan option ? 
  tell me about it . 
  do n't worry , i 'm pretty sure caraotero is german . 
  live and let live i suppose . 
  we should build a wall !, 
  i do ... 
  i even live in the middle of the country ... 
  you do n't even know . 
  recently , a lot of americans i 've interacted with have taken nationalism beyond nationalism , this is mostly ( again , in my experience with the rich in parker colorado , and many people in georgia ) jingoism starting to creep its way into the american psyche . 
  this leads to reactions beyond just racism , but closer to the mentality whites had of slaves by in the 1800 's . 
  its pretty scary . 
  i was more referring to pre wwii honestly . 
  y' all got absorbed by the russian empire , and before that , i believe it was pre-commonwealth times when y' all were conquered by ... 
  i want to say the germans , though my memory of pre-1444 is a little iffy . 
  and boy was i. 
  ... something something mericans are dumb ... ? 
  ( yeah , that 'll cover my ass . ), 
  i do n't know , y' all were pretty funny when i lived in frankfurt . 
  i was referring to both marx and xidada . 
  using both my knowledge of marx and the stereotypical us stereotype of russia . 
  ^ ^ that 's ^ ^ the ^ ^ joke ... 
  mr kettle ? 
  mr pot called , he says you 're black . 
  at least when he vetos we can say he played his trump card . 
  something something poles still cars joke . 
  you know ... the commie is making some sense . 
  at last someone noticed the joke . 
  you got ta remember , things change and these visa laws are n't new . 
  the latest road map for nations to be added was in 2005 , and romania was actually listed . 
  so why ca n't we push through changes to the vwp ? 
  well ... have you seen our politics recently ? 
  we are in the middle of a very very tense civil rights movement , to the point where some cities have had riots . 
  we got ta work on stabilizing this first before we work on the almost inconsequential issue of vwp . 
  i 'm just sorry / u/avar had to fight this fight for me , as i was away . 
  also , avar ? 
  you noted the wikipedia list showing on the 20 countries : [ here is all of them as of 2015 ] ( https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/fy%2015%20dhs%20entry%20and%20exit%20overstay%20report.pdf ) . 
  you want tables 1 and 2 . 
  post note : the original reason for their exclusion to vwp was in fact their overstay rate . 
  they rate of visa 's granted has almost no effect on eligibility for vwp . 
  since when the hell did i mention the us specifically ? 
  we have n't done jack shit for poland and co. 
  translates to roughly ( mental maths ) 4 cm above 184 . 
  juuuussst gon na say ... most nations do n't get conquered to oblivion and have to be refounded by other powers three times in their history . 
  and thus ends the first finnish-dutch war . 
  [ here is the current number ] ( https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/fy%2015%20dhs%20entry%20and%20exit%20overstay%20report.pdf ) . 
  but remember , these numbers are post visa requirement and so may not reflect the numbers of the time the us made the choice to require visas from some parts of europe . 
  its not really an immigrant problem ( that is what the syria restriction is for ) , it is the immigration department noticed a concerning large number of romanians just did n't go back on time . 
  its hard and expensive to find people who do n't have visas to get them back home . 
  we in the us consider yugoslavia to be eastern europe . 
  if you are east of germany , austria , and italy ( with the exception of scandinavia ) you were the east . 
  that one is to appease the right .
