  alright then : here is a well educated response . 
  the baltic states have are not entirely stable thanks to their proximity to russia , the large influence russia has , and the comparatively weak central governments compared to those of north america ( this being the particular interpretation that puts mexico in latin america ) . 
  looking at your own map , you will find that in even in many former soviet bloc nations , their homicide rate is lower than the united states . 
  homicide rates on par with kosovo , a nation that up until recently was fighting a civil war . 
  our homicide rate is also above that of turkey , commonly viewed in my particular part of the us ( northern colorado ) to be a more violent place . 
  so excuse me if i am not cheering my way to freedom with eagles soaring in the background as an f-35 flies overhead . 
  the nations with the most strict gun laws that i am aware of : japan , singapore , and switzerland are all significantly below the homicide rate of the united states . 
  our guns do cause violence . 
  it would be stupid to believe only one thing causes violence . 
  in the german case , it would be the massive influx of outsiders who do not wish to even attempt to fit in , instead expect germany and germans to fit in with them . 
  which is pretty much the exact opposite of german culture . 
  they do n't trust outsiders , never have . 
  ... yeah ... cause it works so well for us ... 
  you know , you 'd think after 18 years on this planet , 10 of them spent on the internet ... 
  i would be use to russian entertainment . 
  that day is not today . 
  i apologize , if i said this in any subreddit dominated by americans i would be seen as very harsh , and very blunt . 
  moving on however ; i am of the believe that it does not matter what area of africa i am referring to , it does not matter for continued us or ( in my opinion ) eu safety ... and unstable is pretty much europe as viewed from the outside right now , talks of leaving the union , tensions running high , everyone blaming everyone else , domestic unrest , the whole package . 
  whether those millions of people get dropped off across the mediterranean , or if they are shoved further down the continent , i do n't see the need to care for the difference , chances are it is n't going to be good for local governments there . 
  i do not think it could get around iberia . 
  it was the eu who did n't take off their muddy shoes , time to hand them the mop and bucket . 
  this will be blunt , it will be harsh , but it will be true : the us and eu can deal with an unstable africa , we can not deal with an unstable eu . 
  especially not with rus being the way they are now . 
  you see , i did ... but they refused to say anything other than `` why are you going 55 on the freeway !? '', 
  based on voter apathy of the primary group that opposes him , i would say at this point , it is looking more likely than not that he will win office , unless my generation decides that now is a good time to vote . 
  trump , who is currently ahead in general polls across the nation . 
  it leftover from all the gunpowder they use . 
  i 've been trying to convince them . 
  after getting called a commie and being randomly searched a few times i gave up . 
  the president is the chief of state . 
  this is actually a really interesting example of being assimilated into danish culture vs denmark being acculturated to islam . 
  of course , this never should have happened in the first place . 
  you come , you join them they do not join you . 
  and then you go back as you are a refugee , not a migrant . 
  chief of state, 
  chief of state, 
  there is also no reason for the united states to have a tyrannical racist as their cos. . and yet here we are . 
  oh my god that ping . 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  where ? 
  and monopolies , do n't forget that . 
  the major isp 's tend not to step on very many toes except in a few places where their borders merge . 
  google looks to be challenging that in a decade or so though . 
  bits . 
  that is bits . 
  do not live in wyoming . 
  just do n't . 
  wow ... 12mb/s ... for about 10 times the cost . 
  * mumble grumble * 100 dollars for 40mb * mumble grumble *, 
  last thing americans learning german need to mess up is confusing deutschland with dutchland . 
  we are n't all the bright , especially when learning foreign speak . 
  hold up now ... 
  i find your assertion of lack of american apologies a bit unfounded . 
  we do n't issue public apologies , we fix shit . 
  japan , we nuked them and then built one of the most technologically advanced cultures on the planet . 
  iraq , we fucked up , blew it all up , and now our `` soldiers '' we had in iraq were almost all from the engineering corps/wings . 
  vietnam ... we were pushed out , we lost . 
  ca n't really do much when it is under soviet sphere , and yet now that they have switched sides and started looking for us trade deals , we are more than happy . 
  we do n't issue apologies , we issue solutions . 
  did n't you guys lose territory to russia and actually gain territory from germany ? 
  `` but '' in this instance has one t . the one with two t 's refers to an ass . 
  yeah , but they are the only ones who even attempt to fix things at home . 
  which , unfortunately for europe , is something we need kinda desperately at this point . 
  lots of domestic issues have been ignored for a few decades . 
  last i checked ( which was from a book written a few years ago , bob harris : who hates whom ) the north is protestant , the rest is catholic , and the north was n't exactly treated very nicely and so went to the uk . 
  sound about right ? 
  the last thing both the us and europe needs is putin seeking trade relations with china in order to keeps itself in business . 
  europe i feel tends to forget this , china does n't have to like you to trade with you , and russia has a lot of oil and gas that a bustling nation of 1.3 billion needs in order to continue its industrialization . 
  not to mention building materials . 
  russia can ( and will if forced ) have a western free economy if it comes down to it . 
  and that is no way to build future relations . 
  yeah , about the whole trump thing , he has a very small percentage of the independent vote ( who both decide elections , and at this time are most liberal college students ) . 
  it may actually be beneficial for the us to have trump as a candidate ... so that way the democrats have an almost ensured victory . 
  and ? 
  they know the lines , we know the lines , so long as everyone conquered/builds-trade-relations/empire-builds within those lines , it 'll be better for everyone in the long run . 
  let russia feel secure , it is n't something they 've have the luxury of ... ever . 
  okay ... 
  i see how it is written , but i know enough french to know that i will not be able to pronounce that unless someone shows me ... with that in mind , help ? 
  i 'm going to have to disagree with you / u/littlesaint . 
  looks like y' all have a bit better system . 
  this map does n't have those nations on it . 
  also , i 'm american , i live in germany but left when i was 6 , i do not remember eastern europe , and especially not east of the black sea , never went more east than germany . 
  so their alphabets are unknown to me . 
  furthermore , i could 've swore the caucasus was considered a part of `` near east '' asia . 
  can we just return the austro-hungarian empire ? 
  it would be a blessing for high schoolers here . 
  also : greece ? 
  wtf man ? 
  do we really need three alphabets in europe ? 
  just remember hypocrisy does not in any way reduce the strength of his argument or points . 
  [ its bound to happen , ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/53/ ) [ bonus domination . 
  ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/54/ ), 
  `` they existed '' . 
  good enough right ? 
  as i sit here visit my family in ohio ... 
  i look around , every single of the 48 of us here celebrating my grandfather 's birthday today has a direct line from germany , we used to speak german until the 40 's anyway . 
  i think that is as german as you can get outside of europe . 
  we have n't either . 
  that comes in january .
