  only person who looks stupid is you honestly . 
  when starting an argument designed to sway people for or against an idea , perhaps calling yourself new axis power is not a good idea . 
  new zealand did a similar thing with their flag referendum . 
  they voted for an alternative flag , then they voted between the selected alternative flag and the old flag . 
  seemed pretty safe . 
  let me answer this question with another question : if two portugese men are having a conversation and you shout this is why the germans lost their empire !, 
  does that make a lick of sense ? 
  meanwhile in the uk : -100 relations : `` our overlords abandoned us ! '', 
  and this is why you lost your empire !, 
  expert mode : next to a nascar track . 
  oh god , does the stereotypical american really waddle ? 
  have we fallen so far ? 
  wehraboos is a common thing in military history gaming communities . 
  people who really really like german equipment , to the point of overlooking its faults . 
  especially world war ii equipment . 
  poster childs : tiger tank , and the mg42 . 
  occasionally a fw-190 and the bismarck if the games include air and sea . 
  they also sometimes tread dangerously close to being nazis ... 
  omg you have returned !, 
  just want you to know that he is not . 
  so this is what happens when you do n't go to war for 200 years ... 
  use stolen jew gold to buy tanks . 
  sell tanks . 
  boom , clean money . 
  huh , they put monaco 's flag on upside down . 
  that 's strange . 
  i think the austrian one needs a bit of a redesign , its a bit ... 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/flag_of_okinawa_prefecture.svg ), 
  actually [ okinawa ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/flag_of_okinawa_prefecture.svg ), 
  errr ... number 3 is the flag of okinawa , may need a bit of a redesign there . 
  as much as i dislike nietzsche , he had a powerful point when he wrote `` beware that , when fighting monsters , you yourself do not become a monster ... for when you gaze long into the abyss . 
  the abyss gazes also into you . '', 
  what of the effective kidnapping and slave labor of german pow 's after the second world war ? 
  many were n't allowed to return home until the 70 's ... or later . 
  i would like to counter : he is having an honest discussion about holding events in their proper lights to prevent overreactions ( similar to , perhaps also controversially , the attacks of september 11th on my own country ) , as well as trying to provide context and clarifying information on both the event , and portions of european history . 
  not once has he been vulgar , nor has he been belittling the event , or those effected . 
  neither has he been politicizing the event . 
  you on the other hand , are without a doubt : being a dick . 
  this is a very european subject , with talks about the armenians , the srebenicans , and the jews , so i hope i am not out of place with this ; i would like to speak up as someone who studies european history for a living : there absolutely is a place for genocide denial in a factual discussion . 
  it is a way to both educate those who may not know about a topic at all , who have misinformation , old information , or rumor informing their decisions , and also maintains the academic integrity of the field . 
  by challenging the generally accepted consensus , it forces us to look at our evidence again , if only briefly , prepare a statement and synthesis information from that evidence , and present that evidence . 
  the same burden falls on the person who is challenging the consensus , and if they fail , then others who come to look at that person 's thoughts and ideas will notice . 
  should the challenger , despite failing to research , synthesize , and present a reasonable argument , maintain their beliefs , then their credibility suffers and their work is cast in doubt . 
  but , should they admit their mistakes , and change their views , then they receive the best academic exercise i can think of : being proven wrong , misguided , or inaccurate . 
  it is the responsibility of all who are involved to ensure such a discussion not only is able to take place , but be civil , and to allow those looking in from the outside to be able to judge for themselves who did their job better . 
  even if it is a silly argument , it is one worth having to ensure those who are unfamiliar with the topic are not lead astray . 
  i would recommend `` king leopold 's ghost '' . 
  it goes into detail what happened to the congo , which by all estimates should be a leader of african development . 
  come to arizona . 
  pheonix is right now about the same temp as greece 's record . 
  i 'm ... 
  i 'm sorry ... we are n't all that stupid . 
  it 's okay man , i would n't expect you to sleep well if that heatwave in finland extended all the way to sweden . 
  might 've made more sense to me if i was anywhere near chicago , but you are correct about the military . 
  father was air force . 
  my bad . 
  i 'm afraid i may have whooshed . 
  can you kill your joke by explaining it to me please ? 
   do n't you get cold if it 's less than 90c  heatstroke at 18 . 
  ffs finland !, 
  `` north , the country places white . 
  meteorological comfort in murmansk area even colder . '', 
  you tried google , you tried . 
  living in colorado right now i can tell i would kill for the humidity of okinawa or guam again . 
  mixture of things really . 
  trading posts would pop up because after the mexican american war it was right near the border , so it acted as a port between the two countries . 
  forts because again : border area . 
  and trails to the west coast as during the winter it was immensely easier to cross the deserts and warmer mountains than it was the frozen wastes of northern colorado and wyoming . 
  those traveling between the coasts eventually liked to have places to stop , so small towns and trading posts sprung up to help with domestic trade . 
  then ac was widely available and there was significantly less reason to not live there as far as comfort goes . 
  not exactly . 
  we can right now , if we wanted to , use only american made cars . 
  it 's just cheaper to use others in addition . 
  its not that we ca n't , it 's just that it is n't the best . 
  the the second largest entity we import from . 
  however what we import is just as important as how much . 
  almost two thirds of what we import from europe are machinery parts , and vehicles , and it is very easy to make up for those deficits as other companies or other countries would love to tap the us market for cars and machinery parts . 
  it is n't like you all are exporting things we can not have or make ourselves . 
  chemicals however ... that is another story . 
  as i said : similar . 
  did ... did you not read the comment ? 
  why the united states capitalizes some words in titles but not others : a brief explanation provided by a semi-educated american . 
  its keywords usually . 
  its easier to read a title for keywords if they are capitalized . 
  words which are not relevant remain un-capitalized , usually prepositions and the like . 
  its similar i guess to how germans capitalize nouns i think , draws the eye to the nouns and makes them stand out . 
  but then again , part of the reason europe day for most of the eu is may 9th is specifically because it is ve day ( though it is observed on the 8th ) . 
  that 's because france recognizes that symbol . 
  the problem lies in the motto and/or the exact day of europe day ( may 9th , or may 5th ) . 
  then you 're out of luck . 
  france recognizes the flag . 
  they do n't however , recognize the motto and/or the day of europe day being may 9th , not may 5th . 
  according to wikipedia the problem comes at the motto and/or recognition of europe day as may 9th , not may 5th . 
  pretty petty if you ask me . 
  two months ... you pass . 
  there was one about perkins in there , but it was `` frances '' so whatever . 
  hey now ... italy is blue . 
  danzig or war !, 
  if only more subs acted like that . 
  huh , i wonder how long ago it was that i had that * ahem * ... conversation , with that one guy .
