  the ottomans and persians managed to keep the shia and sunni seperate pretty well . 
  this large scale intermingling of these two people is a result of post-colonialism . 
  need i remind you , genocide is also seen as a viable and legitimate option . 
  if not guns , then genocide . 
  however , by replying `` yes '' you change the statement from an `` or '' to an `` and '' statement . 
  do n't hold your breath , we 've had the idea of abolishing the electoral college for decades now . 
  if the vagina and penis are n't blocky , than it was not made in japan . 
  source me . 
  there is wide spread agreement that keeping a circumcised penis clean is easier than an uncircumcised penis . 
  that aside , it still reduces the risk of hiv transmission . 
  but with decreased sensitivity it allows for more stamina , so in this instance , would n't it increase the function ? 
  depends on how you look at what a penis is supposed to do i suppose . 
  as for your part about appearance , that is strictly a judgement call , and the fact that it requires it to be considered `` degrading '' means this term is on loose footing speaking personally . 
  right so , instead of explaining your position for a real conversation you are going to smugly post a definition completely ignoring the connotation of what you said . 
  right , wrong place for a discussion it seems . 
  soap is an asset because its better than just water . 
  circumcision is an asset because its better than just soap . 
  [ it also reduces infection risk so , i mean ... ] ( https://www.cdc.gov/hiv/pdf/prevention_research_malecircumcision.pdf ), 
  [ uhhh ... huh ] ( https://www.cdc.gov/hiv/pdf/prevention_research_malecircumcision.pdf ), 
  i 'm having issues understanding why you think it is mutilation . 
  it is much more difficult and complicated when you 're older , thus why it is done soon after birth . 
  it really does n't matter from my perspective though , which is no where near unbiased . 
  uhh ... no . 
  well , it also has medical benefits as well . 
  keeps the area much cleaner and helps prevent infections . 
  edit : i suppose i should jump ahead of this before the circle jerk kills this ... [ i 'm not talking out my ass ] ( https://www.cdc.gov/hiv/pdf/prevention_research_malecircumcision.pdf ), 
  if y' all knew what you were doing why then is the union in such unrest ? 
  yeah things are n't perfect and dandy here but at least texas has n't seceded yet . 
  in a very extreme outcome , it could lead to the first failure of a democracy in the western world since the 1930 's . 
  and in 20 years i 'll be teaching this . 
  woe upon the nation whose people are tired of experts . 
  they perhaps , the only people who know what they are talking about , and a thriving democracy requires people who know what they are talking about to be center stage . 
  if the us managed to not fuck this up , y' all have no excuses . 
  make it happen y' all . 
  defend net neutrality . 
  the uk scatters . 
  scotland goes north . 
  ni goes south , wales hangs on for dear life , and england suffers . 
  that 's what he said . 
  from what i saw ? 
  yeah . 
  but again , nothing was explained really well , and the limit was fairly low . 
  doing any job that required a degree would have put you above the cut off . 
  i 've done extensive look into aus/nz/can / uk immigration as i 'm trying to get out of here . 
  and i must say , the point system is so much easier to understand and helps me figure out what qualifications i need so much better than the uk 's current system of `` you must already have a job , but it must be from this list of specific organizations . '', 
  i had no clue where to go or who to talk to or what needed to be done . 
  thanks britannia . 
  scots will find a way back . 
  typically independence day 's are n't days of infamy . 
  but will you eat it ? 
  yeah , plus canada minus quebec has about 6 states reserved . 
  and a huge failure for the uk , the pound , and the eu . 
  norway ? 
  so , now that it seems the uk voted to leave , but scotland voted to remain , does this bring in new vigor for the separatist movement in scotland ? 
  eh , we actually saw a surge of people lending to the us after we got downgraded . 
  so it does n't really matter . 
  first half of the 20th century was n't exactly a great couple of decades for european infrastructure . 
  though for romania , we have n't done much . 
  you were under a different sphere . 
  the secret service is n't secret either , but what they do ( in entirety ) is . 
  it was colonel mustard in the library with the candlestick . 
  eh , he can act like i give a damn about how we conquered our land all he wants . 
  poland seems to have chosen the national focus `` placate the ussr '' . 
  looks like they are joining the comintern . 
  yeah iran , poland , and the gulf states tried to fight it . 
  but it was all russia , just due to how the un works russia 's votes is worth literally the entire world 's combined . 
  you all were to busy being conquered and partitioned to have time for homophobia . 
  so , because the guy makes a remark that generalizes the whole planet ... and i do the same to refute him ... 
  i 'm wrong because i did n't mention denmark ? 
  uhhh ... christians represent a very large portion of circumcisions mate . 
  good idea !, 
  i. . . huh . 
  good point actually . 
  missed that part in my desire to be snarky at 4 in the morning . 
  perhaps i should go to bed soon ... 
  i like this version better : `` something new ? 
  huh . 
  tell me about yourself . '', 
  `` i 'm an american who lives in japan . '', 
  ( hey , i did too , wonder if he 's military ? ), 
  `` military or civilian ? '', 
  `` civilian , though i 'm getting a bit uncomfortable . '', 
  `` alright , sorry to be a bother . '', 
  alright , have a good day . 
  military or civilian ? 
  yeah , but then again , there is a huge difference between one bullet to the head ( where you can live without quite a bit of the stuff there . 
  live , not live well , but live ) and three all over the place with a stabbing and a kick for good measure . 
  the whole bit is quite sad . 
  huh ... first time seeing as japanese flag here . 
  japanese ? 
  immigrant to europe ? 
  european emigrant to japan ? 
  japanese but really interested in europe ? 
  sorry if this is a bit rude . 
  huh , that 's actually really clever . 
  do more sub equations !, 
  wales is not its own acting political entity . 
  the uk however took it 11695 during q1 alone ( eurostat ) , turkey on the other hand plans to keep less than 5000 of the 2 million in camps already . 
  total . 
  the uk has done more work for your neighbors in three months than you have in years .
