  or we could just let people share their thoughts and ideas in a public forum ? 
  one that germany has a comparatively low subscription rate in ? 
  well , y' all make great `` subjects '' . 
  saw and bought some german bread once ... the thing was a brick , i could kill someone with the bread . 
  leave it to germany to weaponize bread . 
  hold up , i hovered over your flag , care to explain why it says greece ? 
  got ur nikehs in a bun m8 ? 
  i mean , when all he has to choose from is trump or cruz ... yeah the gop has shitty candidates this year . 
  beef fat !? 
  its pork fat . 
  with some meat for texture . 
  that almost makes me more interested in it . 
  ability to provide my own commentary and such . 
  he is referring more to poland for some reason . 
  hmmm , still though ... have you seen the domestic side of us politics recently ? 
  i still feel like i 'm trading up . 
  english is a more internationally spoken language , and so a lot of people learn english for one reason or another , so it is easier to live in england where the official language is english than trying to learn german , france , or italian . 
  at least , that seems to be a supporting reason . 
  ^ ^ finland ^ ^ is ^ ^ the ^ ^ blackjack, 
  i 've searched and searched and searched , and from what i 've found y' all only have a sponsorship program , and no expression of interest that canada , australia , and new zealand have . 
  not only that , but jobs can not be posted to migrants till they are 2 weeks old , and for teaching history , that almost never happens , so i pretty much need an eoi program in order for me to get into the country and then look for work as someone who already lives in the country . 
  i grew up in typhoon alleys for a good portion of my life , so i 'm more than comfortable with constant rain for weeks ( one time months ) at a time . 
  well , strangely enough , i have a better chance getting into new zealand than the uk . 
  which is okay . 
  new zealand is my primary choice , i just want to get into the commonwealth because it speaks the same language as i do , and as far as foreign nations goes , has the closest culture to mine . 
  reason i do n't choose canada is its too damn cold . 
  i thought going to the uk from the commonwealth was easy ? 
  deal . 
  desertification is the term you are looking for . 
  sorry , maybe you can build your own culture group ? 
  with finland and hookers ? 
  can a pro for the us count ? 
  if the uk gets less migrants from europe , it may become easier to emigrate from the us !, 
  from my position a total outsider , it appears as though austria and sweden are starting to have doubts . 
  sooner i finish my education , sooner i 'm sending out eoi 's . 
  this article is n't biased at all . 
  let me stop you right there . 
  this man is not honest , he is an actor . 
  a lot of the stuff he says not even he believes , but he knows how to play to the paranoia of a dying party ( number of new registered republicans at an all time low ) . 
  he knows he wo n't be able to just bomb isis , he knows he wo n't be able to force mexico to pay for a wall . 
  but he also knows that joe bob the constituent does n't know that he ca n't . 
  now that it it seems he has fairly reasonably clinched the nomination , he is moving on to trying to appeal to moderates , and even some soft democrats . 
  he 's moved on from playing for nomination , and is now playing for election . 
  sanders ? 
  if its between him and hillary , i 'll choose him just to attempt to destabilize the country . 
  if only a little . 
  might bring about some kind of reforms . 
  even then , the entire middle east is not much better than syria for the average citizen . 
  it just so happens that in saudi arabia , qatar , uae , and other `` better off '' middle east countries just have a very prevalent elite . 
  well argued . 
  economically : the educational systems of germany and even europe can only hold so much , and i do not think they have the ability to educated 1 million extra people in a decade while still educating all the natives as well . 
  culture : the difference between german and arab culture is great , and suddenly merging to two into something new over the span of a decade or even five will cause a lot of backlash . 
  socially : i 'm unsure if the fear and mistrust generated by this event will make life better or worse for the million arabs coming to europe ... or the tens of millions still in the middle east . 
  politically : i think they fully believe in doing what is right , but at the same time if you only ever think about others , you 'll find yourself falling apart . 
  europe is trying to avoid falling apart . 
  iirc , finland is with y' all . 
  no , i am a firm beleiver that what has happened in regards to this crisis has harmed germany economically , culturally , social , and politically . 
  economically because a lot of these people have no training , culturally because there are so many people that they do not assimilate , instead ( maybe ) acculturate , socially because now you have a lot more germans afraid of muslims and mistrustful of arabs , and politically because the rest of europe was dragged with em . 
  unfortunately , the neighboring countries of syria are n't any better than syria . 
  because ( unfortunately ) half the country does n't want them here and its election season . 
  many do flee to the rich middle eastern countries , but those are small places with limited resources who can only afford all the things we see them afford of the backs of workers such as the nepalese . 
  i 'm not sure they would . 
  from what i 've seen , germany is still very much aware of things the nazi regime did , and so are a bit paranoid of doing things that may be thought of as potentially close to a nazi policy . 
  if they do however , i image the eu will have a lot of shit throwing against germany since they see them as the ones who instigated this whole thing . 
  may be seen as a sort of betrayal , which is not something the eu needs right now as it seems to be getting very close to falling apart . 
  what i find really shocking , is how even though the article mentions no extremism was found , and that really the only thing they were doing was encouraging prayer in a muslim style ... is how many people are finding this to be scary , potentially radicalizing , and even suggestions of arrests and deportations !, 
  the crippling fear that seems to be sweeping europe is doing more to harm the continent than the attacks on paris did to france , the attacks on the east coast did to the united states , or any other attacks any real terrorists have ever done . 
  i mean this not in the way it is used in a modern sense , but in the way the british government intended it in the 1940s , europe : keep calm , and carry on . 
  oh god , / r/eu4 is leaking again . 
  yeah , but in that same line ... if a teacher so much as * looks * at a student wrong , they get fired , rape claims get filed , and they never work again . 
  if its any consolation ... kamchatka 's nice . 
  huh , i though lithuania was more boring . 
  what have they got going on ? 
  speak from my own perspective , the eu is a wondrous little experiment , one that must continue to ensure the growth of the region . 
  i did n't ... wow . 
  you have got some great stories to tell . 
  have you considered writing a book ? 
  if it is n't too much trouble , what is your feelings toward kosovo , if i may ask that is . 
  does morocco really consider the canaries as a part of `` greater morocco '' ? 
  western sahara i can kinda understand , algeria maybe , but the canaries ? 
  i 'm starting to think they are a bit ... ambitious . 
  i 'm sorry , kinda strange . 
  here in the states we view europe as this bastion of stability with the east being slightly worse off than the west , and the only threat being russia . 
  of course ... over the past few months , this view has largely been removed . 
  interesting how i lived there just 12 years ago and it seemed much more stable . 
  has n't spain been on the verge of civil war for a few decades now ? 
  yeah ... how 's kosovo nowadays ? 
  did that war end yet ? 
  ( not being judgmental ... and trying not to be rude . 
  legitimate interest . ), 
  unless the military itself revolts , or the citizenry becomes surprisingly adept at piloting jets and drones , modern forces are pretty good at keeping rebellions from doing too much . 
  most likely living in small towns during the 2000 's where this was the case . 
  you do n't understand how swiss laws work . 
  you can legally own your gun . 
  but you can only take it out on prescribed militia training days , from there it is stored in a town armory , with the ammo in a separate facility . 
  they `` own '' the guns , but not in the way americans own guns . 
  congrats , you listed one former communist nation , one that for many nations , still has kosovo in it , and thus its homicide rate . 
  russia has been exerting its influence to destabilize nations a la ukraine for decades now . 
  they have n't admitted to it , but why would they ? 
  they did n't mess with finland because finland is n't `` ethnic russian '' according to the russian government .
