  that is extremely ignorant . 
  russian and ukrainian relationships are nothing like usa and cuba . 
  a united and focused ukraine can very much kick the russians of crimea ( which is also heavily energy dependent on ukraine ) . 
  and unlike cuba , ukraine has the financial support of europe and a land that connects them . 
  it is not an isolated island in the sea that has limited resources and can be put under embargo with some fleet . 
  if they will they can disrupt a lot of the oil trade of russia and controlling crimea was a vital spot for putin . 
  why is this thread full of people that believe russia is just a mindless blood hungry beast ? 
  putin is anything but ignorant or stupid . 
  his decisions until now have been very rational from a russian point of view . 
  does n't make them more moral , but they make a huge amount of sense if you stop looking at him like he is some kind of anti-christ . 
  because the geopolitical interests of nato are in direct conflict with the russian 's ? 
  every single year cuba sends an official message to the usa to remove their base from there . 
  the us offers them back money which they do n't take , because they want them gone . 
  us is not there by the will of the cuban nation , it is there because the cubans ca n't afford to throw them out . 
  i think you are misunderstanding a few of my points . 
  putin is not a peacemaker . 
  in fact no one of the top 5 leaders of the world are . 
  but he claimed a point as `` a perceived peacemaker '' in syria . 
  the western world approved of the intervention . 
   chinese would n't never go in direct conflict with west , even though they stronger than russia , it 's againt their philosophy and they are usually cooperate , what last conflict china made in such scale as russia ? 
  and even if they would i agree it 's dumb expect economic downfall for them cause they actually have economy , so it 's not comparable with russia being like 1 % of global economy and depended on west almost in every field even military , even things that russia made on it 's own is have import parts in them , china and us being biggest economics in world it 's not comparable case . 
  chinese have a long history of violence itself . 
  while they have n't been in an open war ( just like russia ) since vietnam they have been in cosntant state of `` claiming sea and islands '' from neighboring countries - vietnam and philippines . 
  which is n't different at all from what russia did in ukraine . 
  both russia and china do it for geopolitical reasons and in this case -  natural resources and control of trade routes . 
  taiwan is also a very special case for this . 
  constant desputes with china and downright hate between the two . 
  but in the west we do n't hear much of that because it is a constant struggle , while ukraine was a big event of two european countries fighting ( quite unlikely since kosovo ) . 
  so yeah china are not without blood on their hands . 
  westerners just do n't care about them at all and the media does n't report it . 
   russia was pretty weak in 90s and nothing happened to the world . 
  russians kinda say same thing that world need strong russia , but never say why . 
  china and us on other hand are more like partners , and it ` swroking fine , sure they both want to be number one but they not gon na decide that in direct conflict . 
  russia was by no means weak . 
  the good part then was that the population had no faith in the ruling elite . 
  while if putin was to be dethroned right now it would leave a major power vacuum and a mad population which supports him . 
  this will throw all of the eastern hemisphere in conflicts . 
  besides even if he is somebody with very similar if possible also with worst morals will take his place given the current ideals of the russian population . 
   are there actually proof that americans did something with oil prices , cause there is some fundemental reasons why oil should go down us cheap shale oil and china economic growth going slower , ofc also saudits of course there is . 
  us knows very well what lowering prices of oil does around the world . 
  they heavily subsidize with tax breaks the oil industry locally . 
  also the dollar goes up as the oil prices go down , which right at this moment benefits them greatly . 
  this has all been possible with a few technical advances and the complete power vacuum the destruction of iraq and libya left . 
   10 years of high oil prices and you easy ccould see same thing again , i mean chechnya , nagorno-karabakh , georgia , syria and ukraine is pattern of conflicts that involve russia , and there is no reasons to stop if russia could stand on it 's legs again . 
  more over military currently is number one priority in russia now , from putin to various mp it was openly said . 
  and it 's truth cause all other fields that have funding from budget are being cut down . 
  to do anything russia has to have the local population supporting it . 
  even if they recover from the current crisis they are awaiting a huge demographic one in 10 years . 
  putin did all he could to ease the migration of native russians back into the mother land , but there are only so much russians that want to come back . 
  so he first will have to deal with that . 
  there is no pattern . 
  neither russia , nor china , nor usa attacks countries jsut for the fun of it . 
  they all attack when their interests are being hindered . 
  china - does it to secure sea routes and natural resources in the sea . 
  does it to tibet in order to keep the population under control . 
  russia - did it to ukraine because the conflict was a direct threat to the black sea dominance they had . 
  the pipelines in ukraine were also at a great risk . 
  syria again was not a pattern . 
  there is 0 economical benefit for russia there . 
  but putin lost a shit ton of world favor with his actions in ukraine and syria intervention was a good populist move by him . 
  usa does it secure natural resources and dominance of the petro dollar . 
  in the modern world there are very little conflicts out of spite . 
  99 % of them are geopolitically driven . 
  and in geopolitics there are only interests . 
  military should be seen as a top priority by the russians . 
  nato is tightening around it 's neighbours , which is a direct threat to them . 
  what politicians say is irrelevant , what they do is what matters . 
  russia will not go in an open war with anyone as long as it is allowed to remain the monopoly of european natural resource supply . 
  they might huff and puff if turkmenistan strikes a deal with azerbaijan and starts building the pipeline in casspian sea , but they ( the rurssians ) have too much influence there and their decision will be the final one . 
  the only countries that can expect some escalation are georgia and armenia . 
  but that depends entirely on what turkey decides to do in syria . 
  no chance of open war though . 
  someone asked something and while i answered he deleted it . 
  here it is so my comment does n't go to waste :  did russians viewed donensk and luhansk also `` kind of russian '' ? 
  and syria also `` kind of russian '' ? 
  i think russians will approve anything if it involve strong military stance in the world , cause they believe they are somehow a superpower now , cause of high oil prices . 
  if nazi germany lost and get through process of denazification , russia never get through similiar process , ussr just collapsed from within but ideology was n't destroyed , some people believe that eu was against russia as it member cause of fear communism ideology spreading across eu . 
  russia still had communist party and their leader even had a chance become a president in 1996 with 40 % people voted for him , and after losing election many people was ready to go on streets , later medvedev said that 1996 elction was n't fair and eltsin did n't won . 
  ussr and russian empire before that is both imperalistic entity , and russia just continuation of that logic that is really can be changed only by big defeat either on economic front or real one . 
   donensk and luhansk also `` kind of russian '' ? 
  yes ? 
  they are in ukraine . 
  and they are not safe . 
  syria is a global fenomenon . 
  putin just rode the wave of public opinion on that one . 
  the whole world wanted something to be done . 
  the usa almost did but having seen the cluster fuck iraq caused the population voted against . 
  europe is too much of a pussy whipped continent to do anything and turkey has active interest in the war going longer . 
  so putin saw the opportunity to claim the points as the peacemaker and fix some of his global image after the conflict in ukraine . 
  it was a very good move on his part . 
  the way the global narrative changed as soon as they announced their plans will be taught in schools in 60 years . 
  as a general rule of thumb people re dumb . 
  even westerners are fucking idiots as long as you present a good bait . 
  usa used the 9/11 attacks then it simply snowballed to iraq on the premise of some weapons of mass destruction , while having ulterior motives . 
  putin did something similar but on a smaller scale ( no official war , low number of ground forces etc. ), 
  which goes to show that he is not exactly as strong as he wishes to be . 
  every country that has real power will use it . 
  chinese do it , americans do it , russians do it . 
  it is not wise to expect economic downfall of them . 
  a cornered dog will bite as hard as it can and you can expect a strong bite from a nuclear power .
