  both the pkk and the azeris should stay on their asses when in foreign country . 
  the problem is they are doing it in france . 
  a country that has nothing to do with that . 
  the problem is they are bringing their own ethnical issues when they are supposed to `` intergrate '' . 
  pkk fighting azeris infront of the armenian embassy in france . 
  import the people , import their problems . 
  romania : i am working with a few people from there and i was very pleasantly surprised that all of them were very quick to get involved in our culture/history . 
  i did n't expect that at all . 
  what national polls man . 
  the more people you take into account the better the poll . 
  actually the whole election process is one big poll . 
  and when your `` national polls '' that have maybe at best 10k people in them are compared to the 32 % nationally there should n't be even an argument which is the true one . 
  israel and hungary bet to differ . 
  no way you can deport them back to their countries . 
  especially if they are 2-3 generation . 
  but if shit hits the fan the 51 % in a democratic country will make a decision against human rights . 
  besides you can always pay zambia or somalia x amount per migrant taken and ship them there . 
  doubt the warlords there will care much . 
   the statistics you 're talking about , sure , does work . 
  if we randomly select 30 % of any population , you 'll find that their results will very accurately estimate the outcome of the whole . 
  please stop with the randomness . 
  it is 30 % of the population . 
  it does n't get much more random than that . 
  the vote is representative . 
  `` a very specific part of the population that happens to be 30 % of it '' , this is wrong on so many levels . 
   the people who did n't vote were predominantly in favor of the ` yes ' vote . 
  how do you know that ? 
  this is extreme level of demagogue . 
  obviously the sample of 32 % of the population shows that this is factually not true . 
   but since , if the turnout would be less than 30 % , the referendum would be cancelled anyway , which is essentially the same outcome as a yes vote yes that is how retards think . 
  democracy requires active participation . 
   you see , you going there to vote yes in a situation like this can do more harm than good for you . 
  so imagine they need 10 people to vote so that the election is valid . 
  invalid election = a majority yes outcome . 
  so you go , and you vote yes . 
  and exactly 10 people actually voted , with 7 no and 3 yes . 
  this is how you can justify about any election in the world . 
   had you not gone to vote , you would 've been better off because the election would 've been cancelled . 
   so the 30 % we have here is n't a random group of people , and therefore we can not say that they are an accurate representation of the whole dutch population . 
  this is so backwards that my head hurts . 
  accept that you lost and deal with it . 
  do n't be a baby . 
  vote if you support a decision and stop bending the obvious facts . 
  with that kind of logic you can justify about anything . 
  i swear if it was up to the sub 30y population europe would be authoritarian socialism . 
   this was n't a local election . 
  this was a referendum , which rarely ever happens in the netherlands . 
  it is the same for our discussion . 
  it follows the same principle . 
  do n't be a demagogue . 
  i do know what exactly i am talking about . 
  you do not need 100 % of the population to claim that x is their opinion . 
  you are just grasping for straws . 
  if you were correct almost every single election of the western world for the last 10 years should be thrown out because the voting turn out was below 50 % . 
  the role of the barrier is to keep local elections from being decided by a very small group of people holding an `` extremist view '' . 
  it is accepted that 30 % of the population should be statistically representative of the whole population and even if the view is extremist it would be enough to claim that statistically there should be majority for the decision even among the rest of the population . 
  it is very reasonable to have voter trespasses as 90 % of the countries in the world do . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sample_%28statistics%29 here is the basics for the statistical sample . 
  the number 30 % is ofc arguable but having no threshold is simply laughable . 
  did they have the opportunity to vote ? 
  yes . 
  did they take it ? 
  democracy is sated . 
  it is representative . 
   professional journalists given the state of the current journalism it is quite rare to see some quality . 
  corporate tax rates in us are one of the highest in the world . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tax_rates it is still surprising no current known politicans from the eu are on the list . 
  cameron has some associates like putin and assad , but noone from germany , france directly involved . 
  maybe it 's too early and they are saving the best for last . 
   this was not germany backing down to ergogan , this was a satire video that is simply illegal because of its harshness . 
  i swear people in the eu would bend over back backwards to justify this . 
  satire if known to be one and is presented as such , should be under the protection of the law especially against politicians . 
  this is what us does . 
  it is n't slander or liable if it is obviously meant as a joke . 
   its harshness please , the poor feelings of erdogan . 
  everybody knew it was n't presenting facts . 
  i hate the current generation of correctness . 
  although you are joking i would elaborate . 
  even if the population wanted it , even if we had the military to do it , even if we had the drive , i doubt people want the return of [ the blue helmets ] ( http://i2.wp.com/inserbia.info/today/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/serbian-army-un5.jpg ) in the region . 
  while we surely have a decently high nationalistic drive , i do n't sense expansionism . 
  the only shit talking i ever hear is about macedonia , but not in the sense of `` we should get there and beat them '' , but in the sense of `` the stupid \u043c\u0430\u043a\u0435\u0442\u0430 are selling their own '' . 
  i think two national catastrophes burned us hard enough to let go of the expansionism . 
   i 'm happy to answer your questions but i just want to clarify , do you mean what armenians think is the cassus belli for the azeri offensive that happened last night , or for the war in general ? 
  for the offensive that happened last night . 
  but from your answer i can see :  it 's an ethnic conflict born from the denied self-determiniation of the karabakh oblast . 
  can you elaborate more on :  how do you view your relationships with turkey and russia in general if you have anything to add that might throw additional light i would be thankful . 
  russia has interest in azerbaijan also . 
  i would guess they will move towards a ceasefire . 
  turkey on the other hand has good relationships with azerbaijan and might want rile the fight up a bit . 
  we would just fight between one another . 
  i have read analysis of the current desire of azerbaijan and uzbekistan to form a corridor in caspian sea ( trough turkmenistan ofc ) . 
  to finish it they would have to move it trough armenia and turkey in order to reach europe . 
  russia is a huge player in all of this since they practically control the caspian sea . 
  i am curious what do armenians believe is the motivator for this move ? 
  casus beli for the territory due to the expeling of the 10-20 % azeri minority there ? 
  i am not trying to enter an argument i want to know the full perspective of the armenians . 
  also how do you view your relationships with turkey and russia ( i wo n't judge no matter the answer , i am not politically motivated like most of / r/europe ) ? 
  free speech is not for those who you agree with . 
  it is for those who you do n't . 
  every single big social move that has led to the current cultural shift has been stigmatized and dismissed , to rightfully asses a claim you must hear it out and critique it .
