  silencing opinions you disagree with will inevitably lead to you missing and stifling the progress of the human kind . 
  i think that is why we have the appropriate means to spy on citizens that are suspected . 
  if a court deems it just they should track him by all means . 
  that is a reasonable solution to this imo . 
  edit : downvotes without arguments . 
  i would think the latter , but i am speculating . 
  balkans have a weird relationship with islam . 
  most of the muslims i know are n't behaving at all like what you currently see in the west ( although i know 1-2 that are hellbent on every rule in their book ) . 
  they eat pork and drink a lot . 
  most of them do n't give much of a shit about islam until ramadan comes . 
  but we have our tensions never the less . 
  the head imam for the country was recently caught receving bribes from some organization the americans deem terrorist , to teach new imams wahabism or salafism . 
  we also had some stupid gypsies throwing around is flags being edgy . 
  things are brewing but i doubt there would be anything in the coming 5-10 years . 
  if the west does nothing to fix its own problem it is going to inevitably come to us . 
  all of this is valid for most of eastern europe . 
  are we not europeans ? 
  explain . 
  there are tensions . 
  a lot of them actually . 
  even the recent stunt when the government corruption tapes were made public . 
  basically it is waiting for critical mass somewhere near in the feature . 
  they are not like western eu , since almost all of the muslim population is native ( mainly with ties to albania ) . 
  edit : refering to macedonia . 
   ignoramus i have never heard of someone actually using this word . 
   how quickly you are to judge based on appearance he is holding severed head , smirking . 
  i do n't need more to know he is lower than dirt . 
  how much of a sheltered life do you have to live to not realize that this guy should n't be admitted in ? 
  how is that unreasonable ? 
  sure if he was just staying in some park looking bad at the camera i would have no excuse for wanting to throw him out . 
  how can you not see the difference ? 
  it does n't get much worse than importing known foreign fighters . 
   thinly veiled blatant racism is going to save europe . 
  one might accuse you of being radical , what an ironic twist that would be . 
  ( it would n't ) . 
  you are talking like some smug social studies graduate . 
  when things get worse try not to be the `` man '' that you are right now . 
  edit : you are either a troll or this is bizarro land with no connection to reality . 
  in what universe does holding a severed head not amount to at least throwing the guy out . 
  i tried reasoning , i tried with facts , i tried with feelings . 
  the ignorance of the average young male in the west is terrifying . 
   finland is officially accepting refugees seeking asylum , so yes , legal . 
  this guy is a warrior not a refugee . 
  he is the displacer not the displaced . 
   `` most likely '' is what i meant when i said the justice system does n't act based on assumptions . 
  if i was operating on assumptions i would ahve him jailed for life . 
  but i am not sure at all , so i do the most obvious solution - put him back on a plane to iraq . 
   and finland does owe him something ; basic human rights . 
  both t. ... 
  there are at least 10 safe countries between finland and iraq/syria . 
  he could have stayed there if he was infact a refugee ( which he is not ) . 
  and they are going to be the end of europe as we know it . 
  you people are excusing a warmonger behavior and still advocating for his stay in finland . 
  look into the picture and tell me you do n't see anything sinister in him . 
  tell me that you as a person ( probably a man ) want to associate with this man and have no reservations about his persona . 
  tell me you think you see someone that will actively contribute to the wellbeing of the finish nation . 
  tell me there is not a feeling at the back of your head that says `` it might not be a good idea to be related to this guy '' . 
   legal migrant `` jebbar salman ammar arrived in finland about six months ago as part of europe 's huge migrant influx . '', 
  it is simply not worth the risk to keep him . 
  he is most likely a murderer . 
  he is an illegal migrant , hence not a ctizen which means not finlands responsibility . 
  just kick him back and be done with it , finland does n't owe him anything . 
   sure , we ca n't know if he was the perpetrator , but maybe we have more than enough reason to at least throw him back where he came from ? 
  16 month suspended sentence ? 
  let 's not punish him at all and simply save ourself the taxpayer money . 
  kick him back and be done with it . 
  he is holding a severed head . 
  and in the picture it looks very fresh . 
  now , some would call me a bigot , but i do n't happen to have a severed head near me at all times appearing with a `` smirk '' on my face while holding it . 
  sure , we ca n't know if he was the perpetrator , but maybe we have more than enough reason to at least throw him back where he came from ? 
  16 month suspended sentence ? 
  this is a complete joke . 
  edit : i am going to assume most people have not seen it . 
  and this is the same proposal that was allowed `` fast lanes '' . 
   g : complains to tour company even for a small mistake   r : would complain anything if get $ 10 this rings so true . 
  i worked for 4-5 years in a some hotels when i was young . 
  as stupid as the russians are dealing with the always complaining germans was so off putting , that at the end of it i preferred dealing with drunken stupor of the russians . 
  at least they did n't demand shit . 
  they just expected cheap booze and food in the morning . 
  not even close . 
  bulgarian and macedonian populations were separated by communist propaganda . 
  we never had a war , we never had differences . 
  even the old western ethnic maps of the balkans show mostly bulgarians living there a century ago . 
  to be like denmark and sweden we would have to fight at least 11 wars in the span of 300 years . 
  socialists came with the story that some of our kings/tzars were actually from macedonia . 
  and some other widely recognised names . 
  exactly . 
  most of eastern europe 's young dislike left wing governments . 
  some of the old people are still sympathetic but they also tend to dislike them . 
  trump le pen etc. 
  are only a symptom . 
  they are the answer of the people who are tired of the current status quo . 
  saying we are not looking as an example to the west because of them is extremely stupid , because they reflect the popular opinion made by all preceding politicians . 
  link to the data : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/data/database, 
  is it possible to get a `` chewed down '' version of what happens next time ? 
  besides the save will show me only the current change and i wo n't see the progress and the context ( as far as i remember because i am eu noob ), 
   i 'm sure some people will say nationalism but again i would argue that nationalism has its downsides , for one it is harder to proselytize newcomers since it 's not like it 's easy to join . 
  and it 's by definition not connecting people across countries , the way islam and the other named ideologies do . 
  ( so all of that aside from the assumption that many people have that nationalism is most likely to swap over into violence ) you ca n't counter an inclusive religion with islam with exclusive ideology like nationalism . 
  unfortunately to trump a religion you need one yourself .
