  the goal is to appeal to the highest and the lowest common denominator , which ca n't be done trough reason alone . 
   unless you artificially make people more poor and uneducated again , you are not gon na fix that problem . 
  there are a lot of poor people here . 
  a big part of them are very stupid . 
  and we still have a demographic problem . 
  imo the issue is the massive urbanization ( this is also evident from usa where the highest birth rates to 5 + generation citizens are in the most losely populated regions ) and the extremely high costs of living in a big city ( apartment costs , cars , taxes ) . 
  if we could decentralize the economy to not be so focused in the big cities we might actually provide some relief and time for parenting . 
  also mothers can definitely not keep up with having a full time job while raising 3 kids even with a lot of help from relatives . 
  the children need a parent to be with them fulltime especially when growing up . 
  this is also a strong side of why muslims have so many children . 
  the goal is to find a middle ground where women are not forced to stay at home , but encouraged to work part time and have more children . 
  they should still be able to choose the full time work way , but they should be aware that it will be at the cost of being mothers . 
  employers simply ca n't handle longer pregnancy vacations , let alone the countries starting to give more handouts for having more children . 
  i have a request . 
  can you make some screen shots from time to time and post them in some thread when you are done with some basic explanations of what is happening ? 
  i do n't have time to play right now but i am interested in how the game progressed . 
  if every player can do it from his own perspective would be extremely cool . 
  there was a guy in civ5 that did something to this extent and his threads were pretty popular . 
  oh i agree with your stance on the pope . 
  i just disagree with your opinion on culture and the shift that the newer ethnicities will bring . 
  european culture is by no means more `` alluring or impressive '' , it is just different . 
  but it is our culture and it is up to the people of europe ( more to their respective countries because we do n't have 1 culture in europe ) to defend it . 
  unlike islam christianity especially in europe is no longer aggressively recruiting ( except some small sects ) . 
  on the other hand you have imams and agitators constantly trying to bring more people into the faith . 
  i am concerned when the shift from the current values to the islamic values happens and make no mistake it will unless europeans start protecting their cultures . 
  of course we can take 1.2 m more . 
  thank [ based dinko ] ( http://btvnovinite.bg/article/bulgaria/obshtestvo/mazh-ot-jambol-zalavja-nelegalni-imigrnati-s-goli-race.html ) and the fact that even migrants do n't want to deal with our cops . 
  false . 
  it is already [ over ] ( http://www.gva.be/cnt/dmf20160302_02161849/voor-het-eerst-meer-dan-de-helft-moslims-in-antwerpse-scholen ) for some countries . 
  this will not stimulate `` europeans to have more kids '' . 
  they will still have 1.3-1 .6 per woman , while the incoming migrants will bring 4-5 and while in the country will start the process of having less ( most will start from 3-4 and in 50 years will decrease to 2.5 ) . 
  untill the process is over there wont be europeans left . 
  that , i can concede . 
  i sure love me some baklava . 
  because we do n't want another national catastrophic ( second balkan war , first world war ) . 
  besides our military is shit right now . 
  i also doubt the population there really wants that and our relations with greece are decent . 
  good old ministry of truth . 
  nah he just supports turkey becoming the ottoman empire again . 
  whatever ideology fits that he will pick it . 
  before the revolution china had kind of a natural cycle . 
  every 2-3 hundred of years , the governing staff would get too corrupt for the population to bear and they would revolt killing most of them . 
  this repeated quite a few times . 
   what industry do i have?i produce only the 30 % of what i consume . 
  i am sorry but you are an idiot . 
  of course it will be hard . 
  i grew up in a similar time and all we had was homemade bread and during some goods from the village or friends . 
  my great grandmother had a saying `` as long as we have flour and salt we will manage '' . 
  and she is fucking right . 
  as long as there are people they will create wealth . 
   how will i buy gas , drugs etc with a trash currency ?? 
  ? there is no way to import anything for the first 1 + year . 
  ( memememememe ) this is what a default does . 
  you wo n't be able to . 
  not until the economy recovers a bit and the currency ( which will most likely revert to drachma ) gains some trust around the world . 
  it will take 5-10 years . 
  you are just kicking the can down the road . 
  these austerities will suffocate your people and will only start to squeeze harder the longer they remain and you will have to relive this scenario again in the next decade . 
  you literally had a referendum to reject the austerity reforms . 
  this would have led to a default but tsipras did his own thing . 
  and no you wo n't die . 
  countries have came out from worst situations than this . 
  sure you would lose a lot , but you are not some third world country you have industry that will inevitably bounce back . 
  i gave you a source . 
  there are none in english since it is local news and noone gives a shit about our small country enough to translate it . 
  they literally refuse the help . 
  we had some euro funds demand we build them some apartment buildings . 
  we did . 
  they trashed them . 
  in a matter of weeks they sold everthing that can be removed and created ghettos . 
  in my grandma 's village are almost 90 % romas due to moving out and old people dying . 
  theft skyrocketed . 
  it is a daily experience to have your basement broken into . 
  8 years ago a guy decided to open a small shop there . 
  he `` interviewed '' a roma lady and offered her 200euro a month ( which was 20 % above the minimum wage here and they are living in a village with almost no paid work available ) . 
  when she heard she refused and said she gets 150 from the state for having so much children and the rest `` she can always steal '' . 
  this is the fucking mentality we are dealing with . 
  because you have 5k of them . 
  romania has 8.5 % of their population . 
  we also have around 500k ( 6-8 % ) . 
  and we actually have to see them . 
  they create ghettos on private property . 
  build houses that are not according to any regulation ( why should laws not apply to them ? ) . 
  steal electricity ( they literally go the nearest transformer and hop on it with cables ) . 
  suppliers have literally given up removing them . 
  now they write those as loses and redistribute them to all of their paying customers connected to the same transformer . 
  how is that fair ? 
  and this is only regarding the houses the state wants to bring down . 
  the population supports it . 
  the only one opposed are ofc the gypsies and the fucking eu . 
  this is the stupidest most elitist shit ever . 
  if you see the ghettos they create you would be livid . 
  they are also building houses at parcels that are n't theirs and then move with another 100 of their people leaving the owner in the dry . 
  also they do n't care at all for any building regulations and so on . 
  they are literally building dangerous houses that will fall on their heads . 
  why should laws apply only to regular citizens but not to the `` roma '' . 
  they should default like the population wanted . 
  the amount of debt is unpayable . 
  sure the default will completely fuck their lives for the next 5-10 years but they will come back from it . 
   and a few cases of rape , homicides .
