  here is where you are lost - the population was predominantly slavic . 
  the proto bulgars were a small amount , but yeah they played big part in forming the country . 
  200 years after that under king boris , we unified the two populations under christianity . 
  it was a conversion stemming from the need of unification , it was a conversion not with the goal to remove , but to unify the struggling groups of pagan filth and infighting boljars , it was a conversion to bring us closer to our neighbors . 
  this is the time where boris enrolled the famous byzantian brothers kiril and methodi to create our language that we use today with the introduction of kirilitsa ( that we gave to most of the balkan tribes and russia ) - this is the point where anything turk stops ( 1200 years ago ) to exist and we create the real country bulgaria . 
  one langauge , one religion , one country . 
  today 's bulgarian ethnic and culture has only as much to do with turk culture as was inflicted upon us for 500 years of oppression - mainly food , outside of our turkish minority . 
  i do not feel connection to turkish people or turks simply because i am not one . 
  neither are the majority of my country men . 
  i do not feel connection to the turkish people simply because your people were an oppressor and an invader . 
  i actually quite dislike almost everything turkish . 
  my blood boils when invaders plead victims . 
  when foregin people bring their problems in a land of a welcoming host . 
  my blood boils at the face of extreme hypocrisy . 
  yours should too . 
   nonsense . 
  turkey was a lot more secular than germany before the erdogan akp victory . 
  any hint of religion in parliament was quickly stamped out and enforced by the law very much in a zealous fashion much like france . 
  please educate yourself . 
  compare the average german 's beliefs and the average turks beliefs . 
  ask them both how they feel about gays . 
  ask them both how they feel about abortion . 
  ask them both how they feel about other religions . 
  ask them both how they feel about jews . 
  secular my ass . 
  if it was n't for ataturk trying to pick you from the dirt that is the islamic culture of turkey you would n't even be considered `` the most moderate islamic country '' , which is an oxymoron by itself . 
   even if you felt zero connection to any turkic peoples like azeris ... `` felt '' implies that i am feeling . 
  of which i have none and never did , neither do my father , nor my grandfathers , nor my greatgrandfathers . 
  in fact they fought 3 wars against your country . 
   the fact that you witnessed some innocent human beings attacked by sticks and stones ... should make your blood boil , if you 're a normal human being . 
  no it does n't . 
  millions of people are attacked daily . 
  those stupid enough to bring their problems in a house that they are guests in ( both the azeris and the pkk ) deserve everything they get . 
   the turks integrated to the west much more than any other ethnic groups . 
  they drink alcohol and do n't even pray 5-times a day , which is a lot different than arab/african/iranian immigrants to europe . 
  they 're much more likely to throw away religious beliefs and traditions and assimilate . 
  https://vimeo.com/156718062 here is your tolerance . 
  the only difference between a turk and an arab is turks are more greedy and fearful , as long as they get enough money they will stay down . 
  the second money stops you will turn on the people that welcomed you . 
   azeri and armenians have killed each other since before the 1900s . 
  this is not relevant . 
  armenians massacre people as well , in case you were unaware . 
  prop open a history book about the caucuses sometime . 
  oh i forgot to address this one . 
  are going in the territory where the turks massacred them ? 
  or did that again never happen ? 
  i do n't disagree , but this is a game of hot potato and greece is between a rock and a hard place . 
  it is low to simply want to transfer it , it is also low for the eu to forbid you enforcing extreme measures to halt the inflow . 
  unfortunately this is needed for europe to grow a backbone again . 
  i only hope greece wo n't be the sacrificial lamb for it . 
  he is being sarcastic . 
  look at his post history . 
  it fired tear gas on people trying to illegally pass it 's border while the greek police was nowhere to be found . 
  might have passed over my head . 
  too many arguments at once . 
  they are not . 
  but he is arguing for armenians for some reason . 
  aha , so only pkk is evil , but the blatant offensive by the azeri is an unification effort and strictly according to human rights . 
  the cleansing of armenians from baku was also an unfortunate turn of events . 
  always double speak . 
  always looking for your own interest . 
  always trickling down truth . 
  when civil war erupts , you should look at your hands . 
  edit :  people from a secular country ( azerbaijan ) immigrate to another secular country ( france ) and acquire french citizenship . 
  i do n't see any evil here . 
  azeris are no where near as secular as france . 
  turkey is not even as secular as germany . 
  you are not even as open minded as you think . 
  pkk supporters do n't integrate because they 're radical-left i seem to remember another ethnic that again refuses to assimilate around western and eastern europe . 
   i said french citizens . 
  this is the root of all evil . 
  and this is going to fracture europe so much . 
  you import different ethnics in a country and they are going to sooner or later start banging their heads against one another . 
  for 3000 years different ethnics established different coutnries because they wanted to lvie according to their own understandings . 
  now you have an unprecedented `` multi ehtnical '' society and at just 8 % problems are starting to emerge . 
  this will continue untill every country in the west that has a `` multi cultural '' make up gets torn between the different ethinc . 
  this is why i hate the double speak '' oh but they are french citizens , they should be allowed to protest whatever they want '' . 
  and worst part is you know about it and you hate it . 
  pkk are predominantly citizens of turkey . 
  but they are not integrating because they are a different ethnic . 
  and they will sooner or later split your country . 
  do you really want the same for france ? 
  do you really think this is not hypocritical ? 
   benefit from armenians ' economic contribution it is the armenians that are benefiting from the higher paid jobs in france . 
  how can people be so ungrateful . 
  you go in a foreign country you are allowed to work there . 
  and you still think you are the one giving ? 
  edit : the mermaid pointed out that i might have missed your point , however i stand by my first comment . 
  i will elborate :  it is nice when france benefit from armenians ' economic contribution to france but it is `` import people , import their problems '' when asala bombs airport in paris . 
  i do n't see the armenians protesting . 
  although the same is valid for them , if they start protesting against the azeris ( which they will most likely do now , given the fact that the azeris already did it ) it would be the same . 
  import the people import the problems . 
   organizing a simple protest has nothing to do with ethnic issues nor integration . 
  they are literally protesting in front the armenian embassy . 
  how is that not ethnic tension ? 
  if they are bringing their problems they are not being integrated . 
   you can be a fully-integrated french citizen and support your country of origin , however you must do it in a civilized manner . 
  please . 
  those are not french . 
  they are 1st and 2nd generation azeris .
