   fights isis yeah right . 
  the people in jails respect force . 
  having some bimbo put there to `` educate '' them does nothing . 
  other inmates will still be converted . 
  do you even understand how big of a number 500k people is ? 
  i do n't dare to pretend i know what 1000 people of my culture think let alone 500k . 
  this is extremely delusional and is simply a `` no your propaganda is wrong , mine is better due to feelings '' . 
  you are definitely not discrediting the pew research . 
  baby steps . 
  first start government programs that stimulate emloyers giving less weekly hours to one of the parents in families with children . 
  if in 10 years we can go to one parent full time and another part time ( 20h weekly ) it would be huge . 
  if we start now in 40 years we will fix this . 
  the only feasible way is to transition back to one income payer for family . 
  this system of two working full time parents is so draining on the family and we are feeling it . 
  there is not a single western/east asian country with fertility rate above 2.11 . 
  the current economical model of fast growth ( due to higher work force ) is at the direct expense of the feature and people are too blind to see it . 
  cheap labour , which lowers the salaries around the country during shortages of workers . 
  it 's all business . 
   500000-600000 of the uk 's muslim community , which is around 2800000 i suppose , are from my country , cyprus and none of them would ever answer the questions in that research like that you know how 500 000 would answer that question ? 
  if facebook conducts business in france they should follow local laws . 
  let me sum it up : `` i know the eu is wrong . 
  i know we can solve it . 
  i know that it will work . 
  but we wo n't . '', 
  what you are talking about are international agreements . 
  and as such they can be changed . 
  who is going to enforce them ? 
  turkey ? 
  they do n't give two shits about the refugees . 
  instead of looking for solution you are simply e defeatist that refuses to accept the reality . 
  i bet if there was a law that imposed no breathing policy on every country you would actually say `` well there are restrictions and we all agreed '' . 
  think like a rational person and realize that shooting a few migrants will 100 % solve the problem if you make it a world news . 
  nobody will dare cross the border . 
  it would have actually saved a lot more lives had been done 2 years ago all of those drowned would be alive . 
  all we had to do is shoot 40-50 maybe 10 of them will die . 
  we jsut had to make it world news and nobody would have dared . 
  do you want me to share with you the biggest secret of how bulgaria managed to divert the latest refugee influxes to greece and makedonia ? 
  by being extremely corrupt . 
  our border guards are infamous for stealing shit from them and the migrants started reporting it in their chat groups on fb and messengers . 
  now they wo n't pass trough here unless 100 % necessary . 
  we also ** shot ** one of them , not that we claim it was intentional ( pure coincidence because it ricocheted from 3 walls to hit him and kill him / s ) . 
  of course robbing them is stupid as fuck , because the migrants will soon figure out they could easily make a deal with the corrupt patrols to pay them . 
  but you can bet your ass shooting one of them and making international news made them think at least a bit more about passing trough . 
  or we simply impose strict border control on the outer borders without allowing ourselves to be bullied by a megalomaniac . 
  meaning beatings and shootings which are n't even followed by capture but simply a kick to the other side of the border where they came from . 
  if you are not coming trough an official channel you do n't get to come in . 
  how much of a weak union do you get to be if you need buffer countries to help you guard your own house . 
  and you guys want a federation . 
  stop trying to shift responsibility and simply enforce the god damn rules . 
  if everyone that breaks them is treated better than those that play by them everybody will start breaking them ( which is actually the current case ) . 
  europeans have been so pampered that they actually believe that violence does n't solve anything . 
  nobody is arguing whether crimeans themselves wanted the anexation or not . 
  all i am saying is that russian people approved highly of this . 
  it is hardly surprising putin 's ratings went up . 
  everybody is extremely aggressive when it gets to rationally explaining russia 's motivation . 
   what makes you think there is an embargo on cuba ? 
  are you again [ joking ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_embargo_against_cuba#recent_changes ) ? 
  it lasted more than 50 years and the process of being removed has just started . 
   russia attacking ukraine has made them very much against russia wish hurts them long term . 
  sure it does , but not as much as you expect . 
  unlike cuba ukraine has a very high % of ethnic russians that will support russia . 
  their relationship will recover in time . 
  both countries have too much to lose if it does n't . 
  the biggest threat that ukraine poses on russia is if it destroys the pipelines that pass trough it . 
  but we can be quite sure that both russia and the eu made sure to talk out with them why that should n't be done . 
  again i think there is a major divide during communication between us . 
  i am saying one thing you are interpreting it another way . 
  maybe it is the language barrier and i am not explaining myself properly . 
  you seem to be personally invested in this talk so i will back off . 
  i just want to clear one thing :  georgia have pro-russian goverment so there is like 0 % chance of escalation . 
  i did n't mean russian invasion . 
  i mean an escalation due to the very improbable conflict between russia and turkey ( this is why i said turkey 's next step is very important ) . 
  georgia might become a state that is made to choose between one or the either which will hurt it economically . 
  just make no mistake , putin is not doing anything randomly no matter what he says . 
  he is not an idiot that `` flips a coin '' . 
  nato gives the freedom of allied countries to stand ground against russia . 
  every country that joins nato is a country that russia ca n't simply bully . 
  this is bad for their business . 
  especially if you are so heavily invested in exporting and depend on other countries for passage . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=el_09mazzs8 ) is a very good explanation of the geopolitical game russia is playing . 
  geographical : russia is a huge territory surrounded by a large amount of countries . 
  to effectively protect itself it relies on developing buffer zones where all of the conflict is drawn to . 
  this way it takes away from the load it would take if it was controlling every single one . 
  for ex . 
  european border with russia is a very wide one . 
  it is impossible to defend such border without stretching your force thin . 
  to prevent that russia tries to establish political and economical control of states that could lower the border 's land length - hence they need belarus , ukraine and the baltics to wedge it inside the eu . 
  this is why they are pissed that the baltics joined nato . 
  this is the reason they are constantly flexing muscle near them . 
  the more nato pushes the more it makes russia stretch its forces . 
  instead of focusing its defenses on a small position it has to be present everywhere in a landline of several thousand km . 
  this is both extremely expensive and extremely ineffective . 
  economical : 3 of the largest pipelines of russia pass trough ukraine . 
  these pipelines ensure russian monopoly over fossil fuels in europe . 
  ukraine demanded very low prices for fuels because of that . 
  and most of the time they got either loans from russia or reduced prices . 
  leaving them to join nato might put ukraine out of the russian political influence , meaning they will get to decide whether they stop the pipes for all of europe or not . 
  you can imagine how the market will react if russian gas starts stopping . 
  your point was that even if ukraine changes regimes russia would be able to hold its base because of the lease ? 
  and you gave cuba as an example of that ?
