  the only thing that seems to smother the tension is talking about food ( but is absolutely forbidden to discuss on how to make the best carbonara ), 
  problem is , we are different countries sometimes with different and opposing interests , so there 's no way italy will share their databases with france if france may take advantage from it . 
   it 's too expensive for real , though . 
  i 've been to geneva lately and i felt like a hobo . 
   turin i 'll come to each one of you bropeans and drag you to turin and * make you like it *, 
  let it be uk , france has this reeeeally bad habit of not giving back stuff ... 
  did you ever put seatbelts on when you took a coach ? 
  oh please ... 
  italy has made this decision in order to support its own economy , not in order to show support for any military action, 
  yeah and in italy who brought the `` red hairs '' phenotype if not longbards and normans ? 
  i do n't think it was a form of honoring them , rather a way to refer to them , just as if you called an african `` black '' . 
  it was the latin people who interacted with the langobards who called them `` rossi '' , not that they called themselves like this . 
   the longobards were never referred as reds that 's quite a bold statement . 
  i do n't have sources to claim the validity of my idea , if not [ this ] ( http://www.paginebianche.it/cognome/rossi.htm ) and [ this ] ( http://bighipert.blogspot.it/2014/06/onomastica-lorigine-del-cognome-rossi.html ) and a bit of my own knowledge , but the fact that surnames appeared a lot after the langobards reign does n't mean anything , since a lot of surnames derive even from roman famliy names . 
  apart from that , according to you what 's the origin of rossi ? 
  english way of ruling was slightly different : you can stay as long as you do n't interfere with the empire . 
  but they had their share of genocides : look for the boer or kenyan/kikuyu concentration camps , or the 1943 bengal famine . 
  no , it just has the guts to stand against the european decisions , for once, 
   what would be the benefit for me . 
  if your country would be damaged by helping us out , i 'm pretty sure it would find an excuse not to help us . 
  `` rossi '' dates back to the longobards invasion of the upper peninsula . 
  red colored hairs are really uncommon for latins , while it was more common for the barbarians/germanic people , and the first distinctive tract they could see on the invasors . 
  so since longobards were referred as `` reds '' and reigned on almost all of italy for 2 centuries , you can see why that name is so common . 
  i bet that if russians slaughtered all ukraines and substituted them with russians , they would have great relations as well, 
  stop it . 
  the attack on paris was symbolic towards our values . 
  terrorists targeted everyone of us europeans when they did that . 
  so we felt really involved . 
  the kurds terrorists do n't care about europeans : when they attack ankara , they target the turkish people and their values . 
  how can i be emotionally involved in this ? 
  sure , i 'm sorry and i really hope it will stop eventually , but you can not pretend we go all `` charlie ebdo '' on this . 
  guys the viruses thet give the flu and the bacteria that cause pneumonia actually replicate better in a cold environment ( 33-34 \u00b0 c ) , when you expose your upper respiratory tract to cold , the bacteria ( that are already there , btw ) replicate like crazy and end up in the lungs . 
  i never heard about the relation between cold-meningitis , but it could be a misconception as streptococcus pneumoniae and haemophilus influenzae can cause either pneumonia or meningitis . 
  so , wear a jacket or you 'll catch a cold . 
  well i 've never seen an emu , but if it 's anything similar to an ostrich , the only thing scarier and angrier than an emu would be a bigger emu . 
  a good chunk ? 
  this extreme self-flailing only makes people more entitled to make fun of italians . 
  you do n't ever hear any brit making fun of having their ass served to them during the first anglo-boer war , or americans making puns about being a superpower beaten by a bunch of vietcong . 
  one thing is making fun of themselves , one thing is taking part in a circlejerk that involves your own country, 
  prussianball, 
  obviously the only one to dig it up is an italian ... 
  . . nazi ? 
  wtf ? 
  til siberia is an university, 
  crimes happen all the time , ok . 
  but the problem is that media are trying to hide them now . 
  scandinavian and german police forces really need to get their shit together , btw . 
  pastafarians merely adopted pasta ... 
   tens of billions of revenue like germany ( except fiat ) , what about ferrero in piedmont ? 
  the article you cited does n't even report what he actually said , if not some chosen word re-interpreted by the interviewer . 
  and the other one you linked could say anything since it 's in a language i do n't understand . 
  i bet most of the people who upvoted you did n't even bother to check what you linked . 
  this is how the press distorts the informations , good on you for doing the same . 
  yes , it was the name of his * gens * , as there were also * gens septima * ( seventh ) , * gens quinta * ( fifth ) among many others, 
   charles 's paternal grandfather , charles ii of naples , made charles 's uncle , robert , heir to the kingdom of naples even though robert was a younger brother of charles 's father . 
  i 'm feeling dizzy, 
  that 's something i did n't know . 
  was it a good king ? 
  so you agree with me when i say that there are phonetic similarities between italian and finnish ? 
  i do n't think so , but i think that the finnish pronounce of words is similar to the italian one , and there are some words that , even if not with the same translation , have a meaning in italian . 
  since a lot of those names are the same of the italian correspondent , i bet they will be something similar to * galles * and * scozia *, 
  you know we italians are lazy , right ? 
  well we apparently did ' t want to make any effort to name our children in the past , and this led to * primo * : first , given to the first born * secondo * : second ( terzo , quarto , quinto , sesto and settimo which i never personally heard ) * ottavio * : eighth i have to say these names are pretty rare lately, 
  well italy was born in 1861 , but look how much they fucked up the name, 
  [ she also looks like the long lost sister of the mayor of my city ] ( http://www.nuovasocieta.it/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/fassino.jpg ) i suspect they 're both some kind of velociraptor, 
  maybe she has really short arms . 
  maybe she 's a t-rex . 
  no wait if she was a t-rex she would n't have got stabbed . 
  scrap that . 
  malta calm the fuck down, 
  hey i 'm slightly offended . 
  turin is a baroque masterpiece , it 's full of history and interesting places . 
  we even have the holy shroud ffs . 
  it feels hilariously funny : we 're not * weak * , we 're `` omg italy are you even trying ?!, 
  you 're sooo weak '', 
  how can you possibly bribe an entire revolting population ? 
  well those are actually from the vatican ... you want them as well ? 
  gift package !, 
  hey hey do n't play smart with me , they came from your place . 
  i saw you leaving them by the door . 
  take them back , they 're tearing the whole place down, 
  that 's already done . 
  we could rebuild the roman empire with all the gypsies that are in rome . 
  what about you ? 
  you want them dude ? 
  fair price , i swear, 
  yeah about those gypsies ... any interest in taking them back ? 
  as someone who goes to friends in the south during the summer , i know that feeling . 
  edit : merry christmas , northern neighbour , 
  scotland behave or i 'll have to tell england to turn your power off, 
  we have to thanks india for that . 
  they started recklessly using enormous amounts of antibiotics long ago , even if it was n't needed . 
  hey fuck you too , buddy . 
  we 're not talking about facts , but theories , so there is not a real `` source '' if not articles written by independent press . 
  the fact that there is a project to create a [ qatar-turkey pipeline ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qatar-turkey_pipeline ) is real as well as the refusal to let it pass through syria by assad . 
  about the us founding this project and trying to depose assad in order to weaken russia 's gas monopoly in europe and get a share on the incomes of the new line ... well that 's pure speculation of mine . 
  i just do n't believe in this alleged fight for democracy and freedom . 
  i did n't call the us evil . 
  i do n't give feelings to countries . 
  and just to be clear , nobody in the world wants peace , sweety .
