  the mayor issued someone to cut any locks on the bridge every 6 months or so , until they stopped doing it . 
  and of sorrento . 
  and mainly that one spot of it . 
  no man i do n't know how i could live without zubrowka, 
  yeah , nice example . 
  it 's kind of the same thing . 
  imagine russia starting military drills and reinforcing their army because austria declared war on italy to get back south-tirol . 
  that would be kinda silly , would n't it ? 
  * european country * there are many reasons why the invasion of crimea could have been foreseen , becuase russia always considered crimea part of its territory , or the many russian minorities that wanted their independence , or the need for a big military base in the black sea . 
  moreover , that war is already seriously damaging russian economy . 
  what would you think would happen if europe , its main economical partner , would embargo completely it ? 
  this `` russia is the enemy '' is just plain propaganda, 
  media usually are left leaning and will always try to push towards that direction with anything they can find . 
  oh god , again . 
  guys . 
  use your fucking head and tell me why the hell would russia try to invade * any * european country . 
  they had a culture we stomped on , the fact that we did n't appreciate some of their costumes does n't mean we were allowed to kill and deport them all . 
  at that time , we still used to burn people that did n't believe in god , is it any different from the ritual sacrifices ? 
  the idea of being on the right side and making the `` good war '' to export freedom and technological advance is wrong in my opinion , back then as well as now . 
  neither does the us . 
  the ttip for example was refused because all of europe showed to be unanimously against it . 
  the only difference is that russia does not have military bases on european soil . 
   it 's anything more than plain business , mostly benefiting investors/major companies no . 
  pakistan has nuclear warheads , us wants them to have a good military in order to not succumb to rebel forces . 
  about egyptian and israel , go read something about camp david agreements because , just like those dumb commenters , you sound like someone who does n't know anything and still talks . 
  about your rant on not using the carriers : why the hell would have we used the aircarriers during the lybian war , lybia is a spit away from italian coasts . 
  and about the war in syria , our participation in the war is really limited , as it should be , and we sent * four * tornado to bomb just iraq , as we refused to bomb syria . 
  would you move an aircarrier for * four * airplanes ? 
  that would be stupid . 
  we 're not intervening in the syrian war because * we * do n't want to . 
  it 's not like nato does n't want us , and we have the power to make them respect our decision . 
  having those carriers idle is better than having none . 
  because if ever some european country needs to use one , they either ask france , or ask us . 
  we could 've even had them nuclear powered , but thanks to some idiotic people that voted against nuclear power plants we did n't . 
  the same people that now complains that we have no political power and have to buy energy from russia . 
  i guess i can thank you as well for that vote , ca n't i ? 
  you 're like those dumb people in a thread about where the us military and economic aid is sent , who kept on saying `` why are we giving half a billion $ to pakistan ? 
  with that money we could build a giant bridge !! '', 
  or `` think of all the taxes we could cut if we spent the budget we give to egypt and israel for us . . '' projected power is even more important than the actual one . 
  having two aircarriers ( and a shitload of other combat-ready ships ) means we are , besides france , the most influential navy in the mediterranean and in the eu , and that translates itself in more decisional power over important geopolitical issues . 
  the same applies to our military , which is one of the most modernized on the planet . 
  as bad as it sounds , money invested in the military is well-invested money , as the us proves . 
  many of the issues you talk about are due to people like you that all they can do is complain and lay around moping, 
  hey , totally ot : i always thought you guys considered yourselves of celtic descent more than latin , as many north-western italians do . 
  anyway , as also our spaniard bros tend to be really self-loathing , i think that yes , it must be a latin thing ( but , you know , they say that the more intelligent you are , the more self-criticism you have , so ... ), 
  `` chi ti paga '' - `` who 's paying you ? '', 
  as in `` whose payroll are you on to spread this political propaganda ? '', 
  usually , nice things that can make italians proud are not advertised in our country . 
  oh please stop it with this paranoid idea that putin wants to wage war on europe and on the rest of the world . 
  they 're one of the most useful economical partner we have ( especially for italy and germany ) as we are to them . 
  what would they fight for ? 
  there are no resources in europe . 
  c'mon stop with this american-cold war era propaganda already . 
   those that where against mussolini disbanded after his arrest um what ? 
  you do realize that after the armistice in 1943 mussolini kept on fighting with the rsi right ( he escaped from the prison in september ) ? 
  many partisan groups , as badogliani , were formed * right * after 8th september ' 43 . 
   you stated that they where all defeated in '44 nope . 
  i said that most of them were killed , taken prisoner or hid , and was n't for the allies the fascist would have been successful with their anti-guerrilla tactics . 
  once the americans took control of the situation , partisans came out to carry on their personal revenge on what was left of the republican army . 
  giampaolo pansa 's `` il sangue dei vinti '' is a good read , if you think i 'm making up history , and since you 're up to nice old personal insults , i 'd suggest you add a good english grammar book to the shelf to level up your game . 
  as usual , someone 's not agreeing on the `` partisans were heroes , repubblicans were viles '' narrative is suddendly a fascist . 
  if you knew even a little bit about the civil war more than the stuff you 've been fed by someone even worse informed than you , you 'd know that partisan brigades were more than active during ' 44 , '45 till 1948 . 
  i undestand it 's a not well known part of history , since the good boys ( aka the partisans ) made a really bad image out of themselves , and do n't like to talk about it . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you about that , i 'm just inviting you to read more about that period , before saying stuff on internet . 
  just to make an emblematic example , so even a dumbass like you can follow through : during operation barbarossa , italians were awfully equipped . 
  there were even some cavalry regiments . 
  well one of these cavalry regiments ( 700 horsemen ) found themeselves facing the russians entrenched one day , at isbuscenskij . 
  without artillery support or anything , they simply decided to charge at the russians , all 2.500 of them , and won . 
  the italian army had many glorious moments . 
  sadly they 've been forgotten because history is written by the victors . 
  as of now , 18 billion dollars , something like 1,3 % of gdp . 
  in the last years there have been serious cuts to the military ( in 2008 the military expense was 44 billion $ ... ) but we still maintain the [ second biggest land military in europe ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union ) and one of the biggest navy ( two out of the three european aircarriers are italian ) and airforce . 
  you sure have been brainwashed by the old partisans have n't you ? 
  all the source you could provide about alleged trains full of jews ( c'mon , that 's straight up partisan propaganda ) and village raidings and the children killings was wikipedia ? 
  read fenoglio , pavese , ( both partisans , btw ) pansa . 
  then come back talking about these `` bravest guys '' . 
  the partisan brigades almost got wiped out by san marco and monterosa divisions by the end of ' 44 , was n't for the allies , they would n't have had their share of `` glory '' at the end of the conflict . 
  they did n't help much during the invasion , it 's the other way around , actually . 
  fields all along northern italy are full of unnamed graves of fighters of rsi that got abducted by american prisons by partisans and tortured and killed . 
  but keep on talking about the `` kneecap shooting to kill the children '' story , maybe someone still believes you . 
  according to your writing , i suppose you 're young . 
  please , please read more unbiased books about the civil war . 
  more history , less reddit for you . 
  because we have one of the best equipped and biggest navy , army and aviation in all of europe , maybe ? 
   do n't be fooled by their lifestyle that 's the way they live , they nonetheless have enough money to live adequately without having to do any kind of work ( honest work , at least ) . 
  full of gypsies with porche , audi and bmw here , or gold rings and necklaces . 
  gypsies are really fucking rich . 
  do n't be fooled by their lifestyle . 
  san marino should chill out already . 
  remember that time * radio 105 * mockingly started the `` let 's invade san marino '' campaign , claiming they could take it just with their facebook followers , and san marino got all stingy and made them stop ? 
  bad pizzas that tend to be too hot and too thin have to be eaten with cutlery . 
  actually as long as the pizza is good , nobody gives a damn about how you put it in your mouth . 
  i 've seen the weirdest ways ( people cutting out all the crust before eating , people eating the centre as first and then the rest , people folding all the pizza in four and eating it like a big cr\u00eapes . . ), 
  sir i 'll have to ask you to hand over your italian cuisine license and your scolapasta and leave . 
  try the `` suicide rate per year '' chart or the `` cost of goddamn alcohol '' one . 
  they 're just young and with few bonds . 
  and that 's good because turin was getting fucked by the san paolo ( bank ) - fiat-fassino ( former mayor ) entente . 
  the right wing is on an all-time low in italy , so these guys are the only people than can challenge the monopoly of the democratic party . 
  just let them grow . 
  since when we 're not ?
