theories are black and white . 
  they propose something , and the scientific method applies to theories . 
  those things you 're talking about are totally off-topic . 
  that 's arrogant then . 
  you presume to know the truth , just like religions do, 
  they could have developed values , but not necessarily * those * values . 
  about ... what ? 
  just think of how different would be the nations that once were colonies if they did n't get influenced by europeans, 
  at that time , not being completely aligned with the christian doctrine meant being against it . 
  but that 's my opinion and i do n't get why you and some other people got salty about it . 
  tell me , what are the european values in your opinion ? 
  i wrote the values we are thought . 
  it does n't mean they are the values that * all * europeans follow . 
  how it only partially applies to , say , my country ? 
  where europeans went brought their values with them , not necessarily to share them with the natives . 
  after the colonial era ended , the now free nations decided to adopt those values . 
  i do n't think india or the us would be like they are now without the europea inluence, 
  [ ah yes we also tried something like that a while ago . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/children%27s_crusade ) it did n't work out that well though . 
  i thought it was a word in english . 
  in italian the age of enlightenment is referred as * illuminismo * ( that sort of means enlightenment ) so i used it with that meaning, 
  the strenght of illuministic ideas was that of confuting the religious predominance and the values that came before them . 
  and it worked , as i think the christian values ( pietas , rejection of homosexuality or non marital sex , patriarchy and so on ) got diluted over time , much more than those things i said . 
   a lot of these `` values '' you mention did n't even become * de rigueur * until the latter half of the 20th i concede you that i added the self-determination that is not an illuministic concept and was introduced after ww2, 
  absolutely not . 
  i did n't say `` imposition of the scientific method '' . 
  you can respect the christian idea that god created the universe , but at the same time you can * believe * in the big bang , because there are more proofs on the latter than on the former . 
  if one day there will be more proofs about the god theory , according to the scientific method it will be considered the `` best theory about that matter '' . 
  there are not ideas better than others , just theories more accreditated than others, 
  every value is universal then . 
  social disparity is universal . 
  racism or denigrating women are . 
  i think you did n't understand what the question was even about . 
  if not , please answer it and tell what values are exclusive to the europeans, 
  you 're like that one guy in classroom complaining about the 7/10 he got while i 'm there panicking on my 3 and thinking of ways to avoid the apocalypse that awaits me at home, 
  ok , but we got to export those ideals as well, 
   they 're abstract values are not abstract ? 
   and universal no , they 're not . 
  the arab world has a whole different set of values that clash with ours in almost every aspect . 
  the `` asian '' world ( ok you get what i mean ) and the tribal african/australian/south american etc as well . 
  split between religion and state is not as obvious and universal as you would think , or the man-woman equality . 
  as i said , those values would n't be universal if europeans would n't have gone through the whole world spreading them . 
  i think the values brought by the age of enlightenment sums them up pretty well : liberty from tyrannies and religions , tolerance , promotion of science and the scientific method , respect of other beliefs , equality between males and females of all social classes and the right of self-determination . 
  during the colonization these values influenced all the world , but europe 's where they were born . 
  / pol / has almost become a swedish satire board , though . 
  i wo n't ever get people like you . 
  islamic values are xenophobic/christianophobic/racist and sexist but they 're ok . far left parties are fundamentalists which only desire is to annihilate anyone who does n't think like them , but they 're ok . and then there 's the far right parties . 
  i 'm sure you do n't even know what , say , one far right party of my country proposes or its political agenda , and still you try to smear shit on it . 
  it 's also the italian national `` flower '' , btw . 
  it 's because during the various phases of its maturation it goes from white to green and finally to red . 
  it 's made so bad that they did n't even get the rank correct . 
  italian police does n't have the lt. 
  colonel rank , and the uniform that alleged colonel has is not the police 's one , but it 's the guardia di finanza one . 
  i 'd ask the mods to remove this shit if i knew how . 
  edit : done, 
  berlusconi 's advantage was that he was was a really charismatic leader and had some powerful bonds with russia and libya . 
  thanks to him italy has been able to conclude some good commercial pacts . 
  now gheddafi is gone and russia 's being sanctioned , so guess what ? 
  the ones paying for it are us italians , and obviously nobody 's giving a shit about renzi asking to remove the embargo from russia . 
  right wing is splintered , left is too weak to pass any reform that could change anything without losing its slim majority , and then ion the middle there are those m5s dumbnuts . 
  this country 's stalling and it 's looking worse everyday , but berlusconi was bad because bunga bunga and rubygate amirite ? 
  that 's not true , and how can you say that ? 
  i bet you 've seen like , one street dirty in venice and rushed to your conclusions . 
  besides , northern italy was heavily bombed during ww2 , and a lot of stuff had to be re-built during the poverty years that followed the war . 
  so some places are n't really eyepleasing , but surely this `` cleaner and better maintained '' thing that you said came straight out of your ass . 
  you probably took the train once and got lucky if no ticket collector showed up . 
  ah , you 're going for the easy gossip i see . 
  i 'd actually like you to explain to me what were the economical and political maneuvers that berlusconi did to damage italy . 
  yet the country run better then than now . 
  our pm has not the influence or the connections berlusconi had . 
  it 's some kind of puppet that does not bother anyone , and that 's why he 's where he is and our country is burning to ashes, 
  i see a future for this verb : `` no dude tonight i drive , i think i 'll muslim this beer '', 
  i was not talking about effectiveness . 
  you can take it on fifth day and still have good chances the egg wo n't adhere the endometrium . 
   and you have 72 hours ( 3 days ) to take it , not 5 no . 
  [ five days ] ( http://ec.princeton.edu/questions/ectime.html ) is the timeframe . 
  i took a random website , but you can find it anywhere . 
   as the hours pass , the pill 's effectiveness decreases no . 
  it 's just that after the fifth day the fertilized egg makes its way into the endometrium and progesteron is no more effective . 
   there are many things that can bite into that time i do n't get this expression . 
  you mean like , `` a lot of things could happen in five days '' ? 
  well of course . 
  but you can take here in italy as example . 
  we have that pill under prescription , and it 's not a big issue . 
  people just use more condoms/contraceptive pill , and if shit happens you call your medic in the morning and he 'll write you the prescription . 
  if you consider the convenience side of this , i 'd say it 's not something to worry for . 
  if you consider the political side , well that 's a whole different issue . 
   the efficacy of those pills is in hours yes , if you count five days in hours [ 120hrs ] ( http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs244/en/ ) the name `` morning-after pill '' is misleading and should not be used, 
  there 's a time window of five days of effectiveness of the levonorgestrel . 
  i think it 's enough time to call your medic and have it prescribed to you . 
  in my opinion it 's not wrong because it encourages using less damaging contraceptives , as iuds and condoms or even the pill . 
  do you know what you 're talking about or just like to jump on the outraged train ? 
  what 's wrong in asking for prescription for a drugs that seriously change the hormonal assets of your body ? 
  the day-after pill ( levonorgestrel ) is a progestinic bomb that messes up the body , it 's like taking a shot of insuline after you ate too much cake . 
  it 's not wrong to regulate its assumption for girls that do not know that . 
  guys finally found something to criticize evil poland for . 
   people did not learn from 9/11 that a hardline attitude does n't work why not ? 
  what other big terroristic attack has been made in us after the american hard response ? 
  arabs are already marginalized by * their own choice * , and despite us trying to integrate them or not , they 're always going to put islam over laws . 
  everything is set back to the political stall of the years of lead , lots of shootings and hate .
