  nice to see the grumpy northerners butthurt . 
  gives you tea and biscuits when you visit . 
  it 's not only what the teachers tell you . 
  schools give you the instruments to educate and inform yourself . 
  while your argument has somewhat a meaning for the high schools education , universities are an eterogeneous world where people confront their ideas and form new ones every day . 
  that 's not good for oligarchies/theocracies/etc . 
  for obvious reasons . 
   shutting down educational establishments , banning foreign travel for academics and forcing university heads of faculty to resign you know a ruling party is on the wrong side when he sees education as an enemy . 
  really hope so . 
  call me naive but using brute force to impose your government over the one chosen by the democracy is n't fine . 
  maybe you 're referring to coups that overthrew other dictators , i do n't know , i can not think of any `` good '' coup . 
  to maybe replace it with a more islamist dictator . 
  coups are never for the better ... 
  i do n't think this map is keeping track of all the hunting rifles almost every family in the rural parts of italy has, 
  * he who eats two pizze is n't crazy , crazy is he who gives them to him * are you . . are you sure about that ? 
  that would make a lot more sense if i knew what a banichka is , brother . 
  1016 participants does n't look like much in a country with 60 mln inhabitants , and i do n't find the cities where they made the interviews : it could make a huge difference having them done in milan rather than in rome, 
  i do n't think these polls are really reliable , as i 've never heard of them in italy and probably are just compiled by a small , unrepresentative part of my country, 
  what ? 
  ehi mr `` smarter than you '' , your name is wrong , it should be `` la meglio giovent\u00f9 '', 
  surveys are based on opinions and do n't mean anything if not the average mood of the people . 
  also , when do they do these kind of surveys and why i never ever got `` interviewed '' ? 
  swiss take very seriously the butt-walking issue . 
  black blocks . 
  the cancer of every protest, 
  many people tend to stretch the term `` racism '' to anything they find against their ideals, 
  i do n't think op does n't know who the pope is, 
   just why ? 
  that reiterated map logo screams `` we 're here !, 
  we 're a real country !, 
  see ? 
  we even have boundaries ! '', 
  what ? 
  the heavy industries are in the po valley , blocked by the alps . 
  there 's not much airflow there and we still get to have only two cities on the chart . 
  it would be nice to adopt the australian system . 
  problem is , in italy but i 'm sure it happens in every other european country , that the reception centres where the refugees/migrants are stuffed when they arrive are subsidized by the state , and the contractors of these centres make a shitload of money for every single migrant they accomodate . 
  so nobody apart from us citizens and those unaware migrants wants to change anything . 
  yeah , gen. cadorna really digged the `` clog the enemy lines with italian poor brave souls '' approach . 
  sadly on the 12th battle of the isonzo he run low on prosciutto to throw . 
   fairly substantiated argument for italy . 
  it 's probably to include the war on the alps ( apparently the us engaged a whole regiment on the gebirgskrieg ), 
   just to save money well . 
  is it really `` just '' ? 
  just as italy , i guess you guys drink espresso as we do . 
  would this chart adjust by `` efficiency '' of the coffee drank instead of only considering the weight , i think we would fair a lot better , 
   the bridge is closed on the brazilian side  on the french side there is a border checkpoint ( fcp ) with three government controls `` from a scale from 1 to * oyapock river bridge patroller * , how useless is your job ? '', 
   lmao what do you even know about my degree of civic engagement ? 
  i may be ill informed , but last time i checked there was n't any oceanic protest about corruption going on in front of montecitorio . 
  * my * attitude is the one to be mocked at ? 
  if you 're really so angry at corruption and unemployement and so on , go make a protest as the romanians are doing right now , or shut the fuck up for good . 
  there 's no use for your whines in here . 
   first people talking shit about your country are the talians sadly , that 's the problem . 
  this made many foreingers feel entitled to talk shit about us as well , leading to an insane amount of circlejerking that you do n't find about other countries . 
  ( i 'd live the hell out of spain btw :d ), 
  that 's exactly what i was talking about . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  any country has its problems , butyou do n't see them always crying everywhere about it . 
  suck it up and start trying to make things better , this negative attitude does n't help . 
  we 're one of the most economically and industrially advanced countries on earth , we have lots and lots of good qualities , yet you 're only able to talk about negative stuff . 
  more than an inferiority complex , many italians have a sense of inferiority , and there 's a big difference from the two . 
  americans who always feel the need to show how much they are powerful , rich or big have an inferiority complex . 
  italians , on the other side , always try to find something to complain about and that makes them feel `` worse '' . 
  anyway , i 'm really sick of this self deprecating people as well, 
  everyone talk shit about our country , but mainly because we let them do it . 
  i 'm waiting for that one italian commenting with `` hey for once we 're not last lol ! '', 
  sure israeli hold grudges for a loong time if they still see us as the invaders or those who killed jc . 
  you know what ? 
  you damn phoenicians used to ruin our commerce so fuck you too !, 
  you and your low prices, 
  ooh that looks good !, 
  but no , they still like cheese , but more melted , [ fondue style ] ( http://blog.giallozafferano.it/colcuoreincucina/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/fonduta-nuova-3.jpg ) , and beef with polenta . 
  because basically it 's the queb\u00e8c of italy, 
  almost 500 years , and before them it was owned by pisa , and by the lombards before that . 
  just a bit, 
  but that 's in a different area , not even in sicily, 
  there 's always that one idiot in the comments, 
   islam has been present in europe since the moors invaded spain ( 1300 years ago ) as you highlited , moors * invaded * spain , islam has always been seen as an antagonist by europeans . 
  i 'm not saying you have to be christian to be european , but christianity has brought values that binds us all together . 
  the most important moments in european history ( reconquista , battle of poitiers , siege of vienna , battle of lepanto ) have been victories against muslims , and turks : we see them as important because had we lost , we probably would have lost what makes us europeans . 
   many turks have european ancestry . 
  many us americans have as well , that 's not enough to qualify them as europeans . 
  all of them , plus history . 
  and turkey has none of them related to europe . 
  russia , well , it at least shares religion , culture and ethnicity with us . 
  still , exposing facts and let them be interpreted by people is not propaganda . 
  and still , i do n't get why are the russian the ones blamed for it . 
  but that 's exactly what the clinton foundation did with the control the record stuff , and the republicans before them . 
  what kind of propaganda are you referring to ? 
  that 's just exposing facts , hard to call it propaganda . 
  i do n't know . 
  do hungary , poland , romania etc speak russian to you ? 
  dumbass, 
  i feel that in europe there 's much more american propaganda than russian . 
  movies , documentaries , books , videogames , newspapers . 
  it 's probably because here are sold the same things targeted at an american audience , so i believe this manipulation attempt happens also in the us . 
  no european would have so many opinions about every single state . 
  i smell a * spy *, 
  i was curious about polizia di stato actually, 
  for civil officers you 're talking about polizia ?
