  polizia is not armed in pisa ? 
  but to be fair , here in piedmont even vigili urbani are armed , so that 's probably why i 've never seen any of them drinking while on service . 
  no officer would be so stupid to risk its career over a glass of wine where i live . 
  never seen one doing so anyway . 
   piedmont hardly productive tell that to fiat , ferrero , avio , italgas , lavazza , martini & rossi ... i could go on, 
  we have them already in many cities dude . 
   states ah , i wish we were a confederation . 
  sadly , it 's only a region . 
  however , yes . 
  i think that ahead of lombardy there 's only aosta valley as per capita income, 
  of course it would be an american the one offended by something, 
  i just hope you 're ironical . 
  ... with its own disinformation campaign . 
  way to go , guys . 
  i do n't agree with mr sweirden here , but i do think you could have done a better job collecting good pictures of that city , op . 
  we in northern italy have a city which name can be translated to `` may you have fat '' ( abbiategrasso ) . 
  always made me smile . 
  i do n't know enough about football , but i 'm pretty sure that bribery plays an important role also in the english , spanish , french and german leagues . 
  the fact that it 's less exposed just means that we 're doing a better job investigating it . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  every country had organized crime even before italians came to teach it to it . 
  but that was set in the us ... 
  and how does someone from netherlands possibly know ? 
  that 's your assumption and is wrong . 
  problem is police can not do anything to stop these guys . 
  there 's no law that prevents you from asking money to people . 
  why those gipsies would want to share the money with police ? 
  you 're just assuming stuff about things that you do n't know . 
  but keep up the italian bashing if that makes you feel better about your country . 
  so you 're saying organized crime exhists only in italy ? 
  we 're just giving a name to it and to the ones fighting it . 
  actually italians deep fry pizza too , it 's called * calzone fritto * and it 's damn good . 
  do n't know about the english version though, 
  can somebody explain to me why all this people thinks italy is corrupted ? 
  or at least more corrupted than their own country ? 
   corruption , crisis , politics , media and others have done to the population . 
  so just like any other country . 
  the difference is only on how you face these problems . 
  crying in front of foreigners wo n't be of any help for our situation . 
  well to be fair , the most famous croatian cities were built by italians . 
  i would hope so . 
  no sane italian goes to small cramped villages during turist season, 
   a very good navy . 
  well according to wiki they have 4 patrol vessels and a corvette , soo ... not that strong , i guess . 
  oh yes , in fact italy was the one who wanted to declare war on fucking libya and create all this shitstorm . 
  not france or the us . 
  italy that had deals with ghaddafi to stop the immigration on his coasts and deals for good prices for oil but no , it totally wanted to destroy all of it , while france closes its ports , the eu fines us for taking them back and even the goddamn irish navy brings migrants to our shores . 
  we.brought.it.to.ourselves . 
  right ? 
  i hope we get to smuggle as many migrants to france because if there 's one country that is acting like a bitch , and deserves it , that 's it . 
  finestra , ponte ... of all the languages , welsh was not one of those that i thought was so related to latin . 
  as in italian 90 % ammazzare il tempo e 10 % tempo di ammazzare interesting how welsh amser and italian ammazzare are similar , though . 
  i do n't think it 's coincidence . 
  not everybody has jamon serrano at the supermarket dude . 
  to some people having an aperitivo with falanghina , prosciutto di parma , crudo , cotto and bread with olive cream is not everyday 's life . 
  are you suggesting to bomb msf ships ? 
  are you fucking stupid ? 
  how do you stop an ngo exactly ? 
  that 's how you get people voting to get out of eu . 
  this crisis just shows how european states are unable to cooperate and at the first sign of a problem everybody 's like : `` not my problem bro , now get off my lawn '' . 
  because mamma europe does n't like it and already scolded us for that . 
  hypocrite . 
  instead we get not only the shit from the po but also all the shit they throw in the water from montenegro on . . 
   so it 's quite ironic that they feel they can joke about the military nation that has dominated them at some point in their history . 
  oh please any european country has dominated over any other one sometime in its history . 
  our history is a millennial gang bang so this makes hardly a point . 
  first highways , first high speed railways . 
  we just love speeding in italy . 
  golden ratio was known since the babilonians . . 
  til that we have a shitload of canadairs . 
  wikipedia is a bit confusing but ... do we have the biggest cl-415 fleet in the world ( after canada ) ? 
  not clear what happened . 
  some say a banger , some say that a steel barrier fell under the weight of too many people standing on it . 
  anyway , something made a lot of noise and people panicked . 
  nearly 400 apparently . 
  luckily , they 're all green codes ( bruised knees , sprained ankles and cuts from glass and such ) , but there are 4 red codes ( so death threatenig injuries ) also . 
  are the news outlets outside of italy also reporting of what 's going on in turin ( false alarm of terrorist attack , big stampede in a square where people were watching the match ) ? 
  clearly this london thing takes the first place , but seems weird that the turin thing got totally overshadowed, 
  does it ? 
  that 's cool . 
  never thought of it . 
  til, 
  answer , instead of writing sterile puns . 
  and please cite articles from good sources , not from `` russiaisbadguy.com '' or so, 
  right on . 
  always a pleasure to have a mature discussion on reddit . 
  i know it was a joke , but lately reddit is getting rather aggressive towards italy for fuck knows the reason , and i 'm a bit stingy about these clich\u00e8 . 
   about unhealed wounds the civil war did n't end with the fall of fascism in 1945 : partisans started a witch-hunt towards any presumed fascist or religious figure that could threat their egemony in the immediate postwar . 
  the murder of thousands of people for the most ridiculous reasons lead to a very tense situation that exploded in the `` lead years '' ( late '60s - early '80s ) where fascist terrorist organizations ( `` nar '' are the most known ) started to retaliate against communists ( `` brigate rosse '' ) and civilians , also . 
  after the lead years these groups were disbanded , but extremist fringes from both parts still survive , and , even if they do n't kill each other any more , they do n't hesitate to beat the shit out of one another everytime they have an opportunity . 
  also , historical revisionism has started making its way in italian culture lately , shedding light to many unspoken atrocities partisans did during the civil war , re-opening the discussion and the protests from the partisan organization . 
  ok if you really want to be pedantic , then italy did not actually change sides during ww2 as you claimed . 
  it is much more complicated than that : badoglio and other fascist generals went against the will of mussolini and signed the peace treaty with the allies in 1943 , but mussolini along with part of the army ( more than 500k men fought for the rsi ) refused to surrender and retreated in the north of italy . 
  the part of italy that surrendered was then forced to fight along with the allies , leading to a civil war that created many grudges that are n't yet over . 
  i know what belgium had to endure with courage during both wars , mine was just a provocation to prove my point : let 's just not trivialize our history between each other . 
  well , belgium is * considered * the fastest and easiest way to france for sure , from a german point of view . 
  is this what you 're saying ? 
  do n't worry belgium , if a conflict goes down , nobody is going to take you into consideration . 
  just like it happened last couple of times . 
  someone seems jealous,
