  the trial was a joke even by the standards of trying someone for a fantasy . 
  the papacy would even declare the trial invalid due to how horrendously it was conducted . 
  you should thank us for ridding the world of a witch , her sorcerer 's powers straight from the devil . 
  we were also told the same thing , that the city would decline , when we refused to join the euro . 
  one of the ways they justify killing fellow muslims using a religious proclamation in the 13th century which said killing fellow muslims is sometimes ok if it is the only way to strike at the enemy . 
  however , this usage completely twists the original intent as the proclamation took place during the mongol invasions when masses of prisoners would be herded in front of the mongol army to be used as a meatshield . 
  sort of kind of . 
  i do n't think it 's a beacon of freedom but it is one of the largest and most successful democratic countries in the world and this inevitably gives some traction to associating it with freedom . 
  i 've always thought the covers were rather wittier than that ... 
  except there were in fact very large muslim communities which continued to exist after conquest . 
  indeed , this was even encouraged by many of the iberian kings as they needed the expertise of the muslim peasantry to operate the complex irrigation systems . 
  in numerous treaties of surrender between iberian kings and muslim communities they had just conquered the rights to the muslims are guaranteed in certain areas even up to banning christian missionaries from attempting to convert them . 
  it was only later that forced conversion , persecution and expulsion occurred . 
  also legality aside surely the restitution is a moral point ? 
  it 's not like the jews who spain has offered citizenship to even remember their expulsion . 
  i 'm not claiming there were no pre-existing jewish communities in these areas merely that these were small and there was also very large scale immigration . 
  [ this ah post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/399uoi/when_did_jews_migrate_to_eastern_and_western/ ) is quite interesting on the topic . 
  considering the muslim conquest of spain occurred in the 8th century and the reconquista ended in the 15th century ( meaning muslims had lived there for roughly 700 years ) , and the fact that most of the jews in spain likely immigrated there from north africa after the islamic conquest i 'd say the muslims had just as good a claim to be natives as the jews . 
  if your an mp you are not necessarily part of government , you are part of the party that is in government . 
  you are only considered to be in government if you hold an official role like being a minister . 
  cameron is not saying he expects an mps to resign , and indeed he has no power to do so , he 's saying he 's expecting ministers to resign which he can request due to cabinet collective responsibility i.e. 
  cabinet as a whole agrees to endorse and accept the consequences of the policies it decides on even if individual members object . 
  he 's exaggerating but people like ids and gove are definitely have harder right wing tendencies than cameron and are also more socially conservative . 
  yup . 
  you can tell by the fact its called inglin which is some bizarre bastardisation of the true mating call of the english football fan `` ingerland '' . 
  i 'd say you 've had an impact . 
  it 's more common to see other people calling out fearmongering than it used to be . 
  i think the reputation public schools had for sodomy also contributed . 
  i 've heard the stereotype that middle or upper class british men all seem gay to the europeans so maybe that covers cross-dressing . 
  not heard not heard any that link us to bdsm though . 
  mmmmm but as we know we like live in a dictatorship maaaaan . 
  we got ta have a revolution maaaan . 
  ** true born englishman ** by defoe thus from a mixture of all kinds began , that het ` rogeneous thing , an englishman : in eager rapes , and furious lust begot betwixt a painted britain and a scot . 
  whose gend ` ring off-spring quickly learn 'd to bow , and yoke their heifers to the roman plough : from whence a mongrel half-bred race there came , with neither name , nor nation , speech nor fame . 
  in whose hot veins new mixtures quickly ran , infus 'd betwixt a saxon and a dane while their rank daughters , to their parents just , receiv 'd all nations with promiscuous lust . 
  this nauseous brood directly did contain the well-extracted blood of englishmen, 
  inaction is not good ... so clearly the best course of action is to set fire to things , damage services that benefit the public , and attack the housing of vulnerable groups . 
  huzzah for helping the common people . 
  read the article it specifically looks at individual likelihood to donate not total donation sum each year . 
  unless you want to tell me 75 % of brits are city bankers in which case whoop dee dooo i 'll just go enjoy my newfound riches . 
  except when it 's 75 % of the country i sincerely doubt the majority of donations are from millionaires trying to minimise tax bills . 
  except london is the biggest foreign exchange market in the world and the pound sterling the fourth most traded currency in the world . 
  i 'm also 95 % certain that we have the highest share of the trade in euro of anywhere . 
  london 's appeal comes from a number of factors including convenience , time zone , language , appeal of the city , international use of british business law , etc. . . 
  ehhhh while i ' l be voting to stay in the eu it 's notable that we got told that the uk would become economically isolated and the city would decline if the brits did n't join the euro . 
  that clearly did n't happen . 
  they 're not convicting based purely on metadata so we 're pretty far off minority report . 
  they use metadata analysis as a way to flag up people they might want to investigate further . 
  if those further investigations turn up concrete evidence then action can be taken . 
  i will not deny that the system potential for abuse . 
  but then so does almost every other government run body , the power that we delegate states means that at any time they could crush most individuals or groups . 
  in the end i trust my government enough to believe it will not fundamentally abuse its power , even if i disagree with its views . 
  that said i would advocate stronger oversight to ensure that if abuses do occur they can not be concealed . 
  so they can analyse metadata to find the people they are interested in . 
  you 'd be surprised cambridge has done a big and quite successful drive to convince state school kids with no prior experience to apply for classics . 
  i think it 's a deliberately exaggerated tone but seriously some classes are a bit questionable or even some subjects tbh . 
  hsps at cambridge for example is the university 's big effort to make a `` modern '' and wide ranging degree , the result is an awkward clusterfuck which creates the unholy child of evolutionary biology , law , geography , political theory and whatever the fuck else they felt like chucking in . 
  admittedly the overheads are lower for humanities but the costs are still there and must be met . 
  the author is complaining that not even these low levels are being met . 
  as for your second point i kind of see where your going but i would also say some of the best courses i 've done at my university so far where on subjects i would never normally have expressed an interest in . 
  university policy forcing me to take a range of areas and the simple existence of these courses gave me a very rewarding set of experiences . 
  the treaties which if they were voted down were sent back to vote on again ... also the uk has always been semi-engaged at best we want free trade and everything else is agreed to as that was part of the parcel . 
  why 's the onus on them ? 
  they have a governing body and did n't ask for a new one . 
  bollocks they clearly have no issue with the democratic process see their participation in other democratic bodies . 
  furthermore i 'm not arguing that as an theoretical institution that the eu parliament is undemocratic merely that 's it 's claims to be supported by the eu populace are flawed . 
  i could proclaim the anarchist commune of peckham and host completely open elections but unless i can convince a significant number of local people to participate i ca n't claim to represent the people of the area . 
  i 'd argue the mere act of bothering to engage with the system lends it legitimacy . 
  even if representation is imperfect people are committed enough to the institution to participate . 
  the eu parliament simply fails to engage voters . 
  i 'm not claiming the eu parliament is unimportant . 
  merely that people view it as such and act as if it were . 
  this means any claims it has that it 's power is democratically endorsed seem dubious at best . 
  which was my original point . 
  i 'd say non-engagement is more deadly in some ways . 
  if they 're opposing you at least you know you have their attention and they are at least aware of your ideas . 
  non-engagement suggests a fundamental disinterest in the project it 's an irrelevancy not worth opposing . 
  as said i do n't fttp is ideal at all in terms of democratic participation but the simple fact of greater participation and knowledge on the part of the electorate gives it a big edge over the european parliament . 
  as for your claim its just the brits being idiotic let 's look at voting patterns across europe shall we ? 
  in 2012 71.2 % of the french vap ( voting age population ) voted in the presidential election but only 38.8 % of the vap voted in the eu elections in 2014 . 
  in germany 66.5 % of the vap voted in the 2013 national elections but only 45.6 % of the vap turned out for the latest eu elections . 
  already in two other major eu powers we see that most of the population is not engaged by the eu parliament and is significantly more interested in their national elections . 
  but what of other places ? 
  in the czech republic the latest presidential and parliamentary elections saw about 59 % of the vap vote the eu elections rallied a glorious 17.6 % . 
  in the netherlands the vap stats for parliamentary election show 71 % voting but for eu elections only 36.4 % . 
  spain 62.4 % vs 42.2 % . 
  the list goes on . 
  the only countries where i could find over 50 % of the vap participating in eu elections ( in an admittedly incomplete bit of research ) were italy and belgium . 
  but even in italy the figures show participation in eu elections has been steadily dropping over the years and looking at current trends might well dip below 50 % next time . 
  the eu has grown and the parliament has gained powers but the voters are less interested than ever before . 
  it 's not as if these differences are minor ones . 
  for every country there is markedly more engagement with national democracy than with eu democracy . 
  if anything people are losing interest in eu democracy . 
  if a parliament which has been granted new powers and is seeking to promote itself like never before ca n't sustain popular interest does that not suggest that as a representative body it is neither taken seriously nor particularly desired ? 
  if you want to look at the figures yourself here 's a [ link ] ( http://www.idea.int/vt/countryview.cfm?id=110 ) . 
  they are though . 
  they are assigned by majority vote within the constituency ... 
  i 'm not really sure what your trying to say . 
  my point was as follows . 
  while i have my issues with fttp and am worried about voter participation in the uk the following facts remain .
