  57.5 % last election . 
  in the past 20 elections i can only find one time that it dipped below 50 % . 
  that said i would say that this percentage is still low and points towards issues of political disenfranchisement that need to be addressed . 
  oh i 'm fully aware that ukip propaganda is bollocks . 
  however considering the fact that the eu is technically committed to ever closer union the fact that its one democratic body is largely ignored is n't great . 
  it 's a bit more complex than that as you can see if we look at [ these statistics ] ( http://www.ukpolitical.info/european-parliament-election-turnout.htm ) . 
  some countries e.g. 
  belgium and luxembourg do have very high turnouts . 
  but lets looks at the big countries in france , one of the big three in the eu , we see voter turnout * declining * over the past few elections . 
  last election saw a roughly 40 % turnout that 's undeniably low . 
  in germany we see a similar decline with voter turnout last election being roughly 43 % again far from ideal . 
  it 's particularly shocking considering that they had 72 % voter participation in their national elections . 
  meanwhile in the uk voter turnout for eu elections has never been above 40 % . 
  so if in the three most important countries in the eu voter turnout for eu elections is below 50 % that 's an issue . 
  some places do have good voter turn out but , with the exception of italy , these tend to be smallish countries like malta , cyrpus and denkmark . 
  clearly there is an issue of lack of voter investment . 
  they probably would start an article like that . 
  they like seguing from seemingly unrelated topics to the meat of the article . 
  also read the article . 
  the unaccountability is because no one gives a shit about their meps , thus voter turnout and political investment is low . 
  this means various things firstly that extremist parties like the front nationale or ukip get disproportionate levels of representation , as they 're voters are more likely to turn up . 
  furthermore lack of interest means that meps can get away with obstructionism , absenteeism , etc. . . a far from ideal system . 
  how is pointing out these problems europhobic ? 
  yes the economist is sceptical about many eu projects but it 's worth noting that it wants britain to stay in . 
  if you want an example of true europhobia go look at ukip or the front nationale . 
  he 's used a basic political tactic of changing rhetoric to appeal to a certain group of voters !, 
  what an arsehole . 
  that 's mainly the centre and the posh suburbs like kensington . 
  well there would be issues with that potentially . 
  the average bloke sitting behind a screen has little interest in the people filmed . 
  however if the general public could view footage freely they would undoubtedly use it to track spouses , friends , their kids , etc. . . 
  potentially this could constitute a greater threat to privacy . 
  except for i things like the collapse of empires and formation of smaller nation states ... 
  i really do not get the issue with cctv . 
  if i 'm committing an act in a public area i accept that it may be observed , all cctv does is increase this likelihood . 
  now yes i would be worried if it were used by an authoritarian regime but we are n't one and all its used for is to catch muggers . 
  well you could say overall we feel our interests are in becoming independent . 
  that 's fine and dandy . 
  it 's when salmond spins us saying we do n't think we want you using the pound as etonian repression , or when you dig up iain banks ( an author i love ) comments on how many english have an essential ` meanness ' about them . 
  yes he 's dead but that type of rhetoric is pretty damn common and completely unproductive . 
  more or less my opinion tbh . 
  that said if they do leave i wont miss being preached at by them . 
  i love scotland but the independence rhetoric has got a bit grating . 
  i 'm intrigued as to what european attitudes are towards the whole independence affair . 
  what 's your guy 's position ? 
  fair enough . 
  also you have to be careful with using necessity as justification as that can end up being used to defend war crimes . 
  errrrm no negotiations had been formally terminated . 
  also it was pretty sucessful we took 1/2 of the battleships , 1/2 battlecruisers and damaged 4/6 of the destroyers . 
  yes the french did sink their fleet at toulon but in war you can not afford uncertainty about key strategic assets . 
  as negotiations had not gone well an attack seemed necessary . 
  ok also for copenhagen denmark was actually unaligned power not an ally , and it look set to fall under napoleonic control . 
  the rest i 'm not really going to defend as i 'm not aiming to act as an apologist for british actions . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that britian 's actions are understandable when seen from their point of view . 
  true but its the same horrific logic , destroy the workforce and you shorten the war . 
  now arguably in cases like dresden where the war had swung into our favour this logic becomes unjustifiable . 
  but we must remember that the war had gone on for many years and it was a total war . 
  the mentality was win at pretty much all costs , at this point moral horror becomes a luxury . 
  does this absolve the men who did it ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  but it does illustrate the horror that total war pushes men to . 
  yah but napoleon was on your doorstep with an army and would have been willing to exert pressure on denmark or even invade . 
  thus the mentality of necessity pushed us into attacking . 
  it 's the same grim logic which made us sink the french fleet at mers el-kebir in wwii . 
  at the time bombing was not precise , thus area bombing was the realistic tactical option . 
  yes it was horrific , but in the mentality of total war it is understandable . 
  also since the uk 's budget cuts germany 's military is seen as more impressive . 
  that said they are less willing to deploy internationally . 
  huh i stand more informed than before . 
  that 's an interesting point to consider . 
  yup the economist is famous for witty covers . 
  look i reall do n't want to get sucked into a long argument but here we go . 
  firstly i 'm not calling for whole scale privatisation . 
  next i think think you 've somewhat misidentified the issue its not corruption . 
  the article you linked on that merely states that the privatisation measures were poorly planned , it nowhere mentions corruption . 
  the issue is the french state spends more than any other eu country and does not look set to reign it in , not even by measures such as raising a retirement age set when life expectancies were much lower or get rid of the 35 hour week ( shorter than any other eu country ) . 
  meanwhile its economy stagnates due to growing international competition and labour laws that make hiring and firing a massive ordeal . 
  on your second article all it says is that companies should pay their middle tier middle class employees more . 
  now you ca n't do that with a minimum wage as they already earn well above that ... 
  i lived in belgium for a while as a kid so i read the comics in french . 
  maybe some potion magique is required ... 
  thank you , i love your country so try to keep abreast of events in it . 
  well yes that is the solution i 'd advocate . 
  but i was trying to strike a conciliatory tone as / u/tachyonburst seemed to think i was rampantly anti-french and heartless . 
  not really no . 
  our economy is fucked if it does , we own a lot of euro debt and do a lot of business with the rest of the eu . 
  yes the brits get hyperbolic . 
  but the key difference between france and germany it seems is that while germany reformed france seems reluctant to . 
  also as everyone is nervous about the economy france possibly slipping back into recession is not promising . 
  a british paper , albeit with a wide international audience . 
  look regardless of your political views you must agree france can not keep spending like it does . 
  it 's welfare system is admirable but is increasingly unsustainable . 
  until france can find new ways to raise revenue or cut spending people will remain nervous . 
  i think the issue is twofold . 
  one , france is absolutely central to the eu fiscally , economically and politically . 
  thus even slight wobbles from it create big ripples if france , one of the key eu players , is no longer seen as economically credible why trust weaker places like spain and greece 's ability to recover ? 
  why trust italy 's ability to bounce back ? 
  france doing badly spooks everyone involved with the eu in any way . 
  now we come to the second issue . 
  when france 's economy is healthy point one is n't an issue , or if france looked set to recover again there would be a lot less worry .
