  but the issue is france does n't look set to recover . 
  france 's government spending accounts for 56.1 % of your gdp the highest in the eu , so even if france make cuts its still spending a lot . 
  this makes people nervous especially in light of france 's declining industrial sector and very very rigid employment laws that discourage business . 
  now even this is not necessarily an issue if france looked set to pass reforms , but it does n't . 
  it has passed a few spending cuts but has failed to overhaul its massively expensive benefits system . 
  it 's retirement age remains low at 62 and is even lower for various other professions , and as people are living longer its generous pensions are becoming increasingly strained . 
  furthermore it has failed to reform its labour market which as said is far more rigid than in most other eu countries . 
  every time the government has tried to tackle these things its backed off afraid of unpopularity and the street riots that the parisians love to indulge in . 
  the one guy who might have managed to deliver meaningful reform , dsk , is now politically untouchable due to his massive sex scandal . 
  thus france , a key pillar of the eu , looks weak and looks set to get worse . 
  this is why the article is a bit apocalyptic . 
  a fair point . 
  however i think the point they were trying to make was that irish indentured labour in the new world , while it could be defined as slavery depending on the context , was not the same as african slavery . 
  furthermore it was seen as qualitatively different by the people who lived at the time . 
  it 's pretty misleading in many ways from what i hear . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1ou972/are_there_any_sources_regarding_irish_slavery_in/ccvpv9s ) a good right up on the issue courtesy of / r/askhistorians . 
  if you want to get an idea of who 's voting which way check the atittudes of our major newspapers and then see who their aimed at . 
  and yes middle class/lower middle class conservatives everywhere . 
  nope a lot of working class and lower middle class conservatives are anti-eu . 
  you just dont meet them on this sub . 
  it 's just while we 've got europe to identify with we also have the wider anglosphere to identify with ( australia , new zealand , canada , usa kind of ) . 
  as they speak our language , are very similar to us culturally and have a long history of co-operation with them we feel very close to them . 
  thus as we have another group of nations to identify with that are even closer to us culturally than europe . 
  also in terms of international politics the uk very much sees itself as floating only semi-connected to the wars on the mainland , only intervening when it threatens the balance of power . 
  thus geopolitically we do n't see ourselves as fully attached as say germany or italy or sweden is . 
  we invited you in so we like to pretend it was a revolution not an invasion . 
  like that we can say no successful invasion since 1066 . 
  a good point . 
  i suppose i think of france and germany when i think of europe as they are the most involved and influential countries . 
  i bloody well hope the pro-eu group wins the referendum . 
  the polling figures are pretty worrying . 
  ah all is clear now . 
  it 's not that i feel we 're not part of europe , we obviously are . 
  ijust get the sense that we 're not as european as france , germany , etc as we have a different cultural outlook in some way . 
  of course this might be a delusion coming from british conceit about being a bit above it all which is why i asked the question . 
  how do we act as if it 's a bad thing . 
  we 're pretyy proud of keeping those things largely out of politics . 
  english i 'm afraid . 
  i 'm aware a lot of the northern european countries often side with us . 
  i just feel that germany and france are somehow more european than us . 
  i know we 're basically european but i feel we 're not as european as say france . 
  also no need to say sorry europe is a great place in many ways . 
  i think he means in the sense that we pretend we 're above the union but nevertheless are an integral part of it . 
  i hope so . 
  if this bloody referendum pushes us out of the eu it will likely be disastrous . 
  sorry i should have clarified , i mean culture/attitudes and politics . 
  of course we are european geographically and in terms of historical actions . 
  well neither did denmark or sweden . 
  also i 'm not sure if it was a mistake . 
  considering the eurozone crisis a lot of brits are congratulating themsleves on having avoided that , albeit we 're still implicated by the fact we hold a lot of euro debt . 
  i dunno i know more german bands than french ones . 
  look as i said the implementation has been shit . 
  but its shit because of incompetence not malevolence . 
  i trust my country 's institutions and while i often disagree with its leaders i can see that they 're not fucking ming the malevolent . 
  edit : i 'd like to follow / u/orsenfelt and say i 'm not downvoting you either . 
  whoever is stop , he should present the opposing case . 
  especially in a debate about censorship . 
  the war was a hideous experience in may ways . 
  but i would like to point out two things . 
  firstly those who committed the uk to war did not do so in a callous fit of imperialism . 
  they genuinely felt that national interest forced them into a situation in which they had to go to war . 
  indeed right up until the outbreak of the war the cabinet was split over whether to declare war . 
  two the `` lions lead by donkeys '' is a myth . 
  war had evolved in a such a way that trench warfare was the only viable form of warfare . 
  furthermore generals did not just throw soldiers at each other due to lack of imagination , huge numbers of strategies were used but ultimately to storm a trench before you have tanks and know how to effectively use them is inevitably going to be horrendously bloody . 
  the war was a hideous experience in may ways . 
  but i would like to point out two things . 
  firstly those who committed the uk to war did not do so in a callous fit of imperialism . 
  they genuinely felt that national interest forced them into a situation in which they had to go to war . 
  indeed right up until the outbreak of the war the cabinet was split over whether to declare war . 
  two the `` lions lead by donkeys '' is a myth . 
  war had evolved in a such a way that trench warfare was the only viable form of warfare . 
  furthermore generals did not just throw soldiers at each other due to lack of imagination , huge numbers of strategies were used but ultimately to storm a trench before you have tanks and know how to effectively use them is inevitably going to be horrendously bloody . 
  he knows they had fuck all to do with the nazis . 
  he 's just saying like saying that 's what hitler did is n't a valid argument and by extension neither is any argument that is solely based on such and such evil organisation did it . 
  thank you . 
  yes its a stupid bill , but calling it orwellian is either equally dim or absurdly hyperbolic . 
  cameron still believes in democracy and free speech and he 's not some bond villain planning to crush his enemies through stalinist censorship . 
  it 's a bill made to appease the vocal ( and quite dim ) socially conservative end of his party and daily mail readers . 
  i can handle braveland . 
  fttp lots of votes but very spread out so they ca n't win a constituency . 
  did someone say [ putin gifs ? 
  i think it can be anywhere to be honest . 
  you just have to shut your eyes and believe . 
  is it alright that my first reaction to the name was to snigger ? 
  public school = certain long established private schools . 
  they 're called such as it meant educated with other members of society rather than a private tutor , these schools were established when education was an elite privilege . 
  black cat white cat which is a gloriously anarchic comedy based along the danube . 
  un h\u00e9ro inconnu in which a french man fakes being a resistance fighter in order to acheive public fame and fortune , again very funny . 
  look i can understand where your coming from as i read niall ferguson at an impressionable age and was very influenced by him for a while . 
  however , i 've turned against his point of view . 
  i do n't think claiming that claiming the badge `` not as exploitative as we might have been '' is something to be proud of . 
  i think that going `` well the others were worse is really problematic as 1 ) it implicitly minimises the horrors and atrocities that did occurs in the british empire 2 ) i think the claim is really dubious , every ex-imperial country i 've come across has a narrative that claims their empire to have been the most moral ( bar the germans who have done an admirable job of documenting and recasting their atrocities ) and 3 ) i think that the experience of empire was so varied , as it would be in any entity that lasted roughly 400 years and at its height covered 1/4 of the globe , that making general comments about its morality or lack of is futile . 
  at best we should acknowledge that any empire , even if one were well-intentioned , is going to perpetrate horrendous abuses due to the combination of huge power and innate assumptions of superiority . 
  adding to the other guy once a year every writer publishes a piece on an area of specific interest they have , be it serious or frivolous , under their own name . 
  nah actually believing my claim would be even more delusional than the fantasy you propose . 
  tbh the english equivalent is based around fantasising about the battle of britain and going `` britain stronk . 
  britain relevant . 
  whole world speaks our language rah rah rah . '', 
  also tbh i feel sorry for jean .
