  most schools cant afford to do this . 
  mate i 'm semi agreeing with you . 
  he 's exaggerating the issue but people who attended private schools are disproportionately represented in the top universities quite simply because they have more resources to devote on their students and tend to attract the best teachers . 
  it 's certainly true that private school dominance is an issue but your making it sound like its impossible to get in from a state comprehensive . 
  it 's very possible , albeit harder as the teaching in state schools is rarely at the same level offered in private institutions . 
  the hoop jumping of the exam system favors private schools its because they 've worked out how to play the bullshit bingo that is our exam system . 
  oxbridge does have prestige but there are dozens of other excellent universities that give access to top jobs . 
  if they refused to pay their debt i could see us blocking their accession to the eu . 
  he kind of was right though . 
  britain is never going to commit to europe alone . 
  well that 's the economist 's argument and why they hate it . 
  no see the massive efforts to boost investment in the north and the creation of a high speed rail network in order to help move things out of london . 
  certainly the city is a key intrest but its far from being the only one . 
  ah sorry i missed the humour . 
  i 've seen too many people making those kind of statements unironically on the internet . 
  well it kind of is about money in some ways . 
  they did a poll where they asked scottish people how they would vote if independence made them # 500 richer and how they would vote if it made them # 500 poorer . 
  the swing in the poll was about 20 % . 
  of course this does n't invalidate the right to self-determination but i 'm not getting the guy 's angry self-righteousness . 
  how has the uk shat on scotland ? 
  we gave them a clear referendum , unlike say catalonia , and have laid out the basis from which we will negotiate if they become independent . 
  it 's all rather civilised . 
  or heroin . 
  the fruits of 200 years of pillaging the world . 
  yes the other stuff is hideously expensive . 
  sorry i realise the last comment was a little aggressive . 
  it 's just this sub is sometimes unthinkingly left wing so , despite being a labour supporter , i can become a bit irritable . 
  well apparently he 's privately a social liberal so i 'm not really sure about that . 
  but hur dur fuck conservatives . 
  i mean its impossible that someone regret comments they made after realising they are inappropriate , even if used in an ironic manner . 
  nope no such thing as context or personal misjudgement . 
  on the other hand all of london 's publicly owned museums are free which is very nice . 
  to be fair while the term was offensive , and should not have been used , it was mainly to point out how blair had a messiah complex and a patronising view of africa . 
  sorry fucked up the terminology . 
  but yes i am aware that they want influence in the bank of england and as i said we 're going to tell them to fuck off . 
  all i was commentingbon is that this could well lead to consequences that embitter both sides . 
  i 'm aware they can use the pound without fiscal union . 
  the issue is that they are demanding fiscal union and influence over monetary policy and we look set to reject that . 
  also yes its not a massive amount but i think the gesture would piss off a lot of people . 
  nope . 
  merely pointing out that the completely failurecto do so so far makes it look like an exercise in futility . 
  the issue was not one person it was systemic failure acrooss a vast range of organisations not just banks . 
  we could hypothetically use it as a bargaining chip . 
  if we refuse to let scotland use the pound they 've threatened to repudiate the debt . 
  if that happens this rather nasty tactic might be deployes . 
  ok have fun attributing responsibility in that one . 
  i 'm just concerned that the row over the use of the pound could really sour relations . 
  i hate to break it to you but you ca n't prosecute people for irresponsibility . 
  we might stay in just to block scottish accession . 
  if we split i feel its going to leave a lot of bitter feelings . 
  does n't change the hideous unemployment figures . 
  i know about the last attempted reform . 
  that 's part of the issue , every time a major change is proposed you see massive objections and even riots . 
  does n't remove the fact that your growth is 0 % and malaise means the front nationale gets 20 % of the vote . 
  because you ca n't indefinitely rack up deck and let the economy stagnate . 
  eventually something is going to give . 
  already french malaise means the front nationale is getting 20 % of the vote . 
  well its when the french have a 35 hour working week , some of the longest holidays in europe , retire at 62 ( or 55 if you work for the sncf ) , have a labour market so tight companies avoid employing people and have n't passed a balanced budget since 1978 maybe , just maybe , some reform is needed . 
  i 'm unconvinced he 's a pariah now internationally but has 95 % support from the russian public . 
  why the hell do we want to be a superpower ? 
  ca n't we just settle for comfortable prosperity ? 
  do n't assume your opposition is old and conservative . 
  i 'm an 18 year old liberal and i 'm anti-federal . 
  also federalists are not in the majority . 
  eurobarometer polls show that the vast majority of the eu public is sceptical of federalism . 
  britain taking on the important issues . 
  have fun merging your debt with greece , italy , spain and france . 
  i 'm sure you 'll love the new interest rates you get for loans . 
  no i mean it might make you see us as arrogant since you look at a very privileged section of our society quite a lot . 
  i was n't accusing the french of being arrogant in my post , i was trying to explain why they might see us as such . 
  as in fay and mannered . 
  it 's more the fact you did back to back coverage of our royal wedding and the like . 
  i 've also seen a lot off articles in french papers looking at the british aristocracy , more coverage than i see in britain at any rate . 
  i assume its because you killed most of your aristocrats so ca n't observe them yourselves , as a result your naturally curious about other people 's . 
  sorry i was feeling irritable . 
  but on the military apparently the french army was n't actually that bad . 
  it was experienced and well equipped , one of its tanks is seen as one of the best models of the period . 
  however as you said france had n't really adapted tactically e.g. 
  it failed to concentrate its tanks and instead attached them to the infantry . 
  even then i remember a historian arguing that the french could have stopped the german advance through the ardennes had they been more decisive . 
  i can dig up details if anyone is curious . 
  but anyway whatever , peace and love all . 
  i 've chatted with french people about how they see the brits . 
  basically they think we 're a bit arch and also falsely modest/self effacing . 
  for example when a brit wants the last slice of cake they will ask `` does anyone else want this slice ? '', 
  but the subtext is `` i plan to devour this last slice like galactus , and will resent others who claim it . '' . 
  the french will more simply ask if they can have the last slice . 
  a comparison which seems pointless but i think is rather illuminating . 
  also the arrogance perception may come from the french being obsessed with our aristocracy . 
  how dare perfide albion insult la gloire . 
  as opposed to nationalist dick waving can we admit we both contributed towards appeasement . 
  britain certainly pushed for it but the fact france was politically imploding at the time meant it was reluctant/unable to commit to war as well . 
  fuck you could even blame poland and romania for refusing ussr troops passage through their country as it stopped france and the ussr from enacting their mutual guarantee of czechoslovakian territorial integrity . 
  although given the nature of the ussr this refusal was rather understandable . 
  i 'm for no . 
  i 'd also like to point out that this sub is way more pro federalisation than the average man on the street as seen [ in these polls conducted by the eu itself ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/apr/24/trust-eu-falls-record-low ) . 
  i 'm personally opposed for a variety of reasons , however the most important of which is i feel people do not identify with the eu . 
  for a state to function there must be a sense of common belonging and identity and currently this is distinctly lacking in the eu . 
  while the people who frequent this sub are very cosmopolitan most europeans are not and thus feel no connection to the eu as an institution , there 's no cultural recognition of the institution as part of our identity . 
  as a result i feel that union would be doomed as it would lack cultural/mental legitimacy .
