  a large wing of cameron 's own party is explicitly anti-eu , as in favouring exit , as is a decent chunk of the conservative electoral base . 
  as cameron 's facing party discipline issues and is losing voters to ukip he wanted a big symbolic victory to help keep his own supporters in line . 
  we did kind of abandon you to the ussr after wwii . 
  switzerland , the bits of africa and asia france got to before us and most south american countries ( i think ) . 
  you 've got to bear in mind that he 's got to be very careful to appease the large euroscpetic wing of his party . 
  if he appears to be too pro-european they could very well rebel and try and topple him , or at least become incredibly uncooperative in parliament . 
  it 's because in his election posters his skin looked weirdly shiny and latex like . 
  when he says the government is essentially thatcherite he means that the models and assumptions forged in the thatcher era still persist . 
  the best evidence of her continuing legacy is the fact that labour reforged itself as new labour and moved considerably to the right in reaction to their old style socialism failing to appeal to the majority of the populace . 
  what 's interesting is that the countries which implemented thatcherite e.g. 
  the uk and germany ( sees schroder 's changes to the labour market ) are the ones which are now recovering fastest from this recession though . 
  if you think labour and conservatives are pro-federalism you are very , very wrong . 
  you do n't have to be a ukip supporter to be anti-federalist . 
  no political party in britain is pro-federalism . 
  what 's the problem france ca n't handle the banter ? 
  yeh well if the dutch ruled we 'd all be slaanesh 's slaves . 
  i 'm not so sure as the economy picks up so is support for the conservatives . 
  meanwhile ed 's terminally uninspiring leadership means that labour basically relies on the conservatives being unpopular , not labour rallying enthusiasm to its cause . 
  also what with a lot of core labour voters in the north of england , white working class , being suspicious of the eu ed might feel pressured into granting a referendum in order to try and rally support . 
  well firstly he could n't push for another ppe candidate as the conservatives are not part of the ppe . 
  also he actually has a semi-decent chance of success . 
  he 's got the backing of a few other countries , and there 's even signs that france is n't too happy with the choice either . 
  well you 've hit the crux of the issue . 
  the uk 's vision of europe is a giant free trade zone . 
  however the eu ultimately aims for an increasingly federal model which you are never going to get britain to commit to . 
  except 28 % of texans did n't then vote for a secessionist party ... 
  cameron is objecting because if you appoint a federalist eu-insider like junker his own party is going to eat him alive . 
  cameron really wants to stay in the eu so he needs to seem muscular and pushing the british interests otherwise he stands a good chance of losing the referendum . 
  considering roughly 50 % of the electorate looks to be in favour of leaving the eu outright its pretty safe to assume they do indeed oppose further integration . 
  anyway this has been an interesting conversation and our difference basically boil down to how much faith we have in the european project , and thus what we see the eu 's role as being . 
  so long . 
  you raise some interesting points but two responses . 
  one i really take issue wth you condemning the uk electorate as stupid . 
  currently the only party to vote for in the uk which wishes to stay in the eu but opposes further federalisation is the conservatives . 
  however for many people demonstrating suppott for the conservatives is anathema . 
  anyway the ultimate point was that the apparent majority for federalism is not as clear cut as it seems . 
  on your second explanation thats actually a rather intriguing one . 
  i suppose it did n't really occur to me as in the uk mps fill both roles . 
  however the issue is that the system you envision is that for a federal chamber to work you need the broad majority of people to feel a common european identity and gor their be common european policy on subjects like international affairs , etc. . . 
  currently neither exist in any strong form . 
  a few responses . 
  reform is not any empty buzzword , for undeniably the eu must change . 
  firstly the eu could clean up its corruption . 
  a recent inquiry by transparency international found evidence of persistent and endemic corruption within the eu . 
  the eu parliament the rejected discussing its findings . 
  actually addressing the issues this report raised , issues which concern many people , would be a great way to start reforming . 
  more generally the eu should scale back its attempts at further federalisation . 
  an increasing amount of the european public is sceptical of european integration . 
  the eu should abandon , or at least put on indefinite hold , ideas of ever closer union . 
  people joined the eu for two big reasons : one to gain access to the world 's biggest trade block and two formalise informal geopolitical alignment . 
  that is the role of the eu and until the public shows willing otherwise that 's all it should do . 
  it should not seek further federalisation . 
  now before you claim that well people voted in federalist parties this is not really the case . 
  for example many people in the uk vote labour in the eu elections , not because they 've reviewed labour meps eu policy but because they align themselves with labour 's policies on a national level and wish to support their party . 
  the labour mep will be part of progressive alliance of socialists and democrats which favours further federalisation . 
  however most people who voted labour in the eu elections will not be in favour of this . 
  indeed their core electorate , white working class , is in fact quite euroscpetic and opposed to further integration . 
  i would put it to you that this is the same for many of the votes cast . 
  finally you claimed it 's not the job of british meps to represent the uk . 
  what the hell are they there for then ? 
  if its not the job of the meps to represent the opinion of the british public , the public that elected them , what is their purpose ? 
  the fundamental aim of any elected representative is to push the views of their constituents claiming otherwise seems bizarre . 
  i feel bad for them too , hell in a few years i might be one of them . 
  it 's just i felt you were being a bit harsh on carney the bubble is something really intractable to deal with . 
  the point of the graph is not that prices were increasing before , as you said that 's natural , but that london property prices were increasing way above the average for the rest of country . 
  but you 're spot on about the problems . 
  that said governments not wanting to see prices drop is not just self-interest . 
  london property is a massively valuable internationally traded commodity . 
  if prices drop it really hurts our economy . 
  by steadily i meant without stopping or slowing . 
  sorry about that i 'll admit the usage could have been clearer nevertheless the point remains that london property grows in value pretty much regardless of interest rates as seen by how its outpaced salaries for about 50 years now . 
  also as already pointed out to you that he needs to keep interest low as the priority at the moment is growth . 
  on your final statement it 's worth noting that city bankers are no longer really driving the bubble , a hell of a lot of our property is brought by those overseas not london based bankers ( although they obviously contribute ) . 
  true that 's when it really took off , but [ this graph ] ( http://moneyweek.com/wp-content//uploads/2009/03/09-03-11-mm2.jpg ) shows that apart from a dip in the 90s has being growing faster than the uk average for about 40 years . 
  however point taken the 90s does appear to be the big spring and london property being an international commodity is a rather new thing . 
  except this bubble has been growing steadily for the pat 50 or so years . 
  ok this is a reply to all who 've asked roughly the same question to me . 
  i 'm far from suggesting the euroscpetics get the presidency , god forbid that . 
  i 'm suggesting that given the growing disenchantment with the eu project , seen in low turnout rates and the success of extreme right wing parties , would it not be wise to show willingness to reform ? 
  and is not appointing an eu insider the opposite of this ? 
  if you do not show willing to change you only empower the message of groups that say the eu can not change . 
  furthermore i would argue that in some ways a collective decision from the leaders of each nation state ( merkel , cameron , etc ) has greater democratic legitimacy than that of the eu parliament currently as people have demonstrated themselves to be more politically active in national elections . 
  for me cameron , although i dislike him , is a more legitimate representative of britain in the eu than the meps britain has sent to the parliament . 
  as most countries in the eu ( indeed i think all ) have lower turnout for eu elections than national ones this applies pretty universally . 
  is it all that undemocratic ? 
  appointing an eu insider and committed federalist , juncker , would be to ignore the message the most recent elections sent . 
  there is an argument to be made that the eu assures european peace , it was in part originally intended to do just that . 
  however most people nowadays do not see this as a major role of eu . 
  memories of war in europe are faded as most people have not lived through them , thus the peaceful state of europe is taken for granted . 
  regardless of whether the idea is true or not ( i am personally unsure ) the fact people do n't see the eu as key to peace means they do n't view it as vital for their well-being . 
  indeed what with worries about immigration and perception of bureaucratic intrusion ( which while exaggerated do create tensions ) mean that they see the eu as positively harmful to their everyday lives . 
  if you want to protect the eu you must sell it based on immediate self-interest , and the best way to do that is emphasise the single market . 
  people did not sing up for ever closer union they signed up for business and that should be the core of the eu . 
  most people do not care about international relevance . 
  they care about their job , their home and their family . 
  if they do n't feel the eu improves/protects those things they 're not going to support it . 
  the issue is that firstly the laws do affect people , just not in ways that are immediately apparent . 
  secondly as the eu , in theory , ultimately aspires to increasingly assume power to act as a united force this democratic deficit does not bode well for its plans . 
  they do n't know because they do n't care . 
  for many the eu is a far off system who 's laws , beyond the common market and freedom of movement , appear to have little real effect on their lives .
