why ? 
  everyone benefits from higher levels of trade . 
  that said i could see us being denied the trade privileges on the grounds the eu dislikes being told to fuck off . 
  as i commented above the british remember it as a national event as it was above all seen as national loss of innocence . 
  previously we 'd avoided wars which saw mass conscription , destruction of huge swathes of the population , etc thus the coming of wwi , which was one of the most terrible of this type of conflict , was a uniquely scarring event psychologically . 
  for the british however we were completely unused to the scale of the war . 
  unlike every other european country our island status meant that wars fought through mass conscription and which decimated the population were alien to us . 
  we remember wwi as a loss of innocence . 
  another great churchill quotes is `` an empty car drew up and clement atlee got out . '', 
  another favorite of mine took place when churchill was having a piss in the house of commons loos atlee wandered in and started pissing as well . 
  when this happened atlee asked `` what 's the problem churchill are you shy ? '', 
  to which churchill replied `` no , but whenever you socialists see something huge you want to nationalise it . '', 
  the gualg was used as a cost saving mechanism therefore it was capitalist !, 
  / s seriously this , unlike say sweatshops in india that use child labour , has nothing to do with an unregulated market . 
  and break down a closed door with `` beware of the leopard '' written on it . 
  yes cos all those seperatist movements in germany abd france are sure doing well ... 
  in theory the eu is a union . 
  in practice its always going to be dominated by the larger countries . 
  we want free trade and say over the market rules that 's about it . 
  that 's because of a difference of opinion . 
  the uk wants the eu to be a giant free trade zone and to formalise national cooperation , it does not want an ever closer union . 
  the issue with a free trade agreement is twofold . 
  firstly the eu might not be disposed to grant it after we 've basically told them to fuck off , their sentiments will likely be similar to england 's hostility towards the scottish yes campaign . 
  second issue is that even if we get a free trade agreement we lose power to control the regulations in our biggest market . 
  for example we unilaterally blocked the introduction of a financial transactions tax which would havecreally hurt us , the eu being our banks ' biggest single market . 
  it 's also the system that 's pulled hundreds of millions of chinese out of poverty . 
  this is not to say i 'm not aware of some rather grotesque flaws but its simplistic to condemn an entire system . 
  you cant just declare every state that attempted to implement communism non-communist on the grounds they did n't conform exactly to the theory . 
  while they never implemented theoretically pure models as it were communism remained theur inspiration and ultimate goal . 
  their failure to reach it shows some of the issues with the goals . 
  scotland is the 4th richest area in the uk . 
  imo irs places like the north-east and wales that need the more love . 
  not really no . 
  it 's a legitimate aspiration which they have to weigh up against other factors . 
  that 's not nationalism . 
  that 's liking controlling our own debt . 
  yes but as i said most people do n't like the idea of being fucked even in the short term . 
  the former eastern bloc countries started off in a bad state and got better . 
  wales is currently in a bad state , would be in a worse state when english funding was cut off and then * might * get better . 
  people probably prefer not to gamble like that . 
  it does n't have the resources to go it alone . 
  it contains many of the most deprived areas in the uk and its educational achievement levels are shocking . 
  i 'm aware but if he thinks he wont get them he might grandstand so he can blame others when he 's refused . 
  although i 'm perhaps being a bit cynical . 
  perhaps . 
  although salmond will find himself under pressure to deliver on the promises he made to voters , and if he knows he wont get those concessions he might make a show of refusing to back down to gain popularity and the option to blame the english if things go wrong . 
  this is the best single summary i 've seen , although i worry the break up might be more acrimonious . 
  ok i misinterpreted your comments about history sorry about that . 
  as for the rest of your post i do n't really get what your saying . 
  firstly why are you accusing me of being a leninist/maoist ? 
  i 'm self-described liberal , pretty damn far from any radical leftist ideology let alone authoritarian strains of it . 
  as to your comment  individuals and groups mature only when they have to deal with the consequences of their actions . 
  no they do n't . 
  as i said californian citizens nearly bankrupted themselves thanks to their efforts in direct democracy . 
  as to your next comment on economic negotiation . 
  the issue is your assuming that everyone would do this . 
  i ca n't see authoritarian regimes ever permitting this and then have fun negotiating for oil from russia when your sussex . 
  at least as the uk you have the clout of collective bargaining . 
  as to your final comment no i have no idea what you mean . 
  look i 'm not gon na convince you and your sure as hell not going to convince me so perhaps we should let this drop . 
  okay claiming that history all bends towards to some predetermined destination is an idea that went out of fashion in academic circles in the early 20th century . 
  indeed there was an entire very prominent school of thought which held roughly similar beliefs to you , the inevitable progress of liberty , known as the whig school . 
  sure many books like fukuyama 's end of history , still meet with success when making similar claims but in the end this tells you more about the author and his contemporaries than about the future . 
  whigs , marxists , fukuyama have all seen their predictions turn out false . 
  and my objection to your idea is not so much that i do n't trust myself , although that is part of it . 
  my major objections are as follows . 
  one i feel in larger systems you have greater potential for expertise to be applied to the widest area possible . 
  i doubt that there are enough people in my borough with the expertise needed to organise the inumerable number of tasks that modern social organisation demands . 
  however i 'm pretty damn sure there are enough people in my country who could manage these things on a large scale through a civil service . 
  two fragmentation would make redistribution of wealth far harder . 
  i 'm sure the independent republic of chelsea would be prosperous , but hey i suppose the east acton estate descends into further deprivation as they can no longer access a decent standard of living through subsidies in the form of the tax contributions of the wealthy . 
  three you 've got to consider these things on an international level . 
  if you form a large bloc , like a country , you have far more negotiating power when faced with other countries , international companies , etc. . . basically despite their flaws larger communities tend to be stronger ones in almost every sense of the word . 
  well call me cautious but i prefer the devil i know , which has brought me the welfare state and central heating , to can do spirit and experimentation . 
  on the athens point i 'm aware . 
  i 'm not passing moral judgement on athens just pointing out i felt it was a poor comparison . 
  i get irritated when people try to use false models from the past to justify present day biases . 
  i 'd also point out that even if we accept your analogy athenian direct democracy had some very ugly aspects . 
  like voting for the massacre of an entire island , albeit this was late rescinded . 
  i 'm aware economics is a science so soft you can smear it on a bagel . 
  i was merely pointing out that other modern experiments in direct democracy have had negative economic effects as people are often bad at thinking in the long term . 
  your now proposing mass decentralisation which is a different , albeit related , can of worms . 
  as for athens being a democracy , sure so long as you were n't a woman , slave , ex-slave or a foreigner . 
  athenian democracy looks very much oligarchy if it were transferred to a modern context . 
  of course i 'm aware that 's not what your proposing but the comparison is flawed an irritates me . 
  yes but most other eurozone economies are n't so large as to be key to the entire european economy , and have such huge knock on effects when they falter . 
  yes because the average person is so well versed in economic matters . 
  limited direct democracy in california is one of the reasons it accumulated such a massive debt as , lo and behold , people kept voting for lower taxes and higher spending . 
  the only reason california avoided crisis that governor brown launched some serious reform . 
  yes that stagnant growth is really something to aspire to . 
  why out of interest ? 
  as said i 'm not denying that there are opportunities , as / u/tomtaroo appears to be , i 'm merely saying that there exists an unfair advantage for some . 
  well arguably lack of effort from those kids is due to coming from low-educational , low-aspirational backgrounds . 
  but that 's a different can of worms . 
  as said i think he 's exaggerating and that opportunities do exist . 
  oxbridge is certainly not the be all and end all by any stretch of the imagination . 
  that said if you go to a shit comprehensive in an impoverished borough your chances of getting into a russel group uni are drastically lower . 
  while that 's on an extreme its undeniable private schools give you an advantage for top end universities as they can provide better teaching and a lot of support for university applications . 
  i 'm saying this as someone who went to a private school . 
  the level of support was fantastic with the school laying on huge amounts of expert/insider advice on uni choice for every student and even extra-classes for oxbridge candidates .
