  what it would almost inevitably end up as would be a variety of competing groups mutually resenting one another and dominated by the largest powers . 
  this resentment would likely foster further disunity . 
  i think of it like the usa , currently a very divided nation socially and politically , but the issues would be a thousand times worse due to lack of a shared language or sense of history to bind us together . 
  now arguably we could try and construct a european identity to overcome this but i feel major structural issues stand in the way of this . 
  yes well that list did say detroit was more liveable than london so ... 
  he 's a very prominent figure in british politics . 
  he 's currently the single most popular politician in the uk he 's going to become an mp next election , will then get into the cabinet and has a decent chance of becoming conservative leader at some point . 
  exactly and a perfect contrast of that view of race is brazil which sees any trace of european blood as making you white . 
  to add to what / u/mallardtheduck said yes wwi is a key part of our national conciusness but the patriotism that surrounds it is centred on the tragedy . 
  the emphasis is on the tragedy and what we honour is persistence in the face of the tragedy , what we glorify is not the war but the soldiers who faced horror . 
  the best way to understand british attitudes towards wwi is to read the poetry of sassoon and owen or watching blackadder , in particular the final scene where characters we 've loved for the entire series ( and who have consistently tried to escape the war ) charge over the top to their deaths . 
  other important works on the issue are birdsong and goobye to all that . 
  all these works focus on horror and loss of innocence and honour the soldiers who suffered . 
  it 's all a bit shit but it will probably turn out all right . 
  it 's a shame we 're the only reasonable country on earth about this , everyone else is a bit mad . 
  agreed the guy did start the national dick waving contest . 
  and yeh lets hope the north picks up , while i 'm a londoner the very london-centric economy has created some obscene house prices . 
  nah its ` grumio is in the bedroom ' . 
  in the cambridge latin course he was the household slave in charge of the kitchen but appeared to spend most of his time visiting various girlfriends like a baller . 
  we 've got decent automobile and pharmaceutical industries as well . 
  plus we 've attracted investment from india and china so its a bit better than that . 
  he could n't have without splitting his own party . 
  the fact that he 's socially liberal already raises the hackles of his ukip sympathising mps , facing them down would split his party . 
  he 's basically stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  also he genuinely does want to block any moves towards further european political integration . 
  have fun convincing france and germany to admit turkey . 
  the only major member in favour of turkey 's membership was in fact the uk . 
  cos grumio was a player . 
  perhaps you 're right . 
  living in the uk certainly means that the public i meet and the papers i read all have a more euroscpetic bent and i might be falsely universalising my experience to europe . 
  that said the rise of the front nationale which vocally opposes the eu , especially considering that its in one the most important members of the eu , is undeniably a worrying sign for intergrationists ( as well as anyone who 's not fascistic ) . 
  the main issue with leaving , especially for the uk , is access to the single market . 
  access to the single market gives a big boost to our potential to export and makes us an attractive place for investment for foreign companies that want access to european market . 
  if we leave we 'd want to remain in the common market but considering we 've just given a massive middle finger to the eu this might be problematic . 
  furthermore even if we do retain access to the eec to problems remain . 
  one we would be forced to pay a large sum for the privilege as switzerland and norway . 
  secondly we would lose the ability to influence regulation within the common market . 
  for example recently the uk unilaterally blocked an financial transactions tax which would have really hurt us , banking being one of biggest industries and europe our biggest market . 
  losing this power/influence would be undesirable . 
  as a final comment when you suggest that countries who do not want to integrate should leave do you truly believe that a majority of european citizens want ever closer union ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  certainly they want the economic and political benefits of the eu . 
  however already we see in areas like spain , greece and italy people get angry when the feel their countries independence is being infringed upon as demonstrated by the nasty upsurge in anti-german sentiment . 
  your second point is a very interesting one but i 'm going to take issue with your first statement . 
  in germany voter turn out for the last national election was 71.55 % for the european election it was 47.9 % , in france there was 80 % participation in the last presidential election and 43.5 % for the last european election , in the uk turnout for the last national election was 65.77 % for the eu election it was 36 % , in spain we see a 68.4 % turnout for national elections and 45.9 % turnout for european elections . 
  while i ca n't be bothered to go through all the stats i 've yet to find a single national election with voter participation under 50 % . 
  meanwhile the only big country with an over 50 % eu parliament turnout was italy . 
  admittedly stats get better in smaller countries such as denmark , luxembourg and belgium however we still see that overall the eu parliament does not attract the same level of participation as national ones . 
  on your second point as i said that 's an interesting angle to consider , and to an extent a valid one . 
  however i 'd say a similar issue exists with the eu parliament albeit manifested in a different way . 
  a disconnect exists between why the voters vote and what they end up voting for . 
  take for example the labour party 25.4 % of the vote . 
  the labour party belongs to the s&d grouping in the european parliament . 
  however the voters are most certainly not voting for an s&d programme . 
  the s&d is very federalist something anathema to the british public . 
  so clearly the populace is voting on national issues , thus a disconnect still exists albeit in a different form . 
  ultimately however the different emphasis of importance you and i place on this issue is down to our different visions of the eu . 
  i feel it should be a formalised co-operation of independent nation states , you feel it should be an entity that eventually subsumes nations into one body . 
  i 'd still argue that its far from ideal . 
  furthermore legitimacy is very much based on a sense of cultural connection for many people , something the eu parliament currently lacks . 
  i really do not feel that is the case . 
  when no major eu country , barring italy , saw a turnout for eu parliament elections of over 50 % can you truly claim that the eu parliament truly represents what people want for europe ? 
  the issues is further complicated by the fact that people often vote in those elections on national issues , not european ones , as a way to send a message to the governing parties . 
  while i acknowledge that the eu parliament could potentially provide an excellent forum for discussion i feel that currently there is a strong disconnect between it and the average eu citizen . 
  i would argue people identify with the council far more . 
  their representative on the council is their national leader someone far more easily identifiable than their mep . 
  at that pointbit could be , and often is argued , that this has greater democratic legitimacy than the parliament currently . 
  perhaps but as me an / u/unicycling _ dinosaur have discussed currently people do n't really identify with the european parliament or even the eu on a personal level . 
  thus granting extra power could create a negatvie reaction , not the publicity you want . 
  also this is one of the calmest most reasoned discussion chain i 've ever had on this sub . 
  it 's really quite enjoyable . 
  i think the hofc does generate a lot of its own publicity . 
  every time an mp gives an interview , writes an op-ed piece , publically champions a cause , etc that creates publicity for the hofc . 
  while the papers could cover the eu parliament more generally meps fail to make themselves publically recognised figures . 
  although perhaps we hit chicken and egg here as well . 
  on identification and integration my instinct is that expanding this is to occur the change must be evolutionary , not passed down in one sudden reform . 
  this is perhaps because being a brit i 'm looking to my country 's history but nevertheless it stands . 
  our country 's democratic tradition and cureent system of parliamentary supremacy rarely came about through formal redefinition of powers . 
  when formal reform did occur e.g. 
  expanding the voting franchise or house of lord 's reform the change came with a clear public consensus in favour , not just a simple majority but wide support from almost all spectrums of society . 
  while i realise i 'm heavily simplifying certain issues this general trend appears to be the healthiest way to establish stable institutions . 
  and for me thus it should be wuth the eu . 
  certainly the eu is often used as convenient scapegoat . 
  that said itys a bit unfair to blame the national media for under-reporting on the eu . 
  their aim is above all to provide news that interests the reader and by and large the average reader is not very interested in what the eu parliament is doing . 
  you ca n't expect news outlets to foist stories on their readers which do no interest their readership.the eu parliament is , and should be , in charge of its own publicity . 
  thus its failure to establish a presence in people 's mind 's is its own failure . 
  however i think that there is also a greater underlying issue is that people fail to identify with it . 
  it is very hard to get people to identify with an institution that they do not feel culturally linked to . 
  a national parliament can appeal to shared heritage , language and expectations about life to create a sense of identification . 
  however as an eu identity is conspicuously lacking , or at least still a very vague notion currently , the eu parliament struggles to establish itself in people 's minds . 
  furthermore i do not feel that granting it further power would be a solution , indeed it would create further resentment due to lack of identification with it . 
  thus until the eu parliament can convince people to identify with it i do n't feel its a good resting place for sovereign power . 
  true the voters ideally should inform themselves . 
  i 'm just pointing out that claiming a federalist majority is n't necessarily clear cut . 
  furthermore it could be argued the fact that people vote on national issues suggests that eu parliament has failed to establish itself as an important presence in people 's minds which is a major flaw . 
  another issue is that people voting for parties do n't necessarily agree with the policies these parties have on a european level since they 're voting on national issues . 
  for example in the uk the idea of an eu federal state is wildly unpopular , indeed even most of the most vocally pro-eu groups are not in favour of this . 
  however labour , which got 25.4 % of the vote , belongs to the social democratic group which favours further integration despite the fact that the labour party would never endorse federalisation as a national party . 
  just to add to / u/cbfw86 comment its also partly party politics .
