  i kinda understand portuguese , but i do n't definetely speak it , or even write it , so that 's not even close to what he 'd should learn . 
  neither is mine , but hey , enjoy derrailing the thread , a ver quien la tiene m\u00e1s corta . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's a different language and yeah , he 'll understand some of it but you 're speaking as a native spanish speaker . 
  he does n't even know spanish yet . 
  of course it 's not necessary , i did n't say it was , but he 'll be missing out things for sure . 
   we 've discussed this before , you preety much only appear on reddit whenever there 's something involving catalonia , spain or independence of it so do you . 
  depends on where you live of course . 
  definetely get a lot better with catalan and of course , outside of the barcelona metro area it 's pretty much a given . 
  i do n't mind them not speaking catalan of course , but he 'll be missing things , i may have not been clear : it 's not about us wanting to speak catalan , it 's about him missing out . 
  in the corona metropolitana you can . 
  why is it so weird to put the effort of learning the local language ? 
  you 'd say the same of any other country . 
  of course , we all speak spanish , but we prefer speaking in catalan . 
  i doubt you 're even catalan so yeah . 
  yes we do , but most of us appreciate the effort . 
  are you even catalan ? 
  how do you even know this ? 
  referenda ? 
  in spain ? 
  i dunno , but the basque is clearly ** ahi va la ostia patxi ** ( also those are n't definetely them , that 's latin spanish ), 
  guiri trap , you should avoid tourists as much as possible, 
  and if you want to live in catalonia maaaaaybe probably you should learn catalan too , if you want to integrate edit : learning the language of the country you 're going to is verboten , gg spain, 
  spaniards used to call us and our language `` polacos '' despetively ( polish , but as an insult ) beacause they did n't understand catalan and hated that we used it ( as in , weird sounding , `` foreign '' , not spanish ) , so we owned that insult and made it the best satirical programme in das welt . 
  [ pol\u00f2nia is the best of the best ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgyst8mwtnw ), 
  [ everybody , even he himself , knows the true lyrics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wa8zxjwqoa ), 
  huh , looks like some kind of zaha hadid 's homage , but it 's very well executed ( low profile , good orientation ) . 
  it 'd be a crime to design the museum of architecture and then make it a pile of shit !, 
  i like how it combines the exterior and interior spaces into a whole , though maybe the windows are smaller than they should be . 
  ho sento , no m ` interessa en absolut . 
  crec que no ho entens , * qualsevol * maltractament animal * \u00e9s * maltractament animal . 
  aquests salts argumentals que canvien de tema no aporten res , sincerament . 
  els dos s\u00f3n actes de tortura animal i per tant son igualment deplorables, 
  ho sento , pero els veig com a tortura animal igualment, 
  no , sorry , you do n't get to be pissed . 
  ** we just have had a law that was passed through a popular initiative ( as in , people demanded it with signatures ) revoked by the spanish institutions ** . 
  we do have the right to be pissed . 
  and we are . 
  beacause corridas are not catalan tradition , they 're an imposition ( literally at this point ) upon us . 
  and they might not be popular * on some parts of spain * ( beacause go to pamplona and see what they say ) but they certainly are n't here . 
  so fuck off mate . 
  for the record , it 's his opinion , and i 'd wager that it is n't the majority . 
  do n't generalize, 
   and no one outside a few big plazas and pamplona likes that shit in the rest of spain either , one of them was bcn btw . 
  no , we had two plazas . 
  they were built in the early xxth century and they were going to close with or without the ban beacause nobody went to the corridas anyway . 
  they were n't demolished beacause they 're beautiful buildings and we now use them for other things ( like a giant mall ) . 
  get your facts straight , bullfighting is not part of our culture and we do not wish it to be . 
  stop forcing it upon us . 
  oh for fucks sake , stop it with the cheap demagogy . 
  of course those should 've been banned too , but the politicians were scared of losing votes . 
  no one outside of the ebre region likes that shit . 
  we do , but you know , loopholes . 
  also , tc overrules anything beacause spain is a very healthy democracy, 
  let 's kill and torture animals for fun again !, 
  * it 's art , you do n't get it !, 
  goddamm bavarians , they ruined scotland !, 
  we 've been pushing for a referendum for 6 years now . 
  there 's talk of it again beacause the cup insisted on it yes , but that 's what happens in a two - / three / - party goverment . 
  it 's not like puigdemont was against it anyway, 
  ... can you please tell me when we we had another try at this again ? 
  i mean , you could argue that during the second republic we tried , and in 1713 too , oh , and 1600-and-something !, 
  but yeah . 
  with the recent state of affairs , here in catalonia we should seccede and join m\u00e9xico . 
  after all , i 'm sure their random mr. s\u00e1nchez is * even * more entertaining than ours . 
   you think it 's the worst place to be in the world . 
  or maybe it 's your bias talking , i did n't say this was endemic to spain . 
  i dunno , i think here in catalonia we 're trying to make a real change , and peacefully . 
  change in spain wo n't happen thanks to the general apathy of the population and the caciquismo ( which btw , still exists , look at galicia ) . 
  yes , there was hope with podemos and all , but as it has been shown two times now , it is n't enough , not even close . 
  yet she is undoubtedly the most powerful and charismatic person in the entire party as she was during s\u00e1nchez 's term . 
  sadly , change in spain is only a matter of appearances . 
  if it was n't obvious before , this year proves it . 
   ( 9n was organised by uni\u00f3 ) which was amazing , btw . 
  but yeah , what you just said is the dream . 
  i would n't accept anything less than that though , and i think my opinion is the majoritary around here , so i ca n't see how they would spin anything else . 
  oh do n't you worry , we 're on it , now even quicker than before, 
  and psoe voters would just say ns/nc or lie ? 
  it should have been proportional , no matter what, 
  if i remember correctly , did n't brexit and other similar scare tactic stuff come into play for that to happen ? 
  yeah well , for me that 'd be the death of psoe though . 
  i reaaaally did n't belive in the sorpasso beacause you know , polls in catalonia have taught us that really nothing is true :p, 
  this is * very * big . 
  it could very well be the death of psoe, 
  not really , they actually are explicit about that . 
  obviously they want a referendum to declare independence , and they need to make it as legit as possible . 
  [ ahhhh , you mean like an uncivilized catalan m\u00e0 de morter ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/morter_i_ma_de_morter.jpg ) rock is ... rustic i guess ^ ( all-i-oli master race ! ), 
  this kinda ... blew up quick, 
  this is exactly what they want to do though, 
  it 's on !, 
  here we are really excited about this , it looks like the politicians are actually going to follow with what we have voted and demanded for years !, 
  also , i just found a financial times article about [ this ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/f024dad0-8595-11e6-a29c-6e7d9515ad15 ) ( i could only open it once , so be careful , beacause after that it 's paywall ), 
  felipe vi . 
  just take him . 
  and his family . 
  true , i 've seen it once used in the wild , but it 's residual, 
  it 's not even part of our language :p !, 
  ^ ( do n't tell spain us catalans know spanish too , it 's a seecreet ), 
  do these idiots even know where they happen to live ?
