   negotiations would be stopped the moment you say the word `` tolls '' , spain would never accept you trying to blackmail them into supporting you . 
  spain would . 
  they need us , their economy is more conected to ours than the other way around . 
  and anyway , we would never be the `` agressor '' in this issue , it 's a medium of legitimate defence . 
   imposing tolls on other nations is a pretty aggressive move , not really defensive . 
  not when the other country prevents you from being in the eu it is n't . 
  that is also quite agressive is n't it ? 
   no , but i 'm more inclined to trust data from an unbiased source than one supporting movement . 
  [ does the new york times suffice your needs ? 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2012/10/31/dealing-with-secession-in-europe/admitting-seceding-states-is-in-the-european-unions-interest )  how is it not unbiased ? 
  i do n't really see anything to support that claim ... as i said , it would be quite stupid to forge data for our own movement , what would be the point of it all if not this very data ? 
   the eu does n't need to officially confirm what their legislation is . 
  do you need your government to confirm that theft is illegal or do you just read the law like every one else ? 
  let me reiterate then : there is ** no ** legislation on this issue . 
   what crisis ? 
  it 's your country ( and some others down south ) that are experiencing a crisis , things are pretty great up here . 
  also who says the crisis wo n't be over in september ? 
  oh , so when greece is about to fall and ripple over to the entire community ( do i need to tell you who are the main investors of greece ? 
  ) , finland is in deficit , spain in austerity , extreme left and right wing parties gain popularity , there 's no crisis !, 
  yes , and this will be solved in september !, 
  do you live under a rock ? 
   or one that would be hit by sanctions by every country that have an interest in spanish products or simply just an ally of spain . 
  trying to blackmail your way into the eu is a pretty bad idea . 
  if you try to do this then you would lose whatever international support you think you have . 
  we would only do it as a legitimate defence , never as the agressor . 
   and you would like to stay that would n't you ? 
  tolls would just mean that spain would find another route . 
  i 'm guessing it would hurt pretty badly for the catalonian economy if spanish goods were n't in need of their roads or harbors . 
  they ca n't , we 've got all their land infraestructure . 
  rebuilding is not an option for them, 
  `` vice-president reding 's remarks on catalan independence '' how is this official in any way ? 
  it 's just her opinion , she has been drinking a bit of the spanish kool-aid . 
  every time another country makes any claim of support for us , the exteriors minister travels to that country and then [ they retract their support , just like this ] ( http://www.elsingular.cat/cat/img2/2015/05/cfr9fcnwyaatmex_772x574.jpg ) - left spain , right denmark - . 
  pretty pathetic, 
   the ruling coalion has broken its federation and electoral alliance after 37 years that is only proof that they 're pretty serious in doing this : part of the coalition was n't clear in stating that they were independentist so they were kicked out . 
  now we know for sure which parties are in favour of our liberation and which are not, 
  if that would be true they would have already stated it, 
  we would never be the `` agressors '' in this conflict , and it is perfectly legitimate for an independent country to have protectionist measures if their sovereignty is threatened, 
   so you are planning on blackmailing another nation to reach your goal ? 
  it 's not like they have n't done the same to us . 
   you know there are other ways into spain than through catalonia there are n't there 's mountains everywhere and 0 infraestructure built . 
   i doubt france or other nations or the eu would look kindly on you if you start restricting their goods or their ally 's travelling through your country this is only a possibility , but would probably only happen if negotiations are stopped by spain 's side ( as they have always been ) . 
  we would never be the agressors  also you seem to think that spain are the only ones that would/could block your admission into the eu , other countries with separatist movements might not want to support you . 
  that does n't honestly make any sense . 
  we would already be independent , the damage would already be done and no matter how much they deny it will matter . 
  by the way , apart from the uk and maybe italy , what other countries would that be ? 
   and not because of spain , but because other countries will fear this would set a precedent for their own regions which have similar issues . 
  i actually think most of the countries will take spain 's side regarding this . 
  once we 're independent they know that there 's no turning back , and no point in denying our independence . 
  this would be a good argument supporting the apparent indiference today in most european countries , but may i ask , apart from italy ( maybe reaching a bit too far though ) and the uk , which other countries have actual organised and credible independentist movements ? 
  anyway , yes , they will take spain 's side * and support us * . 
  we can force tolls on all spanish exportations to europe , since we 're their main route to there and where all the infraestructure has been built ( tunnels , trains , etc. 
  ) , just to give you an example that this is a double edged sword, 
  yeeeeahhh reddit does n't like us, 
   research done by your own pro-independence government , not exactly unbiased so , do you think that we are idiots ? 
  if we are independentists , is it beacause we skew our data ? 
  no , it is n't unbiased , we 're not that stupid , we need neutral data to support our claims . 
   does n't take into account what leaving the eu would do to your nation . 
  and that will happen , since you wo n't be automatically accepted and i doubt that you even would be , since almost no major government support you . 
  there 's no official confirmation of this claim of yours . 
  besides , if that were to happen we would get instantaneous support from every single eu country . 
  or do you think that in the middle of this crisis they would reject a * contribuiting * member , one which can put tolls to pretty much all of the spanish products ( since we 're their main route to europe ) , just to exemplify that this is double edged sword, 
  [ not to the degree of what we have to endure , we have the highest `` fiscal deficit '' in the world ] ( http://in.directe.cat/imatges/noticies/grafic-deficit-fiscal.jpg ) . 
  also , that 's not our only main argument . 
  there 's also the point of the cultural repression , we would love to have our own state in which our language is no longer persecuted by politicians so they can gain a few extra votes, 
   and you are not  i mean , they 're cheating , they wear skirts !, 
  that 's not fair !, 
  [ the only thing we have are these hats ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/barretina2.jpg ) and our escatological traditions !, 
  beacause there has n't been an official statement confirming that we would be kicked out . 
  even if that were the case , we would be readmitted immediately * with * the support of spain . 
  they absolutely need us , our economies are pretty conected ( though theirs more than ours ) and we are their main route to exportation into europe . 
  tolls are a tool of negotiation , and beacause of how spain has been `` collaborating '' in this whole process , a viable one . 
  that 's not true , there has n't been an official statement confirming that . 
  and even if that were the case , we would get the support of spain immediately , they absolutely need us, 
  are you serious ? 
  do you really think spain will use its military ? 
  perhaps you 're a follower of this xixth century spanish general : '' `` hay que bombardear barcelona cada 50 a\u00f1os para mantenerla a raya . '', 
  ( we must bomb barcelona every 50 years to mantain them at bay ) is this how you have to keep your state united ? 
  is n't it sad ? 
  so , the land of the free now does n't support democracy anymore , are you aware of the repression that we 've suffered and suffer , and how spain does n't even allow us a referendum ? 
  absolutely false, 
  and we will have it . 
  or does spain want to see tolls imposed on all of their products when they pass the only important route that connects them to europe ? 
  yes and no . 
  they 're `` plebiscitary elections '' , in which all parties supporting independence apart from ther normal programs will have as the first point the declaration of independence if they have a collective majority . 
  spain does n't allow any kind of referendum , arguing that the constitution does n't allow it . 
  which is false and biased , since the constitution was made to be ambiguous and open to interpretation , so if they wanted we could vote normally . 
  we 've had to come to this just beacause every proposal of negotiation has been denied ever since we began pushing for independence, 
  what does anything you said have any relevance ? 
  we live under much worse conditions both economically ( 16.000 m $ per year are sent to madrid in taxes and not reinvested into catalonia , just to give an example ) and culturally ( our language has been and is traditionally repressed by the central government ) . 
   does catalonia have a history of being independent ? 
  yes , but only for a few centuries in the middle ages . 
  after that , we controlled through our dinasty the kingdom of aragon , which was a pretty sucessful kingdom ( ruling the mediterranean sea for centuries ) and then entered decadence with the discovery of america until spain formed in 1714 with the brutal conquest of aragon and the city of barcelona . 
  after that , our language was forbidden and persecuted for centuries , most notably on the xxth , where two dictators : franco and miguel primo de rivera forbade its use and our customs , relegating us to mere provinces of spain . 
  we are a nation , that 's undefutable and we 've had enough of this country of corruption and mistreatment, 
  [ this is a bit out of date , beacause it 's talking about a reivindicative consultation that we did on november the 9th where more than 2m people went to vote , but it summarizes it quite well ] ( http://interactius.ara.cat/9n/en ), 
  `` uuuhhh so smelly , why would they want their own state ? 
  * surely * they 're fine in this * statu quo * which i know nothing about '', 
  [ of course it is ] ( http://presidencia.gencat.cat/web/.content/ambits_actuacio/consells_assessors/catn/informes_publicats/inf_18_angles.pdf ) , another thing is that you do n't want to inform yourself about what you 're talking about, 
  we wo n't be `` granted '' independence of course , spain would never accept it .
