  i have family in * northern * navarra and they do n't even speak basque . 
   lli\u00f3n and castille as i said should be different . 
  anyway , i 'm just defending the asturian nation and i 'm not going to force anybody to have their own nation or defend that idea , i 'm saying my opinion . 
  i see your point . 
  though in my opinion what you 're doing is trying to turn asturias * into * a nation . 
  which it was before , no doubt about that , but it was absorbed into spain ( sadly btw , i actually hate local cultures getting destroyed ) . 
   well , some of us would n't feel represented in that federal state , at the end it would be the same that the current situation . 
  that 's not a change or an improvement at all . 
  and imho that real nations part ... , is just another sign of disrespect . 
  it would n't , beacause we 'd get to talk * bilaterally * with spain , since now we 're stuck with all of the other communities when we obviously should be talking with madrid 1 to 1 . 
  what we here argue is that we 're over the communities thing . 
  and no offense , but what do you want me to say ? 
  at least now ( it could change ) i do n't see how asturias is a nation . 
  it has it 's own culture , language , and people do recognise it as different , it has a beautiful anthem , but as of right now all of those characteristics are not `` potent '' enough to be comparable to a standard nation in the rest of the world . 
  though weirder things have been seen , as i said , i 'd consider asturias a nation if their own people did so . 
   and who is the one that says this is a nation , that one is n't ? 
  i do n't know how everyone identifies with and i do n't care ( thats a private thing for everyone ) , but what i know is the different cultures , languages and traditions that all those parts have . 
  the people living there . 
  and i bet whatever you want that a majority of the asturians would n't call asturias a nation , equal to spain or portugal . 
  if that changes let me know . 
   i never said that , some of them are nations and others are part of others ( like the ones which form castille ) . 
  which are ? 
  if even andalucia is a nation then what the hell , make soria a city-state . 
  of course the regions in spain are different between eachother , beacause that 's why we can identify them , but that does n't make them different enough to call them nations . 
   i do n't know if you know that , but lli\u00f3n should n't be a part of that thing called castile and le\u00f3n because lli\u00f3n is more related to asturies than to castille ( it was part of the kingdom of asturies , the one that later evolved to the kingdom of lli\u00f3n ) . 
  i briefly remember something about this thanks to ck2 , but was n't castille & le\u00f3n a thing for centuries ? 
  you literally said that le\u00f3n and castille are nations . 
  also , if if andalusia , canary islands , etc. 
  are their own nations this makes castille & le\u00f3n a nation by itself ( baaasically , i know cantabria , extremadura etc. 
  exist ) . 
  you 're propping up nations where their own people living there do n't even want to exist . 
   they 'd be part of spain , if we 're a federation i assume they would n't have state status beacause sincerely it would be autonomias 2.0 and we 'd be out if that were the case . 
  that 's why they do n't matter , since the capital would be already in their home turf . 
  unless galicia is its own state too , which again , i doubt . 
  that 's what you said too . 
  yes ? 
  which is the same i 'm saying now . 
  in a iberian federal state i 'd only be for it if the * real * nations got federation status . 
  portugal , catalonia , spain , * maybe * galicia , euskadi . 
  the though part would come with val\u00e8ncia and balears , but who knows with those two . 
  you can twist my comment however you like , but i did say this :  you just made that up , but whatever . 
  spain as it is today has a number of separate nations inside of it and that is not okay for some people , like you , maybe ? 
  of course we have shared values . 
  we share a lot of values with france and portugal too !, 
  so maybe you 've got your tags switched up ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is that certain people call every single community a nation so that every single community * is n't * a nation , beacause it makes the term worthless if every single one is . 
  it ai n't new . 
  look , asturias can be a nation , i 'm not denying that . 
  i 'm saying that it currently is n't . 
  if , as i said , the majority of people identify as asturian that 's about it . 
  to throw around the term like that and say that every community is a nation ( you know as well as i do that it is n't true ) gives a different , lesser meaning to the term . 
  or are you saying that le\u00f3n and castille are as different as france and italy ? 
  triggering people eh ? 
  here 's a good one : [ catalan countries from space ] ( http://www.arabalears.cat/2016/08/15/balears/imatge-illes-lestacio-espacial-internacional_1632446874_33369101_1200x788.jpg ), 
  asturies ? 
  the canary islands ? 
  asturias ? 
  those are definetely ** not ** nations . 
  they do n't have their own language ( spoken by a majority ) , they do n't have their own independent history ( continued until today , no `` 500 years ago '' nonsense ) , they do n't even * feel * * insert community here * first and then spanish . 
  they feel spanish . 
  beacause they are , and that 's what their nationality is . 
  i find it quite hypocritical that we had to fight tooth and nail to even get a * slight * mention of how we * might * be an actual nation in our estatut ( destroyed by the tc btw ) and now everybody is a nation beacause fuck you catalonia you 're not better than us . 
  this is one of the reasons i 'm independentist . 
  ... sorry , could n't take that guy seriously . 
  galicia could be considered a nation too , but that 's about it imho . 
  no disrespect . 
  to consider all communities nations devalues the term , effectively making valid the `` cafe para todos '' which is just an open insult to us catalans ( as in , yes , the rest of spain is as different as you are , look , they had comuneros !, 
  they 're unique ! ) . 
  to recognise everyone means that no one is recognised , leaving an open space for a `` common '' nationality culture , that is , the spanish one , to be imposed . 
  in the first place though , we need to vote . 
  until we ca n't hold a proper referendum we wo n't accomplish much , and this will be very very hard given spain 's interference ( they have even threatened to revoke all of our autonomy and rule directly from the capital ) . 
  i do agree with you . 
  if/when we are able to vote on a referendum ( accorded or not ) and we happen to win i expect the rethoric to change instantly , beacause spain can not seriously hope to maintain a territory that has decided by majority to leave . 
  we 've already had confirmation of a few eu countries that they 'd support us in a negotiation , so here 's hoping . 
  i mean of course they are , and one of the core differences is the preferential treatment . 
  oh alright , so fuck catalonia but welcome scotland ? 
  such hypocrisy , it shows that they only say this to screw the uk . 
   that 's absurd and insulting . 
  how is catalonias claim for autonomy or nationality any different from the other kingdoms of spain ? 
  what makes you so special ? 
  so , catalonia is unique , but the rest is just a mixture than can not be distinguished ? 
  seriously ? 
  i 'm containing my laughter . 
  very hard . 
  catalonia is a nation . 
  the basques too . 
  the rest are not . 
  what kingdoms ? 
  the kingdoms of navarre , granada , castille & le\u00f3n ? 
  holy shit you live in medieval times or what ? 
   also , not changing history . 
  the way of st. james has been one of the main cultural unifiers , not only of the iberian peninsula , but of europe as well . 
  even france is heavily involved in the way of st. james . 
  for someone who wants to keep history pure , you seem to avoid the inconvenient stuff to your argument . 
  oh , no , i was just referring to the fact that translating it to catalan makes little sense , we all speak spanish here too you know . 
   you keep talking and talking about spain and catalonia as if they are completely separate places , with no common history or shared values or religion or whatever . 
  that , and the incredibly insulting idea that only catalonia is unique in the peninsula . 
  you just made that up , but whatever . 
  spain as it is today has a number of separate nations inside of it and that is not okay for some people , like you , maybe ? 
  of course we have shared values .
