  the civil wars in this state are usually kickstarted by the more ... `` reactionary '' side, 
  [ nope , sorry , the submarine is ours , invented by narc\u00eds monturiol :p ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narc%c3%ads_monturiol ), 
  [ the submarine is basically putting a long stick in a ship , anyway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narc%c3%ads_monturiol ), 
  what a shame , though since democracy derives it 's power from the will of the people , it 's just a formality so we do n't really care about that . 
  yes , and raising objection to that * is forbidden * . 
  great , democracy and all of that, 
  of course !, 
  have n't you heard , we * love * to persecute cultures and deny basic rights such as self-determination and expression !, 
   copa del rey  spanish hymn  the king and politicians are there  the flag was banned by a political entity oh , funny how only the statu-quo is * apolitical * !, 
  huh , thank you !, 
  nah , i mean with galego , euskera , etc. 
  and i 'm guessing it 's the same for anglaterra ( inglaterra , etc. ), 
  right ? 
  no , it 's not this , in another comment chain he claims that `` spanish is used to refer to all of the languages in spain '' , so catalan is spanish in his view, 
  no , but catalan mapmakers were the most prestigious in medieval times and i read somewhere ( -  not reputable source btw ) that the turkish mapmakers used them as reference , so they copied the names that we used, 
  yeah , that 's why i said colloquially :p, 
  we call it alemanya here . 
  people also refer to the netherlands as `` holanda '' and gb as `` anglaterra '' ( colloquially ), 
  i did n't get that vibe from him , honestly . 
  and since he did n't actually explain himself ( he just linked a random map from wikipedia ) , i doubt it, 
  you use spanish to refer to catalan ? 
  really ? 
  what the fuck ( as in , you call catalan `` espa\u00f1ol '' ? ), 
  no , you see , spanish ( espa\u00f1ol ) refers exclusively to castellano . 
  it has never ever been any different . 
  it has not been used * ever * when speaking about catalan , basque or any other language in spain . 
  i 've never even seen someone make this mistake , but i can give you plenty of examples as to why ( here 's [ a fun one ] ( https://blogdehistoriaderafa.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/habla-espac3b1ol-catalunya-1940.jpg ) ) . 
  also , we say castellano here in catalonia for historical reasons , since that 's the language the people in castilla spoke , but i can call it espa\u00f1ol if i want and people understand me , it 's just a dialectal difference . 
  what you 're saying is like english refered to welsh , scottish gaelic , etc. 
  * and * english even though they 're separate languages anyway . 
  it makes no sense . 
  edit : loving been downvoted to hell just a second after replying , keep it classy, 
  i do n't see what you 're talking about , just a map of the evolution of the languanges in the penninsula ( and yes , i read spanish and no , there 's no reference to what you 're saying there ) . 
  are you trying to say that spanish is used to refer to catalan ? 
  beacause that 'd be a fun joke, 
  ... what ? 
  is it now ? 
  what 's the point of that , languages are n't bound by borders , it makes no sense . 
  did you make that up ? 
  anyway , i do n't care , enjoy your day , i 'm not arguing about this crap again, 
  catalan is not a spanish language . 
  you mean romance ? 
  same in catalan, 
  this whole thread is pretty retarded imho, 
  it is , but notice how he referred to da vinci and not him :p, 
  was vitruvius that famous ? 
  ( i know you 're referring to da vinci , but it 's called the ` vitruvian man ' for a reason ), 
  oh i fucking know source : i 'm trying to survive it, 
  and the best architects too !, 
  this is just not true . 
  the opposite is though , sadly, 
  sounds pretty duable actually !, 
  and do n't worry , i 'm from barcelona ( aka . 
  overcrowded capital of the world ) so i know the feel , and the heat ai n't no big deal :p !, 
  i might check it out then !, 
  i do n't need to quote an imaginary source , this is well established history . 
  the counties of barcelona are the antecessor to catalonia , like castille is the antecessor of spain . 
  catalan translations are hilarious , since we use a lot of contractions and short-hands for words that google should know ( i guess ) but does n't . 
  at least over here people do n't want to go to croatia beacause they say it 's overcrowded . 
  same with prague . 
  i 'm talking about the eu as a whole , which either ignores us or says that we 'd have to apply for membership again , not about these specific meps . 
   well , imho they 're ( they have a different culture , tradition and a shared language ) , some might say that they should be a part of a bigger catalan nation . 
  i do n't have a clear opinion on that . 
  neither do i. 
  the catalan countries is just a cultural union of sorts , like the basque countries ( literally like those ) so it 's not really a `` thing '' big enough to be considered a nation . 
  though the cup wanted to seccede all of them from spain a while ago . 
   we 're all different , afaik there is n't a unit that measures that kind of differences . 
  the only thing i have clear is that if we 're going to try to measure that the more different will be the basques . 
  there is n't yeah , this is all subjective opinion after all . 
  if we here had our own state things would be different though . 
   some of us do . 
  this is not about what most of the people think . 
  if all asturians think that the earth is flat , it does n't matter it 's still round . 
  this is about history , culture and traditions . 
  we 're talking about a subjective political opinion not a scientific fact . 
  look at ireland : they 've mostly lost their language and culture but they 're still a nation , beacause they belive they are . 
   that 's the same that the spanish nationalists says . 
  exactly how ? 
  this is diametrically opposed to what a spanish nationalist would say . 
  they oppose caf\u00e9 para todos yes , but for exactly the opposite reason , they do n't want more diversity , they want less . 
  balears are n't 100 % against it , valencians are . 
  it 's just a cultural union that has been blown out of proportion by a certain party . 
  as i said in another comment , asturias was a nation , and now it is n't , beacause most people there do n't identify it as such . 
  case closed , detective . 
  also , the history of catalonia begins with guifr\u00e9 el pil\u00f2s , but whatever . 
   yeah , no . 
  you are not an independentist because you love your land . 
  you are just an asshole with a `` self-righteous purpose '' . 
  nah , i want my nation to be recognised as such internationally and the only way to do so is to be independent , beacause spain does not accept divergence from the `` una grande y libre '' . 
  el caf\u00e9 para todos was just its latest iteration . 
   so if more than a half of catalonians say that they are n't a nation , would that mean that catalonia is n't a nation ? 
  that 's crazy and not true . 
  you need something very strong to base your opinion on nationality . 
  this exact point is why val\u00e8ncia and balears are tough to define . 
   asturies or galiza are different form andalusia or valencia that catalonia from asturies or galiza and andalusia . 
  yes , but catalonia is also as different as spain and portugal are . 
  it 's not that they 're the same , they 're not , but they 're are * more similar * than catalonia or euskadi . 
   i was pointing that they ( i would say us as my father 's parents are from there ) should be culturally related to us than from castille . 
  obiously that changed , they are almost losing their own language . 
  which again , is a disgrace .
