  all of these three regions have minoritary support toward nationalism and you know it . 
  they might have a regionalist party at best . 
  plus centralist france has n't even allowed their languages to become even co-official , and since the populations are rather small , they do n't have much say . 
   the lega nord has been very strong and using the same arguments as you use ( and never reply when you 're proved wrong  about roma ens roba ) the lega nord does not demand a referendum for independence , and if they do they should be allowed to ( if they have enough support , which they do n't ) . 
  if they use the same arguments as i do so what ? 
  maybe they 're right maybe there wrong , but it 's not the point of this . 
  hahahaahah like that time you replied to me with a bunch of irrelevant links ? 
  yeah , right  5 nations do n't seem cherrypicking , and they seem a better fit for comparison for spain.if you want to compare spain with a random nation why not argentina or japan instead of sweden ? 
  maybe beacause argentina or japan are n't in the eu like sweeden is ? 
  how the hell are serbia or bih , both countries that were at war just a decade or two ago comparable to spain ? 
  hungary , romania and poland are eastern european countries , with a totally different economic outlook and no big nationalist movement demanding independence inside of them , so again , what 's the point ? 
   a sweden that to get rid of it 's minorities as samis and roma used compulsory sterilization until they got an homogeneous nation and where ethnic hate is on the rise . 
  yeah , like half a century ago , alright . 
  and `` ethnic hate is on the rise '' ? 
  do n't make me laugh , it 's not a sweeden-only issue , and how is this relevant to letting the people decide for themselves ? 
  scotland is bound to the uk and has to exit the eu despite their will , which is the point of this discussion , do n't derrail . 
   germany only became an homogeneous nation after ww2 , the whole genocides against roma , jews and other minorities and the forceful resettlement of germans from eastern europe , not sure how it 's a valid comparion . 
  again , we 're in the xxith century , not the xxth , do n't derrail . 
   if it looks like a duck , swims like a duck , and quacks like a duck , then it probably is a duck . 
  if it talks like an eurosceptic , use eurosceptic populism and rants like an eurosceptic it 's an eurosceptic probably . 
  it 's not like anybody in spain would admit to be eurosceptic ( well , vox and the cup ) , iglesias has been a long time eurosceptic and was crying crocodile tears about brexit but for fucks sake , i do n't even know what are you trying to say with this . 
  so what ? 
  oh no , i did n't meant that , sorry if i was misunderstood . 
  only in cases where there is a clear will of the people for dismantling should that be done ( beacause if that is n't the case there 's no point : a multinational state and a nation-state behave pretty much the same ) . 
  basically , guaranteeing the right of self-determination , which in the case of the uk is accepted but sadly it seems like it 's an exception . 
   all with bigger eurosceptic support and bigger ethnic troubles than spain . 
  so does france have at least two nations inside of it with near majorities of independentism ? 
  guessed as much . 
  italy does n't have that problem aswell , independentism in padania is a joke , and the other countries you listed are obvious cherry picking , why did n't you say sweeden , germany or denmark ? 
  i know , i know , independentists are never right , of course !, 
   the only difference is that in the third one it 's a political suicide to say you 're eurosceptic . 
  maybe beacause we 're not eurosceptic ? 
  that kinda kills your narrative does n't it ? 
  look mate , if you do n't really have a point ... what 's the point in replying ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm not talking about that though , a federal europe is a good long-term objective in my opinion , but it should be comprised of nation-states , which are much more stable than states such as the uk or spain, 
  if they want out , why not ? 
  when situations like scotland arise in which a cohesive part of the population decides radically against the rest ( spanish elections in which we voted for the left in catalonia en masse and got a massive right win or in this case scotland ) it just creates more and more problems for the whole state , and in turn , the eu . 
  i mean , that 's partly why i 'm an independentist , but this right here is a great example about that . 
  i fully support whatever the scotts decide , though this clearly shows that in order for eu to be a stable union , multi-nation states make it unstable and , in my opinion , should be dismantled . 
  not really . 
  people will remember the mythos surrounding madrid , like the newest `` les hemos destrozado el sistema sanitario '' and the like . 
  this is n't just for money , that 's what the rest of spain does n't seem to understand , it 's about dignity and culture too . 
  comparing the corruption in catalonia and in spain is ridiculous , since the spanish is * exponentially * bigger . 
  and anyway , we do n't have to deal with the spanish one if we seccede , so that 's actually a point in our favour . 
  catalonia is actually the community with less corruption cases per m inhabitants , and as you can see [ the big ones are relatibly small ] ( https://cdn.thinglink.me/api/image/513046307816865793/1024/10/scaletowidth ) - cas palau and pretoria are in catalonia - . 
   that are blamed upon madrid are fault of the generalitat ( `` peajes '' in the highways and high education costs for example ) . 
  we have `` peajes '' beacause madrid simply does not invest in infraestructure in catalonia and we have to build our highways with private investment . 
  not saying that some people are n't getting filthy rich off of this ( they are ) , but it is madrid 's fault . 
  furthermore , whereas in communities such as madrid investment is surpassed and overinvestment happens , in catalonia it is normal to see only around 70 % of the promised investment met . 
  not much . 
  i 've been talking with a lot of dissapointed podemos voters and all of them concur that trying to change spain is impossible , so they try to seccede instead . 
  yeah , that 's probably it . 
  i guess going around to a certain % of towns was n't `` worth it '' . 
  but then again , that makes the poll worthless , i hope it 's the last time this will happen, 
  well damm . 
  i mean , it 's pretty obvious that spain will never change then , it 's sad . 
  i do n't even know how polls could be so wrong . 
  maybe people did n't want to say they voted psoe and said podemos instead ? 
  it 's pretty sad to see bipartism arise from the grave ... 
  anyway , this lets psoe and pp ally without much fallout, 
  i 'm guessing this will let pp and psoe ally without much fallout, 
  i remember being taught in highschool history that galicia was the region where `` caciquismo '' had the biggest impact in the early xxth century , and that it really never went away . 
  sad to see that it still persists , but i hope that newer generations grow wiser . 
  yeah , i saw some ... concerning videos about old people being manipulated in galicia . 
  and you can probably guess what they were voting . 
  yet podemos is landsliding pretty hard , and a pact with psoe seems realistic . 
  [ map by constituencies , same colours as op 's post ] ( http://imgur.com/hdwlgew ), 
  would franco do the same ? 
  sorry , i do n't have time for fascists, 
  huh true , he comments in the donald ... 
  i did see some threads on other subrreddits proving that we 've been raided by stormfront and the likes , guess he 's one of those idiots . 
  really now , is this guy a self-aware troll or is he seriously saying that ? 
  no , but they did vote on independence various times and failed on all of them . 
  we have n't even been given the chance to do that , and yes , all consultations were inquiring about full-on independence like we want to do . 
  actually quebec did n't get a referendum when they asked , it was pretty unilateral , so we 'll see what happens . 
  i hope that at least some kind of deal can be reached too . 
  dunno , we 've got data backing us up . 
  it wo n't be easy though, 
  we 're all doomed are n't we :p ? 
  yes , but given a case of secession we would n't even need or want a `` good '' deal : something mundane such as common market access , sold as `` they wo n't be getting into the eu ! '', 
  would work ( and sounds like any spanish politician would say , especially one from pp ) . 
  it 's how you sell it that counts really , avoiding a collapse is pretty easy if there 's some kind of negotiation involved . 
  i heard from the catalan goverment that they want to use eu institutions as mediation , so we 'll see where that goes . 
   you nationalist scum . 
  well , people got it or it would n't be upvoted , so i do n't feel like it 's necessary to fall into pointless discussions once again . 
  there 's enough of them in this thread already . 
  you are free to belive whatever you want , but i 'd appreciate it if you 'd inform a little about our cause and why we want this . 
  it is not populism . 
  the spanish politicians , mainly pp and psoe, 
  this is not for you to say, 
  obviously , since the alternative is disastrous both for spain and catalonia . 
  though seeing how the brexit went ... 
  the cup is minoritary though , and very radical pro-independence . 
  they belive val\u00e8ncia and balears should seccede too, 
  a secession is not instantaneous , it 's crazy to think that we would just cut all ties with spain in an instant . 
  there will be negotiations to avoid exactly what you just said . 
  actually no , but if you only notice the comments in which i 'm talking about catalonia ( which , spoiler alert , i do beacause i 'm catalan and i happen to care for where i live ) it 's not my fault . 
  you can check this comment thread and see who derrailed it . 
  you seem to be trolling quite hard in this thread , speaking * only * about catalonia when we 're not even discussing that .
