  do any of the universities you plan to go to have an exchange program ? 
  look into it sadly there are only two architecture universties here in barcelona but i think one of them * does * have exchange programs with american universities . 
  i 'm fluent in spanish , catalan , english ( crappy accent but i can hold my ground , trying to improve that ) and beggining to comprehend the doom that is german . 
   did you see a lot of buildings under construction ? 
  by the time you come back , the skyline is going to look different . 
  i know you like architecture , so you might like this site : http://newyorkyimby.com/ check out the supertall section . 
  yup , there was lots of construction ... kidna reminded me of when my country was booming a decade ago . 
  also , one of my must do things is visit the one-world trade center , when it opens !, 
   glad you had a good time , you probably only got to do 5 % of the things here , so obviously you will need to come back . 
  yup , i 'm even planning routes to get to live there , so there will be plenty of ny in my life ( hopefully ) !, 
   as far is being in the middle of brooklyn , you were still in the `` cool '' part of brooklyn . 
  i 'm talking about taking the train another 45 min to an hour further out . 
  some of the places are proper restaurants , but most are just take out shops . 
  yeah i guess ... even if i 'm living in the outskirts of barcelona and this is * prooobably * not the best place around here i 'd say it 's miles past what i saw there ... and if that was part of the `` cool '' part well ... yeah , i got there from jfk in taxi and saw plenty of stuff , i guess when a city gets that big tends to have these kind of districts  i hope you did n't wait for hours for the halal to one of those hyped up ones . 
  oh hells no , i come from one of the most tourist-ty cities in europe , i know my ways !, 
  i just waited until one day rained and casually went there and got one !, 
   also hope you got some corned beef or pastrami at a deli . 
  this now goes to my to-do list next time , thanks !, 
  which is terribly sad , considering it 's the best dessert on the world !, 
  any good traditional restaurant will have it though, 
  great ( thanks for your tips btw ) !, 
  probably the best vacation in my life and only a week later i wanted to fly over there again !, 
  oh , and i was in the middle of brooklyn ( ca n't remember exactly where but a few stops past jaymetrotech in the blue line ) and restaurants were delicous ... 
  though honestly , when you are searching for a kebab , a restaurant is the last place you 'll go ... 
  it 's not in that food category, 
  point is , they 're different . 
  like , the halal guys ( yeah , i ate there ) while great , do n't do the same things that we europeans like to eat . 
  it 's just a `` it 's better in my hometown '' i guess . 
  also things nobody said anything about : crema catalana , all the `` embotits '' ( word that we use to describe a wide range of pork sausages - which are n't sausages per say though , they do n't taste like that at all ) , pernil serrat ( * jam\u00f3n serrano * for guiris which probably is the best food to eat after being cut in the world no doubt ) , olive oil - it is crazy expensive - , etc. 
  yes !, 
  there 's some sanity around here at last !, 
  yeah , i saw some english there actually ( which has a lot of french influences for example ), 
  i was surprised to see that it 's pretty close to german actually , i have n't heard a lot of danish myself, 
  nah , i 'm not saying he 's wrong , i 'm saying he 's a populist, 
  he 's donating 75 % of his salary to an internet-based show about research periodism and `` uncovering the secrets of radical capitalism '' ... yeah, 
  instead of admiting that you were wrong you are just goingdown the ever-expanding rabbit hole and accusing me of whatever you feel like . 
  then you should n't be posting comments like that , belive it or not , there are palm trees in the mediterraneum , many in fact , it 's an species endemic of that coast . 
  excusing your ignorance but then making an absolute statement like that is something that reddit is plagued of , sadly, 
  he refuses to take part in the `` high politics class '' as he says , he 's a populist , though he has some truth backing him, 
   does n't look like europe . 
  i 've never seen palm trees on spanish or italian coasts . 
  use of plural denotes that you have been to many of these and never saw any . 
  which is * reeeeeeeeeeeeeaaally * weird, 
  because almost every single one does have them everywhere, 
  well ... we famously had the `` besos '' river ( right next to my city ) famously being the most polluted river in all europe because literally half of barcelona and the surrounding cities dumped all sewage to this poor little river . 
  if you grabbed water from it , put it in a bottle and let it heat up it could randomly explode stink for days ... thankfully we built around 3 sewage treatment plants and it looks like it 's solved now . 
  you have n't seen a lot of coasts then ... 
  they are everywhere, 
  probably . 
  all the mediterraneum coast suffers a lot of erosion, 
  thanks !, 
  we will certainly need it !, 
  thanks !, 
  i know it 's easy to compare our case to the scottish one , but we actually have many more reasons to be independent !, 
  ( that 's why i belive cameron let them vote while rajoy does n't ) anyway , we 'll actually bring a stable and reliable country in the south , with an economy comparable to denmark !, 
  well ... we in theory have power in education , aswell as all other basic stuff but it 's limited and they can overrule it whenever they want . 
  in fact , when we were voting to update these laws and make some sort of `` local constitution '' in 2006 , we voted it in referendum , won , approved it in our parliment and the spanish one ( albeit with heavy cuts ) and even then it was sent to the constitutional tribunal by the now ruling party and cut even more ( this is what sparked our most recent independentist campaign btw ) . 
  as one spanish politician said `` we fucked their estatut '', 
   chances the spanish will try and rig it ? 
  nah , they wo n't bother with that . 
  their mindset is that the referendum is illegal and so people will not be allowed to vote , whatever it takes ( they threatened to dissolve the catalan government and all of our autonomy laws ) , also they 'll push for boycott and try to convince people not to vote . 
  yes , i think that spain has historically always ( and this goes back centuries ) milked us for money , which we could use to live better . 
  we are the community with more debt and the one that gives more money away to others anyway . 
  in fact , we are the region in the world that ( proportionally to population ) gives more money , 15000m $ in 2011 from our taxes that were never reinvested in catalonia , for example . 
  though it 's not only about money , they are also threatening our culture and education , limiting the amount of hours that we can teach in catalan for example . 
  as the current minister of education said a few years ago ( while he was in charge ) `` our objective is to spanish-fy the catalan children '', 
  thing is , it 's not the goverment declaring the independence , but the whole populace that has voted as you said in favor of it . 
  in that case , spain would hold no legitimacy to hold us and it would be forced to release . 
  i 'd say we the independentists ( check my flair :p ) will win , by a country mile but with much lower participation because the potential `` no '' voters will boycott it ( that 's how spanish democracy works , if you do n't want it you do n't vote ) wich will be the biggest issue, 
  if the participation is high enough we will declare ourselves independent . 
  remember any riot in any of our 4 massive demonstrations these last years ? 
  there were n't any , we have always been peacefull and hopefully this will remain this way ... 
  sadly , i ca n't say the same for the spanish extremists , who have many times attacked with gas grenades our government 's building in madrid and assaulted its representant ( last time was 9 days ago ) , so we 'll see ... 
  i 've seen spaniards around here saying that they would `` defend their country doing whatever it takes '' and boasting the spanish army capability ( which btw is so tiny that ca n't invade catalonia for example ), 
  well , last polls rounded 55 % but they should update them , i feel that with the last demonstration independentism has been on the rise even more, 
   catalonia is not a sovereign state , or has a history of being a sovereign state , as scotland . 
  neither is scotland today , that 's what they were voting . 
  also it can be argued that aragon was basically catalonia under another name , with the palace in barcelona , the main language the catalan and the ruling dinasty being the counts of barcelona ( who were independent and formed the first catalan state ) . 
  also you seem to forget that we have declared ourselves independent at least 3 times already , it would n't be new . 
   is mostly because of economic issues . 
  and that is wrong because ? 
  you also seem to forget that madrid is threatiening our education , culture ( look at the funding of museus in barcelona vs madrid for example ) , transports , infraestructure , etc. 
  `` espanya ens roba '' ( spain steals from us ) . 
  i mean , seriously . 
  15000m $ in 2011 from our taxes were kept and given away at other communities while we are racking up huge debt due to that . 
  madrid * does * steal from us , belive it or not . 
   this , in catalonia , is very very true . 
  erc and ciu ca n't even agree on how they are going to present their project to madrid . 
  sorry what ? 
  we did present the problem to madrid a few months ago and i belive the answer to that was a huge * noooooooooooooo * ( also you can count our fiscal pact , l'estatut , etc. 
  as attemps that failed due to madrid 's intervention only ) . 
   one of the main reasons the independent movement grew so much lately , is because the undecided were tempted by the idea of a better state than spain , and the catalan separatists promised that . 
  which you also seem to forget that it is widely accepted worldwide that an independent catalonia would be viable , it is n't a `` seccessionist 's dream '' ( which btw , if you are pushing for independence it 's beacuse you know it 's worth it , nobody is so stupid ) . 
   i 'm 100 % for the vote , non-binding , and with a better wording , as in `` independent , yes or no ? '', 
  and not the stupid crap about an `` associated state '' and that sort of thing . 
  it shows lack of compromise . 
  it shows different oppinions , though i 'd say you 're right on that one . 
  the scots by the way tried to word it like us , but westminster changed the question . 
   also , if catalonia actually becomes independent , i believe that 100 % of the blame is how retarded rajoy is . 
  do n't antagonize people , negotiate and talk .
