  we 've been doing it for decades in democracy and centuries in spain 's history ( remember la mancomunitat ? 
  the federalists of the xixth century ? ), 
  and it has always failed . 
  quoting a spanish politician : * `` nos hemos cepillado el estatuto catalan como carpinteros *  we have cut the catalan `` estatut '' ( constitution of sorts ) like woodcutters, 
   spain 's government says it wo n't be legal but our government does ... 
  anyway , i do n't think we 'll get to vote or being realistic if we do , the participation will be really low and that will invalidate it . 
  i think that the only solution would be to organise an election with all the parties in favour of independence togheter ( plebiscitary ), 
  you 're so biased , know so little of our history and are so gullible of tve lies that i fear you might be irrecoverable . 
  literally all you said is false ... 
  ok , whathever , do n't expect that accusing someone of terrorism will get you very far, 
  you 're overreacting so much , it 's so funny ... 
  okay , i 'll guess i 'll make it eli5 : usa no like uk even if uk did n't let usa go usa did it anyway . 
  happy ? 
  you understand know why a paper ca n't hold a whole nation against its will ? 
  okay . 
   by contrast , the catalans have full access to the democratic levers of spain . 
  you do n't know what triggered this wave of independentism do n't you ? 
   if you 're threatening that the catalans want to follow the eta , ira model - whatev ' , that 's down to you . 
  you 're way overreacting but if that 's your thing , keep it to yourself, 
  the referendum itself , and this law is made to authorise it , but it 's just a `` consultations law '' ( allows all kinds of referendums , not just the 9n one ) , not an `` independence vote '', 
  nope not true , we approved the law to make it . 
  we have n't called officially for referendum yet , but it 'll happen shortly, 
  but that 's not true , the problem is that the interpretation of the conservationist movement * does n't allow it * , the constitution does . 
  besides that , a piece of paper has neven had much value when the people who give it refuse to . 
  must i remember you how usa formed ? 
  no , we really have always gone our way and this scotland thing was an excuse to say `` see madrid ? 
  voting is normal '' . 
  their result has only been up to them and the reaction to that is a bit of sadness for failing to achieve independence and that 's it . 
  our nationalist movement has existed for centuries , this is not new . 
  also , we will probably use our own catalan law for the referendum , we 're voting it today !, 
  we rallied almost 2m of our 7m ( total ) population a few days ago and yet what scotland today decided might somehow influence our will to vote ? 
  totally the contrary , they did a marvelous democratic exhibition and we want to do just that . 
  compare the answer from madrid : a 1m video with no questions allowed after ( not that they even could due to being a recording ) saying that an independent scotland would collapse and that they followed this or that law to vote from rajoy vs a full-morning long analysis from our president with questions answered by him directly in 4 languages , challeging rajoy to be a true democrat and allow us to vote, 
  we 'll try whatever we can to show the world that we are democratic , and i 'll love some international supervision just to prove that, 
  man you have no idea , i need to buy new clothes , these are so small, 
  but that 's not true !, 
  eu citizenship is linked to a country when given , but the possibility of revoking that is not contemplated there, 
  not legally !, 
  though well , we 're skipping the spanish constitution for example , they could also do that ... even if that would make them hypocrites ( big surprise ), 
  ... since ? 
  we do n't thrust the central government ( we have been doing it for about 30 years of democracy and still they overule us blatantly ) , we do n't care about international politics and yes , if we were a federation , they certanly would force us crap , their mindset wo n't change . 
  switzerland by the way is pretty similar in terms of population , area and economy as catalonia , we would be good friends , i 've seen a few texts comparing the two, 
  because they were had it before , they were eu citizens . 
  and there is no law in the eu to revoke that, 
  better than drifting through space throughout the centuries , like our exteriors minister said about us, 
  we would never accept federalization . 
  it is too late, 
  * riiiiight * ... except when pp does n't like what we do and rules us over ... or when madrid wants more money and cancels our income and redirects it to them ... or when we should n't be in power of teaching in our language and the catalan education law is overruled by the spanish ministry ... etc. 
  welcome to spanish diplomacy, 
  yeah , but look at the three next parties, 
  but then again , i did n't say that you should not write in english , i told you the contrary !, 
  you ca n't ignore the things that happened and why some people get upset about how they are called . 
  the fact that you do n't share the same opinion with them does n't mean that you do n't have to respect them . 
  refer to things the proper way , if you did n't have a problem you would have done it the first time or at least when i told you . 
  yup , a lot of immigration and people are more right-winged there , which basically means unionist, 
  so you would n't mind at all if at random i spoke about ~ ~ suiza ~ ~ ~ ~ ibiza ~ ~ ~ ~ su\u00e8cia ~ ~ ~ ~ sweeden ~ ~ suecia !, 
  ( ah , there , i got it right ! ) ? 
  you see , using a neutral language or using the native one to refer to our country is good . 
  using one that has been imposed there and has ruled over the pre-existing one is n't so nice . 
  * ok by me , though then you wo n't have a problem with me responding you in castilian right ? 
  how curious that everyone speaks in english though is n't it ? 
  * catalonia/catalunya * and yes , it 's a clusterfuck , no wonder we 've got no jobs here !, 
  i would n't mind getting an empire , not at all , especially getting back * our * empire, 
  thank you for your support , it means so much !, 
  balears now is n't in the same region as spain and so on, 
  we will , thanks !, 
  we will show them that the will of the people has much more power than a piece of paper !, 
  we have adapted that song that was sung in the traditional celebration !, 
  [ what do you think of our rendition ? 
  the lyrics are from one of our most important poets - now deceased - ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzlzcqmouhy ) . 
  it has been made to commemorate our recent struggle for independence and sung by our most prestigious youth choir , and sang over the ruins of the city of barcelona in the year that it fall to spanish troops ( 1714 ), 
  good luck with your independence !, 
  i see you like demonstrations too !, 
  no , i meant it ended at the bottom of it ... which is la s\u00e8nia i think, 
  it spanned across all the country , from top to bottom . 
  if it was n't larger is because the country ended there, 
  not saying that they did n't, 
  look . 
  leave it be ok ? 
   a human chain is a form of demonstration in which people link their arms as a show of political solidarity . 
  not marching in a street . 
  let 's say it 's a street protest . 
  anyway this discussion is pretty stupid , we all can agree on that , ca n't we ? 
  because there is n't a concentration of people , a human chain is that , a human chain . 
  you have n't got a strong point when you 're arguing about a definition, 
  ... by arguing that we might not having it sounds like you 're upset that we do . 
  demonstrations and human chains are clearly the same thing , we did one of those last year , check it out for yourself, 
   a public meeting or march protesting against something or expressing views on a political issue last time i checked , a human chain is n't a meeting or a march, 
  yes , but not a demonstration . 
  the name is used to define a huge amount of people clumped togheter in the streets of one city . 
  copypaste of my last comment :  not a demonstration , but a human chain ( we did one last year ! ), 
  i 'm denying that it would afect us much and that the implications that you speculate of are n't as big as you say they will . 
  also you forget that catalonia exports more outside of spain than inside of it and that it has been proven many times that boycotts never work, 
  ... not as a demonstration , which is what i said before, 
  you forget that an absurd amount of our money * does n't * come from industry and you ca n't generalise with only an example . 
  it does n't work that way, 
  no i did n't , i said that a milion is doubtful , 1.8 m was claimed by the police who have a history with low estimates, 
  it was amazing , we were all togheter there !, 
  it is a really cool experience !, 
  barcelona is leading in investment in all sourthen europe and let me tell you , the people who invest * know * about independentism and invest anyway , thanks .
