  no , my point is the one he stated , that there 's still francoists around . 
  i do belive this is pretty old to be relevant . 
  it was even before the crisis . 
  i can not find any poll about the eu , but almost all of the parties are pro-eu, 
  yes . 
  there 's an example of a pro-francoist even in this thread . 
  you may not like it but it 's reality . 
   your main export partners are eu members . 
  spain will veto your accession to the eu . 
  how well will you do if you have to pay tariffs on everything you export and import ? 
  we 're not even sure we will be out of the eu . 
  as it stands , we 're european citizens and no mechanism exists to kick us out . 
  i belive a transitory negotiation will be put in place via brussels to mediate , but everything about this is speculation . 
   the netherlands has eu access and more than double your population and economy . 
  our economy is comparable to a medium sized european country , that 's what i meant by that . 
  as i said , i said netherlands just as an exameple . 
   and in the end , who and what defines a nation ? 
  it is arbitrary . 
  right now catalonia certainly is a region of spain . 
  i also believe that national identity can exist within larger states . 
  i believe a great majority of scots think of themselves as a nation while a majority of scots also wish to remain in britain . 
  it is , but catalans see ourselves as a nation , and even many spaniards do too . 
  plurinational states do exist , spain is one , but they do n't like that . 
  just you wait , the axis of terror eta-catalonia-veneluzela will strike when you lest expect it !, 
  for the few threads that i 've really dive deep into about scotlands independence i have noticed that , at least a few months back when brexit exploded you did get a lot of support , but of course you know more about this than i. 
  no surprises though , the uk is a true democracy , much more than spain has always been . 
  the fact that they allowed you guys to get your referendum is a testament to that . 
  still , people vote based on flairs here , and ours and yours do n't have much esteem . 
  [ huh ] ( http://www.paginesviscudes.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/habla-espa%c3%b1ol.jpg ), 
  when they heard that scotland could ditch the uk and join the eu they were all happy with seccession though . 
  anyway , you would n't belive some of the shit i 've had to deal with . 
  i do n't use the term spanish trolls lightly , i mean it . 
  somebody created / u/aleixasv _ for example , and started insulting everybody i replied to and commenting crazy shit in random threads . 
  somebody else took it upon themselves to `` correct '' everything i said when talking about independence ( they told me so via pm ) . 
  another guy started linking year old comment threads where , without context , it would make me look bad , etc. 
  i sincerely suspect the spanish state does have monitoring over some of these threads . 
  it 's hard man sometimes . 
  yes , measured with a method that does not include statal investment ( that is , all of the investment that is re-invested in the functioning of the administration ) . 
  if you only took into account the communities , if the state did n't exist , you would be right . 
  as it is , it 's a heavily fallacious argument , created only to seed doubt . 
  madrid is the capital and as such it recieves heavy investment but not through the community itself . 
  there 's a comment in this thread that actually praises the francoist regime . 
  i 'm not even kidding , look it up , i reported it but it might still be there . 
   people who might say `` yeah , catalonia 's got some reasonable grounds for a reduced tax load '' like myself feel a lot less sympathetic to a `` well , we decided that we crossed a line when it comes to secession , so the other options are n't available now '' . 
  context is important , especially in this situation . 
  our ex-president , the one who tried for 4 years to reach some sort of pact of any kind with madrid got a prosecution to his name for it + forged accusations by some kind of gestapo unit of the police that were later proven to be purely politically motivated . 
   so what happens when cities and regions around the eu start thinking about seceding so that they can retain more money and avoid having to transfer funds to poorer areas ? 
  scottish oil was a selling point in the scottish referendum campaign , for example . 
  we are not a city or a region , we are a nation without a state . 
  we have a solid economy ( not based on natural resources ) , culture and language . 
  the only diference between us and the netherlands ( for example ) is statehood . 
  catalan is actually closer to italian than to spanish , so no wonder i 'm getting confused for one outside of catalonia !, 
  the constituional tribunal is biased beacause it is formed by ex members of the current ruling party and their interpretation of the constitution is flawed . 
  a law can be interpretated in many ways as it is within a reasonable margin , so they use it as an excuse . 
   thanks for taking the time to write this . 
  to me it seems that lots of this could be solved by granting catalonia the same rights the basques already have regarding taxation . 
  thing is , we already tried that , in 2012 , and we got a big `` no '' at anything we proposed . 
  there is no way we can go back to that now , it 's too late and we 're commited to this ( through an election in which the parties pro independence gained absolute majority in the parliment ) . 
  our chancellor of economy plans to have a completely independent fiscal system in place by january 2018 . 
   now that minister of education 's remark is indeed outrageous . 
  however as far as i know education in catalonia is a competence of the catalan government and catalan is being taught in every school there . 
  in theory it is . 
  de facto though , the constitunional tribunal can force our goverment to do what they please thanks to some extra powers that were given to them recently by the ruling party just for that ( separation of powers ? 
  what ? ) . 
   now why would n't they ? 
  law has to be enforced and holding a referendum is illegal in spain , thus attempts at organising one ( even through a back door ) will obviously be prosecuted . 
  not a single of the prosecutions have been directly related to the referendum . 
  they are just posturing from the central goverment to show to the rest of the state that `` they wo n't back down '' . 
   well there is no reason to think that realistically . 
  our industry would lack easy access to the spanish and french export markets for example . 
  if this were to be the case , so would either of those between eachother . 
  we occupy a strategic position in trade that they ca n't oppose , plus the eu would quickly start negotiations between concerned parties . 
  this is speculation after all , but even in a worst case scenario we come out winning , even if it 's just beacause we actually can invest our full gdp . 
   lastly , i do have to admit that i am not entirely sympathetic to nationalist movement that are mostly about trying to keep more of their money in their already wealthy regions . 
  some complaints may be valid to be sure but in the end - as i stated at the beginning of my post - devolving taxation to catalonia would do more than enough to address this . 
  it 's not about nationalism though . 
  notice that i have n't mentioned our past history about spain even once . 
  this has surpassed nationalism , it 's just plain facts . 
  many constitutional lawyers have already stated that we do n't need to change the constitution or we can do an express change like was done a few years ago . 
  it 's just a convenient excuse . 
  several reasons , i 'll just list the main ones quickly beacause i could never end : we have a fiscal deficit with spain ( money we pay in taxes that is n't reinvested ) of about 16000m $ per year , about 8 % of our gdp . 
  this is one of the biggest fiscal deficits * in the world * . 
  whereas other communities such as the basques get to decide how they manage their taxes , we have to send everything and wait for central government to send it back . 
  since the start of our independence process they used this to bleed us out , lowering our funds and forcing us to take debt from their own treasury `` as a gesture of good will '' so we do n't end up bankrupt . 
  the whole thing started out beacause in 2006 we were negotiating our autonomy pact . 
  we approved it here * with a referendum * , sent it to madrid ( we were promised that they would accept it ) , got it denied and cut , we were humiliated but accepted the cuts and sent it back to madrid , where it was cut down again , but finally accepted . 
  it was then sued by the current ruling party who started to request support in spain to show that we still were getting too much and it was sent to the constitutional tribunal ( which is formed mainly by ex-members of the ruling party ) and they cut it down again . 
  shortly after this resolution came to be , in 2010 , the first massive ( +1 million people ) demonstration in barcelona started , and we 've been keeping up , organizing them year after year ( we 've even had +2 m sometimes in a country with 7,5 m people ) . 
  the constant attacks to our language and culture ( the previous minister of education openly stated that he wanted to spanish-fy the catalan children ) where they try to reduce and cut down catalan in schools . 
  the judicializiation of politics , where they are and have prosecuted our politicians . 
  the president of our parliament was prosecuted for allowing a debate about the referendum . 
  our previous president of catalonia was prosecuted ( among other politicians ) for allowing a popular vote ( not a referendum ) in 2014 . 
  now our politicians are being prosecuted for buying ballot boxes . 
  yes , really . 
  the dirty war that the spanish police and media are commited to , fabricating fake evidence ( such as this very thread , which is an old draft of a law discarded by our government ) and attacking us with it during elections to create dissent . 
  the constant insults that we have to endure and the lack of investment for our key infrastructure : our airport has only 2 policemen stationed to check passports , lately cues for more than 2 hours have formed . 
  this does not happen in madrid . 
  most of our highways have tolls , we do not have train connection among the coast ( even when the eu has sent funds beacause it is a vital project , which have been used for other railways in the state ) , etc. 
  lastly , beacause we want to make a serious and modern country , we belive we will be more successful as an independent country than we ever will inside spain not just beacause the constant aggression i just stated ( and way more , this is just of the top of my head ) but beacause we have the pontential and the right to do so ( the right of self-determination is the first article of the un charter ), 
  i remember reading about this .
