  two things happened : `` catalonia '' was n't as united as you might imagine , and several parties initiated negotiations with the two sides and two , philip the vth backtracked on his promises stating that he wanted a rule like in france ( absolutist ) , denying us of most of our rights . 
  believing he had us under control , he did n't expect us going over to the austrias . 
  the negotiations with the austrians were n't initiated by our government but by the elites that would 've been hit the hardest by philip 's backtracking and they ultimately swayed the government to back the austrias . 
  do you even know how many times the previous king promised the crown to both of them ? 
  ( about 15 royal wills had been issued changing the beneficiary ) this was common stuff , they were confusing times . 
  beacause they 're ridicolous . 
  the whole thread is a circlejerk against independentism based on a draft of an old law discarded months ago by our goverment , which has only been published ( again ) by el pais beacause susana lost and they want to deflect . 
  thank you . 
  we really just want to vote , that is all . 
  our politicians are currently being processed judicially for even just buying ballot boxes . 
  it 's ridicolous . 
  you know what sarcasm is , do n't you ? 
  generalitat gim me muh money . 
  puigdemong i accept pastries and sugus pls . 
  why would the totally unbiased el pais publish that just today ? 
  are they maybe deflecting against something that happened yesterday that might 've upset them ? 
  like little children for fucks sake . 
  and people buy it ... 
   the territories of the late crown of aragon picked the losing side . 
  shit happens when you defy the king . 
  just like the castillian comuneros got fucked when they rose in arms against charles v . we did not defy the king , beacause there was no right king . 
  plus after the treaty of utrech were you bought our allies off we kept fighting , not for sucession but for seccession a la dutch , to form our own republic . 
   philippe v just demoted the rebellious territories into having the same status as pretty much everyone else . 
  catalonian was n't even banned , just excluded from burocratic procedings following standard borbonic policy on language and state centralization ( which sucks do n't get me wrong ) . 
  hardly similar to the irish situation . 
  no , say it right , we were fucking conquered . 
  it says so on the treaty . 
  we were n't rebels , we were another state . 
  and when one state conquers another , it supresses it and anhililates its institutions , especialyl if that king is an absolutist . 
  stop rewriting history . 
  and yes , catalan was banned , that 's what your `` exclusion '' euphemism really means . 
  sorry you 're being downvoted , you 're 100 % right . 
  something is very wrong with this thread . 
  starting with the fact that the article is a lie , based on an old draft of a law that our goverment already said they had discarded . 
  the newspaper published to deflect against the loss of their favourite candidate in the psoe primaries . 
  it 's just fucking stupid . 
  there are too many spanish trolls and too little catalan redditors , people are swayed by majorities . 
  we are n't as well known internationally as the scotts are and some uninformed people see our independence movement as an attack against the eu ( nothing farther from the truth , we 're even pro-federation ) . 
  we need to inform these people much better since we 're already in a huge disadvantage . 
  also , this artile is old news , based on a draft of a law that was never passed , the newspaper that publishes it today is biased against catalonia ( like most of the mainstream spanish media ) and uses this article to deflect against the loss of susana diaz in the psoe primaries , since she was their favourite candiate . 
  this whole thread reeks of astroturfing anyway , and i would n't put it above some the types i 've seen around here to do that . 
  we do not . 
  the basques do , they have basically full fiscal autonomy . 
  de facto , any law we pass can be overturned by the constitutional tribunal ( like they have already been doing ) . 
  our politicians are currently being processed judicially beacause they bought fucking ballot boxes . 
  funny how this comment is controversial . 
  this whole thread is a trainwreck , i do n't even want to comment . 
  yeah no . 
  go read the treaty of nueva planta , when catalonia became `` fully functional '' under the borbons with all of our institutions and freedoms , language , etc. 
  banned and our capital city half demolished with an enourmous citadel built instead to opress the citizens . 
  fucking please . 
  spanish ? 
  try going to catalonia , every single italian i 've met thinks we just speak a weird-ass dialect of italian . 
  catalan is even closer to it than to spanish !, 
   1 : i do think a referendum is viable without constitutional reform but only a non-binding one . 
  also if `` yes '' won independence ca n't still be given , it would just be a pressure mechanism to cs and pp well , but if `` yes '' were to win in such a referendum the pressure woud be enormous to start negotiations for the secession . 
  brexit too , was non-binding i belive . 
   2 : the `` express reform '' happened because psoe+pp had more than 90 % of seats which means they can pass reforms without a referendum . 
  and all parties in the congreso hold 100 % of the seats . 
  this is not a matter of a party or two , but a national pact for democracy . 
  me too really , but s\u00e1nchez winning is just adding salt to the wound , which i love :p, 
  yup !, 
  i get confused for an italian in countries where catalan is n't that well known !, 
  but the closest language to catalan is occitan , they developed as sister languages and one of the dialects ( the one aran\u00e8s is part of ) is so close to catalan you could hardly tell it 's another language . 
  the hall of the barons , it 's most famous part , was also built by catalans . 
  it 's the biggest gothic vault of its type in the world . 
  what , catalan ? 
  you know it 's one of the largest languages in europe with 11m speakers * some of which * are in your own country right ? 
  or are you talking about neapolitan ? 
  since it does n't have an standardized form , it does look kinda weird , true . 
  true but by then catalan influence had already mostly faded , and the spanish really did n't bring much . 
  just to give you an idea of our power , we * built * castel nouvo . 
  catalan and castilian are as separate as italian and spanish though ( spanish is castilian after all ) . 
  we the catalans did have a lot of influence in our good years in the mediterranean sea . 
  our maps were everywhere ( we had the best cartographers ) , we did rule the sea for a century or two ( so the merchants spread our culture ) and the pidgin that he mentions talking about venice started out as a catalan pidgin . 
  that plus we ruled over naples and sicilly and we did standarize language with the consulate of the sea did help things out . 
  oh no worries . 
  yeah , it might happen but ... well , he refused that coalition already but i can see it working again . 
  still , it 's very very rushed , and we 've got september as a limit as i said . 
  imho if they handled things from the beggining like in the uk we might 've lost , and we might still loose , but we 've increased our chances greatly . 
  to give you an idea , our chancellor of economy is already planning to have an independent finance system by january 2018 , after the referendum of september . 
  pp wo n't back down from their stupid position beacause it 's already too late , and it 's also too late for any other response ( psoe or podemos ) since cup will force the referendum in september . 
   simply for the fact that the spanish government is now listening and it 's ready to renegotiate and reestablish the broken laces . 
  but you know , it will probably never happen . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/search?q=%23noencibeles&amp;src=tyah ) they want to prosecute our goverment for fucking buying ballot boxes for fucks sake . 
  they are as ready to listen as always . 
  holy shit , i want him to recie setze jutges . 
  so , did you know that many lawyers experts on the constitution argue that a referendum is actually possible without modifying the constitution or just with a small modification like the one that was done * via express * a few years ago ? 
  puigdemont refuses to go back * beacause * the last time we did with the 9n it was a mockery and a farce and we 're not going to repeat that mistake . 
  we were not even invited to the congreso , soraya just `` reminded '' everyone that if they want they can schedule a proposal , like we already did . 
  she just read out the rules of the chamber . 
  contractions are everywhere in catalan as i said , and many are n't even written , just spoken !, 
  if catalan was n't standarized , like neapolitan , the written forms would be close to identical . 
  the irony is over the roof with these primaries , they backstabbed s\u00e1nchez and got him out , even some of his `` supporters '' ( yes men that thought they would lose their position ) openly defied him ( iceta ) and now they 're caught with their pants down , beacause even with the support of the full old guard susana could n't even win . 
  i 've never liked psoe ( or psc for that matter ) but i hope they grow some semblance of a spine out of this . 
  2000 people is around the average density of a single block [ in barcelona ] ( http://www.barcelonacheckin.com/img/stored_images/barcelona/area/5_guide.png ), 
  this is actually very close to catalan . 
  we are the kings of contractions !, 
   * m'hann ritt ch ` arrivamm pe ' ( 1 ) l'unnc * * m'han dit que arribarem per les onze * it honestly looks like most of the neapolitan frases are closer to catalan than to italian . 
  catalan is very close to italian as it is , but it seems that it 's even closer than i thought !,
