  spain on the other hand depends on catalonia pretty heavily , not only on imports but also on gdp and it would crumble and potentially deafault if they do n't negotiate our breakaway . 
  plus we are the main route ( and where all the infrastructure is ) to europe * you do not want to police that border * . 
  yeah , but we 'll be unified as `` catalonia '' , not under spain . 
  we had this plan since the possibility of plebiscitary elections was discussed , we are n't throwing ourselves out into the abyss like some might want to tell you :p, 
  i do n't mind him being the mod that does all the dirty work . 
  and since i really do n't know ( apart from anecdotal evidence , which i do n't really like to rely on ) on what basis he works , i do n't really have anything to complain ( less brigaders = better quality ) , apart that they should put filters quicker . 
  but hey . 
   well , do n't complain if there are consequences then . 
  when you 're an independent nation with your own constitution you can do whatever you want . 
  in the meantime , either you behave withing your current legal framework , or you do n't . 
  in the second case , acting all outraged that there are consequences is being childish beyond belief . 
  responding with violence to a pacific , political movement backed by a democratic mandate * is * fascist by definition . 
  do i need to remind you about how the civil war started ? 
  that spain is completely and utterly incapable of dialogue is what we 're complaining about . 
   not fascistic at all , ladies and gentlemen . 
  you are hilarious . 
  all this talk about democratic will and not being bound by a piece of paper , and then you come out with this bullshit . 
  i 'll let you know then : those pieces of paper exist so that people like you wo n't do much damage if they 're ever in a position of power . 
  oh you 're hilarious . 
  so if a liberal loses an election you expect him to stop being liberal otherwise he 's fascist . 
  fantastic , let 's see how that applies to reality ... wait it does n't . 
   you 're not getting that country of yours . 
  ever . 
  not without bloodshed anyway . 
  you better start getting used to it . 
  real fun talking with you , see ya, 
   i too miss the other fun content that 's now getting buried , but at the same time i love the discussion on most of the immigration threads and participate in them frequently . 
  so , like me , and most other users ( i assume ) , we 'd use it based on our mood at the time . 
  i get tired rebutting fallacies and getting downvoted to death . 
  also the people on those threads are usually ... quite lacking in moral and empathy , it 's pretty sad . 
  i usually downvote them all and move on : /  i do n't think it 'd ever split into a non-immigrant post vs. immigrant post community . 
  yeah , i guess not , but the people who continually filter out refugee posts will certainly be much different than the ones who do n't . 
  you just create an ecosystem, 
  so instead of discussing this like you 'd like to do in a thread `` the other way around '' , you comment about what would happen `` the other way around '' . 
  i guess i 'm too pessimistic and think that too many people have left already ... and we now have to split the comunity into two with the filters just to have a workable subreddit ( like a cancer , 2 comunities ? 
  plus brigaders will also come to the other threads , i guess that 's what moderation is for anyway ... it 's pretty bleak honestly, 
  i did n't mean to be condescending , it 's what is happening even right now . 
  people do n't bother to come here beacause refugees is literally everything covering up the subreddit . 
  filters wo n't bring other content , they will just filter out refugees ... which , if there is n't other people posting about other stuff ( read : all the guys who left during this period ) wo n't help, 
  but then the joke does n't make sense , think about the humor !, 
  if all the content is about refugees filters do n't matter , beacause there 's no content . 
  as easy as that . 
  i 've been to many other places in spain . 
  they do say frankfurt ( yes , even madrid ), 
  we say frankfurt here ... perrito caliente is ... welp weird :p !, 
   and approved by the majority of the people in a free referendum , including the catalan people . 
  for some reason you forgot that . 
  yeah . 
  when it was n't clear what any other option would be . 
  when in greece the military had taken up power . 
  beacause a piece of paper is eternal and holds hostage the will of the people . 
  this is like saying that a president should rule forever since he was elected one ... what does that remind me of ? 
  * how interesting ... *  now , i am the first to say that that document needs some serious overhauling . 
  ideally , we 'd need a new one , written by democrats ( and enshrining a federal republic as our government , if i can dream ) . 
  and if that constitution , written by democrats and voted by the people , recognized catalonia 's right to a referendum , i would n't like it but i 'd respect it . 
  but catalans do n't get to write that constitution for the rest of us . 
  all spaniards get a say because that 's how democracies actually work . 
  you 're not special . 
  you do n't get more rights than other spaniards just because you were born in catalonia . 
  i do n't like countries where some citizens claim to be more equal than others . 
  look , you do n't get it . 
  * we do n't give a shit about any spanish constitution , we 're clearly been breaking it for quite a while now * . 
  we 're done with spain , there 's no turning back . 
  you 've had 35 fucking years to install a federation and you 've never done so , 6 years to negotiate an alternative to secession ( including a fiscal pact ) and the same time also to propose a credible alternative , etc. 
  we do n't care now . 
  it 's too late . 
  plus , * do you even know how hard it is to reform the constitution ? * . 
  [ to let us organise a referendum , or to do what you say , this is what would be required ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/reforma_de_la_constituci%c3%b3n_espa%c3%b1ola#procedimiento_agravado ) . 
  do you realize now how crazy it is ? 
   bro , you forgot to engage my argument . 
  it 's like it had hit a nerve or something . 
  you do n't get to act diplomatically and then have your minister telling us to behave `` or else '' ( literally what he said ) . 
  just to be clear , i like spain and its people , but that will never equate to me being spanish . 
  i 've never been one and never expect it to be . 
  you ca n't hold a country hostage with a piece of paper , it 's that simple . 
  we will vote , if we win we 're done , if we do n't we 'll try again later until we do . 
  unionists of course can do the same , but i really doubt they 'd wish to go back to spain once we 're freed . 
   fascists usually have an obsession with purity . 
  this has to be the cheapest fallacy i 've ever seen . 
  alright , so you do n't like * pure democracy ? 
  * that 's your argument ? 
  remember that we 're talking about the people ignoring a law that goes directly against their interests , specifically repriving them of the right to * peacefully vote * . 
  this is fucking ridiculous . 
   the will of the people as expressed in free elections determined by a constitutional procedure , not just magically heard by who knows why . 
  something all plebiscite fetishists tend to overlook . 
  yeah right , you get to say how , when and to what extent votes need to be heard . 
  oh no wait you do n't , a piece of paper written by a bunch of `` ex '' - fascists and appeasers to the former does . 
  great . 
   using plebiscites to bypass constitutional procedure to directly hear the real will of the people was something used all the time by lovely fellows like napoleon iii , pinochet or franco . 
  there 's a reason most democracies have stringent requirements regarding them . 
  and there 's a reason we 've been trying for 6 fucking years to get a proper referendum . 
  go tell your stories to another guy , i do n't care about this cheap propaganda . 
  just today , your `` defense '' minister threatened to use tanks against us . 
  i 'm sick of this stupid country . 
  the faster we 're out the better . 
  yet i do n't belive it 's the only thing happening in the continent . 
  plus it 's a non issue here and i do n't care that much , it 's making this subreddit basically unreadable, 
  and yet , that `` organic '' part does n't really mean that much . 
  is europe only concerned about refugees ? 
  i seriously doubt it , it 's like ukraine : yes , it 's important but * not the only thing happening on the continent * .
