  nope . 
  that 's why we delayed this elections so much , to procure ourselves strategic independence . 
   without being recognized catalonia 's independence would be on paper only . 
  you can just as well declare independence of your own apartment . 
  recognition is guaranteed under a democratic mandate from the people of catalonia . 
  this is out of the question, 
  blah blah blah ... yeah , keep dreaming . 
  spanish police has no place in a foreign country . 
  recognition is guaranteed , this is out of the question, 
  or you can open a book or two and see that we are n't an exception , but a continuation of the rule, 
  why ? 
  there is a certain brotherhood between separatists movements , i do n't know if you knew that . 
  it 's * very * true if go to euskadi , for example , it 's full of catalan flags, 
  nah , i mean , i think we all agree around here that bar\u00e7a / madrid is too good to let go :p !, 
  there are neutral and presitigious studies ( the economist , forbes , etc. ), 
  that guarantee a stable and prosperous independent catalonia, 
  aaaalright !, 
  we 'll have to `` steal '' another chair if you want to come though ... the spanish one is n't getting much use lately , all of their dimplomacy seems to be done behind our backs !, 
  yup !, 
  and sung a capella [ is also pretty stunning ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--2lwydjcpe ), 
  we want people to respect our language , do i have to remind you * why we are a minority in our own country ? 
  the police did n't do anything at all inside the hq , they just posed around and demanded documents easily accesible online . 
  plus the press knew * from the night before the `` operation '' * where and when they should be, 
  it 's pretty retarded , but it is n't news for me . 
  i 've seen all of this shit in almost every single thread realted to catalonia . 
  they do n't understand/know about us , so they just buy whatever the spaniards tell them, 
  yes , that is what i wanted to tell him, 
  yes , but you forget that * we are citizens of the eu still * . 
  and there is no precedent for a secession inside the eu . 
  you 're just assuming that we would be kicked out , which if the politicians are a bit pragmatic they will understand that it 's the worst option, 
  franco is n't dead in all the ways possible , some of his ideas ( una grande y libre ) lived on . 
  madrid does not respect the right of selfdetermination, 
  i mean , we might not have the best concerts but i went to see * la maravillosa orquestra del alcohol * ... curious bunch, 
  yeeeeep . 
  not only spanish trolls do n't like us , also the right-wing ignorants who do n't even bother to research are as aproachable as a brick wall, 
  oh , the germans want to study in german , how weird !, 
  this is why we want independence, 
  yep . 
  well , that and expresidents from spain calling us nazis and facists , having the constitutional tribunal modified so they can send our president to jail , sending the police to independentist parties hq to make them seem corrupt , etc. 
  they 're playing as dirty as they can, 
  we wo n't :d !, 
  we ca n't , madrid does not allow any, 
  shut up dad , it 's festa major in santako !, 
  ( also , i had * upvotes * before ... 
  * upvotes !, 
  you forget that we 're already in the eu and there 's no precedent or law set in place in case of secession . 
  you 're just assuming we 'll get kicked out , no official statement from the eu has been said, 
  you mentioned nato , and many other people * keep * talking about the army . 
  i just wanted to make it clear . 
  no problem !, 
  i do n't really have a lot of time now , but if you want you can pm later for any question about this, 
  why ? 
  catalonia really does n't have a lot of good teams , and both countries share a common interest . 
  you 're assuming that there 's much more animosity than what will really be, 
  they will , once the spanish state acts as a dictatorial police state . 
  [ i do n't really have the time to explain it , but there are hundreds of pages in the internet that will tell you why better than me ] ( http://catalanassembly.org/why-support-catalonia/reasons/ ) . 
  this one maybe should dive deeper into the economical reasons ( we have the biggest fiscal deficit in the world , 8 % of our gdp , 15.000 m $ goes into spain and does n't come back ) but hey, 
   spanish army could do this but it would n't - sending police and cutting you off from access to the electrical grid and other infrastructure plus isolating you diplomatically would suffice . 
  and you 're assuming you could do that ... which of course you ca n't . 
  we are already independent in strategic and economic resources , for example . 
   then those responsible should be punished for breaking the law . 
  what law ? 
  the spanish law ? 
  do you understand what * independent * means ? 
  thank you !, 
  and we 'll see who is more disconected :p !, 
  the army wo n't come . 
  you 'll see . 
  [ i mean , there 's tons of pages online that explain it better than i would ever do . 
  this is a short 10 points explanation , though i think they should talk a bit more about the economy -15.000 m $ from our taxes are never reinvested here which is around 8 % of our gdp , the biggest fiscal deficit in the fucking world ] ( http://catalanassembly.org/why-support-catalonia/reasons/ ), 
   when scotland were doing the independence thing they had a wad load of more support than catalonia no they did n't their polls were much lower than ours . 
   but the most important thing is that uk agreed to facilitate the independence if they chose to spain has had 6 years to negotiate and they have refused every chance we have given them . 
  it 's their own fault . 
   catalonia does not have the important friends , yet you assume europe will come to your aid , when in fact you are trying to break free from europe . 
  we are not trying to break free from europe , we 're one of the most proeurope regions in the whole continent ... and when they see that there 's no turning back and observe how spain is on the break of a deafault ( beacause they need us more than we need them ... this is one of the main points of our independence ) they 'll be really quick in granting us recognition . 
  apart from that our secession is based on a democratic vote and they have 0 moral grounds to deny us recognition, 
  ... and on our national day ( 11th of september ) we celebrate a defeat technically !, 
  we remember the heroes that died defending the city of barcelona in 1714 against the comined power of the french and spanish armies . 
  so yeah , we 're a weird people ... 
  but our anthem 's cool !, 
  you 're assuming that they 'll be forced to choose , which wo n't be the case . 
  in any case , catalonia has a gdp much greater than more than half of eu countries , so you also called them `` small provinces '' . 
  also , spain will default if they do n't cooperate , they need us more than we need them , and the eu does n't want spain defaulting , let me tell you that, 
  an economically crippled `` trade partner '' that depends on their `` enemy '' to subsist ? 
  yeah , do n't make me laugh, 
  oh , we 'll probably play on the same league !, 
  or at least , they 'll meat on the champions !, 
  i dunno , maybe try to explain you that your assumptions are not facts, 
   does n't matter what century it is it fucking does . 
   as long as you are not recognized by the spanish people you are considered rebels just by spain , a country that needs us in order not to default . 
  do you think they 'll be so stupid not to recognise us ? 
  please, 
  ... okay ? 
  are you implying that we will be as rich as norway ? 
  i 'm okay with that honestly :p, 
  and in the future , according to catalonia ( which as far as i know rules over catalonia ) : catalonia is not spain . 
  what you just said are assumptions of what will happen , not facts, 
  nope , i 'm not overestimating that . 
  beacause we wo n't be a separatist movement , we will be a state, 
   good luck with self-determinating yourself from a government which is adamant on preserving integrity of the state .
