  * ) i heard it was andalucia ? 
  my degree costs around 2000 $ less over there or some crazy thing like that . 
  i 'm around 2300 or 2400 per year at upc ( architecture ) too , but ca n't recall the exact number . 
  i do n't think it goes over 2500 though . 
  spain is wrong . 
  slightly . 
  here in catalonia we pay up to 2512 $ for certain degrees such as medicine and nursing school . 
  most degrees are around the +2000 $ range too . 
  other communities pay even less than a quarter of our prices though . 
  sphagetti with tomato sauce and steak . 
  pretty good with spicy olive oil . 
  there really is n't an issue with immigration if it 's done correctly ( legally ) . 
  if it 's illegal then the country has to properly take care of the immigrants beacause they are human beings too , and provide proper immersion into the local culture if they can not be extradited . 
  yup . 
  barceloneta , g\u00f2tic , central eixample and certain parts of the raval are pretty much lost as a city right now , but we 're trying to reclaim them as much as we can . 
  sorry i ca n't seem to find the full study , i 'll check the map on monday , it 's in there for sure, 
  welp i thought it would be easier to find since we have the goddamm 10x4 * meters * map of barcelona with the impact points of the proposal hanging from a huge wall in a study room of the faculty but sadly i was only able to find a side study that was made to give it a base . 
  i 'll tell you if i can find the big one . 
  prrreeetty weird stuff , though to be fair , this plan is already a year old maybe so maybe that 's why it 's hard to find if they have n't started implementation still . 
  i mean , * there actually is a plan * , that encompasses the whole metro area , it 's preetty huge . 
  buuuuut that does n't mean that they are going to put it in action ( i would assume they will ) , we 're waiting to see what 's what . 
  as it stands now barcelona is one of the cities in europe with less social housing total and per capita . 
  it 's a shame . 
  we 're beating back the trend but there 's already so much lost ground ( when i said passeig the gr\u00e0cia i actually meant from there to pau claris , and not only that , tourist flats are kicking out locals left and right . 
  still , thanks to the massive size and density of the city we can sustain this trend for a while , * if * we continue pushing back of course . 
   i completely agree . 
  beside all the wonderful pieces , i went to see guernica without expecting any surprise , since it is one of those paints so famous that one may think it does n't have any more secrets . 
  however , even if you know how big it is , it is amazingly big . 
  i really enjoyed it more than i expected . 
  if only it was n't so full of people though !, 
  like any other famous art piece , first you see the people and then * maybe * you get to see the art . 
  thankfully there are other amazing pieces by picasso & friends over there . 
   additionally , they have original photos of picasso while drawing it and seeing the whole process , how it changed along the creation , etc , made me relate closer to it . 
  oh , i did n't get to see that !, 
  though here in the museu picasso of barcelona we actually have something similar , they compare photos of the people he drew with the original artwork , which is very interesting . 
   additionally : pic the audio-guides !, 
  they do n't cost much and the information that you gain , specially in el prado , is worth the very last cent . 
  it has the advantage over the guides that you can walk around at your own path . 
  it would have been a very different visit without all those extra details about the history , background and analysis of the pieces . 
  yup !, 
  this is why those museums warrant at least a second visit , i at least like to leisurely walk around checking out the art and then going at it again with all of the info ( or the other way around ) , so that i enjoy the art and understand how it was done !, 
  low season barcelona ( especially right now in april ) is the best though : you 've got both decently high temperatures ( but not high enough that you 'll suffocate ) and relatively few tourists everywhere . 
  but yeah , the g\u00f2tic is fucking amazing right now , when you can actually walk . 
  i 've been there countless times and you always notice some weirdass shop selling hippie clothes that was n't there before . 
  i did a study a while ago that looked at how many people were living in the passeig de gr\u00e0cia section of the eixample ( think center of barcelona but posh , near pla\u00e7a catalunya ) and it was a desert . 
  everything is either a law firm , a bank , a hotel an office or a flat bought by an investment firm to speculate on where nobody lives . 
  sad thing is , the entire city is becoming this way and it 's very hard to stop . 
  and one of the best , together with reina sof\u00eda and tissen, 
  beacause he 's a fantastic philosopher , he 's also a great writer and among my favourites . 
  l'etranger is one of the best books ever written imho . 
  i 'd compare them to edinbourgh and glasgow imho . 
  one is more touristy but also full of things to do and the other is more `` serious '' and has a more `` big city '' feel . 
  on the other hand , madrid does have better museums while we have more festivals and a `` younger '' spirit of sorts . 
  i could ask you the same . 
  we 're doing fine over here , we 've got the highest standard of living the world has ever seen . 
   you will need it in 2-3 decades . 
  same !, 
  imagine how people here felt, 
   sure , if that is what they told you in uni , but people come from the other side of a planet to see our culture , not glassed commie blocks . 
  you know `` commies '' were actually against glass buildings right ? 
  their architecture was one of self-susteinance beacause they were too cheap to build anything good , and it looked like [ this ] ( http://www.truelithuania.com/nuotraukos/klaipedasovietinis.jpg ) . 
  which it is , too , pure shit . 
  see , the world is n't black and white . 
   you can rage at me all you want about how right you are , but when was the last time you asked your friends/family where they like/where they would like to live ? 
  what a weird question . 
  a random building , an `` ideal home '' makes no sense without a context . 
  a summer home with a pool in the middle of a mountain ? 
  a little cottage next to a city center ? 
  this is why hipotheticals in architecture do n't work imho , we work with facts and sites , not would ifs . 
  you 've got a pretty american-biased stereotype of whan an architect is . 
   professors in the 60 's were 100 % certain that they are right , how did that end ? 
  they were not right , but sure , this time they are right , same with socialism right ? 
  let 's try again and again and again , until it works . 
  what the hell ? 
  you know you 're in / r/europe right ? 
  europe is the proof that socialism is the best social system in the world actually . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  see , here 's where you are wrong . 
  you * think * you know about architecture when in reality you do n't . 
  beacause this :  this uni will work for centuries and people will enjoy going there . 
  is false . 
  or do you * actually * think that that building was built just like a scottish manor would be built back in its time ? 
  you 're hilarious . 
  all of these `` historic revival '' buildings are just fake plaster sad attempts at buildings that will fail in 10 years beacause building a propper traditional roof is too exepensive and they 'd rather use `` waterproof '' roofing ( tons of leaks in about 5-10 years due to complex slopes that are not well solved beacause roofing is hard ) and walls are made of plaster since modern electronics do not fit into any old building . 
  plus nobody makes load-bearing walls in the us since the early 1900 ' anyway so they 're just lying to you , making you belive you 're in a `` castle '' when it 's actually just a crapton of concrete and steel dressed as a manor . 
  [ all she has the chantz to give to you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bk2oja0ils ), 
  yes i do , i 'm studying architecture , finishing my degree . 
  the 400 year thing was just a random number . 
  what 's your background , actually ? 
  is the whole complex newly built ? 
  if so , it 's pretty worthless imho . 
  architectural styles are built in response to a certain time and location . 
  using them 400 years later for no other reason than `` muh heritage '' is about the worst thing you could do . 
  they 're expensive to mantain , very energy inneficcient , fucking ugly ( compared to current standard architecture ) and try to echo back to a past that does n't exist ( since when did nj have fucking scottish manors ? ) . 
  americans are kings at `` recreating '' these old styles though , as evidenced [ by this monstrosity ] ( http://www.conservancyonline.com/fdb/27_large.jpg?c=1 ), 
  caf\u00e9 con leche anyone ? 
  is this your whole argument ? 
  so this is how you deal with people who do n't think like you do huh ? 
  now i understand who actually likes fake architecture , interesting ... edit : so he edited his comment without mentioning it , but at the beggining he only responded with a link to / r/iamversmart, 
  [ more like this actually ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/7b/45/fc/7b45fc0b776686b61c63b5e7f99fe61c.jpg ) .
