  i 'm considering unsubbing for this reason , it 's pretty annoying to have to repeat and convince people that * no , we would deffinitly live better * even if them , not living here or knowing almost nothing of our history or grudges think the contrary, 
  alright whatever , i have work to do you know ? 
  what, 
  oh sorry , i thought you were the sweede above . 
  i 'm sorry , but sadly i do n't have the time to explain our reasoning here . 
  try going for example to catalanassembly.org , they should explain you our point of view pretty decently, 
  i 'm not going to start explaining why we 're doing it now , i do n't have the time , but what you just said goes both ways ( actually , it is worse for spain in that case ), 
  except that the same argument could be stated for scotland yet you listed them as a good candidate . 
  a catalonia outside the eu is bad for everyone ... merkel was talking for herself by the way , not like some states from actual eu countries that have already said that would welcome our independece and preaumably vote for our readmission if expulsion were to happen , which even if it is the most probable outcome , * has n't been officially confirmed *, 
  ... hello :( ? 
  we 're europeist and have better chances of secceding than scotland ... 
  i highly doubt that spain would veto us ( they 're just trashtalking now to deter independentism ) , it would hurt them maybe even more than us ( exports/imports ), 
  and probably b in barcelona for the penninusula, 
  yeah . 
  we also have cable here , but it 's pretty niche . 
  i think only one company does it, 
  yeah ... here you can chose between the former state corp that owns most of the network or three or four companies that rented it, 
  i 'd say is more about competition with companies, 
  yup, 
  just as we do, 
  one of the writers of the constitution once said that maybe spain would work better if instead of subjugating catalonia they should have chosen portugal . 
  i would be ok with that , except that i do have empathy for the portuguese, 
  omg how are we supposed to beat that ? 
  you could invade our city with some of those !, 
  [ ours are sexier !, 
  ] ( http://static3.absolutbcn.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/golondrina.jpg ), 
  of thankings, 
  i might have been in one of these ... 
  the thing is that here in bcn they are fucking everywhere !, 
  seriously , we even have different companies competing with eachother for those buses, 
  i of apologising i can not into * proper imperial brittish english * will of you accept apologising ? 
  that is humor . 
  it is supposed to be fun . 
  it is also sarcasm . 
  i should have added this : / s, 
  but us the catalans were the second to have articles in our wikipedia , second to english !, 
  [ i swear to god , here in barcelona our buses are less common than these ones , so this is the bus of barcelona ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-pyssve_uhm8/tmncmsqfz-i/aaaaaaaajue/719kp6y6hr8/s1600/barcelona_bus_turistic.jpg ) edit : can not into grammar, 
  threatened ? 
  i guess you must have short-term memory  it is easy : we do not like bullfighting and we refuse to include it on our current cultural heritage . 
  those statues are not banned , of course , but we do n't belive that they depict our cultural values . 
  there 's also the symbology behind them , the toro being an ensing of spanish sentmient , which we also do n't share , and neither did gaud\u00ed . 
  so that 's why for one if we were `` threatened '' we would ban them , if people come here and live and buy like they 're on andalucia that 's their problem , not ours , we 're selling shit to them , so we gain money, 
  this certanly spells disaster ... hope they get some sense and solve this before there 's any trouble, 
  huh ... 
  so if the organitzation does exist , why has n't the government advertised them more or maybe employed people to work for them now that there 's a need for that ? 
  no , i 'm referring to a new `` organisation '' of volunteers ( or employees ) outside of the army that acts at a federal level to help in disasters . 
  i barely know anything about the federal system in germany , but why could n't that be done . 
  we have one here i think, 
  you poor poor thing, 
  as you wish , i told you before that i do n't respect people who cite nazis , and they even go ahead and justify that ? 
  fuck off , you do n't understand what wwii was or you 've got a problem ( i wo n't go into that , but it probably goes along the lines of relativisation ), 
  then why is n't a special corp created for this ? 
  clearly there is the necessity, 
  could n't thinks like that be done via volunteering or mobilising the army though ? 
  you know what time it is ? 
  it 's * godwin 's law time !, 
  apart from that , which could very well defeat the point of ever replying to you again , you 're right on the rest . 
  the bull culture as an spanish symbol is very recent , and so are our attempts at banning it , not only because we find it inhumane , but also inherently spanish , as you admitted . 
   strangely enough , urbanites seem to care more about animal rights the less we are in contact with animals ,  have given that banshee esperanza aguirre and her friends some bad , bad ideas ... is it just me or you are trying to justify her using us as scapegoats ? 
  but then again , you 're the one who does n't understand the concept of culture , so i ca n't judge you, 
  our democratically elected parliment banned bullfighting for example . 
  other than that , i 'll let you figure it yourself up ... why do you think that something that represents the spanish culture is not liked here ? 
  it is easy : we do not like bullfighting and we refuse to include it on our current cultural heritage . 
  those statues are not banned , of course , but we do n't belive that they depict our cultural values . 
  there 's also the symbology behind them , the toro being an ensing of spanish sentmient , which we also do n't share , and neither did gaud\u00ed . 
  so that 's why, 
  whales live in the sea . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  an architect is inspired by whatver [ he wants ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/casa_vicens ), 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i 'd never doubt that a well informed demagog like you could appreciate why would i tell you that mixing facts that do n't mean anything , misinformation and manipulation of ideas is bad !, 
  i would respond to you , but you clearly do n't know crap about what you 're talking about , so i 'll let you figure it out everything first, 
  it is known that gaud\u00ed was imprisoned just for answering a policeman in catalan ... 
  but that 's besides the point : we * hate * bullfighting . 
  we do not belive that a practise that kills animals should be allowed in our lands and so we have banned it . 
  i do n't care about what northen catalonia does , this is a mandate from our parliment . 
  to combine the genious of a catalan artist that was oftentimes prosecuted for his culture with a tradition as abominable as this is just horrid . 
  ( and continues with the spanish stereotype of * siesta , toros , sangria * , wich not only do we hate , but also comes from a different culture than the one in barcelona , which is something that seems that people have a hard time to grasp on ), 
  we just banned the most ridiculous stuff , not food, 
   acting like people deserve the death penalty for eating something that originated outside the region is just a bit pretentious , and out of time . 
  you might be the one on the mad rage you know ? 
  respect the culture of the place you 're in . 
  it 's that simple, 
  not a problem !, 
  ask if you have a doubt !, 
  yes , and also those who got a lot of influence from it , like aragon itself and asturias or rioja, 
  ... i did n't say anything about paella, 
  what the fuck, 
  if go come here and buy things from andaluc\u00eda , you 'd rather be in andaluc\u00eda . 
  it is n't that hard, 
  yes , andaluc\u00eda has a distinct culture , but it 's more or less shared in all the south . 
  there are mainly two cultures in the `` castilian '' spain , the extrovert and open of the south and the more conservative northen one, 
  and that 's why when you go to barcelona you wo n't really go there but to andalucia . 
  and that 's ok , but for all we care you could have gone there directly, 
  for example , though they claim that they are based on `` historic precedents '' ... basically , when we were granted and autonomia every one also wanted one : andaluc\u00eda , extremadura , even madrid ... with the same privileges as us , thus giving them the same recognition that we have as a culture , which has now been declared disproportionate even by people living there . 
  yes , the provincies of catalonia are barcelona , lleida , tarragona and girona ... but we do n't quite like using that system since it comes from the francoist government ... it might be easier to understand than our favourite one ( les comarques , look it up , it 's like counties , basically , * it 's * counties ) , but i 'd say that the sourthenmost provinces ( south of tarragona ) and the outer ring of barcelona are the most spanish regions ( due to inlfuence with the border and tons of interior immigration ) . 
  then i 'd say that the rest are more or less catalan , and the more mountanious the area , the more catalan it is ( we call it the old catalonia ) , girona being the most catalan city of the four capital provinces, 
  well ... 
  i 'd say that aragon inlfuence has diluted itself into a more regional sentiment . 
  aragon was pretty much the first confederation of kingdoms if not in the world at least in europe , each region being a kingdom under a common king , so it is n't weird that something like that could happen .
