   ok . how are you going to finance all this ? 
  what about your already excruciatingly high unemployment rate ? 
  remember , ** you 're still in a bailout program . 
  ** we 're not . 
  anyway , i do n't even have to answer any of that beacause that 's * not * from me to decide . 
  even ignoring the implied fallacy that i should give a solution and not just disagree ( not true , i can perfectly just disagree with something and it 's entirely valid ) . 
  how are your concentration camps going ? 
   by the way , i actually agree with most of what you 're saying , but you sound like a cunt while you 're saying it . 
  that 's beacause it 's actually like the 5th time i 've had to type it . 
  sorry about that . 
  i think i 've heard that argument from some deluded politician on tv . 
  and you call that brains !, 
  putting camps is even a worse solution, 
  i 'd advise you to not talk to other people until you 've cleared your own problems . 
  they seem quite wild . 
  it 's a short term plan to give them a chance to give us something back . 
  they would work and pay taxes as any other citizen and * integrate * in the community , something that is quite lacking here . 
  putting thousands upon thousands of people in camps is n't that good of an idea ( costs , etc. ), 
  and it would n't deter people from coming , they would just try to not get caught . 
  that 's why longterm investments in africa are the real solution, 
  good riddance . 
  i 'm not talking against your demagogy, 
  what country exactly ? 
  i do n't really recall hearing about one full of bigots and racists thankfully . 
  if that were the case , i even doubt we would let them in in the first place, 
  ... as i 've probably said 3 or 4 times already , the `` solution '' of this thread is quite ... let 's call it disgusting, 
  and what you are saying is racism too . 
  keep in mind that my country has suffered a civil war and i do n't hate half of my state, 
  early xxth century was wild, 
  i never said that they should be put loose . 
  in fact , it 's quite the opposite , they have a job given to them by the eu and work there and integrate in the community , they 're easy to keep track off . 
  besides , the people who have to come in those `` boats '' * are n't * isis , isis does n't need to do that . 
   okey , so let 's say 10 % of the people coming here get work ( i feel i am generous with that number , to be honest , but let 's roll with it ) . 
  what about the rest ? 
  they are still in limbo . 
  how do we pick people ? 
  where do they live meantime until they can be placed ? 
  what do they do in between seasonal work ? 
  100 % come to work . 
  you know that , you just do n't want to accept it . 
  they 've risked everything they hold dear to have a chance here and send money to their families . 
  what i propose would indirectally give money to those who need it more in africa organically . 
  if the system is halfway decently organised , they will be separated on arrival ( with of course , the exception of families and so on ) and either given a good education and state tuition to train them to be able to work ( basic stuff , good if he/she shows promise ) or directly send where jobs are created . 
  all of these issues are the ones that this potential agency has to solve , but it 's just logistics, 
  wtf does this even have to do with anything . 
  this is plain racism, 
  you do not understand . 
  these people will come no matter what , and that 's a fact . 
  you either let them run loose or you regulate their passing to give them a fair chance ( and collect taxes from people which would otherwise be paid in black ) * and precisely reduce to a minimum the welfare required to maintain them * . 
  this solution is as i said a short term one beacause you obviated the second part : investing in africa , which china is already doing and with our ( for better * and * worse ) ties with the continent we have a headstart that we are n't using properly . 
   members of the isis ... well , they could be very well lying . 
  we separate them to evade the creation of potential `` terrorist '' cells , as ridicolous as this sounds . 
  this people risk their fucking lives and everything they have to live here , they 're not terrorists , but still . 
   labour value reduction is very real and has happened to a lot of southern countries ( including spain , if i had to guess , certainly greece ) . 
  the fact is , our countries simply do n't have the growth needed to sustain the influx of newcomers . 
  our 20 % unemployment rate should be a clear indication of that . 
  i live in spain , you do n't need to tell me that . 
  we can put them in * other countries * , creating an eu wide agency to check for needed workers ( e.g. 
  farm workers are usually needed in certain times of the year and the local population ca n't cope with job demand ) . 
   again , in what way ? 
  they ca n't be set loose and ( in your opinion ) we ca n't keep them in the camps . 
  so what do we do with them ? 
  drown them in the sea ? 
  as i said , organize them so they do n't travel on their own and actually * have a chance * at finding a job and something to do , where they pay taxes and are n't paid in black . 
  also , camps is the most cost prohibitive solution that exists , so i do n't know why people are even discussing that . 
  yes !, 
  and invest in african countries to reduce the influx ( * beacause they wo n't * need to come here ), 
  investing in africa is a needed long term process . 
  meanwhile , we can work with them instead of putting them in camps and radicalising them . 
  your arguments ( do n't mean to offend ) sound pretty demagogic, 
  there are better solutions than camps , for example planned work . 
  we send them where they are needed and so they pay taxes and they do n't have to find illegal workplaces which do n't contribute to the economy, 
  yes . 
  we need agreement to solve this issues , and by the looks of this thread , if this is representative of anything we wo n't get anywhere close to solving anything, 
  ... populism , demagogy , etc. 
  something new please ? 
  that 's not for me to discuss . 
  i have the right to disagree with what op has proposed because it is inhuman and racist and * not * give a solution , beacause it would be just an opinion thrown in this fuckfest of discrimination . 
  in any way , i would of course invest in more patrols in the mediterranean to help the poorly made ships that attemp the crossing and then give an opportunity to those people . 
  if they need education we will give them that and if they need jobs we will . 
  it 's better for us to put them where they are needed ( villages in need of workers ) in any area of the eu rather than just let them wander around for themselves and getting paid in black . 
  we would collect taxes from this and in the long run get even get a profit that could pay this `` investment '' . 
  tolerance is underrated . 
  meanwhile , investments in africa are needed and honest collaboration with the people is something that today only ngo 's do . 
  china is already investing there , we should too . 
  we do partially of course , but that `` partially '' is more than 20000 that people in this thread just want to put in camps . 
  and this is just one of the issues, 
  the marvelous country of sub sahara !, 
  where people do n't kill eachother , there 's plenty of food for everyone and water is n't an issue !, 
  ( and btw , you just pulled data from `` the central mediterranean area '' , * not * all of the mediterranean ), 
  ... no it could n't . 
  it 's the most absurd comparison that i 've heard in a while . 
  they 're on the brink of a civil war and you want to send even more muslims there !, 
  why do you think that the borders of israel are a fucking fortress ? 
  ... are you serious ? 
  do you want * to put muslims in israel ? 
  * do you want ww3 ? 
   we know where they are coming from . 
  no we do n't , that 's one of the main problems . 
  you ca n't just ship them on a plane or ship and drop them in the middle of africa .
