  the eu has always stated that this is an internal spanish issue . 
  since when approval by `` everyone '' is a valid , official procedure ? 
  and it 's for scotland , not even us . 
  there 's tons of spanish anti catalan trolls in r/europe , this is pretty tame stuff compared to what they 're usually up to . 
  oh , i 'm not accusing you of anything , i 'm just pointing out that trying to tell me to learn history while saying that is ironic . 
  some suffered and others did n't . 
  stating it like you did is disingenuous . 
  what others ? 
  the basques are the only ones with real options , and what you 're saying is , once again , speculation . 
  kicking out catalonia is more destabilizing , so that goes against your argument . 
  so did mine . 
  yet trying to state that all of spain did and that there were no supporters is whitewashing . 
   they did n't suffer a fascist dictatorship spain `` suffered '' a fascist dictatorship ? 
  well no , i 'm sorry , but a big chunck of the state was * for * it . 
  stop trying to whitewash it . 
  ... why ? 
  as i already said three times , you just assumed this . 
  there is no precedent , this has never happened before . 
  catalans are , too , european citizens , and never once in history has this been revoked . 
  we 're just going in circles here and as i said , we wo n't know what 'll happen until it does . 
  you 're trying to say that the dictatorship was an external event , something that `` happened to '' spain . 
  maybe you should be the one taking history lessons . 
  ah , so catalonia is n't a part of spain ? 
   i simply reminding that leaving spain will likely mean leaving eu . 
  based on what precedent though ? 
  until it happens we wo n't know . 
  i mean , you could actually ackowledge that they 're a more advanced democracy than spain is , for starters . 
  and spain was literally a dictatorship . 
  how can you still be eluding that while blaming the uk for recognising a basic human right ... 
  i do n't even know ... 
   you are assuming things as well obviously , that 's my point . 
  there 's no precendent . 
  as far as we know anything can happen , but anything is better than being under spain at this point . 
  you 're just assuming things here . 
  there is no precedent for secession in the eu . 
  for what it 's worth i find it more probable that a special negotiation with eu mediation would resolve the situation and that 's it . 
  oh so do i , but claiming that they 're the bad guys for what happened two generations ago and ignoring that they actually recognise the right to self determination is a little bit misleading do n't you think ? 
  you must love russia then , since they were the only ones that helped , basically . 
  i know , but we really do n't really depend on them , we 've got our own inertia and ca n't really stop and see what 's what . 
  for what it 's worth we may not be out of the eu if we seccede . 
  the fascist dictatorship that literally created the actual ruling party of spain ? 
  why yes , maybe the uk 's a little bit better . 
  right after our autonomy laws were humiliatingly denied , yes , the ones we passed via * referendum * and were promised approval in the spanish parliment . 
  ( literally just after that ) please , try to look into what you 're talking about . 
  we are n't bound to the uk ( actually , i 'd rather be bound to them than to spain , at least they know what democracy means ) . 
  we 've been pushing for this since 2010 so we 've waited enough . 
  ( pasted text to avoid paywall ) pep guardiola , manager of manchester city fc , today issued a powerful call to arms for catalonia 's independence referendum , urging the international community to support the spanish region in defying `` an authoritarian state '' in madrid . 
  the former captain and coach of barcelona made the unusual public appeal two days after the catalan president announced an independence vote for october 1 , a move that the spanish government insists is illegal . 
  ironically , secession from spain would see barcelona fc kicked out of la liga , the catalan government has admitted . 
  speaking to a crowd of 30,000 from the steps of barcelona 's national palace , mr guardiola said madrid was `` persecuting political debate '' in `` a threat that affects all democrats '' . 
  `` we catalans are victims of a state that is carrying out political persecution unworthy of a democracy in 21st century europe '' , the football star insisted . 
  reading a referendum manifesto in catalan , spanish and english , he declared : `` we are here to say clearly that on october 1 we will decide our future , even though the spanish state does n't want us to . '' the vote was announced by carles puigdemont , the catalan president , on friday after attempts to negotiate a way out of the secession crisis fell apart in recent weeks . 
  the government of mariano rajoy has consistently rejected all attempts to hold a referendum , insisting a vote would be unconstitutional and ordering the country 's supreme court to focus all its efforts on the issue . 
  amid an increasingly vicious war of words , madrid has accused the catalan government of mounting a `` coup '' in the spanish autonomous region . 
  mr rajoy has compared its push for secession - even if unilateral - to that of `` the worst dictatorships '' , and warned a independent catalonia would be immediately thrown out of the eu . 
  the exchanges have escalated to veiled threats of confrontation : after the spanish government last month vowed to stop a referendum `` by any means '' , mr puigdemont challenged it to explain if the state was `` willing to use force . '' spanish state interference is a deeply sensitive issue in catalonia , where the legacy of general francisco franco and his brutal attempts to crush catalan identity still loom large in the public memory . 
  on sunday , to cheers from supporters waving catalonia 's flag , mr guardiola accused madrid of trying to destroy the catalan movement by blocking infrastructure investment , bringing politically motivated prosecutions against its leaders and undermining the region 's school system . 
  `` we appeal to all the democrats of europe and the world to stand up to the abuses of an authoritarian state '' , he said . 
  the president of the catalan regional government announced last friday that a referendum on the region 's independence will be held 1 october . 
  pablo casado , vice-secretary of communication for the ruling partido popular ( pp ) , hit back at guardiola , reminding him that `` when you are offside , you are breaking the law ... and the referee , which is the government and which is the judiciary , is going to blow the whistle on this illegal play . '', 
  mr guardiola , born in the central catalonian town of santpedor , has been at once the independence movement 's biggest celebrity supporter and its most discreet . 
  he symbolically lent his name to the candidate list for the pro-independence alliance in the 2015 catalan elections - styled as a de facto referendum after a 2014 `` consultation vote '' was ruled illegal - but has largely avoided speaking publicly on the issue until now . 
  now , his intervention - for which he was publicly thanked today by mr puigdemont - may be sorely needed . 
  while three-quarters of catalans support a vote the movement has been losing momentum . 
  mr puigdemont has lost key support , including that of left-wing party podemos and the barcelona mayor ada colau , with his insistence on pushing ahead unilaterally , leaving him reliant on more radical pro-independence elements . 
  an april poll published in barcelona-based newspaper la vanguardia found increasing pessimism among independence supporters , with just 29 percent of those who back a vote believing it will happen , down from 37 percent in january . 
  but with neither side willing to give ground , it remains to be seen how a major collision will be averted . 
  mr guardiola insisted that faced with madrid 's instransigence , `` we do n't have another way out : the only possible response is to vote . '', 
  or composite , which is a roman invention . 
  [ crystal ? 
  what crystal ? 
  and there 's infighting between assassin factions ( anarchists and communists ) ? 
  that 'd be good actually . 
  if you think our situation is comparable in any way to those of the countries you listed either you do n't know what you 're talking about or are trying to push an agenda . 
  in either case i do n't care to reply any further , so have a nice day . 
  this is not a case of pity , if we vote for independence there is no justification possible for non-recognition . 
  it 's the founding principle of the eu and western democracy . 
  self-determination is literally the first article of the un charter . 
  literally half of europe has declared independence from another country and has been dutifully recognised by the rest . 
  this is a non-issue . 
  some countries in the eu have already stated that they will recognise us no matter what ( baltic and central european countries mainly ) . 
  if we win the referendum and declare independence there 's no going back , so the rest will have to follow . 
  ( either click the 9/6/2017 date or read this ) : memorandum # 37 catalan govermment calls an independence referendum on 1 october 2017 the government of catalonia reached an agreement on the date for its self-determination referendum . 
  the referendum will take place on 1 october and the question will be : `` do you want catalonia to be an independent country in the form of a republic ? '', 
  despite the constant refusal of the spanish central government to seek a political solution to the demands of the majority of catalonia \u00b4 s citizens , the government , with the support of a parliamentary majority , decided to go ahead with a referendum . 
  all opinion polls show that three-quarters of the catalan population want a self-determination referendum , regardless of how they would vote . 
  it is up to the catalans to decide on the collective future of their society and the only reasonable way to find out what they think on such a fundamental issue is by asking them directly . 
  the government of catalonia is convinced of the legitimacy of holding a referendum , as a democratic act . 
  the catalan government would like to hold the vote following an agreement between the two governments , but there is no such desire on the part of the spanish government . 
  for this reason , the catalan institutions consider this to be the only possible route for catalonia to decide what the future of its relations with spain should be . 
  the spanish constitution does not forbid this route , and such an important decision should not be conditioned by a partisan interpretation of the constitution . 
  voting can not , under any circumstances , be considered an illegal act . 
  this june , it will be exactly seven years since spain 's constitutional court passed sentence against catalonia 's statute of autonomy . 
  the approval of the statute followed a lengthy process , there was extensive dialogue with the spanish government , commitments were reached with almost all of the constitutional institutions , all of this with a very large degree of consensus . 
  there was also a referendum , held by common agreement . 
  all of this was , however , to no avail in the search for a solution . 
  on the contrary , one sole and highly politicised constitutional institution was sufficient to put an end to the previous dialogue , commitments made and the agreement reached ; furthermore , by court justices firmly anchored in out-of-date ideals and committed to the agenda of the political party that today governs spain . 
  this court is no better today ; by means of an urgent review , the court can now impose the summary suspension of elected officials , with no further judicial process . 
  the reasoned dissent of certain members of this court and the stern warning from the venice commission against this reform , have been in vain in their attempts to persuade the spanish government to reconsider their position . ' only a referendum can end this situation that has been negative and unsatisfactory for both parties and has only deteriorated in recent years . 
  for this reason , this step forward for catalonia should not be seen as a problem but rather as an opportunity for the spanish state to rethink its role and also take a step forward in its democratic system .
