  on the second issue : it 's not about what they cut , but what they left us with . 
  the whole problem was n't about what they were doing with it , but the fact that they were touching it at all . 
  remember that this had gone first through our parliment , then cut in the spanish chambers , then a referendum ( yes , those exist ) , and then again through catalan and spanish chambers * when we supposedly should had the instant approval at the first round as the pm at the time promised us ( it was a lie , surprise surprise ) * . 
  no matter what was left in the estatut at the time , no matter how `` against whatever '' you want to portray it , it was 100 % acceptable . 
  and that 's beacause it had already been cut in the spanish chambers negotiation . 
  but , apparently , it needed more `` modifications '' to suit the populists ( and dare i say semi-fasicst ) needs of the pp ( the conservative party in spain ) , the party that made a huge deal of them being the ones that * killed * the estatut by sending it off to die at the tc . 
  ** tldr : it 's not about what they cut ( which was absolute bullshit anyway ) , it 's the fact that they cut an approved by spanish , catalan chambers + referendum text at all . 
  this is what kickstarted the independentist process **, 
  but not the way he thinks :p, 
   yeah , northern catalonia is pretty much like other region of france , but some of them wo n't accept this fact . 
  i 'm not saying that it should though . 
  northern catalonia should embrace it 's roots as the homeland of the catalans , despite being a french region . 
  catalan culture does n't bite , do n't be scared . 
   for the autonomy , i think you do n't realize that catalonia claimed and had it in 1979 they basically gave us what they wanted beacause it was the return of democracy and we really did n't feel like negotiating a lot ( which was a mistake by the way ) since people were n't sure about how democratic the country would really be . 
   then in 2009 , spain granted you more autonomy and power . 
  [ nothing further from the truth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statute_of_autonomy_of_catalonia ) . 
  to give you a summary , the then president zapatero promised us whatever autonomy charter we voted for in our parliment . 
  not only he did not comply and made us cut it , even when we approved the reduced version the now ruling party ( pp ) in power sent it to the constitutional tribunal , to make their friends over there cut it even more . 
  there is an expression in catalan for this `` paper mullat '' , wet paper . 
  it 's an absolute insult toward catalonia and it 's what basically kickstarted all the independentist process . 
  look , we wo n't claim it . 
  period . 
  there are other regions like the balearic islands or the valencian country that we have much more in common culture-wise and we would n't even claim them in a 1000 years . 
  i went there 2 years ago and nobody even spoke catalan , it 's so sad . 
  also , what the hell are you talking about ? 
  we 've had independentists here since forever , the push for independence began six years ago * when they would n't let us have more autonomy * . 
  the spanish goverment has n't conceded us crap . 
  [ they have * trabucs and funny dresses man !, 
  * you spaniards are like , so dead ] ( http://www.publico.es/files/article_main/uploads/2016/01/12/5695426164a04.jpg ), 
  do n't know about that , but do n't worry , everybody here speaks spanish despite what some people around here might tell you :p !, 
  if you want to get the full catalonia experience ^ ^ tm then you should learn catalan !, 
  once you know spanish it 's kinda easy ^ ^ ^ ^ not, 
  oh , so you want us to negotiate a referendum but also do n't want us to be able to do so ? 
  * the irony *, 
  ... the fuck . 
  catalan nationalism has been led by left-wing parties since it took a political stance after the reinaixen\u00e7a in the late xixth century . 
  you ca n't bullshit your way through history mate . 
  we do n't claim northern catalonia as part of our new state , what the hell are you on about ? 
  well , this would n't be the only factor to take into account obviously , it 's not that simple . 
  if you want i can link you some reports about it . 
  as it stands , we 're the region in sourthern europe that attracts more business , and this `` spanish companies would leave '' scaremongering has been proven not true . 
  i compared it with portugal to give foreigners an idea of the size of our economy , since people do n't really think about catalonia as an state ( which ... they might just have to start doing somewhat soon :p ) , and true , the situation is just not the same at all . 
  catalonia 's gdp in 2015 was 214.927 m $ , which is the biggest gdp of any spanish region , to throw in some numbers . 
  i just gave portugal as an example though , you have to take into account that we 're just 7,5 m people or so . 
  and we would be a net countributor since day one , plus we 're one ( if not the ) fastest growing economies in europe ( we 've been growing more than spain for 14 consecutive trimesters ) . 
  moreso , if we include the huge economic boom that our independence will create , this will increase even more ( by at least 15.000 m $ or more or less 8 % of our gdp , which is what spain takes from us in taxes every year ) . 
  you do realise that picking sentences out of context might be one of the most childish arguments ever , right ? 
  this is not how this works . 
  we have the recognised right to vote * for our independence * . 
  it 's not just anything that we 've come up . 
  we 've tried to negotiate a referendum like any sane country would but it appears spain did n't care . 
  well , let 's see if you care now . 
  [ un charter , article 1 ] ( http://www.un.org/en/sections/un-charter/chapter-i/ ) :  the purposes of the united nations are :  to maintain international peace and security , and to that end : to take effective collective measures for the prevention and removal of threats to the peace , and for the suppression of acts of aggression or other breaches of the peace , and to bring about by peaceful means , and in conformity with the principles of justice and international law , adjustment or settlement of international disputes or situations which might lead to a breach of the peace ;  ** to develop friendly relations among nations based on respect for the principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples , and to take other appropriate measures to strengthen universal peace ; **  ( ... ) if the only language that you spaniards can speak is the one involving laws and apparently not the one involving votes , why are n't you following them too ? 
  i mean , there 's no precedent for a secession within the eu , so despite evereyone being so sure that we 'd be out i do n't count a transition to a new eu state out . 
  remember , secessions are long processes and a lot of things can be negotiated , especially if they benefit everyone . 
  i mean , are we even going to exit ? 
  seccession is a long process , and i 'd really doubt we 're even kicked out at all , since the negotiating table can deal with our transition as a new state . 
  there 's no precedent for this , so it 's all pure speculation , despite how sure everyone is . 
  well , i 'd be fine with that honestly . 
  we would n't complain about it really, 
  i just ... do n't even know . 
  i know it 's bad to say it , but it has to be a combination of ignorance/passivity by foreigners and pperos upvoting it , which makes it rise . 
  i 've seen it too many times , though judging from this thread i 'd say the more `` radical '' opinions seem to be always held by foreingers which since i guess they do n't really hold a stake in this affair can afford to say whatever they want without not looking into it much . 
  it 's sad , since comments like these are complete lies , and there 's little we can do about them , they 're upvoted by pure inertia right now . 
  they would though , since it 's a political conflict that forces an answer by the eu either way . 
  fuck off , since when do you get to speak for us ? 
  we have our right to vote and it is being violated by the spanish goverment . 
  if they do not allow us to fullwill it we will anyway . 
  human rights trump any authoritarian constitution . 
  you just hit them right in their * muh constitution !, 
  * well done !, 
  they do n't like to admit that * maybe not letting people vote is maybe not democratic *, 
  i mean , it 's not like we have n't tried to negotiate a referendum since maybe 2012 . 
  we 've been sadly forced into this position , and still the only party which wants to talk about letting us vote is minoritary in the parliment . 
  i mean , our economy is bigger than portugal 's . 
  `` small country '' is a relative term . 
  these threads are just full of these types of people , it 's impossible to argue against any of them . 
  `` brainwashing '' , yeah sure . 
  this is the first act of institutional disobedience against the spanish state due to the failure of our previous political stance that promoted dialogue to try to organize a referendum , something that we 've been trying to do since 2012 i think already . 
  it 's a much needed first step to let the catalans vote freely exercising their right to self-detemination . 
   i did know not that . 
  i suspect that if the independence movement is strong enough , the spanish government will just have to face a referendum sooner or later . 
  they will not let us organize one though , even though we currently are the majoritary opinion in catalonia ( i think it was 47 % in favour vs 42 % against and the rest abstained in the most recent poll ) . 
  there is a strong policy in spain to not let us vote in referendum , so we 'll have to organize one unillaterally . 
   what 's the reason for wanting to be independent ? 
  is it mostly economical or cultural ? 
  and does it mean the population also wants out of the eu ? 
  [ it 's a somewhat old article ( so the political situation is not up to date ) , and it also does n't cover our struggle with the protection of our language ( under constant threat by the spanish education administration that wants to reduce its use in schools , for example ) , but it 's a good summary ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/spain/11179914/why-does-catalonia-want-independence-from-spain.html ) . 
  we 're one of the most pro-eu regions in the continent though !, 
  we 're even federalists !, 
  catalonia is as much as a country as scotland though . 
  we 've got our own language , culture , etc. 
  and we 've even been recognised as a nation even by some parts of the spanish convervatives ( which is an achievement in it of itself ) . 
  we even had our own royalty ruling over the crown of aragon with the palace in barcelona . 
  yup . 
  you guys are so fucking lucky , despite the brexit, 
  oh absolutely, 
  ** we ** can criticize ourselves , not foreigners . 
  that 's how it works , alright ? 
  we get catty when these uppity northerners do so .
