  what are you even doing here ? 
  ... that 's not how a plebiscite works mate . 
  that 's how a ** referendum ** works . 
  if you do n't know what you 're talking about just do n't repeat the same thing over and over again , it does n't make it more right . 
  in plebiscites certain parties can remain neutral if they so chose . 
  and that 's why the purpose of this legislature is to try to organize a proper referendum where there are no parties involved . 
  we won that plebiscite 48 % to 39 % * beacause * it was n't a referendum : podemos chose not to participate in the yes/no campaign ( and they clearly said so ) . 
  our legislature is n't a `` normal '' legislature , so of course it is n't a good example ( trying to seccede is hard when we ca n't vote on a referendum ) . 
  yet pretty much all of our town halls are in coalitions , for example . 
   of course the major risk would be that spain would instantly be consumed by a possible independence vote in catalonia and thus retreat from the eu stage . 
  orrrrr the independence of catalonia would be a major shake-down of eu institutions that would guarantee that they think things twice before forcing austerity measures that make people to mobilize and kickstart these movements . 
  i for one think that an independent catalonia would reinforce the idea of a more centralized europe , in which nation-states and not unstable * whateveryouthinkspainmaybe * states rule . 
  the more content people are with their goverment ( both against austerity and nationally ) the better for stability on the whole continent . 
  they literally do n't understand the word `` dialogue '' . 
  this is a text-book example of what happens when bipartidism is broken , and it 's pretty interesting to see from catalonia , where coalitions are common . 
  not in the 27s elections though . 
  before them , and during the campaing they explicitly said that they are `` neither for or against '' independence , beacause they are more concerned about other issues , so they were counted as neutral . 
   look it 's abundantly clear that you have never opened a book on the subject of economics . 
  blah blah blah i 'm right and you 're wrong !, 
  sorry , i do n't discuss with fallacies, 
   i know exactly what it means . 
  and this means that if you two were to stop or decrease trade , spain would have to produce the lost imports themselves ( generally good for their economy ) and you would have to produce less due to export shortfall ( bad for your economy ) . 
  clear ? 
  ahhh , so you think setting up industry is so easy !, 
  no , you see , that means that they depend more on * us * than we do on * them * . 
  clear ? 
   well your misunderstanding of economics already tipped me off . 
  if you were to seal your borders with the eu you 'd quickly fall into serbia style poverty . 
  while there is plenty of border left for spain with france , a port in valencia and the major airports still left . 
  utterly delusional . 
  your right you could hurt spain , but in the process you 'd commit economic suicide . 
  it 's no credible threat and in any case one that spain would be able to call . 
  i mean , i do n't belive this will ever happen but as is the case with any country bordering schengen the borders are mandatory . 
  so yeah , it 's not even up for us to decide . 
  even if we 're outside of the eu we 'll probably be part of the common market so it 's not like it even matters that much . 
  no we did not . 
  en com\u00fa podem was neutral and did n't align either with yes or no , remember ? 
  i mean i dunno , catalan nationalism is pro-eu federation , and we 're a majority here in catalonia, 
   this appears to be the sort of rhetoric that is par of the course for separatists , no ? 
  i 'm sorry to say , but it 's laughable in its delusion . 
  also the fact that they are in deficit with you means that it is you who would lose far more . 
  not the other way around . 
  trading deficit with someone means that you buy more than you sell to them . 
  spain is a trading deficit with us . 
  clear ? 
  also , how the hell is delusional ? 
  if they do n't want us in the eu we 're bound to create closed borders , it 'd be * delusional * if we did n't . 
  ahhhhhhhhhh you again !, 
  so , what 's your need to go replying to most of my comments in the same chain if you 're going to troll ala trump in all of them ? 
  there 's way better things to spend your time on, 
  i mean , statistically speaking right now what other region has any chance to go out apart from us and scotland ? 
  the basques ? 
  they 're in spain too . 
  remember , this process has been going on here since more or less 2008 uninterrupted , it takes a while to get something like this going , so i really doubt it would kickstart somewhere else in just that little time . 
   and also the spaniards might just say `` no '' to cat 's accession to the eu - they have a power to veto , just like any other eu govt . 
  as i said , they can but they wo n't . 
  it will hurt them more that it would hurt us . 
  not only beacause they are in a trading deficit in respect to us , but also beacause we 're their gateway into europe , and if they veto us you can be pretty damm sure that we 'd tariff the shit out of everything they 'd send trough . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation and neither wants that . 
  yes , but remember : once we 're out of spain and they realize we 're not coming back not accepting us into the eu will hurt them as much ( or even more ) as us, 
  and this gives us new wings here in catalonia too !, 
  everybody is talking about it !, 
  ... wait , did you just call us spaniards for not wanting to be spaniards ? 
  oh , the irony, 
  thank you , scotland !, 
  you could say the same about val\u00e8ncia and balears though, 
  yes , more or less 24h late ( and give me a break anyway , they did it after i wrote this comment :p ) and all used it with to further their campaigns , as in `` vote me and these people wo n't exist '' , which is pathetic, 
  yup , we 've reached a gridlock apparently, 
  nah not really , it 's just a misconception . 
  it has stalled yes , but a poll last week got 48,4 % for independence and 7 % undecided plus 8 would n't answer, 
   honestly , as a catalan myself whose on the edge about independence , i do n't know how to feel about any of this . 
  it seems like at this point the `` proc\u00e9s '' is more in the hands of the media and leakers than anyone else , so i 'll just try to make the most of whatever outcome we get . 
  it 's true , and sad . 
  i 'll have to wait to see whatever happens beacause indoutably this is beneficial to us independentists , yet the `` proc\u00e8s '' is contaminated with propaganda from the establishment . 
  the anc has gone downhill with the new president and we need a reset . 
  still , i do not trust podemos to give us that or a referendum , their proposals of multinationality or however they want to call it just seem like vague promises to gain votes in catalonia ( have they even explained how they intend to make the referendum ? 
  ) , so i 'll probably stick to voting erc, 
   by the way , is p\u00fablico the only newspaper that has verified this , or are others doubting the story ? 
  it is true , since the recordings match perfectly with both of the scumbag 's voices, 
  and they `` do n't see reasons to step down '' . 
  and not a single non-catalan politician has said anything , not them or any big news outlet in the state ( since , surprise surprise , at least grupo planeta - very big media news corp - was involded ) . 
  what a farce . 
  by the way , this article was posted here yesterday and got 62 % upvoted , something that very rarely happens on this sub . 
  food for thought . 
  and they `` do n't see reasons to step down '' . 
  and not a single non-catalan politician has said anything , not them or any big news outlet in the state . 
  what a farce . 
  also , 62 % upvoted , it seems like some people do n't really want this to be seen . 
  at least it 's easier to pronounce than the other one ... 
  ah yes , sorry , it was pretty late !, 
  go ask around palma and see if they agree , catalan , despite it 's small area of speakers , does have a lot of dialects , compared to castilian for example , or continental french . 
  or catalan , sice andorran ( aranese ) is a dialect of occitan with heavy catalan influence, 
  nah , they have always been two * very * close languages but still disctinct . 
  in medieval times , catalan was actually considered occitan and vice versa , yet they knew that they spoke differently ( the trobadors poems were always written in occitan , which was considered `` the poet 's language '' ) . 
  aranese , which is an offshot dialect of occitan is basically catalan with a few weird words and there are some full on occitan dialects that sound very close to catalan too . . 
  it pretty much sounds like catalan with a french accent, 
  i like it , it 's a walkway into the water, 
  the catalan example is the standard dialect ( as expected from a tv-news channel ) , but we 've got a lot of dialectal differences among many regions , kinda like german, 
  no , the spanish goverment actually has signed some decrees that partly recognise catalan , but not fully . 
  catalan is recognised as a `` communicativie language '' ( since 2005 ) which means that we as citizens can adress most eu institutions in catalan and get an answer in the same language .
