  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unzjc6luyke ) . 
  and yes , [ they 're going up these stairs ] ( http://equipatgedema.cat/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/localizaciones-de-juego-de-tronos-en-girona-catedral-de-girona.jpg ), 
  have n't even heard this mentioned over here in catalonia . 
  it * definetely * needs to spread , especially to less proeu countries . 
  ( margallo was the minister of foreign affairs of spain for the last legislature ), 
  that 's why right wing nationalists hate sinpapeles , they do n't have dni so it does n't work with them !, 
  oh no , he finished them alright , but almost everything burnt when his studio was raided in the civil war . 
  that 's why they are n't able to follow his lead as much as anyone would want to , they only have pictures of a model i think . 
  ehhhhhhhhh imho sagrada familia is a `` what if '' full of misinterpretations of what gaudi wanted , but hey , it 's an awesome building nonetheless ... 
  but if they had been able to follow more his designs ... oh , that 'd be the best building in the planet period . 
  he needs to say `` spain '' . 
  he * really * does, 
  one of the best cities in catalonia , though i 've got a soft spot for barcelona :p !, 
  my second favourite for sure !, 
   i live in reality , and its not just economics , also nice appeal to emotion completely side stepping my question so you live in a reality where people are judged by the colour of their skin and not on their intrinsic human dignity ? 
  you must live in a sad , sad world , full of fear and prejudice . 
  my best friend came hidden in a truck with water bottles and now he 's studying law . 
  my sister is from asia . 
  i want to say fuck you but that wo n't really solve anything . 
  you know what ? 
  fuck you anyway . 
   no its because thye are illegal migrants , not my fault they are all black , if they were arabs or other muslims i would do the same . 
  -  `` if they are different than me then i do n't give a shit about them '' . 
  question for op : why do you find the need to economically value a human life ? 
  i just ca n't understand it , it 's just so morally wrong in my opinon . 
  also , based on this picture , you only do this to black people , is it beacause they 're black so you feel comfortable doing this to `` them '' ? 
  obviously . 
  they do n't govern for us , they do so against us . 
  it 's just a kidnapping at this point . 
   france . 
  both of them would veto catalonia 's entry . 
  source ? 
  oh , point 0 of any democracy is now authoritarian . 
  alright . 
  falange was 100 % fascist . 
  they lost power in the 50-60 in favour of the technocrats , but they still lingered . 
  and yes , that 's why i did n't want to use authoritarian . 
  true , you were n't the op in this chain . 
  ah no , i just assumed you actually lived , studied/worked in catalonia and more or less cared about catalan culture at all . 
  that 's it , that 's what it takes , do n't be so pompous . 
   plenty of powers , we think not . 
   and has a say in spanish elections just as the rest of spanish regions do . 
  that we ca n't choose to opt out of beacause we want to decide if we 're a spanish region . 
   by the same definition the un gives , catalonia already has its right of self-determination fulfilled . 
  if you spin it harder it will fly . 
  i hope not . 
  but you just started it with `` corruption in catalonia is the same as spain '' . 
  it 's perception is , beacause it 's useful propaganda . 
   why do you think the rest of the spanish people is n't worthy of this ? 
  beacause they do n't happen to live in catalonia . 
  it 's called * self * determination for a reason , you know ? 
   what have i done to not deserve being part of your mystical community ? 
  is it my blood ? 
  is it my birthplace ? 
  my language ? 
  why do you want to cast me , and many others , out ? 
  because of some completely made-up abstraction called the nation ? 
  boy , i sure hope that makes you happy . 
  ... you 're 100 % catalan . 
  what 's your deal ? 
   haha , nope . 
  not at all . 
  this is a lie . 
  mostly because you keep lying to yourself about what self-determination means . 
   to develop friendly relations among nations based on respect for the principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples , and to take other appropriate measures to strengthen universal peace ; [ article 1 , point 2 . 
  ] ( http://www.un.org/en/sections/un-charter/chapter-i/index.html ), 
  read the article . 
  well , as i said in another comment , the basis of any state is its people . 
  nation , group of people , whatever you want to call it . 
  i do n't have much love for the concept of nation myself . 
  you understand that the basis of any state is it 's people right ? 
  the sovereignty of the people makes law null , and we 've decided here in catalonia to become sovereign and to vote for our future . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  in any case , self-determination is in the first article of the un charter , so it 's well established either way . 
  some countries choose to recognise it and others do not , and here in catalonia we do . 
   the amount of money pujol stashed in andorra is not perceived , m8 he did n't stash it , his father did , at least until new data surfaces . 
  he just kept it there beacause he feared it would destroy his political career ( and jokes on him it did ) . 
   the 3 % is not any sort of perception either . 
  how much shit you are willing to eat as long as it has a white start painted on it . 
  yes , the 3 % case is a serious deal . 
  note the use of singular . 
  [ it 's a big case , but compared to the total amount in spain , it 's a joke ] ( http://estaticos.expansion.com/imagenes/2014/10/17/empresas/1413573344_0.jpg ) . 
  also , i 've never voted for converg\u00e8ncia or jxs beacause of that , so fuck off . 
   because so far all answers i 've heard to that question sound too similar to francoist propaganda about the spanish race for comfort . 
  then you have n't been reading too many anwsers . 
  or i do n't want to know where you read them . 
  are you actually denying the fact that catalonia is its own nation and has been for quite a while ? 
  we do exist , you know ? 
  i mean , it 's kind of depressing , but this * is * actually one of the effects of francoism in spain , this denial . 
  the conditions changed * immensely * . 
  one of the main arguments for staying in was actually eu membership , lol . 
  why should n't they ? 
   be my guest if you want to go that route . 
  of the first two , surely . 
  there has not been a violent act in our demonstrations . 
   and yes , i realise that sometimes i sound too r/iamverysmart , but it really is a complicated issue . 
  your leaders have sold it to you as a very simple , black and white thing , and that is nothing but lies . 
  not really , and i actually appreciate to have an argument , i was excusing myself beacause * i really do n't have the time * . 
  yet i understand that if the majority ( a big majority ) of the population want a referendum the only choice in a democracy is to do it . 
  any other path denies an electoral mandate , which was prettty clear .
