  of course it was about independence, 
  if do n't want to go to the demonstration it 's not our fault . 
  it was n't an institutional demonstration and it had nothing to do with the government . 
  true , the president met the organizers at the end , but he always does that with every single big demonstration, 
  cdc ( ciu does n't exist anymore ) has only been independentist since ... maybe 2 years ago . 
  the people that say `` this is all mas 's master plan '' ( or variations of this theme ) are all ignorants and fools . 
  he even went to madrid in 2012 to negotiate a fiscal pact and * try to end the movement . 
  el periodico is n't a catalan newspaper , not for what we 're arguing about . 
  you could say the same about la vanguardia too , since you pulled * statal * data , not catalan . 
  if you count `` la vanguardia '' as catalan ( which i guess you should ) , it 's the third . 
  it sells even in the red belt , so it 's big . 
  yeah whatever , you can also ignore why we had to develop industry why the rest of the country indulged in empire trade, 
  no it is n't and just one of my arguments is economical , thing is , it 's the only one * you care about * to make your point, 
  they were and are just trying to earn votes in other areas of spain for ` not conceding to the demands of the * catalufos * ', 
  when did you exactly think that catalan nationalism really went crazy ? 
  it 's not our fault the rest of spain did n't want to industrialize, 
  so we should instead remain in spain having our finances draimed , our culture and language threatened and our indentity insulted ? 
  please tell me more . 
  also they are n't ` some dudes ' , you should know that, 
  proportionally by population we have a higher level of fluency , i do n't see where in your page this is refuted, 
  it will never happen beacause it makes no sense at all and that 's not how nations work . 
  paris would never seccede from france, 
  i 'm just talking about a really important migratory wave , that 's it . 
   so you think that if inside of a redistributive system you separate from the rest one part that is richer , that part will become even richer because it wo n't have to redistribute income ? 
  then why stop at catalonia , would n't barcelona be better off alone ? 
  would n't it make sense to take the wealthiest neighbourhood and make it into a state ? 
  this does n't make any sense , beacause * it is n't the only reason we 're doing this * . 
  it 's * the nation of catalonia * the one that wants to be independent , not some random region . 
   that thing you 're saying as if it were absolute truth has no basis . 
  many factors are at play , and in my opinion the availability of a big market ( job market as well ) outweights completely any advantage you would get from a slight increase in public investment . 
  not to mention the reduction of private investment this process would imply . 
  uncertainty would rise , borrowing costs as well ... we 're not idiots , we are n't doing this without worldclass economists backing us . 
  there 's thousands of articles backing our movement . 
   but nationalism has proved to be a bad friend in the past . 
  i 'd be very careful to tread that path . 
  see , here 's is where you got it wrong . 
  this has trascended nationalism , since we are n't doing it just for the sake of our nation . 
  we want to create a better country * for everyone * and welcome anyone living here to participate . 
  sumate , if you understand spanish , is an organization that will explain it better, 
  what ? 
  i 'm talking about the huge wave ( a big chunk of our population comes from that ) of internal spanish immigrants that came around the 50 ' , 60 ' and 70 ', 
  and their sons , yes that 's true, 
  yep !, 
  it 's not like i actually care about what happens to bar\u00e7a that much :p, 
  it 's badly phrased . 
  if had access to all of the resources that we create , sort of like euskadi ( the richest region today ) * we would be the richest * . 
  we produce the biggest part of gdp in spain . 
  many of which are also catalans though . 
  we respect their opinion too, 
  beacause there was more people in the parade than in the entire city of barcelona . 
  it 's not only the capital that wants to be independent , you know ? 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  this stuff is n't common in our demonstrations, 
  fuck this . 
  we deserve to spend what we produce and not be drained year after year . 
  it probably wo n't happen , too much money involved, 
  could n't buy more free highways eh ? 
  if we negotiate the exit there should n't be much problem, 
  yes , that 's true, 
  they were either 2m if you trust the organizers or 1.4 m if you trust the police , and maybe it was inbetween , but i trust the 2m more :p !, 
  * we were a ton of people there !, 
  * the 500000 figure is pretty much fake , comes from madrid and not even they belive it hahahahaha, 
  this is not what sarcasm means . 
  it is n't even close to reality . 
  i 'm going to sleep , have a good night mate, 
  my argument is that only people in 13th and friends ( what we here call `` la caverna '' , really , really right-wing and spanish nationalist media ) would think that we 'd say this :  we the 3.1 m people of the city of madrid are all nazis that want to opress other people and steal all their moneys because we are all catalan-haters and we eat their babies nom nom nom . 
  weeeell ... we only need to vote !, 
  ^ ( also , i 'll answer the pm tomorrow ... 
  i wanted to do it today but it 's sooooooooooooooooooooo late ! ), 
   i told you many times . 
  `` we '' means `` i '' . 
  you need to improve that . 
  generalization . 
  do you know it ? 
  of course there 's an idiot or two , but i 'm betting that there 's many more on your side . 
  you wo n't see your president legitmally called hitler , franco , etc. 
  and nothing would happen , or have him legally threatened by * reforming the constitunal tribunal * . 
  democracy in spain is pretty low level . 
   kek . 
  i have n't seen your arguments anywhere except 13tv and friends, 
  this is n't 1714 and in the final battles we were n't even fighting for a king, 
  like what , [ the tunnel in girona ? 
  ] ( http://estaticos.elperiodico.com/resources/jpg/4/9/1412001066694.jpg ), 
  not even in a fucking milion years we would say that . 
  it 's about building a new and better state with the resources that we ourselves produce and being able to protect our culture and identity sucessfully . 
  not anything else . 
  stop spreading spanish-nationalist propaganga, 
  it 's hard to keep up with someone in their native language , even if you 've lived half of your life in the eu parliment . 
  belive me , it 's not easy and romeva 's good . 
  plus economy , we suffer the biggest fiscal deficit in the world ( 8 % of our gdp , 16.000 m $ per year go into spain ), 
  there 's a ton of money in the league . 
  it pretty much wo n't happen , we 'll reach an agreement, 
  thank you !, 
  we will be very good neighbours ... and remember , you 're a country beacause spain decided to keep us :p !, 
  thank you !, 
  i wish we had that treatment , but with spanish politics it 's pretty impossible honestly, 
  nope it wo n't , we like `` exotic '' things and protesting in english :p, 
  [ yes it is !, 
  ] ( http://www.ara.cat/en ) ( suck it / u/sugusino \\ ), 
  from an independentist , this has trascended nationalism ( like many spaniards * wo n't tell you * ) , it 's way beyond that ( just look at sumate for example ) .
