  we 'll get rid of them once we 're independent . 
  one of the best things about small countries is that corruption reaches surface faster . 
   whatever wording you 'd prefer for 'em bargada como fianza ' . 
  i had to check the dictionary to translate , it gave me ` seized ' . 
  it may very well not be the best translation . 
  it is n't but hey . 
   i 'd set myself on fire before voting pp . 
  let 's not distract from matters here , pp did n't teach puyol how to steal . 
  he just figured a way to do it while wrapped in a flag . 
  they have allowed him to steal for years without ousting him because he was useful in national politics , but now he does n't have any use , they gloat in the news . 
  puyol has been a leech to the catalan people and it infuriates me that at least the left is not up in arms against him . 
  it 's not puyol it 's pujol , but anyway , and on what account does that idiot matter now ? 
  he has been off politics for a decade , has been accused of having black money in andorra ( that might or might not come from his father ) and not for `` stealing '' , and does n't rule shit now . 
  derrailing the discussion not something i applaud, 
   i do n't think the war of spanish succession classifies as a `` conquest '' . 
  there was opposition to phillip v of bourbon in aragon , but from what i 've read it was not general and quite a bit of it was cause by the franco-phobic sentiment in aragon . 
  a joint international army was organised by aragon and they reached and conquered madrid , but could n't keep it for too long . 
  besides , we lost because they no longer felt like helping us , and france had free reign over our lands . 
  this `` centralization '' ... 
  anyway , what you 've shown here is plain old ignorance , if you define the annexation of aragon as that euphemism you clearly justify and agree to the torment of the people that lived there and the attempt at destroying our culture ( thankfully unsuccessful ) ... 
  which is pretty horrible in my opinion . 
   anyway , this whole discussion relies on a vote for independence in catalunya . 
  without a majority there , nothing happens  yup , that 's what democracy is for !, 
  you should tell that to madrid if you 're by there one day . 
  they 'd be suprised and maybe learn a thing or two : they think a piece of paper can impede the will of the people to vote !, 
  besides , how does he plan on keeping a country forcefully inside of another ? 
  the right to selfdetermination is as old as ww1 , and that 's no opinion, 
  oh for fucks sake , on catalans insulting andalusians . 
  i know it has happened some times , but to compare it to the catalanophobia that happens here is almost insulting . 
  and then to claim that `` we should be united '' ... why ? 
  spain did n't think too much on us while they could , now we have grown tired of all this crap . 
  and no , twisting my words wo n't really help you much, 
   ch\u00e1ves talking about catalonia * si tenc collons que me lo diga a la cara * what a political genious he is . 
   yes , a lot of spaniards insult people from catalonia , but the same happens at almost every region - and you always try to make it look like it 's `` the evil madrid '' . 
  please , sources . 
   there is much more spain far from madrid , and we all have to deal with problems and hatred , but i do n't think dividing ourselves is the best way to deal with our problems . 
  oh , not at all , you 'd best not be divided : surely losing such a big portion of your gdp will stink . 
  should n't have drank from it for such a long time though . 
  we 've had enough and we 're out, 
  he said `` is spoken by 7m '' . 
  the others are also speakers, 
  oh well then , we 're equally fucked . 
  and no , franco was just the last of a long line of tyrans , so we sadly got that for us . 
  war is common in iberia, 
  spain was formed in 1714 after the war of spanish succession which saw castille annexing aragon and uniting the political body of both countries in madrid , before that it had only been a monarchic union , each state having each own laws and rights . 
  that war saw also the razing of half of the city of barcelona , the erection of citadels and fortifications used to squash any rebelion inside the city and the prohibition of catalan and any right that the catalans had . 
   modern attitudes do not necessarily reflect situations in the past correctly . 
  [ are you sure ? 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/heroisindepes/media ), 
   however there are several other spanish dialects with official status in spain ( e.g. 
  catalan which is spoken by 7 million people ) . 
  errrrr i see your good intentions , but catalan is n't a dialect and has over 10m speakers :p, 
  i just told him we he had been downvoted . 
  you 're exagerating, 
  the uk has a tradition to negotiate , spain does n't , we 're in their country because we where outright conquered ... and it seems people here still have that attitude toward us and ca n't comprehend why we would want out . 
   i have some ideas . 
  he has been part of the corrupt structure that has drained the whole catalunya by 3 % at the time [ 1 ] for 25 years . 
  that has not been proved and is just an accusation , he has n't been cited to court . 
   head of a party that has their headquarters seized for corruption . 
  that is not true , their hq is vouched in assets , not seized . 
   official heir of the most instutionalised crooks known to any catal\u00e1n ever , jordi puyol & family . 
  this is just pp propaganda . 
  i ca n't belive i 'm defending that egomaniac , i do n't like him at all , but i ca n't also take this kind of wild accusations, 
  i 'm not just talking about me but yeah , `` covering downvotes '' is a good excuse you just used there to justify them . 
  btw , op here for example arrived at -6 not too long ago, 
  oh , so duran i lleida said one thing and that just confirms every insult you laid on us for the last century ? 
  ok then, 
  yes , but they do n't flee in the proportion of what happens here . 
  in fact our case is that of one of the biggest if not the biggest fiscal deficit in the world, 
  obviously i 'm speaking for the independentists ... 
  belive me we 've tried everything and this is our last resort . 
  all parties in favor of independence will add a point to their program calling for the secession once they 're in power , that 's it, 
  so what ? 
  does n't mean that they are n't a bunch of hypocrites, 
  beacause the right to self determination is as old as 1914 and countries that call themselves democratic respect that . 
  the right to self-determination is sadly only respected on a few contries and understood on even less of those . 
  spain does n't account for either , but we 'll take any chance than we can get , even if we have to create them by ourselves . 
  and what i meant before was the heavy downvoting of discording opinion by what looks like a bunch of spanish trolls, 
  we are doing it democratically and pacifically , with a popular majority that will be confirmed on the neutral plebiscite of 27 september , which will be supervised by international mediators, 
  [ yes , i read the news ] ( http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20141110/54419159130/ciutadans-jordi-canas-asesor-girauta.html ) , no i still find it manipulative by their part . 
   they have n't positioned to the right or the left because they are a center party that has policies both of center-left and center-rigth . 
  more like a bunch of opportunists that in the 8 years of opposition that they had they are only known for their prime time on television and pr-campaigns, 
  nope , i think you only read the first paragraph . 
  if you read the second you would see things like these :  this , in a country which contributes to spain far more than it gets in return : figures vary , but it is reasonable to suggest that catalonia loses between 10,000 to 16,000 million euros per year , because of this fiscal deficit . 
  the accumulated deficit between catalonia and spain for the period 1986-2010 reaches a total of 213,933 million euros , five times catalonia 's current debt . 
  the economic imbalance between what catalans pay in taxes to the spanish state and what they get in return , is a major contributing factor to the sense of anger and frustration felt by many . 
  it has been very hard for catalans see their school and hospital services deteriorate under the sever cuts that have been administered while those in other regions which are arguably subsidized from catalan taxes go virtually unscathed . 
   let 's not even entertain the notion of an invasion . 
  i think is a waste of time , but to think that catalunya has any way of holding any ground whatsoever with what it has , it 's just lunacy . 
  i agree . 
  thankfully as you said , it wo n't happen anyway, 
  i 'm claiming that one of the factors for rivera 's demise is him being a catalan , no matter how hard he tries distancing himself from that, 
  a country born of a true democratic process without war or violence is not comparable to those who you cited . 
  [ just look at this map and tell me , are they recognised or not ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/archive/1/10/20090318214720!european_countries_independent_during_20th_century.gif )  how can the eu have a trading pact with country many wo n't recognize ? 
  you just assumed that, 
  he cites numbers . 
  those are hard to contradict and anyway , if spain does use it 's army it will imediately lose the little legitimacy they had over catalonia . 
  the eu would certainly intervene in that case . 
  and in the mossos there 's as many madmen as there are in the policia , with the difference being that they work for la generalitat and * they * are subject to it,
