   how many would recognise you ? 
  at least every single democratic one , including those inside europe or else they would loose all legitimacy to even call themselves that . 
  recognition is no issue . 
   you do realize that france is n't free to trade with a country without the eu doing it on its behalf . 
  that 's why they want us inside . 
  or with a trading pact, 
   catalonia would not be in the eu , and therefore would have no trade with the rest of the eu . 
  there 's plenty of countries outside the eu that do trade with it . 
  the whole world in fact . 
   i assume catalonia 's economy could n't withstand a near complete economic blackout ? 
  that does n't necessairly have to happen and i very much doubt that it will . 
  other countries such as france ( and spain even if they do n't want to recognise it ) are heavily tied economically to catalonia, 
  did you know that some catalans tried the irish way only some years after they did it and failed ? 
  we 're a bunch of pacifists , not a single one of our demonstrations has ended up in riots, 
  they are already corrupt , their second in command who said himself that any * imputado * would leave the party has been judged by corruption and now is an * asesor * in madrid . 
  and we 've known them for quite a while , they are n't new here and as you see , they only have around 7 % of the votes . 
  we know they are only demagogy : they have n't proposed * anything * new nor they have positioned themselves either to the right or the left in all these years, 
  given the % of catalonia 's population respective to spain 's and that every single one that tried has been shunned for that fact it 's no wonder that this will happen again, 
  [ from this inverview ] ( http://www.publico.es/politica/rey-no-quedar-senor-ejemplar.html )  * \u00bf cree que el ej\u00e9rcito actuar\u00e1 si finalmente catalunya se independiza ? 
  the mossos are trained in the use of weapons yes , and they are loyal to la generalitat , but i 'd reeeeally doubt that a conflict would erupt, 
  because catalanophobia still exists and not a single catalan pm has existed for almost a century, 
  i very much doubt that situation could happen in europe ( for an extend period of time that is , the first few months i concede that something like that could happen ) , which depends very much on open borders for importation/exportation, 
  [ this might help you ] ( http://www.ara.cat/viacatalana/catalan-way-catalonia-independence_0_990501167.html ), 
  i do n't think separatist means what you think it means, 
  and ours will exist !, 
  yay !, 
  ... my god . 
  you do know that the cases are absolute opposites do n't you ? 
  true , but that fact will take part in their defeat, 
  the eu as an official body has n't taken a side . 
  what it 's obvious is that democratic countries recognise other democratic countries ... since at least the beggining of the last century, 
  it 's something that we do n't know yet , that 's why we 're voting on the 27th of september, 
  then either they realise that they 're the ones that are going to lose and * not * veto us or they offer us some kind of last-minute pact , something which i really doubt, 
  probably the eu will force them in some way to do it in the best of the worlds ... 
  podemos got more votes for example . 
  syriza won the elections ... 
  proof for what ? 
  that democracies exist ? 
  well , you just need to look at a map [ like this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/archive/1/10/20090318214720!european_countries_independent_during_20th_century.gif ) and wonder why they are recognised, 
  that second declaration was made after spain sent it 's diplomats there to `` correct '' the situation . 
  but for fuck 's sake , it 's obvious that the would get recognition , the problem is n't there , but with the veto of spain in the eu . 
  i hope that they are at least able to recognise the harm that would come to them if they use that power, 
  more like they look at the flair and upvote/downvote at will, 
  i guess that 's a good colateral effect ? 
  i already gave you some examples , but hey , if you [ want more examples you can have them ] ( https://twitter.com/mainatjm/status/580461488369979392/photo/1 ) . 
  and obviously no , but that does n't mean that there 's plenty of people in spain that do not like us . 
  yup, 
  and yet he only has 14 % of intention of vote . 
  people do n't know him * yet * . 
  just watch that opinion drop once they do and know he 's catalan . 
  ( from the major countries in eu , spain is the only one that does n't ) . 
  anyway , and do you think that spain would gain much from not recognising us ? 
  if that point truly comes , they 've got no chance to win us back and the only thing that would happen is both parties to lose ( in fact , much more on spain 's part ) . 
  i mean , it would n't be terrible , there are plenty of succesful countries in europe that are n't part of the eu , but i would very much preffer to be inside it . 
  yeah , but that is n't also an official decree , 
  thank you !, 
  yes , but in order for that to happen all member states need to have their internal affairs cleared out . 
  we 'll be much happier contribuiting to the eu project as a direct member and * not * under spain, 
   as i said , montenegro . 
  and remember , spain went to war to help them out , still it did n't sit well that they would become independent from serbia . 
  and as i said before , * spain is the exception in europe * . 
  besides , you know perfectly well that the balkan countries ( wartorn and all ) are not comparable to catalonia, 
   ffs , every time a eu high-level position has been asked they said they they would need to reapply that is not an official statement , but an opinion and besides most of these people are n't in charge anymore due to the recent elections . 
   3 days ago eu refused accepting a diplomat sent by the generalitat , and said all talks need to be done through the parent country . 
  thanks , spanish diplomacy !, 
  remember , we 've got foreign officies too , and they are working to solve that issue, 
   on one hand i am pro unified europe we 're and have always been pro-eu . 
  we 'll be happier within our country but also inside the eu , and being a net countributor since the beggining is a pretty good offer i think, 
   yes they totally can and they , in fact , do it constantly . 
  an example of an european country recently declared please ? 
  the baltics , central european countries and such come to mind , all recognised  the only way they would change their opinion maybe is if there was some kind of agreement with the central goverment not that we have n't tried , we 've reached this point because * they have n't *  that spain does n't , since , you know , they have an army and we do n't . 
  they will never use it , they would loose the little legitimacy over catalonia that they have left  also your newly issued catalonian passport is usseless in a country that does n't recognice your 's , not the biggest of problem for everyday people who does n't get out of their villages , but problematic in the end . 
  solved within months when major eu countries turn their back and see that independence has been reached and is unnegotiable at this point and understand that it would be a loss for their economic interests * not * to recognise us . 
  remember , money goes before everything now , and if that money is backed by a democratic majority , even better justification, 
   if your plan revolves around hoping that eu makes a 180\u00ba turn and that somehow convinces spain to do the same , you have to admit that your plan is pretty bad . 
  what 180\u00ba turn ? 
  they have n't even said that they will kick us out in the first place !, 
  in fact , they have n't said crap * in an official decree * apart from the usual `` internal affair '' thing . 
   stop being delusional , catalonia needs to reach an agreement with the central government if they want to get independence . 
  we 've reached this point because there is no possible dialogue with madrid at this point . 
  we 've tried everything , even fiscal pacts and not independence, 
  problem being of course they sadly never will . 
  we 've been trying to negotiate even fiscal pacts with them , and never even recieved a counter-offer, 
  yup , it 's plain old `` insult the * catalufos * = more votes '', 
  as you can see in this thread , not many spaniards would like it, 
  or spain will cede seeing that hatred does not breed profit and accept us into eu ( in the case btw that we 're kicked out , not yet confirmed by * an official decree of the eu * ), 
  so you do n't really have a point then . 
  spain forced it , they did n't want to negotiate !, 
  and anyway , it 's either this or keep on in spain , wich is pretty much out of the question now . 
  but yeah , obviously other countries will follow , they 'll need to position themselves once we declare ourselves independent and i very much doubt they will oppose a clear democratic mandate of the people . 
  never seen that happen before * with the exception of spain in the balkans *, 
  hmmm that one is made by tecnically an independent source but anyway , 14,8 % is not by any means enough for victory , they 've got 3 parties well ahead of them, 
  they have n't said it , but probably 50 % +1, 
  no , podemos/podem ( the spanish syriza ) is against independence and very much so seen with very bad eyes in catalonia . 
  that wo n't happen and the case is n't comparable, 
  a solid 9 % you ment to say did n't you ? 
  they are a good `` fuerza bisagra '' ( mediator party so to speak ) but they 'll never win there or anywhere for that matter, 
  so anyway , your point being ? 
  realpolitik is a thing ? 
  yeah , then in that case blind spanish rage wo n't even affect this `` event '',
