  they could , but it would be political suicide . 
  besides , it has been confirmed that they do n't have the numbers to even keep catalonia under military control, 
   you are unwillingly confirming what i said . 
  catalanopobia is almost non-existant , much less that you would believe . 
  is it now ? 
  [ foreing folks , ready your google translator , this will be a blast !, 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/heroisindepes/media ), 
  [ really ? 
  well , i do n't think they even got a chance to win ] ( http://ep01.epimg.net/politica/imagenes/2015/02/04/actualidad/1423040956_503954_1423050310_noticia_normal.jpg ), 
  but they will , spain depends too much on catalonia not setting up internal borders between them and the rest ( and btw , that 's why eu came to exist in the first place ) . 
  and other eu countries ( baltics for now ) have already stated that they will recognise an independent catalonia , with the rest following them once seccession has won a clear majority on the plebiscit ( after all , it 'll be a democratic mandate of the will of the people ), 
  so anyway , if spain tries to play hard with us , thet can forget about paying our proportional part of their debt . 
  we know that game too . 
  and besides , that 's why we 've delayed our referendums and so one , we 're setting up what we here call `` state structures '' , mainly to get access to much of the points you cited ( our fiscal agency is already working and can collect taxed but for now redirects them to madrid ) . 
  we 're not idiots , we 're setting up our state , and that 's why we wo n't declare ourselves independent the moment after we happen to win the 27s plebiscit : 18 months after that all negotiations will be done ( and we 've been working on this state thing for quite a while now ), 
  so what , we do n't care about the spanish constitution , we 're forming a new state . 
  do you live under a rock ? 
  it 's not the first time that we 've said this, 
  what you 're saying is even more naive . 
  do you think the eu wants borders between trading partners ? 
  have you forgot why it came to exist in the first place ? 
   spain can veto any attempt by us to get in the eu as would any country with secesionist movements going on . 
  just look at montenegro . 
  the cases are not comparable and remember : montenegro to spain is insignificant and they do n't want to recognise them as they have n't done with any other recently declared country to demonstrate that they wo n't do it also to us . 
  that wo n't work . 
  they are heavily tied to us ( though they depend more on us that we do on them ) , and not only that , the last thing they want is a border with their link to europe and so think the rest of spain trading countries . 
  besides , if the elections say that the will of the catalans is to become independent , no democratic country on europe ca n't deny it and even less thoose who have been recently formed the same way, 
  beware , spanish trolls have heavily downvoted everyone that disagrees with them ... to nobody 's surprise, 
  yup , there is n't that much we can do there, 
   catalonia ca n't and wo n't declare independence without madrid 's approval and they are nowhere near getting that . 
  we 'll see about that, 
   maybe even civil unrest , if spain tries to crack down would n't be the first time , but they would n't dare : this would certainly create enough animosity to force an unilateral declaration they want it or not in madrid . 
  and since they do n't want to negotiate ( the scottish way has always been our hope ) , we 'll have to force it through . 
  a few countries in europe have already given us their support and recognition if we become independent ( namely the baltics ) . 
  once we are , all the others will follow . 
  they ca n't deny the will of the majority of the catalans in the case of victory, 
  yet he will never win . 
  such is the curse of the catalan politicans . 
  see what happened in andalusia ( he only got 9,24 % of the votes ) or catalonia , his own land , where he only has 7,85 % ? 
   on the contrary , a catalan spanish prime minister would cancel lot of the pro-indepence propaganda which is mostly of sentimental nature . 
  you know that spaniards * will never * let a catalan be pm do n't you ? 
  catalanophobic propaganda is something too good to pass up , wonder why carme chac\u00f3n never had a chance to even go to the elections ? 
  agreement ? 
  like with rajoy ? 
  the guy that has been evading mas ever since the fiscal pact thing about almost four years ago ? 
  if we 've come to this is * beacause * we know that there will be no agreement , we have always wanted the scottish way , turns out pp never did, 
  yes , and a month ago we had a majority . 
  so what ? 
  do you think that a single poll can tell you the opinion of a country ? 
  that 's why we 'll vote on september . 
  there are more independentist parties . 
  mainly cup, 
  also with temps rising over 35\u00ba and high humidity on the hottest days  could he handle it ? 
  though if you go to the mountains or any place over 1000m ( common here ) [ you 've got the winther thing covered ] ( http://www.nonstop.es/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/pica-destats3.jpg ), 
  holy shit , the `` international port '' in the `` war zone '' is just about some kilometers from my house !, 
  who will save me if not them ? 
  * thank you , rheinmetall defence and their incospicous high energy laser !, 
  great launch and coverage , as always !, 
  yup , same here , and we do it alternating cheeks : while you 're doing it on one , the other does it on the other and then switch . 
  btw , here is just for greeting women and relatives , men that are not relatives salute with a handshake, 
  it 's not personal info , it 's the phone that the company provided * for * relatives of the people in the flight, 
  oh , but you 've got to integrate , [ like this guy ] ( http://spf.fotolog.com/photo/63/27/33/tatinau/1189710454_f.jpg ) ... 
  it was a somewhat hiptser-y attempt at traditional folklore which is something we excel at, 
  indeed , it 's subjective , but it 's a strong deep feeling to know things such as these happen as close home as possible, 
  taking off at my city , in the airport that i always use ... goddamm, 
  fuck , it departed from barcelona ... 
  yet they die anyway ... how convenient is n't it that we do n't have to spend money on fortications ? 
  huh , i guess if you view it that way ... though i ca n't imagine donostiarras being happy with that :p, 
  so where 's my `` addtional expenses '' cut ? 
  i want some of that !, 
  also , it 's been ages since i saw my official car ... * where did marco go now ? 
  how bad that many people do n't view it that way or we probably would n't have to leave . 
  ^ ( btw donosti 's tapeo is superior , do n't hit me pls ), 
  basques ... throwing rocks , chopping cars ... you 're the best !, 
  i need more of this in my life ... and i did n't knew how badly, 
  thank you !, 
  i hope i can travel to latvia someday aswell and check it out !, 
  glad you felt at home here !, 
  yup , the only thing we could save from the spanish selling off our northern lands . 
  edit : and btw , these downvotes are just pure spanish nationalism , because it is a thing that happened and a fact . 
  ultramort -  ultradeath matadepera -  killofpear gratallops -  scratchwolves, 
  * c'est * sehr * impossible * home !, 
  * tse tse , catalan cream ( brule\u00e9 up north ) is ours . 
  once this is said there 's no point in discussing sweets when we have the best dessert in existence in posession !, 
  * catalan and french cuisines united !, 
  although , we 'll probably start arguing about frivolities such as catalan cream/crem \u00e9 brule\u00e9 and cheeses and wines !, 
  * cousin ? 
  that 's how you treat your family ? 
  we 're both two languages originated in the galia , though were one is 'd ` oil ' the other is 'd ` oc ' , north and south . 
  to precise a bit my point , we should be invited to family lunch more often than the more distant castilians , that 's for sure !, 
  me neither, 
  * here come the french , generalizing !, 
  `` pinya '' and with much pride *, 
  you clearly do n't have experiencie in the catalan political system then . 
  they know that centralism is considered conservative and they have used it in all of their campaigns . 
  they 're embrace it even , most of their voters are ex-pp 's and that 's a well known fact . 
  they do n't go as far as call themselves right wing because people would n't like it , and as i said they stay as ambiguous as possible and btw i did n't say they were francoists neither i 'm a ` extreme nationalist ' ... 
  spin it even more ? 
  yet they have n't done any of those things , pacted many times with pp and as i sayed , stayed as ambiguous as possible . 
  and yes , due to franco 's ` legacy ' , centralism is conservative,
