  hahahaahaahaha and people did n't downvote me until then . 
  it seems like there might be some taboos around here , i wonder why :p, 
  i mean , we do n't hate spaniards at all , we 'd probably have double-citizenships, 
  oh yeah sure of course , beacause the pujol era was n't more right-winged , and this does , despite half the coalition being leftist and being dependant on a extreme-left party . 
   c'mon , try a different thing . 
  history repeats itself in spain : the left is ever-divided ( if you count psoe as left ... which i guess we kinda should ) and the right amasses the power, 
  oh yes obviously , that 's party the reason why i 'm an independentist : these past double elections have shown that it will take forever to actually change spain even just a little , and * statu quo * is much stronger than many people thought it would be . 
  so it 's way easier to get a majority in catalonia and break away . 
  only taking this into account it 's already worth it . 
  actually , psoe was the main force until really recently ( basically since aznar ), 
  it 's the bounceback from the francoist years , the baby boomers from the 60 ' basically wanted revolution and in a social level it definetely happened, 
  obviously we 're in this togheter , caixa catalunya was ... quite something . 
  though here in catalonia we at least have some decent ones , like caixa d'enginyers, 
  the post - and pre - situations were both terribly managed anyway , and it 's not like we 're in [ happytown ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36669886 ) today . 
  i dunno , i just would n't place the `` eu bank regulator '' where that entity has had one of its biggest failures , it kinda gives them a bad image . 
   you talk like we are n't being tutored by the eu itself in regards of our economic memorandum because of the banking bailout ... yep , great idea to bring the bank regulator to a country that had to bail out the banks and has to be tutored ( which by the way , was the point of my original comment , but hey ) !, 
  oh , the irony, 
  that miiight backfire on them :p, 
  and the entire eu will get to enjoy the fantastic and total mismanagment that is the spanish banking philosophy !, 
  alright , and now imagine our situation . 
  scotland 's woes are our collateral damage ( sorry scotland , btw ! ), 
  oh god , well , we 're doomed, 
   thanks so much for the insight . 
  i was in gracia some weeks ago , day 3 of the protests i think ? 
  anna gabriel was there talking to some people , the protestors chanted something like `` the streets will always be ours '' and attacked bypassing residents in their cars . 
  really disgraceful for people who deem themselves progressive . 
  yeah well , the cup is very much far-left , much more so than podemos is . 
  they * need * the support of these people , and you could argue that they pretty much are the same type of people in certain sectors ( the cup is an amalgation of social movements and some of them are very much alike gr\u00e0cia 's protestors , anna gabriel is part of one of these , whereas david fern\u00e0ndez was part of poble lliure , which has a more pragmatic approach )  i also heard about a draft of a catalan constitution that was presented to the parliament . 
  so does the government actually make progress working towards the indipendence ? 
  that was just a bit silly overall . 
  when we 're independent ( if we ever are ) we 'll talk about constitutions , but for now it 's a bit of a waste of time . 
  and i guess the goverment is making progress , building `` estructures d'estat '' , but given the policial situation who knows what 's going on there . 
   my last question ( sorry for bothering ) : how do you like puigdemont and how does he compare to mas ? 
  well so i actually voted cup even though i do n't agree with much of their policies so that they forced jxs\u00ed to get rid of mas , which they actually did , so that 'd tell you a bit . 
  i do not like converg\u00e8ncia in the least , just 4 years ago they were n't even independentists , and it seems that they just `` converted '' in order to make their party survive ( just look at what happened to uni\u00f3 ) , but they 've been having a hard time . 
  mas ... well , he had charisma , but that was it . 
  he negotiated with pp , he 's a neoliberal and he just relies on old people 's opinion to coast through elections , using rethoric that sometimes is close to populism , whereas puigdemont is a more down-to-earth guy who has always been independentist . 
  he has n't done much yet , but as i said , given the political instability who can blame him . 
  ( and you 're not bothering me !, 
  do n't worry ! ), 
   what has been la cup 's stance on the protests in gracia some weeks ago ? 
  they tacitly support them , since on one hand do n't gain much from supporting the violent protesters but on the other the okupas and social movements such as this are the entire basis of their party . 
  it has been a very delicate situation . 
  they denounced police brutality against the protesters trying to frame ada colau ( who 's part of an also grassroots party such as podemos ) as just another regular politician who uses police to do her bidding . 
  even then , most of the people in barcelona resent the gr\u00e0cia protestors beacause they do n't want violent riots such as those in their streets . 
   what 's actually happening with the new catalan government ? 
  well ... it 's a gridlock : recently they tried to pass the budget but they needed the support of the far-left cup , and this party denounced that the budget was made accounting for taxes to be sent to madrid and the likes , and they argued that `` if we want to be independent we must act like it '' and denied their support , which put the goverment in a very unstable position , since they do n't hold a majority by themselves . 
  it 's worth noting though , that cup voted among themselves if they should aprove the budget , and it came really really close , too close in fact , since steeming from that decision there has been internal turmoil in the party aswell , and pretty much nobody knows what will happen . 
  people are very pissed that , while in catalonia we voted in mass for independentist or pro-referendum parties ( like podemos , the only major spanish party to be in favour of it ) , the rest of spain ( with some exceptions like the basques ) voted for pp and psoe , especially since the results are pretty much the same as the last elections we did a few months ago ( the parties could not form a goverment ) , meaning that the rest of spain will hardly ever be in favour of granting a referendum/reforming the goverment -  as in , there will be 0 consquences , as usual . 
  and people wonder why we want to break away from spain . 
  in fact , charades like this ( this is n't the first time something like this happens ) are probably what drives in part the whole movement . 
  those polls are not updated though !, 
  last poll seems to sway around [ 48 to 52 in favour depending on how you calculate it due to how the question was asked , an another poll in february gave 57 % in favour of independence ] ( http://www.elnacional.cat/ca/politica/enquesta-vanguardia-independencia_104978_102.html ), 
  basically there has been a lot of turmoil following the 27th of september elections , in which independentists got a majority of seats but not votes , creating a weird coalition between right-left and extreme left wing parties which makes ruling a country hard . 
  so , seeing that our politicians are kinda inept made people kinda angry at them . 
  however those polls are ... wrong , or at least not updated : [ this one from february this year says that there 's 57,2 % in favour of independence ] ( http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20160205/301928606414/ceo-catalanes-a-favor-independencia-57-2.html ) , and an even more recent poll ( from june ) gave around a 52,4 % in favour . 
  last poll ( last week or around that ) said around 48,4 % yes , 7 % undecided 8 % would not answer . 
  yep , there has just been a huge leak of phone calls between the minister of interior and the head of the anti-fraud agency in catalonia . 
  in those calls , they were trying to spin whatever they could find about catalan politicians into a corruption case , `` leaking that information '' to the press ( which ended up happening with fake corruption cases about the then mayor barcelona ) . 
  they tried to get rid of our then president , artur mas and to highjack his party ( the majoritary party at the time ) , installing a puppet favourable to madrid to stop independentism . 
  among other things , they literally saying `` les hemos destrozado el sistema sanitario '' , which means `` we have destroyed their sanitary system '' . 
  neither of the two idiots will ever resign , they said so with not even a drop of shame . 
  also , speaking about democracy , spain denies us the right of self-determination , basically not allowing us to organize a proper referendum . 
  this mentality goes back to the fascist era , where spain was `` unbreakable '' and , nowadays , independentists are accused of `` trying to break spain '' by mainstream spanish politicians , as they would 've been accused 60 years ago . 
  right of self-determination ? 
  never heard about it, 
  thank you !, 
  and really , it 's strange : here in catalonia most of us live with the contradiction of wanting to be `` people of the world '' and yet being catalan nationalists . 
  our nationalism though , is different in the sense that is a means to an end , used to guarantee our rights and create a better new state . 
  obviously once we achieve that there 's not much of a point in being nationalist, 
  sadly no , and especially in spain . 
  ironically , as much as he likes to use the franco card , it was him that hammered this idea of an undivisible spain the most , and this train of thought is still very much part of most spanish parties ideologies and the majoritary idea in the rest of the state . 
  i 'm sorry you 've had to endure this idiot , he 's a troll that follows me around in / r/europe , and sometimes when i 'm bored i make the mistake of replying to him . 
  there 's a surprising amount of these guys around here , they just ca n't seem to understand that no , we do n't want to be spanish and they ca n't force us to be . 
   brittany certainly does.corsica has a nationalist government that wants independence and pushes for it , more strongly than the pnv . 
  mate , you 've got a britton in reddit here saying that they do n't even care about independence . 
  as we say here , `` d'on no n'hi ha no raja '' , it 's grasping for straws . 
  and if corsica wants independence what 's the problem ? 
  let them , they 've got the right to do so . 
   the rosellon nationalism depends on what happens south of the pyrenees , but the nationalism it 's there , the euroscepticism too . 
  the populations are n't that small , france it 's quite populated . 
  the rossell\u00f3 * is * quite small , compared to the rest of france , which is n't the case with catalonia . 
   it 's funny how much you would like that for every country in europe , or at least for spain and catalonia catalan is the official language of catalonia , so at least we 've got that going for us . 
  obviously preserving the patrimony , culture and language is paramount in europe , since it 's what makes her unique and worth admiring . 
   so if you do n't like the data you just pretend it does n't exist . 
  it 's not that i like it or not , it 's that it was irrelevant to the discussion . 
  which by the way , i was n't even having with you , but hey . 
   yeah , what could be bad about an eurosceptic nationalist movement that wants to promote trade wars , that would never go wrong in europe . 
  the fuck . 
  it 's not about them , it 's about the will of the people . 
  guess what , the uk will exit the eu . 
  yes , we do n't like it and yes , they were probably misled , but still if we value democracy they at least got the chance to decide and that is what is important . 
   41 years.and they were a fully democratic nation . 
  oh sorry , i missed by 9 years , that totally makes my point moot then . 
   no , the point of the discussion is that you said spain should be dismantled yes , if there 's enough population in favour of it in the concerning regions . 
  again , how is that related to :  a sweden that to get rid of it 's minorities as samis and roma used compulsory sterilization until they got an homogeneous nation and where ethnic hate is on the rise . 
  you ca n't say an apple is an orange and be right , even if you do it a 1000 times . 
   the point is simple , that 's how they created an ethnic homogeneous nation in the xxth.neither catalonia nor spain are homogeneous , even if some of you who admire franco 's methods would like it that way . 
  hahahaahahahahaahahaahahahaahah alright , i 'm done with you , you 're such a joke . 
   corsica and brittany.if they had even a bit as much autonommy as the communities have in spain they would have even bigger movements.and the rosellon is strongly nationalist .
