  in this issue for sure . 
  the uk is actually a very healthy example of democracy , despite its faults . 
  quebec , scotland , ireland ( armed conflict , not just an `` act '' , do n't kid youself ) , even southern sudan . 
  iceland too . 
  i do n't really have the time for these big write ups you do , just know that the more words you give it does n't make it more right . 
   are they undemocratic or democratic countries ? 
  less democratic than the uk , for sure . 
   yes they did , but afaik that 's a completely different situation , an union of two kingdoms . 
  nope . 
  the right of self-determination is the same . 
   you 've been seen by so many to get angry about not seeing any genetic evidence of difference between your people and the rest of the country . . false , but either way , let 's do the bingo :  brings up 1 year old out of context random comment downvoted to hell and back  calls me a shill  uses logical fallacies  insults have a nice day , you just earned a block . 
  you may check why referenda are so often used there and why they work that way . 
  oh really ? 
  so i guess allowing people to speak their mind is , too , anti-constitutional beacause ... ? 
  oh i know , but francoist is such an endemic term it would just lose meaning . 
  should 've said authoritarian , but it 's less direct . 
  he was a dictator either way , and ruled with an iron fist ( executions happened until the very end ) . 
  eu-federalists i meant . 
   the fact that political corruption in catalonia is the same as in the rest of spain it is n't , * percieved * political corruption is . 
  corruption cases in catalonia are blown out of proportion to make it so , and if they can they just invent them ( happened twice already , targetting the mayor of barcelona and mas himself , for example ) . 
  the fact that he was `` above the law '' for allowing citizens to vote just tells you how much spaniards value democracy . 
  not in france , maybe in germany but its doubtful . 
  neither of those states has had a real seccession issue ( or at least , as big as catalonia ) so it 's really just pure speculation . 
  [ sweeden on the other hand did , for example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_union_dissolution_referendum,_1905 ) . 
  i mean , you just admitted what i said before . 
  now it 's `` garbage '' . 
  anyway , i guess you all just do n't like to defend this issue that much ( or should n't , beacause , you know , it 's kinda fascist . 
  but they , keep on insulting ) . 
  spain was a fascist state for much of the xxth century and it just got out of that by allowing much of its machinery to continue ( basically , a `` transition '' to `` democracy '' ) . 
  much of the mentality , beacause of the fact that it was never really condemned , remains ( there 's still even streets named after francoist volunteers who fought for hitler in major cities , for fucks sake ) . 
  you ca n't question ( and by that i mean seriously question , not just the `` cutesy folk dress dance they do '' or the `` weird dialect they have over there '' ) the nation-state of spain , or express any sort of difference from norm . 
  just look at what 's happening here . 
  here in catalonia we 're federalists . 
  you 're working to change that . 
  just so you know . 
  oh , flair bashing , moving on , nothing to see here . 
  not in the uk it would n't . 
  or switzerland . 
  or sweeden . 
  to name just a few . 
  many use fake flairs , or are immigrants living in spain from other countries ( which are , surprisingly , often anti-catalonia ) . 
  but yeah , many others have n't noticed that we 're even pro-eu federation and just bash us beacause they fear that we would de-stabilize the eu . 
  they want status quo , whereas in scotland they just see a net gain . 
  it 's just all a big ol' pile of cynicism . 
  oh , but you see , the spanish troll brigade is strong . 
  they do n't really care about the scots , they might even like them beacause they 're fucking with the brits , who they never liked anyway ( but wo n't tell you ) . 
  follow the upvotes , check the flairs . 
  there you have it folks , democracy at its finest . 
  thanks !, 
  i hope that we do n't have to organize an unilateral referendum , whatever happens . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  the [ sanfermines , of course !, 
  nope , it 's in bunyol , val\u00e8ncia . 
  it 's the [ tomatina ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_tomatina ), 
  you did n't read the comment chain , of course . 
  i did n't even know atlanta was in georgia . 
  i know both , but i did n't put them together , so for me that is n't even an argument :p !, 
  true , but we need to be able to show these results to the world . 
  a 60 % abstention is too big a margin for something like this , it would signify that the goverment does n't have popular support beacause people do n't care for the mandate ( which actually is n't true , it 's just that the `` no '' camp did n't vote ) . 
  this is the current mindset here too , but thing is , `` no '' camp can easily boycott and just leave us with 30-40 % participation and skewed results . 
  well , the thing is , those elections were a kind of `` referendum '' by themselves , in the sense that a major party allied itself with the second biggest and togheter they formed a coalition that promoted itself as a `` yes '' ballot as a referendum of sorts ( a plebiscitary election ) and the rest of the parties too more or less aligned in terms of a yes/no vote * except for one * , which put us in this situation . 
  the situation was weird , beacause since we won a mandate for independence we could push for it , but we did n't win an absolute majority of votes for independence , since the plebiscite was not perfect and one of the parties declared itself `` neutral '' ( meaning that 47,5 % vs 39 % of votes registered for the plebiscite , neither gaining absolute majority ) . 
  this is the cause of the stalling , and meanwhile we 've at least built a consensus and state-level structures such as legislation and a fiscal department among others so that the transition is as smooth as possible . 
  we 're better prepared now . 
  it 's planned for september , but we 'll probably do it months before that, 
  i mean , of what relevance the state of georgia is outside the us ? 
  beacause we might decide here in catalonia to do the same and they ai n't havin ' none of that . 
  tough shit though . 
   catalonia is sometimes called the most autonomous region in the europe that 's not independent . 
  i wish , but not true . 
  navarra and the basque country have way more autonomy than us , and neither of those have more autonomy than a german lander . 
  a minor reason in favour of independence given the major ones , but a reason nonetheless, 
  or lapao hahahaahaha, 
  catalan is the biggest non-official language in europe ( 11m , bigger than most official languages ) . 
  we 've demanded for it to be recognised , and while the eu would agree ( as an exception , i suppose ) , spain does not . 
  welcome to the party of non-official languages !, 
  true in spain too . 
  i was quite confused when i first saw the stereotype swtiched in english, 
  oh alright . 
  what the hell is that flair ? 
  100 % also , i have about 0 clue . 
  we can never have too much embotit though . 
  i 'm a bit lost . 
  that is n't [ fuet ? 
  ] ( http://www.esdemercado.com/images/thumbs/0002515_300.jpeg ) , a catalan ( so just south of the pyrenees ) type of `` embotit '' ? 
  or maybe it 's [ llonganissa ? 
  ] ( http://www.gastroteca.cat/content/imgsxml/galerias/agenda/286/llonganissaextra_garrotxa_4.jpg ) tbh we dominate in these kinds of foods , so you 've got no chance :p, 
  yeah this is true , yet you wo n't see a village of over a 100k people . 
  in that sense , a town is always bigger than a village , both in spanish and english ( pueblo  aldea ) , that 's where i get the translation from , since i do n't think there 's another equivalent . 
  but is n't a small town a village ? 
  not really . 
  i 'd say town translates best to pueblo and village is an aldea . 
  perdona ? 
  nicolau is obviously a catalan name . 
  of course , he was named nicolau teresens . 
  the village in barcelona is literally a new district of the city , which opened and cleaned the coastline , creating most beaches . 
  our stadium was re-used from one that dates from our international expo in 1929 ( talk about repurposing ) , we develop most of our modern infrastructure that is used to capacity today and the publicity the event created firmly put us as at least top 3 worldwide tourist centers . 
  barcelona is what it is today thanks to the 92 olympics . 
  imho it was the best return on investment in the entire history of the event . 
  professional languages maps do not make this cutoff for a reason ( except you know `` map of official languages of bla bla '' ) .
