  i feels ya company !, 
  but soon , la barretina will make its appearance !, 
  we put an `` i '' when going trough 21 to 29 . 
  just in those numbers . 
  for no reason , as in : vint-i-u , vint-i-dos , vint-i-tres , etc. 
  also the d-u-c ( the duke , as in duc in catalan ) law : desenes - tenths - , unitats - units - , centenars - hundreds - . 
  we use it to teach kiddos when to use a hyphen in numbers : trenta-quatre ( tenth-unit ) or dos-cents ( unit-hundred ), 
  we do n't have to compete in the same way as they do though . 
  what about unmanned missions like venus express or rosetta ? 
  with the help of the polish research centers and universities we could accomplish better things togheter . 
  you know that poland alone will only get * some * satellites in orbit and that 's it, 
  because i strive for a strong esa that can try to compete with bigger agencies ( roscosmos and nasa ) in a near future , and this wo n't be possible when instead of integrating members into it they create other agencies . 
  the resources that poland is investing in creating an agency of it 's own should be reduced if they adhered to esa and worked with them - sharing tech and such at a lower cost for both - , wich would result in a better eficiency and improved achievements, 
  not centrally , but just create an agency under esa , which is what i 'm defending here, 
  i know what you are trying to do ... but this would never work, 
  oh alright , like a department ? 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  nonetheless , people here were suggesting outright isolation from esa , and i was saying that that should n't be done, 
  it makes sense when you have a good-working and stable agency , which is basically what esa is . 
  now what that agency needs is more funding and members . 
  poland wo n't get anything more than a few satellites out of this and it makes much more sense to just do it via esa . 
  this does n't justify a poland-only space agency , esa can create a department and coordinate resources better due to better acces to money and tech . 
  also , i 'm not an expert on this , but should then poland be able to use the launch center of guayana to be more financially efficient ? 
  no , it 's ok , but i 'd really like to see this done through the esa . 
  you see , coordinating in a national level does n't seem that great when you compare it to an european-based level . 
  greater things could be accomplished and honestly , i wish esa got more publicity, 
  i 'm sorry , but do these national space agencies hope to ever acomplish something apart from launching satelites ? 
  i hoped esa would get stronger , not more diversified, 
  we tend to be `` extrovert '' ... like , we 're pretty much attention whores through demonstrations and/or other bizarre collective events * just * to be covered in foreign media . 
  it is required , though, 
  nah , i 'd say that they were much more dependent on thiago silva and neymar was only there for the moral effect . 
  yes , he 's a great player , but he pretty much plays alone, 
  aswell as catalan , though as the title says `` not translatable into english '', 
  referendum ? 
  * in spain ? 
  indeed, 
  ^ but ^ what ^ if ^ he ^ does ? ... 
  but you can use the airport ! ... 
  ^ situated ^ in ^ lleida ^ ^ outside ^ ^ and ^ ^ away ^ ^ from ^ ^ andorra ... 
  do you ? 
  needs to happen, 
   i 'm looking at you , netherlands !, 
  what netherlands ? 
  i love the netherlands team ^ and ^ chile ! ... 
  ^ who ^ would n't, 
  and the capital would of course be andorra la vella , because brussels is to mainstream, 
  says the guy called / u/onlyreplytoidiots, 
  that 's not how falacies work , you know ? 
  ... keep redditing my friend , you 'll get very far this way, 
   tell that to ciu , before cutting into educaci i did n't vote ciu  i remember you stating there 's no eu-law regarding a break-away region , and therefore an exit is n't guaranteed however , an exit is n't 100 % guaranteed indeed . 
  there are many variables in this case and if catalonia was kicked out ( the most possible scenario ) the eu would also lose , so i do n't really think they 'll want that . 
  i think that when they see that they ca n't do anything to stop us from breaking away from spain they 'll try to negotiate some `` special '' treaty that integrates us instantly, 
  we ` reeee pretty crowded yes , but they do n't come all at the same time !, 
  i do n't think hotels and appartments could even support that amount of people, 
  hmmmm i doubt it . 
  what would happen if one side does and the other does n't ( those populists parties in europe do n't appear out of nowhere ) . 
  also implying that we are n't honest already , seccessionsts acknowledge that we 'll go out of the eu probably , they are n't idiots . 
  what you said is correct , but i remember that i said that there was no law in the eu about break away states and that 's where the discussion started, 
  because both of those links do n't take that into account whatsoever and are entirely demagogical, 
  does n't look like you do, 
  do you understand the concept of * per capita * ? 
   you look for sources outside your country you do n't have the luxury of doing that when the problem is n't tackled there , sadly ( at least in-depth )  pro-independence parties have absolutely no agenda , nor bias , well no , of course they do , but they are the ones who understand the problem because they are * facing * it themselves and working it to solve it . 
   give me a link to an official document that ensures the no-exit of break-away regions like catalonia , scotland you know , asking for a document that states the non-existence of a law does n't make much sense . 
  that 's the point , there is no law for break away nations . 
   it does n't matter if pro-independence parties in catalonia are pro-eu , it 's the eu that will decide whether they accept catalonia or not ( they will , do n't worry , just not right of the bat ) . 
  yes , you 're right there , but not because of european law , we 'll be out of the eu probably due to interpretations of internation law , and that 's a whole new level of crap . 
  anyhow , that would n't hurt the catalan economy * that much * ( it would , obviously , we live in an economy based in stability ) but we would pull ourselves up with thanks to being able to direct our economic policies and have all of our funds available ( which are both arguments in favor of independence )  it 's propaganda , lies , and manipulation , on both parts . 
  i would n't go as far as saying that ( at least in many of the independentist parties statements ) , due to the fact that they are defending the secession and need to back their claims ( imagine what would pp and such parties do if they did n't ) so they are * in general * more reliable, 
  well , now we are in international law territory , and those are always * interpretations * but yes , you would n't be wrong saying that . 
  in any case though , we would n't lose that much if we were out for a short period of time ( we 're not suicidal after all ), 
  [ of course , but do you ? 
   [ google , you know that search-engine ? 
  i 'll provide the links , because i 'm sure otherwise you wo n't look for them . 
  ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=official+document+definition ) you might need that link , you seem to confuse opinions vs statemens from * institutions * , not people ( yes , i had fun doing that , the internet is full of crap )  but the biased leaders of the eu , you should n't trust . 
  for one thing , they are biased , but that 's besides the point . 
  why do i give you a catalan source that speaks * about * a * catalan * issue ? 
  who knows , maybe because it makes sense that issues are tackled where they exist ? 
   and yes , europe is a continent . 
  that 's the point . 
  independence does n't make it africa , nor america . 
  that 's obvious and that 's not what they 're saying , which you implied in your first comment and answered then . 
  erc and almost every single party in catalonia are all pro-eu , and so are the catalans . 
  they are pushing for an independent catalonia inside the eu , but for that to happen we need to be independent first , do n't we ? 
  that 's the main problem now . 
   only after aplying . 
  but you know , the eu has n't stated that we 're leaving in the first place . 
  they 'll only say so when we vote, 
  i did n't say that , i rebated your argument that stated :  i would argue that the region that opposed franco the most during the war was madrid and not catalonia and nothing else . 
  you might be reading too much into this, 
  not every single one , but anyway , europe ( as an institution ) has stated that this is an internal affair and only will talk about it when it is resolved i.e. 
  when we vote, 
  [ you are mistaking opinions with statements ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/eu-elections-2014/catalonian-independence-creates-eu-election-issue-301921 ) these are opinions . 
  also , has been an official document released about this ? 
  i do n't remember seeing it , could you reply me with it ? 
  if you want sources , [ here the problem is more or less stated ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2013/09/23/the-european-union-should-step-into-the-debate-over-catalan-independence/ ) by the way , erc means the eu ... europe is a continent , if you read their agenda you 'll see that, 
   and dropping all european laws and agreements yeah , the problem is there . 
  * they just have realised that there is no law about that issue *, 
   catalonia always had preference , and thats a fact . 
  well , of course we do have preference . 
  but why ?
