  maybe that 's why they still have n't apologised or even nullified company 's `` trial '' . 
  do they maybe need more facts ? 
  maybe * who kidnapped companys in his exile in france and brought him to franco to be murdered ? 
  * the fucking gestapo did it !, 
  but does that mean that europe is n't * one , great and free ? 
  * anyway , do n't be afraid , paco had a ton of catchfrases :p, 
  not even adressing the point of the conversation . 
  have a nice day !, 
  we 're talking about comments are n't we ? 
  at least i was . 
  and so what , i made a comment a few weeks ago . 
  are you going to arrest me or something ? 
  the original point was that there were * zero comments * about catalonia yet people where ciclejerking about it . 
   but when it comes to critize spain for what happened 500 years ago some of you really do seem very , very spanish do we ? 
  i did n't know that critizing the celebration of the beggining of the biggest genocide in human history that i know of was a spanish trait, 
  again , do n't derrail : give me an example in this thread about catalan independentists making this something about catalonia . 
   not really , look at sugusino 's flair for example . 
  this is as inconsequential as you having the spanish flair with `` federaci\u00f3n ib\u00e9rica '' as the text . 
  in fact , this could be even seen as more offensive ( if someone cared ) beacause it would imply some kind of portuguese takeover . 
  but then again , who cares about text flairs ? 
  i just mentioned beacause you did . 
  and i just saw his flair , now i get why you 're pissed :p, 
  so that 's all the circlejerk needs to kick into motion eh ? 
  great, 
  how is this :  i have always loved celebrating with my family a good invasion of an entire continent !, 
  people tend to forget what 's life these days . 
  related to catalonia ? 
  positively surprised then , though there 's some pretty weird guys in the bottom of this thread ... anywaaay, 
  yeah whatever , have a nice day and all that, 
  i 'm not the one mentioning other people 's usernames without even having the gall to do it properly , so whatever , keep on with your fixations . 
  oh nah it was n't that : it was a map about film locations and they forgot to put girona !, 
  i then jockingly said that they would point out if something was in northern ireland ( in the uk ) but never if something was in catalonia . 
  again , the fixation is strong, 
  ... point me to one of these posts around here in this thread please ? 
  circlejerk is strong, 
  let 's just say [ that the fact that catalans are everywhere ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywjfiko5z8c ) made it very interesting, 
  you 've got quite the fixation eh mate ? 
  :p have you seen me cry around here ? 
  ... have n't seen one yet, 
  oh no , that show was a copycat from the excellent miquel cal\u00e7ada 's ( mikimoto for the friends ) * affers exteriors * . 
  it was crazy popular here , so it was exported to state tv . 
  you can check release dates if you do n't belive me, 
  i 've seen ads on tv3 ( national catalan tv ) that they 're about to start a show about foreigners discovering the country , so it would be interesing . 
  it has the lamest name ever though , `` catalunya experience '' , but hey, 
  no , i meant that , like vaqu\u00e8ira in catalonia , andorra has a ton of rich people areas . 
  they 're the two main destinations for them, 
  depends on where you 're going , like vaqu\u00e8ira . 
  there 's tons of rich guy 's areas there, 
  andorra is rich as fuck , they were ( and kinda still are ) a tax haven and safe place for contraband . 
  plus one of the two favourite places to go skiing for wealthy people, 
   i doubt people even know what an andorran sounds like . 
  they 're like the mountain people of catalonia ( la seu , cerdanya ) , [ but with black money ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7cdrqnrg-q ), 
  * literally * ... more or less, 
  rajoy * is n't * clownish ? 
  the `` un vaso es un vaso y un plato es un plato '' guy ? 
  are you out of your damm mind ? 
  to be fair , zapatero was n't much better too ... 
  it would be racist if you called all spaniards imbecile, 
  i hope my shitty deutsch pays off one day ... 
  so , are you trying to defend him calling all middle-easterns `` imbeciles '' ? 
  and do you consider that half of pakistanis are imbeciles ? 
  he basically called all middle-eastern people literal imbeciles beacause he said that they procreate through incest and then proceded to make remarks as to why the english do n't have strong family values and all southern european are loving family people ( so , basically , some `` races '' are inferior '' ) . 
  i 'm at -8 upvotes beacause i called him a nazi , but at least his comment got deleted . 
  this was his comment :  imbeciles . 
  times like this i start thinking there may be sth to the human biodiversity schpiel , with higher levels of clannishness , cousin marriages , and so on , in the middle east . 
  for the interested reader, 
  that 'd actually be even better than having just one language ... 
  if only, 
   stealing money to promote a political cause is what we call corruption the fuck are you on . 
  if you 're talking about the anc , it 's not funded with public money . 
  if not , i do n't even know ... 
  [ they 're a bunch of crazy fellows ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6064i6f_-5y ), 
  * : every single karaoke that i 've been to, 
  [ oooooh , the `` infernal instument '' song !, 
  it 's famous in catalonia , there 's this programme called `` apm '' which takes weird foreign videos and subs them to make fun of current topics !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_37pm5hn5nc ) they got a kick out of using that song !, 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  oh , so now voting is a crime ? 
  what a fun state, 
  the independentist movement has transcended nationalism , but keep beliving your propaganda . 
  we do n't want to make a `` fascist '' state , but a * better * one , and maybe you 're the nationalist that * does n't understand that there 's better things than spain , specially after they want to fucking prosecute your president for the mere act of voting * . 
  so you yourself arrived at the conclusion that voting is against democracy ? 
  moreso , are you even aware what autarchy means ? 
  anyway , you 're hilarious , keep at it . 
   in that case , i asked you if you would respect the new constitution . 
  if it does n't respect basic human rights ( one of them is self-determination btw ) , then of course i would break it to get them . 
  ever wonder why women vote ? 
  though to be honest , i really doubt we would fuck up and write a worse constitution than the one that we 've got now , elaborated by a junta of ex/notsoex-fascists, 
  what catalonian constitution ? 
  i wish we had one . 
  but of course , when laws are set against the will of the people , there 's only one way to act and that 's called disobedience, 
  but `` muh constitution '' !, 
  justice in spain ( including catalonia ) is just a puppet of the state , does n't matter how many years one has been part of pp ( look at the previous fiscal general del estado ) . 
  the judges are apointed from madrid, 
  800k is half of the population of the city counting everyone : even people with no voting rights ( empadronats , immigrants ) and kids . 
  assuming that 23 % of the people did n't vote ( which is usually a higher percentatge in big cities ) it 's perfectly reasonable . 
  i 'm tired of pointless conspiracies, 
  nope . 
  it 's much easier than that : only voting age people can vote , and not everyobody voted . 
  plus i 'm just counting barcelona , not its ridicolous +5 m people metro area .
