  yes they do , it 's called a `` plebiscit '' . 
   not everyone , heck , not even a majority in catalonia against independence will think of the elections as a referendum . 
  they might not , but the ones who will are the ones who will compabilize the support in favor/against independence by voting . 
   this is the same like you say `` we want independence '' . 
  yes , you do . 
  not all catalans , though . 
  simple as that . 
  that 's why we will vote to decide . 
  simple as that . 
   when the actual referendum arrives then it 'll be different . 
  it will never arrive . 
  for the last time , we 've fucking tried everything and we 're tired of the constant negative of madrid . 
  this is the last resort before pulling international negotiation or an unilateral declaration without votes ( which honestly really i doubt that even we will arrive at that point ), 
  they can critizise us all they want , we 're not the ones imposing sanctions for that ( guess who does ), 
  while i did n't deny his claim that it could be seen impolite , i 'll go on ahead and say that it was n't : we 're booing the state and the king , not the spaniards . 
  this pair have done nothing good for us and yet they expect us to respect them ? 
   i 'm personally indiferent , although i think the whole attitude of bar\u00e7a in all this is very hypocritical . 
  bar\u00e7a did n't want this to happen , at least officially . 
  both teams released statements trying to stop it , and they 're obviously not politically affiliated with anyone , so they can do whatever they want, 
  thank you :d !, 
  he 's a troll , sadly not the first one around here ... 
  [ this spaniard synthesises it pretty well actually ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/37y4hu/the_spanish_anthem_and_the_king_were_massively/crqt1pc ), 
   the basque people want to secede ... half of the stadium were catalans ... :p  instead of trying to block their avenues of protest , maybe the state should address the problems these people have . 
  yup . 
  this situation could 've been really easily avoided by * actually doing something * and listening to our complaints , trying ... 
  i dunno , * dialogue ? 
  * it 's too late now , at least for catalonia . 
  our only request now is a referendum , and it seems that we wo n't even need madrid for that , our autonomical elections in the 27th of september have been pacted so that it acts as one . 
  huh , the first spaniard that i 've seen here which throrougly knows our motives ... 
  thank you !, 
  there 's also the * current * mistreatment of the language and the thing about the estatut , which basically kickstarted the movement, 
  oooh , your fa\u00e7ade is starting to fall !, 
  ( not that it was that solid in the first place ) , quick , go tell independentists about their `` monotema '' !, 
   of course , do your referendum , by all means , i did n't say you should n't do it , i actually disagree with the governments decision to ban it . 
  well then , you understand one of the reasons about why we 're complaining . 
   just know that whatever the results are , it wont matter because you will never become a country . 
  and if you ever decide to become independent on your own , no one in europe will support you because you have no real reason to want independence , simple as that . 
  a bit of explaining please ? 
  what 's up with all this patronizing ? 
  independentism in catalonia is nothing new , it has been going on since the end of the war with cuba in 1898 . 
  * but * , when franco died ( 1975 ) and we began to instaurate a democracy it seemed that things could be better with spain . 
  examples such as the despicable treatment that our `` regional constitution '' ( to give it a name in english ) has recieved ( the epic story of a text with less articles at the end of it than in the first hour of when they began to write it , while ignoring the democratic mandate in a referendum celebrated in 2006 and both the votes of the spanish and catalan parliment , since the ones who cut the most of that text where judges backed by pp , now in power ) which kickstarted this reinvigorated independence movement . 
  we did n't began demanding for independence , in 2012 we just wanted a fiscal pact . 
  even artur mas , our president , who did n't want independence in the beggining has resorted to it since every attempt at dialogue in catalonia is met with a `` no '' from madrid . 
  and i 'm now talking about oficial politics , not about the economy , the culture or the language , which have all been dragged into the ground ( we 're the most indebt comunity yet give away 16000m $ per year , the spanish minister of education wants to fuck over our language in our schools - he himself stated that he wanted to spanish-fy the catalan students - , etc. ) . 
  anyway , but at this current point , just giving us the right to self-determination would be enough ... though it seems that madrid has a certain aversion of the `` vote '' . 
  what ? 
  so expressing discontent with whistles is comparable to a fucking dictatorship ? 
  you 're clearly are blind yourself ... 
  yup , that plus economy !, 
  first step for mantaining the unity of your country : do not have to reach this point . 
  do you think that we just let spain crap all over us and enjoy it ? 
  they very easily could 've avoided this situation . 
  letting us vote in a referendum for example , as easy as that, 
   you are the ones who do n't respect the rest of spain and spanish culture , you want out for the stupidest of reasons . 
  ... aha  madrid gives to the rest of spain , no one here complains about giving our money to the rest because we are united you do n't complain beacause you 're the fucking capital , you 've got extra money ... are you really that naive ? 
  did you really think that they would n't complain if they * really * paid less ? 
  my god ... `` we do n't complain beacause we 're united '' my ass  thats helping your own country and being a part of it , you are just selfish and ungrateful and no one outside of you little group of close minded independants think you deserve independence . 
  we 'll see about that ... 
  it seems like we are the only democrats in this country , but we 'll make our referendum somehow ( currently scheduled for the 27th of september ) and then we 'll decide . 
  respect for a guy whose father was appointed by franco himself ? 
  that is not democratic at all . 
  besides , demanding respect seems rather hypocritical seeing the atitudes of spaniards in these recent years, 
  very democratic . 
  you ca n't force people to like your state, 
  i 'd say it was pretty impresive . 
  tve cut the emission for international viewers when the `` anthem '' was whistled ... censorship much ? 
  we have a historical economic deficit with spain in which we yearly send 16.000 m $ to never see them again in taxes even though we 're the most indebt comunity . 
  our culture and language are n't respected and we 've tried negotiating pacts for more autonomy , but we 're faced only with `` no '' , so we 'll just do it our way, 
  some computer ( and i guess now all the security net ) in the us has * all * of my fingerprints , a foto of me and age , profession and things like that . 
  i guess that 's why the queue laster for so long , they took this from every single person waiting there ... ( this was after a 3 hours and then 12 hours flight ), 
  it 's fascinating ... and a bit morbid as it has been said here , especially the soviet union part ... though i 've a pet peeve with this video and it 's that it omits the +5000 spanish `` rotspanier '' prisioners that had to endure the whole second wold war in german camps after having fled to france in the last months of the spanish civil war . 
  these guys , who had endured the spanish war , now had to live interned dealing with forced labour , tortures and even gas showers and i feel like they are a bit forgotten in these kinds of videos . 
  huh , that explains it !, 
  yup , i think i had close to an hour queue in nyc last year, 
  i 'm still trying to figure out why the president of [ murcia ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/df/localizaci%c3%b3n_de_la_regi%c3%b3n_de_murcia.svg/1280px-localizaci%c3%b3n_de_la_regi%c3%b3n_de_murcia.svg.png ) is there ... 
  not a clue . 
  you can probably ask around there , i 'm sure they 'll tell you, 
  no there is n't . 
  but that 's not the point , since the one who can decide if they want to give the subsidy or not is the one who makes the economical audits , which as i told you before , seem to pay off : 30m in annual invesment that mobilizes an economical activity of 300m said the delegate of corporations and occupation . 
  that 's not a problem of the subsidy , but instead of corruption . 
  we all know that there are corrupts in the country , and of course we all want to get rid of it , but i see it as two problems instead of one, 
  yeah alright , keep at it , you could instead read why i actually referred to you as that, 
  i do n't vouch for corrupts , he should be trown im jail , but that 's a fault of the system , not of the idea, 
  nobody went to the arenas , they 've would 've closed even without the banning ... and for the ` gansgsters ' part ... really ? 
  no problem , bashing on her might be seen as a move from a * convergent * but not really, 
  i 'm not the one who decides that , so i do n't have the obligation to know where it goes, 
  nope . 
  i detest them aswell . 
  it 's not that i do n't like the ideas that ada is proposing , it 's that i do n't like her as a politician , for a variety of reasons, 
  yes . 
  and ? 
  i 've been refered to that guy twice in this comment chain , with nothing to do at all with the matter at hand . 
  it just seems like a poor `` ah gotcha , you got pujol 'd '' and it just goes in detriment of their argumentation, 
  yup , what a good irony that you just pulled yourself . 
  still prefer to subsidize f1 , it 's an investment that pays off, 
  yup , all three are forged , except maybe the debt ... 
  i wonder why the last one is true !, 
  ... you spaniards have a severe obsession with that idiot , you 're the second troll that references him in this comment chain !, 
  and to think that bigger corrupt spanish fish are still in the pond , while you see that guy everywhere,
