  filters * may * solve it , but good god the things i 've seen and had to argue about with some people in those threads, 
  hahaha no problem , english is my third language , i know what you mean :p, 
  or pure democracy . 
  do you know where law draws its power from ? 
  that 's right , the will of the people . 
  fascism * is imposing the law against the people * , the opposite of what we 're doing . 
  yeah , but apart from that , they 're surprisingly similar even among romance languages, 
  i 'm talking about catalan, 
  you mean that we call them fascists beacause they do n't let us vote in a referendum and modify the constitutional tribunal to jail our president in the middle of the election campaign ? 
  it 's a little bit more legitimate than just name calling honestly :p, 
  it is n't my invention , they * really * do say this , not even kidding :p !, 
  with this i agree : this subrredit is getting * too * monotemathic by all standards , it 's pretty horrible, 
  but all catalans speak spanish , or wait ... 
  i was told by spanish media that we were all a bunch of indoctrinated fascist-nazionalistas !, 
  spanish is so weird is n't it ? 
  but we say `` frankfurt '' ... it is n't even a spanish word ... :o !, 
  * por la encomienda !, 
  ( nah , i know you love us , it 's not that we * do n't * love you back it 's that ... we 'd like our own flat :p ), 
  romanian is surprisingly similar to catalan ... 
  i 've never known why, 
  every single noun has gender and beacause numbers are nouns they have gender too ... but only some have double gender , specifically u / una ( 1 ) , dos / dues, 
  yeah , it 's something they called us beacause we speak another language and we were seen as `` outsiders '' . 
  in spain . 
  so yeah , this is a little inside on the mentality of the people inland of the penninsula :p, 
  we do n't have composed words like that except maybe when literally writing out the numbers , like dos-cents ( 200 ) , vint-i-dos ( 22 ) , etc. 
  which can also be written in femenine : dues-centes , vint-i-dues , etc. 
  did we somehow get invaded by polish once the roman empire fell ? 
  * that can be true right ? 
  nor catalan ... we have a weird thing . 
  `` two '' has gender , and sometimes we say `` dos '' ( like in spanish ) referring to the masculine 2 and sometimes `` dues '' referring to the femenine 2 . 
  let 's met at 2 o ' clock would be `` quedem a les dues ? '', 
  ( let 's met at 2 ? ), 
  former roman empire brothers !, 
  yes , that does contribuite . 
  also , we ca n't forget that the more people in a country , the more comunities and local groups that form . 
  maybe they heed the call of some old friends to come to a certain city for example . 
  they go to germany beacause they know they 'll have a future there . 
  you just have to convince them that in other places the same is true * and nobody has seriously tried . 
  * and no , sending people in the middle of bumfuck nowhere in sweeden is not trying, 
  first , this 130k figure is n't mine , it 's from a racist that threw it as scare tactics . 
  so no , you do n't get to do the same thing , source your claims . 
  second . 
  so fucking what . 
  there 's 500m people in europe . 
  even a whole milion is a drop in the bucket , and it may come to that , but they evidently do n't come in milions , distribution is requiered and there 's that . 
  sometimes the lack of empathy and desconection from reality that i see here is astounding, 
  so what . 
  you have no clue what they went through to get here , that means that they * really * had no other choice but to come . 
  if the system does n't kick them out i 'm perfectly fine with them staying . 
  they are n't that many people after all . 
  plus you seem to have 0 empathy , i 'd gladly let one of them take your place here in the eu, 
  you were the one who said 130k not me , it 's your data so whatever . 
  and 350000 is not that many people , we 'll turn back economic migrants and accept refugees and that 's it . 
  you forget how truly big eu is . 
  xenophobia is a hell of a drug, 
  there are 130k in eu ( a small city compared to 500m people living in the eu ) , so no milions . 
  learn to count, 
  we are talking about tens of thousands , not milions . 
  quit dramatizing, 
  they just released the data and there 's people already complaining about stuff that has n't even happened or is n't bound to happen ... my god the cynicism, 
  thank you !, 
  true , meanwhile it took spain to give control of the state to a catholic cult ( opus dei ) made of technocrats to ramp up the gdp in the 60 , since evidently ultraproteccionism and other fascist mesures from the falanje were n't working . 
  these changes ( which include the introduction of a modest pension system ) and apparent affulence compared to previous decades are one of the reasons as to answer why are there so many francoists in spain , especially since the transition to a democracy was designed * not to go after them * and to let them keep their places of power, 
  interesting to see those countries not affected by the civil war , but yeah , it was a respectable dip . 
  also usa , holy shit . 
  thank you for the data btw !, 
  huh , so the civil war did n't create that much of a dip in gdp but instead started a huge stagnation of the economy ... welp , highschool history was right then !, 
  thank you !, 
  also , the german , austrian and french recoveries are astounding !, 
  no problem !, 
   also the fact that 7.5 m is a lot of people , but only about 1.5 % of the total eu population - in other words , the bargaining position is asymmetrically in favour of the eu even if you could overcome a spanish veto . 
  but it does n't work like this :p !, 
  could you do another but starting from 1930 ? 
  then we could see the spanish civil war , ww2 , etc. 
  just a little example : all countries in the eu must be ruled by a democratically elected leader . 
  this is not a claim, 
  we 're not talking about the agreement between catalonia and spain , that will be harder * but * it will come before the agreement with the eu . 
  we have carefully planned our route , of course . 
  once we have everything sorted out with spain ( in one way or another ) , then we 'll negotiate with the eu . 
  it 's a transitory process , and these kinds of negotiations are expected . 
  but remember , when they see that there 's no backing out and that they would lose a lot more if they did let us go , then i 'm sure this would balance out any fears they might have about other regions . 
  beacause after all , better the devil you know that the one you do n't . 
  democracy , even if you do n't belive in it , exists, 
  thing is , the eu actually loses a net contributor and excellent trading partner with a 7,5 m market just beacause . 
  since there 's no precedent or mechanism in case of secession , it 's pretty easy to come up to an agreement , which i 'm pretty sure is what will happen ( plus spain would lose their main route to europe if we got kicked out ) . 
  there 's no need to designate successors . 
  we feel way more european than some people around this subreddit might want to tell you !, 
  even if we might seccede from spain , that does n't mean that we want out of the eu ( we 're even federalists ! ), 
  oh no it is n't : if you want to go to berlin you need to study german , if you want to go to paris you have to study french ... if you want to go to barcelona you have to study ... spanish ? 
  nope , you yourself for example clearly do n't respect it . 
  catalan is the seventh language in the continent in number of speakers ( 11,5 m ) and yet it is n't official in eu isntitutions . 
  since madrid will never allow it to become recognised it , we 'll become indepedent and solve that problem for ourselves . 
  now obviously , there 's a lot of people here that speak spanish , i 'm not saying that we would all forget about it , it will be too an official language obviously, 
  everything for world recognition !, 
  yep !, 
  [ also , did you know about the old version of the hymn ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_leubxn7tec ) but really , [ sung without music ... yeah !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnqdd02oagg ) ^ ( beacause of the `` intro '' to your video ... 
  i did n't notice that it was the same one ... wooooooooooooooooops ), 
   today - the situation would change drastically after the declaration .
