  so that 's quite ironic . 
  yeah well ... 
  i studied a bit the urbanism of the city and it 's quite crazy . 
  so basically nobody lives in the city center , around passeig de gr\u00e0cia it 's basically all hotels , offices , etc. 
  then the touristic flats are driving out people to the outside of the city etc. 
  but meanwhile in places like poblenou there 's barely any people . 
  that 's why urbanists are designing these places as the new hotspots to build new homes , mostly social housing , to drive down rent , and to limit tourist flats . 
  skyscrapers in europe doooo n't tend to look that good ... we already have some of those and they 're quite lame :p, 
  no , beacause the issue of the constitution is a manufactured one , it can be done with the current constitution . 
  there 's just no political will to do so . 
  cerd\u00e0 , the guy who planned this , is considered the founder of modern urbanism thanks to this design . 
  he was the first to consider context ( as in , where the city is located , topography , etc. ), 
  and living standards more than a `` general idea of how beautiful the city would look '' . 
  he also invented standarized parcelization of the plots of land in a way that was copied everywhere else . 
  what you see here is probably one of the most genious designs in the history of urbanism . 
  oh , and everybody hated it until the 70 , when they realized what he had done ( beacause the idea of a compact city with proximity shopping etc was so ahead of his time that they really did n't consider it an option ) . 
  you mean , the [ pla maci\u00e0 ] ( https://pismuseucasabloc.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/2012_10_27_bcn_plan-macia-02.jpg ) . 
  ahhhhh 30 's urbanism ... how i love your craziness, 
  that 's not my point . 
  they just simply will try to get rid of competition , ala spaniair 2.0 . 
  this is not news . 
  i mean , there is podemos , yes , and part of psoe , but that 's not even close to enough . 
  we 've to be realists : pp banks part of its existence on denying anything we might demand , and c 's * was literally created for this objective * . 
  that 's why we sadly have to talk about unilaterality . 
  we really do n't want it , but we seem to have no other option . 
  speaking about spain , iberia is much more relatable than ba among the general public in these threads . 
  anyway . 
  i 'd argue that it depends on the market . 
  yes , international flights between sa and madrid make more sense than sa and barcelona , but that 's about it . 
  international tourism is a thing , and to make them go to madrid * and then * to barcelona is pretty stupid . 
  barcelona too has quite a bit of a market for business trips , and as much potential international travellers as madrid . 
  iag only proposed this in response to norwegian beacause even if they were planning it , it is obvious that they want to get rid of any potential check in barcelona . 
  [ then what is this ? 
  ] ( http://www.ara.cat/es/iag-norwegian-ofrecera-vuelos-prat_0_1710429074.html ) i said iberia beacause most people do n't recognise iag . 
  so , do you * really * think that madrid has more value as an airport for international flights than barcelona ? 
  were the roles to be reversed , would you really think the opposite ? 
  i doubt it . 
  he is n't talking about trains , he 's mainly talking about air , and btw , he neglected to mention how iberia destroyed with dirty tactics the catalan initiatives to connect el prat to the world , which no doubt they might try again . 
  to give you an example : air norwegian announced for the first time cheap international flights . 
  iberia matched their locations , probably with cheaper prices , to undermine them . 
  once they ca n't compete , they will back down , and so will iberia , and madrid shall stand alone again in spain as the only international hub . 
  it has happened twice * already * . 
  if spain was a normal country , he would be right . 
  sadly it is n't . 
   anyway , those are problems that can be easily resolved with the right political will . 
  which , as you know perfectly well , does n't exist and never will . 
  we 've been waiting for 7 years now to negotiate * something * with madrid . 
  dialogue is a one way road here . 
   also , if you think that you have it bad , you should have visited galicia on the early 90s . 
  that was just pure neglecting . 
  i do not deny this , yet it is n't our issue . 
  we just want out to make a way better country than spain will ever be . 
   ps : happy cake day !, 
  thanks :p !, 
  you 're joking right ? 
  i mean , i feel like i 'm in trial . 
  i 'll make a quick case , since there 's plenty of good sites online that could express it much better than i ( good point about scotland : they know english much better than us , so they can express themselves much better too ) : - the fiscal deficit between us and spain is one of the highest in the world , last i checked around 8 % of our gdp is not sent back , around 15.000 m $ . 
  this is pretty huge . 
  - our infraestructures are a joke . 
  to give you an example , instead of fixing our railway system ( that has had the sime timetables since the 20 ' ) they just added 15m to the schedule and `` made them go in time '' . 
  while they do promise to invest in catalonia to look good on the press * they actually never follow through * . 
  - spain is a centralist state , repressive against our culture . 
  want to go from barcelona ( 2nd city ) to val\u00e8ncia ( 3rd ) in a train ? 
  sorry , got ta go to madrid first * then * to val\u00e8ncia . 
  madrid first , etc. 
  whereas from madrid you can connect with the most remote of villages ( they made a high-speed terminal for a town with 1000 inhabitants . 
  yes , really ) . 
  - our language has always been under constant threat from the central goverment ( a couple years ago the education minister literally wanted to `` spanish-fy the catalan students '' , that is , to impose the spanish culture upon them , by reducing the hours of catalan and introducing spanish as a general language in schools -  this may sound strange but actually it 's a deeper issue linked to francoism , catalan * must * be protected in the schools in order to actually survive and they know it , that 's why they want to remove it if at all possible ) - they do not respect our institutions . 
  several examples : they sent our ex-president and the president of our parliment ( among other elected officials ) to trial for allowing the catalans their legitimate right to vote . 
  they turned our autonomical constitution voted * by referendum * and * in both the spanish and catalan chambers * into a joke . 
  this is what actually kickstarted the independence process back in 2010 , the politizced juges in the constitutional tribunal ( many even * form part of the ruling class party * ) deemed it `` too radical '' and cut it back * when there was nothing left to cut * , insuting our sovereingty as a people , denying our existence as a nation ( for fucks sake , this is basic stuff ) , etc. 
  they too veto'ed most laws that they do n't agree with/the central goverment does n't like , and not only nationalist ones : a law to ensure that no-one would be cut from the grid in extreme poverty cases was veot ` ed beacause the electricy companies and the central goverment have deep links between eachother ( most spanish ex-policians retire in endesa and friends ) and it hurt their poor little interests . 
  i could go on and on beacause we 've got so many reasons ( the right of self-determination being recognised in the human rights charter etc ) , but you 've got a sample there . 
  oh hey , it 's my cakeday !, 
  edit : it 's fun to see how the downvotes oscilate as time pases , i guess people * actually * do n't want to know why we want to be independent/or some people do n't want others to see it ? 
  seeing what i 'm seeing in this thread , i guess it has to be option 2 . 
  anyway , i invite you to search any more or less sizeable reddit thread about independentism and check if you see pujol in there . 
  chances are , you 'll find him . 
  it 's not about how many times it is mentioned , it 's the fact that he is at all , that 's the point of godwin 's law actually , to bring up an unrelated guy as a fallacious argument . 
   the made up differences about how the corrupts in that corner are better made the discussion worth it , though . 
  they 're not better , they 're actually tried and usually not exonerated, 
  so were the commonwealth of poland and lithuania , austria & hungary , england & scotland ( before the uk ) , basically the hre , denmark & sweeden etc. 
  it was a pretty common method of ruling , a direct result of feudalism , yet we all accept all of those as different countries , and so were castille and aragon . 
  they each had their laws , army , census , official languages , goverment , etc etc. 
  beacause they 're either trolls or oblvious to this . 
  i 've actually never seen this mentioned around here so i thought i 'd reveal how they play . 
  let 's hope somehow it actually goes through . 
  i 've read some news about how the sindicates and csqp want to force the cup to deny the budget through strikes days before the vote . 
  conspiracy theories aside , it 'll be pretty damm hard , yet rewarding , to not be part of the cloaca that is spain, 
  nope , also spain as a state did n't even exist back then , charles iith was king of castille and aragon . 
  what empire ? 
  let 's talk about why every single time there 's a discussion about independentism somebody ( always spanish , never catalan ) has to bring up an ex-politician that has even admitted part of crimes ( something that will never happen in spain ) and has been tried ( again , let 's repeat ) and why you deny that fact . 
  you ca n't be ** that ** obtuse , right ? 
  `` oh , does this mean it applies to us too ? 
  well then it 's bad , fuck you '', 
  oh of course !, 
  what could `` by just right of conquest mean '' ? 
  surely it does n't mean that they impose their rulership by right of conquest !, 
  ah , you people are so funny . 
  you just did , so talk about hypocrisy,
