  something that the central government in madrid * still today * does n't understand . 
  and it 's even worse in catalonia , since there were huge immigration waves from other parts of spain + catalan was forbidden in franco 's times , so we 're trying to readjust our language to what it should be , sadly * despite * the efforts of central gov to hinder our education sistem ( which still teaches kids a higher level of spanish than many other regions in the state ), 
  * madriz * *, 
  nope , that 's not true . 
  this statement has been debuked for a long time, 
  a big chunck of our population is literally an immigrantion wave from other parts of spain that came in the sixties and seventies . 
  if you integrate them it is n't a problem, 
  we do care about them . 
  barcelona delcared itself ` refugee safe haven city ' not too long ago , and the refuguees are ever present in the debates . 
  true , lately we do n't see them coming through ceuta and melilla , but when they did , the debate was still on how to take them in ( forcing the closure of the inhuman interment center etc ) , not to how to kick them back . 
  not really . 
  anti migrant parties are dead and buried in catalonia , and any attempt to revive them gets crushed , thankfully, 
  ... what ? 
  you dispute any of what i said ? 
  i mean , even primary school books state that sooo yeah ... downvotes never meant that something was false . 
  he did n't think that catalonia was a nation and i stated the obvious, 
  just what i was thinking . 
  what a fucking waste ... knowing a bit about spanish history , specially late xixth and early xxth century you realize that this is n't anything new though, 
  yep , just a happy dream . 
  if only we managed to capitalize on the advantadge and not fuck up the system like an addict to credit ... 
  my family too has a ton of immigrants , but from inland catalonia with one exception ( a great-grandmother from cartagena ) . 
  so , when was the last time that this country was n't fucked , and why do people still live here ? 
  yep , that 's also a factor !, 
  i mean , i might emigrate myself in a few years !, 
  i 'm not talking about spaniards ( ca n't speak for so many people plus it 's a very heterogeneous state ) , i 'm talking about catalans . 
  and i do n't know how to word this , but you do n't know our sociery ... 
  it 's a cultural thing : a huge percent of the population descends from immigrants that came over in the 60 ' and 70 ' , so we have learned to adapt and not to fear the unknown . 
  obviously , there 's some idiots , but they 're very residual . 
  nope , people around here are n't xenophobic . 
  in fact , the only openly xenophobic party has dissolved into nothing and when a mainstream right-wing one tried to copy them it achieved their worst result in history . 
  there 's still hope in this world . 
   and the sudden drop in spain ? 
  pp , a conservative and neoliberal party came into power at around that time , plus the crisis gave them an excuse to start implementing their policies, 
  nope . 
  i claim that southern french and catalans are more related than catalans and andalusians . 
  which is pretty obvious anyway , since after all , we were the same country until at least 400 years ago ( treaty of the pyrenees ), 
  their descendants certainly make the majority in the country now , and anyway , everyone knows how the `` reconquista '' happened , so it 's general knowledge, 
  no , i 'm not saying that . 
  i refuse to belive that the people in perpiny\u00e0 , who , 400 shared our state , culture , language and laws are now magically miles away genetically from us and meanwhile a guy down in malaga is disproportionally more related to me . 
  borders are political creations , not human barriers, 
   there was no `` spain '' to talk about , unless you mean hispania , which would include the whole iberian peninsula . 
  alright , they lived in what we now know as `` spain '' for 700 years . 
  happy ? 
   they only remained for ~ 700 years within the kingdom of granada ( today 's granada , almer\u00eda and southern ja\u00e9n , i think ) . 
  which is still spain , is n't it ? 
  plus it has huge amounts of one of the best ( if not the best ) fuels for fusion tech !, 
  i 'm getting very tired of this kind of crap honestly, 
  ... that is pretty fucking bullshit . 
  so i 'm supposed to belive that just for crossing a border people are * that * genetically different ? 
  where 's the data from the languedoc there ? 
  `` french '' and `` southwest_french '' do n't mean anything , southwestern spain for example would cover what , all of andalucia and extremadura ? 
  besides , where 's your source ? 
  so just pointing out something , what 's this idea that i 'm a racist if not a prejudice ? 
  you dispute the fact that a catalan and a southern french are similar ? 
  beacause it 's the only thing that i 've said . 
  you can twist it all you want , it does n't make it any less true . 
  there is no fucking catalan race , the genetic differences in the penninsula are ridicolously small , so yeah , stop it with your idiotic prejudices ( ironically ) , we the catalans are n't racist, 
  yes !, 
  i mean , i live just 500m from a pretty big iberian citadel , i 'm not disputing that :p !, 
  but their population was relatibly small and the romans had much more influence with that . 
  i 'm just pointing out the differences between a catalan and an andalusian which do exist and people here are trying to pick up `` second meanings '' and racist connotations which i never intended . 
  not that i want to feed even more the trolls , but it pretty much seems like an agenda thing ( the nazionalistas bullshit that emanates from some spanish press ), 
  that 's not entirely true : apart from the area known as ` catalunya vella ' , when an area was conquered it was repopulated with people from other areas . 
  for example : mallorca was populated with people from the empord\u00e0 . 
  obviously people there still was allowed to live , but there was a lot of migrations , which originated in today 's border with france, 
  nope , you just do n't understand what nation means . 
  and you 're reading too much into this , i just said that genetically i have more in commom with southern french dude than andalusian . 
  and that 's a fact, 
  it 's not a prejudice to talk about genetics , that area was inhabitted with arabs for 700 years ... 
  we are a nation , not a state . 
  this is an undisputed fact . 
  genetically speaking there 's more arabic influence the more south you go into the penninsula , and catalonia is one of the areas with fewer of this happening , for example, 
  ... i am serious . 
  catalonia is a nation , wether you like it or not , and that 's undeniable . 
  we the catalans come from over the pyrenees , from the languedoc ( northern catalonia and all that ) , so we have more in common with the people of the south of france than for example a galician ( remnants of the old visigoth kingdoms ) , andalusian ( heavy arabic influences ) or of course a basque, 
  there 's as much as a difference between a galician and a catalan as a parisian an and italian though . 
  and andalusian and a basque and a italian and a greek . 
  besides , catalonia is it 's own nation , * there is a big difference , despite the proximity * . 
  i actually am a bit weirded out by that map ... 
  so we the catalans were celts all along ? 
  you surely must mean * codegarr\u00f2tix * do n't you ? 
  they lived in spain * for 700 years * . 
  ... if i were n't ` t , the word ` secessionist ' would n't have much sense would it ? 
  the german government apologised for the crimes of nazism , and yet is absolutely clean of nazis and it is n't even a succesor state like spain is . 
  so did italy , so did france , etc. 
  the actual `` junta '' that judged companys is an actual law body of the spanish state that still acts today . 
  so yes , the spanish state should apologise and retract , not doing so means that they agree with the veredict implicitly , and * that is scary * . 
   maybe the people of catalonia should apologize for the massacres committed by the almog\u00e1vares in greece . 
  i do n't think so , though . 
  you know this does n't make sense , it just retracts validity to your point , why even, 
  the trolls in this thread . 
  i generally do n't like to generalize statements to 47m people . 
  though the part about not nullifiyng nor apologising for the `` trial '' is even scarier if you take the spanish society for a truly sane one , or even sending a president to trial for * letting the people vote *, 
  so when a man who lets people vote is brought to `` justice '' your only answer is a logical fallacy ? 
  democracy in spain is in shambles ... 
  the 3 % for now is a wild accusation by rival parties , with zero proof ( he might be corrupt or he might not , but he 's at least at the same level as any spanish politician ) . 
  i still want to see what the police did apart from being models for the `` periodists '' for a day just before the elections at his party 's hq when they went to `` search '' . 
  democracy is on the deathbed in spain and meanwhile this is 64 % upvoted . 
  i ca n't wait to be out of this fucking country, 
  yep , they apparently do n't like how facts sound .
