  ahhhhh yeah buddy of course . 
  modernisme was a spanish movement * y las vacas vuelan * . 
  what took you so long to appear ? 
  ciutadella is the only true park of the city though , and its quite small compared to other big metropolis . 
  we have squares and all plus montju\u00efc and collserola , but those are not parks . 
  i 'll have to spell it out for you : * modernisme was created to be a distinctly catalan movement , to distinguish itself from spain * . 
  it 's not `` anti-spain '' , it 's just * not * spain . 
  you are saying that is is spanish . 
  which literally is what modernism was trying * not to be * . 
  and quit being dense , the stlye is catalan , that does n't mean it ca n't be built outside of catalonia . 
  yes , i do n't like the term . 
  but this is literally it . 
  modernisme is by * definition * not spanish . 
  if someone calls it that its either ( imho ) due to ignorance ( which i do n't mind then ) or appropiation ( which is not something as new as it might seem for spain ) . 
  stop trying to appropiate our culture then ? 
  i mean , i ca n't deny catalonia is in spain , obviously . 
  but if the guys who made that did it to make it a point that it was a catalan thing ( and not a spanish one , beacause `` spanish '' was the default at the time , and they wanted to distinguish themselves from it ) it seems obvious to me that either ignorance or appropiation are the only two scenarios in which someone would call modernisme spanish . 
  it 's not pedant to be recognised for what you are . 
  modernisme is its own movement , related but not art noveau . 
  and yes , it is catalan-exclusive . 
  it combined the art noveau current with the political and cultural currents of the time to make `` the most catalan style '' it could be made . 
  this is partly why most architects of the movement later became catalanist politicians . 
  it gets lumped into art noveau beacause nowadays art noveau is used as a term to amalgamante very different styles that existed at the time into a single thing , which is fine if you 're a tourist just looking at a guide , but is factually wrong if you go a little bit deeper into that . 
  they would n't get as pissed off beacause everyone already recognises scotland as a country and very few people deny that . 
  they also do n't have the ... * history * catalonia and spain have with these kind of things , so of course the situation would be different . 
  it 's factually incorrect to call a modernist building spanish beacause * by definition * the modernist movement is only catalan . 
  obviously i allow it ( let 's just ban things or what ? 
  ) , but in this case i find it almost offensive , beacause it 's factually wrong as i said before and can only be stated in a context of either ignorance ( in which case i have no problem with it ) of the issue or nationalist imperialism . 
  it 's just a matter of opinion though , so you do you . 
  did i say that ? 
  now you 're just derrailing . 
  catalonia is a nation without a state and spain is a state with several nations . 
  spain has several nations inside of it ( personally i do not think cantabria , castilla etc. 
  as nations , rather galicia and the basques , the rest are n't different enough but it 's just a pointless discussion that i 've already had ) yet the castilian one has always tried to impose itself over the others , your replies being only a tiny part of it . 
  also , loving those instadownvotes , classy :p, 
  oh , ironic , so you complain about out-of-place arguments yet now we 're comparing catalan nationalism with `` flat earth theories '' ? 
  how 's that one for a logical extreme ( also , do you know what / s even means ? ) ... 
  and i thought nowadays spaniards at least * pretended * to recognise that we 're * a bit * different , sweet innocence . 
  welp , glad i never changed the text of my flair , it 's as relevant as ever . 
  oh and by the way , i 'm pro european federation , as is much of catalonia , just not under spain , 
  look at this marvelous building !, 
  well done , solar system !, 
  / s the basis of the catalanist movement is that we 're * different * from spain and should be recognised as such . 
  lol at the downvotes , the architect himself was one of the founders of the catalanist movement ( wherein catalan culture was renewed in the xixth century ) and literally all of his buildings are full of catalan flags . 
  modernisme is * the * most catalan thing in architecture you can find , calling it spanish is almost offensive , like what they worked and strived for was all for nothing . 
  we the catalans exist , you know ? 
  yup , that + the pla\u00e7a de les gl\u00f2ries , so you can imagine how long it will take to be made :p the project does kinda exist though , and most urbanists in the city want to do it . 
  for now we 're working with creating a better connection to collserola , making parks that enter the valleys of those mountains . 
  it 's also missing the so called `` ziggurats '' that were built on the inside of some of them in the 60 ' ( the name comes from the pyramidal shape that they got to avoid blocking the sun of the other flats ) , when every single square meter was considered for construction . 
  and yet , it is one of the cities with more trees in the world . 
  but without parks : / we 're working on solving that though , there is a project to build the largest linear park ( think some sort of wider and bigger high-line ) in the world , though it 's a very long term thing . 
  great post !!, 
  [ also , the interiors are gourgeous and not many tourists come here ] ( http://www.parkingviajeros.es/tipsofbarcelona/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/interior-hospital-de-sant-pau.jpg ) , it 's one of the most unknown modernist marvels of the city !, 
  no probs then, 
  and wine and milk . 
  as a part of an independent catalonia ? 
  weird , but to piss off spain anything :p !, 
  and we get the medicine agency here in barcelona , which we 're bidding fiercely for . 
  oh , interesting !, 
  though admittedly much of this can be applies to catalonia too , so i 'm not too worried . 
  yup , thanks for the edit !, 
  sorry but architecture is my drug :p !, 
  i 'll come back and check them out on another trip !, 
  thank you , will do !, 
  [ you did your best ] ( http://imgur.com/j75vic8 ), 
  [ palafrugell does n't even have one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/palafrugell.jpg ), 
  i 'll be one of those tourists , so i 'd appreciate if any local could fill me in !, 
  i 'll be covering athens and the peloponese + meteoras !, 
  any random stuff is fine :p !, 
  strong and stable, 
  really ? 
  that is pretty fucked either way . 
  yet very pro-eu , even pro federation . 
  wait so if you have an insurance on one state and get hurt on another you have to pay ( more ) ? 
  seriously ? 
  welp , where are those guys that wanted to `` rebuild '' old roman buildings instead of preserving them ? 
  i saw them in quite a few threads . 
  this crap is what you get . 
  with a fa\u00e7ade from the xixth , but still true :p, 
   unlike most modern architects that only care to shop how big their dick is . 
  not really . 
  just three or four public `` starchitects '' are like that , and that trend has already ended . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  it only gets bigger !, 
  well , when tourism boomed in the 92 ' olympics it got ( and gets ) so much money by toursits that they do n't really have an issue in that front but yes , it is built only with donations ( and entry tickets ! ), 
  how tall is it ? 
  the sagrada fam\u00edlia will be around 184m when it is completed . 
  just gon na say this : every single fa\u00e7ade of the building presents four tall towers painted in reddish hues and it is n't a coincidence . 
  gaud\u00ed included a lot of symbology and not all of it was theological :p, 
  so i was pinged by / u/mostoriginalnickname :p !, 
  by current estimates , we 'll have it done by 2026 more or less , which is a long estimate by current times ( a building usually never takes 10 years to build by itself ) but not by a cathedral-class building ( keep in mind though , that the sagrada fam\u00edlia is a basilica , not a cathedral ) , which at least as far as i know it might be the only building in the world to still be being built at this pace despite modern techniques . 
  it is talking so long beacause every single piece is basically unique and most of it hand-made , and basically we still have to build the main towers ( this [ render ] ( https://youtu.be/dvyktfvidlo ) might give you an idea ) , and those are hard to execute , despite modern tech . 
  once finished they will be the tallest building in barcelona , aprox . 
  184m , a meter lower than the montju\u00efc mountain nearby beacause gaud\u00ed would not dare outdo god . 
  gaud\u00ed himself even said that he knew that with the technology of his time the church could not be built , especially beacause the main pillars could not sustain the strain . 
  this has been solved , but the entire building is very very delicate and its construction requires a lot of time and planning ( extra planning since people visit the inside ! ), 
  but , there is a bit of a controversy in the architectural community around here about it 's completion . 
  as i said before , gaud\u00ed did not know how people would finish the building , and he also knew that it would take a lot of time ( `` el meu client no t\u00e9 pressa '' / `` my client - god - is not hasty '' he said ) so he acknowledged that the final shape would differ from what he planned . 
  what he could n't plan against though , was the civil war , during which his studio burned with all but one of his plans and all of his models . 
  this means that we 're building the sagrada fam\u00edlia based on photos from a model and i think a single copy of the model that was saved .
