  we will take it . 
  that has been already established and discussed, 
  sadly reddit does n't like/understand/care / know about us . 
  a * very * different case from scotland , they had their support 24/7, 
  [ yup , we 're not dumb ] ( http://presidencia.gencat.cat/web/.content/ambits_actuacio/consells_assessors/catn/informes_publicats/inf_18_angles.pdf ), 
  they were brutalist ( if you had to group them in an style ) , when they were n't painted , but yeah ... 
  though pretty much the entire area is full of those buildings and the brick ones, 
  and i have to see them everyday , they 're up on a hill so everyone has to ... 
  welp ... lost in translation ? 
  well ... beacause you went to the nice areas !, 
  brutalism here only has a few good examples , like the old campus of the uab university [ though this is a pretty bad foto of it ] ( http://www.uab.cat/imatge/667/346/mr6v5646.jpg ) ... the bad ones were [ painted ] ( http://www.forumgrama.cat/wp/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/lesoliveres.jpg ) ... though that still does n't make them good, 
  huh ... it 's kinda like basque , but a bit less weirder :p, 
  around the metropolitan area of barcelona, 
  it sounds like a romance language ... it is one right ? 
  or very influenced by them ? 
  i really like them . 
  they 're very in line with the time they were built ( brutalism and concrete ) and i really like the rawness of the concrete . 
  i dunno , people like to hate on brutalism as a style but it has quite the charm . 
  and yes , i know that plenty of the buildings in that style are crap , i live in a city made almost entirely of them , but that does n't mean that the ones made thorougly well are nice, 
  it will be when the largest tower is built , they are beggining the process now ( maybe in 2020 or so ) , at around 180 meters , but la sagrada fam\u00edlia is a bas\u00edlica , not a cathedral , so while it wo n't be the tallest cathedral it will be the tallest church, 
  yup , and there has been a bit of a push recently to change it back ... tot i que aqu\u00ed a catalunya no en notem l'efecte tant fort :p, 
  well of course . 
  independence is just a tool to make a better country , they even say it in their video !, 
  why do you think i 'm an independentist ? 
  and why not dream if you 're able to ? 
  cynicism is for the short-sighted, 
   no info on any islamist connections . 
  goddammit not this again, 
  they 're talking about independence , not changing capitalism ( though of course , they 're leftist parties , and cup even moreso ) . 
  at least cup for sure ... iu changes what they want to say every week ... 
  they 're doing well , iu even won barcelona ( though under another name ), 
  it 's not allowed in europe too , but at least in the south nobody cares about it, 
   do you think pablo would bring spain to the brink like this as the economist is implying ? 
  for one thing the origins of the crisis are different ( as it was a fiscal and financial one in greece ) which i think affects the attitudes of european leaders towards them . 
  well i mean , does he have an idea of how to rule a country ? 
  so far he has changed at least half the policies he previously promised , so that does n't let me trust him that much, 
  pablo just spends too much time looking at films !, 
   can you see who is rajoy meeting now ? 
  nope  in most northrend european countries every political party has his agenda online , otherwise people wo n't vote him . 
  rajoy does n't care about what he promised in elections , he just does what he does . 
  just to give you an idea , [ this is how he thinks press briefings should be ] ( https://ignaciotrillo.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/rajoy-transparencia-1.jpg ), 
  maybe beacause they saw him in tv and though that he looked good by comparison with rajoy, 
  i did point out why he was wrong , but in another comment . 
  and to be honest , apart from a few `` flair '' construction projects and some questionable policies , spain for example did n't go into crisis for having a generous budget . 
  the deficit came beacause the economy was built around the real state bubble , which burst , making the private sector at fault for the crisis , with the fallout from that afecting especially the banking system that had collaborated with the construction business , in turn making credit hard to come by for other business . 
  yes , there were many politicans that colaborated , and the successive governments allowed the bubble to happen , but at no point we `` overspent '' our budget . 
   less overspending = less control needed , meaning less perception of others messing with your affairs . 
  ... still do n't see why we are `` lenient '' with our welfare system , which at the end of the day is what he 's talking about . 
   based on that misunderstanding you then go off on an emotional rant and try to insult him and accuse him of ridiculous things like xenophobia ( in a discussion about economic policy ) . 
  just yesterday we talked about keeping the discussion constructive , and here you are flying off the handle again . 
  he estableshied a fictional divide between `` north '' ( germany , scandinavia ) and `` south '' ( france ? 
  wtf , the rest ) , and made assumptions without any kind of data about what would we and we would n't accept . 
  this is borderline racist . 
   how so ? 
  when you pre-establish these differences without any kind of data you are judging people for their place of birth . 
  this is bordering racism . 
   no i said that only scandanavian and german speaking countries would approve of a balanced budget mechanism that applies to all eu member states unlike southern europe and france . 
  you do n't know that . 
   south of europe unlike the northern european countries , lacked natural resources like coal which allowed industrialization . 
  and industrialized later on . 
  so non-southern european countries had a headstart and was able to diversify before the manufacturing crisis of the 70s . 
  of which the southern european countries got caught up and became a tangled mess . 
  here in catalonia we had the most industrialized river in the word , el llobregat , in the xixth century , since we used dams to replace coal . 
  we later imported it from england , but we were n't the only region with industrial capability : the basque metalurgy was one of the best in europe . 
  generalizing , beacause i could explain you a lot more from the history of my own nation , what hindered us all was the rise of dictatorships here in the south , many of which the western democracies * did nothing * to stop . 
  they even went as far as to help them establish in power ( pacto de madrid , 1952 , visits of eisenhower , etc. 
  ) , just to keep in check the ruskies . 
  so go learn some history , as i said before . 
  we * were * one of the most industrious regions in the whole continent ( and so was milan , in italy , for example ) . 
   also the institutions in non-southern/non-eastern europe were not as corrupt so that allowed innovation . 
  ... yeah alright . 
  i do n't even know where to begin with that . 
   i said lenient because regarding spending , southern europe + france are more lenient with spending . 
  yes this changed after the 2008 gfc . 
  but its not like somebody guilty of something can say that he learned his lesson and now should n't have to face the consequences of what he did prior to being caught . 
  this crisis certainly did n't came to exist beacause we were `` lenient '' . 
  you do n't belive that , do you ? 
  you at least know why spain fucked up with the real state bubble ... and why many people are warning the `` stable and northern '' germany beacause they seem to start showing the same symptoms ? 
  the crisis , at least here in spain , is the fault ( or 90 % of it , since politicians colaborated a lot ) of the private real state/banking system , not of our welfare system . 
  that 's neoliberal propaganda at work, 
  what i 'm saying is that many people around here ca n't think of other solutions than `` put 'em in camps '' or `` send them back where they came from '' . 
  they do n't understand what these people have gone through and that they are an easy target for politicans to spew their demagogy on , since they 've no power or money . 
  there have been zero real attempts to integrate these people in europe or the intention of doing so, 
  yes , i absolutely agree with that . 
  sadly many people in reddit , like real life , tend to descend into `` who can shout more '' and do n't really stop to think about what they 're really saying anymore . 
  well , then we can send back those ... 
  if they actually cooperate . 
  which is something that i really doubt . 
  you do not risk your life to be sent back . 
   i also think that for many people ( not sure how many ) it has less to do with xenophobia itself than with our current capacity to integrate people quickly enough to a point where social tensions are kept low , which is a rational concern imo . 
  and bunching everyone who voices that concern together with racists and xenophobes does n't help keeping the discourse from becoming more polarized . 
  yet the way that they express those concerns : `` put them in camps '' , `` send them back '' , etc. 
  is n't exacly the most humane way of resolving these issues . 
  people do n't know what happens at the internment centers in my country . 
  they just simply complain that people different from them are coming into their country and use generalizations to exemplify that all of them are bad people . 
  it 's just bad demagogy . 
  well i mean , that 's how you get all the opposition riled up !, 
  if they had n't been so openly racist maybe they could 've gotten the support from ciu . 
  it is n't something that weird to see , especially beacause it 's at the local level . 
   that 's interesting , where do you think the pxc votes went to ?
