  or just came here beacause * sol , playa , paeeella , saaangriiaaa !, 
  really ? 
  holy shit , i actually did n't expect this , for some reason . 
  we picture your lovely catalanophobe as the equivalent of the us redneck , just in inland spain , but expats ? 
  do they bitch about having to learn one more language or something ? 
  are they so childish ? 
  i mean , i 'm being downvoted at this very moment just beacause of my flair , so i belive you . 
  people actually would n't like you for * knowing a language * ? 
  which , mind you , is still part of their state ( wheter we or they want it or not ) . 
  that 's pretty stupid, 
  weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeell you see , now that we 're talking about not feeling spanish ... 
  [ i mean , they did the same thing here and the neighbourhood is still shit ] ( http://www.forumgrama.cat/wp/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/lesoliveres.jpg ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , it looks nicer , but as somebody who 's into architecture i can tell you for a fact that a paintjob does n't just solve everything . 
  it 's a nice first-step though , i 'm interested to see if there 's more investments coming, 
  the leaders are majoritarily federalists too !, 
  welp , at least people outside of spain get it, 
  nope , we 're even federalists, 
   that 's not a rally in support of the independence . 
  yes it fucking is . 
  the independentist rallies always have been done this day beacause it 's the day of catalonia , but they 're independentist alright . 
  quit lying . 
  the spanish did . 
  you think we deliberately wanted to cede our homeland ? 
  they were the ones that made the peace agreeement, 
  yeaaaaah that 's the problem with paris , i do n't deny it . 
  it 's too hard to change the entire state , but little things would help a little at least, 
  beacause the state must rule for everyone , not only the majority . 
  this is one of the fundamental pillars of democracy , but i see it 's rotten there . 
  and why not ? 
  why should n't the french state try to apologise and at least * make up for their mistakes * , at least protecting what 's left of it after that disaster ? 
  beacause even if there 's little left , there 's still something . 
  oh and also , i just went there this summer , people actually identify themselves as catalan and want to learn the language * but ca n't * . 
  the french can do a lot and do n't . 
   it 's not our problem if catalan culture is dying or whatever . 
  oh but that 's the main fucking point . 
  ** it actually is your problem ** . 
  i see how france rules only for the mainstream french culture . 
  that 's sad . 
  nope . 
  the french state has actively eradicated catalan culture in the area , and its their job to actually protect what they have n't still killed and try to restore it as best as they can . 
  can you guess now why i do n't trust them to do it ? 
  there is still catalan culture up there , much to your dismay , as this very same thread exemplifies, 
  and ? 
  it says the same in the spainish constitution . 
  co-official languages are a thing . 
  how quick nations like france like to point fingers at third-world countries for repressing minorities ( kurds , armenians , palestine ) and do the same in their backyard, 
  of course . 
  i was referring to the state of the language , not the culture . 
  it 's as healthy as we can make it to be , even with spain 's intermission . 
  it 's one of the reasons why i want catalonia to be independent actually . 
  ah of course , so since there 's nutjobs in catalonia that say that we invented literally anything and we were the bestest it must mean that everything in catalonia 's history that does n't make spain look too good must be a lie . 
  why of course . 
  ^ ( logical fallacies ? 
  what are those ? ), 
  the hell ? 
  so that 's your sorry excuse for erradicating cultures now ? 
  nope , i 'm asking the french to respect the local catalan indentity . 
  any democratic country should protect minorities as a prority , but i see how france works now . 
  this is priority number one imho . 
  it 's how we regenerated catalan to its actual healthy state over here !, 
  so , apart from spilling demagogy all over are you going to actually base it or something ? 
  people were pissed , actually , to be part of france ( since it meant breaking up catalonia into two ) . 
  but hey , is that revisionism i hear ? 
  as for supression ... you know the usual , franco , primo de rivera , tratados de nueva planta , etc. 
  you can read a bit on that, 
  yes no , i just went into rossell\u00f3 and there was 0 promotion of catalan culture . 
  you could start by promoting it in schools ( very important ) setting up a bilingual system at least ( or a monolingual-catalan-only like we have here , which does work by the way and everybody knows both catalan and spanish ) and recognising catalan as an official language , basically allowing its use in official institutions in the region, 
  hahahaahahahaahah welp , i now understand a lot of things about * integration * into the french state and why it does n't work . 
  good luck with that !, 
  they were our `` old homeland '' where we came from after the arab invasions . 
  it was n't the richest part , i belive it was val\u00e8ncia at the time though , and yes , landgrabbing was the traditional sport at the time , sadly :p, 
   spain as a whole can hardly be accused of trying to suppress catalan culture , with catalan being an official language and the vast degree of autonomy our state model provides . 
  ... the fuck . 
  oh and also , you sold northern catalonia to france , it 's not like we had any choice . 
  [ i mean really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_the_pyrenees ), 
  it 's horrible to see the deterioration and destruction of the catalan culture that the french state has created . 
  these little progressive changes only help to erase the identity of the region , to homogenizate it into the french mainstream culture . 
  now more than ever , this needs to be revised , maybe with the help of a neutral party to mediate it , beacause of course , the minorities rights must be respected . 
  north catalonia is the cradle of catalan culture , and nowadays it 's pretty much only catalan in name only . 
  it 's a process that can be reversed , but only through the understanding and the * franternity * of the french people . 
  here in catalonia we 'll gladly support any push to recover whatever we can from oblivion , but it 'll be a hard job . 
  if we resisted francoism and repression though , it can be done there too . 
  yeah !, 
  sometimes , it felt like they were speaking anticuated catalan , with all the `` pic '' , `` form\u00f3s '' , `` felicit '' , etc. 
  i meant 1000 inhabitants , [ here ] ( http://www.publico.es/espana/estaciones-fantasma-del-ave.html ) , it 's tardienta , huesca, 
  no , spain * is * centralized . 
  want to get to val\u00e8ncia from barcelona ? 
  it 's still faster to * go to madrid and then to val\u00e8ncia * than to just simply go there . 
  the system is horrible , they even built high-speed train stations for towns with less than 100 ( 0 ) people just beacause regions would vote them forever, 
  here in catalonia it 's a foreign concept except really long haul trains, 
  coming from a country with 0 classes in the trains , it seems an extremely elitist concept that i honestly did n't expect from the netherlands though, 
  weeell yeees it 's great but it does have problems in other ways . 
  i could not belive that in a 7 wagon train , 2 of them were `` first class '' , basically mainly empty , and the rest were filled-up to the brim with people, 
  i mean , spain and portugal too had dictatorships , and until the 60 ' , spain at least was trying to become an autarky ( which failed miserably ), 
  looks like something near the pyrenees or the appennines/alps, 
  we 're actually having a booming growth on it here , and it 's looking preettty good . 
  i know for a fact that a lot of tech companies have opened offices ( ubisoft , where my cousing was recently employed , for example ), 
  i mean , we 've got more than a milion of them teaching us their superior lifestyle over in the south of the state , we 'll soon be assimilated, 
  he * is * a great writer . 
  i do n't know what he 's on about .
