  once the new estatut was written , it was approved in catalonia * with some modifications * but it was acceptable . 
  the text was sent to the spanish chamber for approval , promised by the spanish president . 
  * we did n't get that approval * . 
  the text was refused and heavily modified in order to pass through , which it finally did . 
  then , to give it some legitimacy , they let us accept it in a referendum , in which weirdly enough some of the spanish nationalists and catalan voted both `` no '' : the former beacause it was too much and the latter beacause it was too little . 
  well , we won the referendum and the text was approved . 
  or not . 
  beacause the spanish nationalists that protested and campaigned against it were backed by the pp , today 's ruling party in spain , who promtly sued the text and sent it to the `` constitutional tribunal '' in madrid beacause they thought that it went `` against the constitution '' . 
  the judges who worked there ( many affiliated to pp itself ) ruled that the text was `` unconstitutional '' and destroyed pretty much whatever they did n't get to erase in the spanish chamber `` negotiations '' before . 
  so this whole ordeal was what basically begun our massive demonstrations , [ in 2010 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/57/manifestaci%c3%b310j-293.jpg/300px-manifestaci%c3%b310j-293.jpg ) . 
  after that , every year , milions of people gather in barcelona every 11 of september , our national day , to demand independence . 
  that means that our independence movement is socially backed , and it 's society which is pushing politicians to demand a referendum , not the other way around , and this also explains how our independence movement came to action . 
  we saw that there was 0 bussiness to be done with the spanish government and by the way , in 2012 , after that whole thing had happened , our president went to madrid to ask for a fiscal pact , to try to calm us and show that we could negotiate . 
  they shut the door in his face and since then he has become an independentist too , even if the movement was originally backed just by the left-wing , which he was n't a part of . 
   do you acknowledge the right of spanish territorial integrity ? 
  yes , we 're not spain after all , they can do whatever they want . 
   do you acknowledge the right of all spanish citizens ( since there is no such thing as a catalan citizen ) to vote in an independence referendum ? 
  all the people living in catalonia under our census are catalan citizens ( maybe this term is n't correct , but all people who will vote in the elections serves better ) and have the indisputable right about deciding what happens in their own nation . 
   catalonia is owned by everyone in spain , not just the people who happen to live there . 
  false . 
  catalonia is owned by the catalans , currently under spanish jurisprudiction . 
  only catalans have a say in what happens there , that 's the unrefutable right of * self-determinations * recognised by the un . 
   catalan independence is a right wing racist anti-democratic movement that denies the rights of the spanish people . 
  you 're delusional and do n't know what 's happening here . 
  the main backers of independence are extreme-left and moderate left wingers . 
  inform yourself before comenting please and do n't spread lies . 
   the barcelona attack of 1714 was part of a spanish civil war , no an invasion of the evil spaniards against the independent nation of catalonia . 
  yes , it was an attack on the independent nation of the republic of catalonia . 
  with the treaty of utrecht in 1713 , we decided that if all our allies were to treason us and abandon us , we would take the example of the netherlands and become a republic . 
  that 's why the war here is sometimes referred to as `` the war of succession-seccession '' . 
  the war was fought to keep our costumes and rights against a french absolutist king who wanted to rule the country as a single state ( modern day spain ) from madrid , and we would not allow that . 
  if we could not press our claim of a hasburg king then we would become a republic as we did . 
  you should inform yourself before lecturing others about the history * of their own nation * . 
   catalonia was a foundational member of spain , as was castille , and leon , and andalusia . 
  spain became a state ( that is , a single political entity ) with the conquest of aragon by castille , as ratified in the treaty of nueva planta , in 1714 , as any reputable academic will tell you . 
  double kingoms like aragon-castille have always existed , like poland-lithuania , the kalmar union or the uk . 
  do n't manipulate history . 
   should i remember you that spanish is the mother tongue of more catalans than catalan itself ? 
  and ? 
  spanish is also part of catalan history . 
  * we do not discriminate here * . 
  uruguay speaks spanish and is n't part of spain is it ? 
  you should 've reminded them about that went they became independent and seen if they cared . 
   do you wan na be an independent country ? 
  go for it , i frankly beleive that is bad for you and bad for the rest of spain but it 's no my call to decide that , i 'm not catalan nor live there or have social links to the place , but spreading lies is not a good way or getting friends . 
  insulting and aggravating people like this is n't also a way of making friends . 
  well , but the governing body gets its power from the people , not the other way around , which is what madrid has been trying to do ever since they denied time and time again our request for a referendum . 
  if the catalans want to organize a referendum , they have a right to do so . 
  after all , who 's afraid of voting ? 
  it all sounds pretty dictatorial to me , honestly . 
   i think it 's crucially important for the other regions to support secession . 
  it is if they want to negotiate our exit , which could be beneficial for both parties . 
  they end up losing more than we do if they do n't want to negotiate : for example , we would n't assume any of spain 's debt and only pay our own ( which is below 30 % of gdp , a very nice figure ), 
  kosovo is n't in the eu and has never been though , this is not about international recognition but about being inside the eu, 
  so let me get this straight , your country would veto a free catalonia backed by a democratic mandate ... * and you would support it ? 
  * and if these people want to be independent , why not see why spain has failed to calm us down and try something ? 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't want to offend you in any way shape or form , but you just do n't understand what the right of selfdetermination means : it 's in it 's own name : self-determination . 
  that means that the nation ( in this case of catalonia ) , * itself * has the right to decide if it wants to be under spain or not . 
  and other spaniards have no say in what should happen to a nation that they do n't live in , as we would n't get a say in their region 's affairs . 
  spain is a multinational state , even if it 's not federated , by the way , just wanted to clear that out, 
  i 100 % agree with you , they just want to gain votes from the more nationalistic regions , who do n't want to give us anything and do n't bother to understand why we might be pissed off . 
  even after the whole estatut affair , mas just wanted a fiscal pact , and had the door closed on his face . 
  this is just ridicolous , i think they hoped to just ignore us until it blowed over ... and i must admit that they almost got what they wanted , but we managed to put us back togheter and organise these elections, 
   the only way catalonia would remain in the eu is if it does n't come down to a vote . 
  otherwise , romania would veto catalonia 's membership inheritance . 
  why ? 
  we 're already europeans and as you said , there 's no law or precedent for that . 
  i do n't know , but being outside the eu , even if i would n't like that , does n't sound so bad now, 
  well , it depends on how you look at it : spain has been a dictatorship from 1939 to 1975 , but with only two short exceptions ( the two republics ) , it has always been a monarchy . 
  catalonia by the way , has only been ruled by spain since 300 years ago , when in the 11th of september ( our national day of rememberance to the defenders of the city ) of 1714 , spanish troops conquered barcelona and catalonia , beggining the oppresion of the catalan people and their culture and language . 
  but then again , what difference history makes when a majority of the citizens want to do something ? 
  is n't that what democracy is all about ? 
  yeah but whoa , there will not be a far for this !, 
  * maaaaybe * one or two crazies in the army will do something , but i 'm pretty certain there wo n't be official state backing for that !, 
  otherwise , we would absolutely have european backing for eternity , which would n't be bad actually . 
  i see where you 're coming from though, 
   well is spain a federation ? 
  no it is n't . 
  it has `` autonomic comunities '' for each region , but all power derives from central state , which essentially decides anything  i can understand people are weary about breaking up your country . 
  that though , does n't supercede the will of the people wanting to be independent , catalonia will not be broken after all , and we have the right to self-determination . 
  exactly !, 
  adding to this , both parties lose if there 's no negotation , but if we were to declare ourselves independent we would n't have to assume any share of the spanish national debt , something that we could use as a leverage to negotiate a better exit . 
  we 've been trying to get a referendum for around 5 years now , but spain will never let us do one . 
  there is simply 0 political will , all the main parties in spain would lose votes if they agreed to give us one , beacause they would be `` giving us what we want '' especially if that involves `` breaking spain '' . 
  it 's pretty authoritarian in retrospective ( basically denying our right to vote ) , but that 's spanish politics for you . 
  once we win , we 'll declare ourselves independent between 6 and 8 months . 
  yes !, 
  one of our main demands is something as obvious as `` the laws should draw it 's power from the people , not the other way around '' !, 
  a constitution should n't have the power to block the rights from the citizens its supposed to protect and so we shall ignore it and become independent if we win the elections ( changing it is impossible , there 's no political will in madrid to do and there will never be ), 
  it is our only policy yes , the main independentist parties have agreed to join forces and do just that . 
  referendums are forbbiden in spain when it 's about seccession , and no matter what we try ( we 've been at it for years ) we wo n't get one, 
  yup !, 
  people do n't even know what they are talking about when they see something about catalonia and just assume that it 'll be bad for us no matter what . 
  do they really think that we 're so stupid as to go and reach this point * supporting a movement for years that will apparently fuck us up * ? 
  really , cmon !, 
  thank you for this answer !, 
  i really appreciate the support , we 're pretty misunderstood here !, 
  then you just shown you do n't know crap about catalan history and our 300 hundred years of spanish oppression . 
  of course there 's economic gain in becoming independent , but there 's also our culture , language ( 10m speakers and not official in the eu ) and history involved, 
  it 's pretty sad sometimes .
