  * catalan is in recognised !, 
  we might not be official language , but who cares !, 
  * ^ ^ also ^ ^ feli\u00e7 ^ ^ any ^ ^ nou !, 
   catalonia will get a referendum on independence . 
  if only ... 
  same here . 
  some claim to speak french , but never try :p, 
  and is that supposed to be more belivable than statal data ? 
  or less biased ? 
  i ca n't see how, 
  or we continue doing what we are doing with the immersi\u00f3 ling\u00fc\u00edstica which is working and teach the non-catalan speaking kids the language ? 
  ... and around we go ... again ? 
  * i 'm not disputing the native speakers thing * , what i 'm saying is that only mentioning that number is disingenuous for the reasons that i just told you, 
  and i 've told you again and again * that you only use the native speakers number to prove a point * , since given the unique circunstances of diglosia in catalonia ( franco , huge migrations toward us , etc. ), 
  it shows an skeewed reality that does n't correlate with what happens here . 
  as i said , citing native speakers ignores the fact that a very big chunk of the catalan speakers in catalonia were taught the language in the schools , since their parents did n't speak it , and they are not native speakers . 
  what is important though , ** and you did n't mention , is that 78 % of the people living in catalonia speak catalan ** . 
  a fact that you yourself can see in your own wikipedia article . 
  stop twisting the facts, 
  oh of course !, 
  we can only vote * what they want !, 
  * this is pure democracy right ? 
  of course it 's from the generalitat . 
  they 're peer reviewed too , and central gov does n't refute them . 
  this is n't a point of discussion i 'm afraid . 
  i mean , we 're the ones paying , so we kinda have to know how much to pay you know ? 
  was n't talking about you though , i was talking about him . 
  you actually rebutted my arguments , he just insulted and ignored, 
  madrid , beacause it is the capital , has by far the biggest investment rate of state interest , that is , things like administration etc , which are n't accounted for in the communities fiscal deficit . 
  that 's why they do n't complain . 
  and please , stop being a hypocrite : answer in english and , if you do n't want to belive the 15000m for catalonia , why * do you belive the data of the same study for madrid ? 
  yeah , beacause the total number of speakers is the highest in history right ? 
  using native speakers , specially in catalonia * is dishonest * , given that a great percentage of speakers learnt it in school due to being sons of spanish internal immigrants who obviously still do n't speak catalan . 
  catalan needs protection yes , but it wo n't dissapear . 
  we 've got 11m speakers for fucks sake, 
  and both problems would be solved either thanks to independence or fiscal pact . 
  obviously spain says no to both ( referendum on the former ) , so yeah . 
  paying around 15.000 m $ each year without reinvestment is no fun . 
  meanwhile , the state `` saves '' us through the fla ( fiscal liquidity fund for communities ) , basically paying the debt that they themselves created thanks to us having to send them money . 
  so since we 're dependent on this fund ( wich has interest rates of course , it is n't free money ) they get to implicitly control and overrule the decisions that our goverment takes . 
  what a fucking joke of a country . 
  no snow this year eh ? 
  how sad must it be : /, 
  * right to vote ? 
  we ca n't have that in our country can we now ... what would paco think !, 
  i mean , i did go to scotland this summer thinking that i could just use those short pants you know ? 
  but it was 15\u00ba tops , on august !, 
  this is n't a summer ... thankfully i did bring one set of jeans so problem solved . 
  so yeah , it 's more or less the same at 30\u00ba positive , though not as extreme . 
  usually people should stop phyisical activity at maybe 35\u00ba or more , and of course never stand around in the sun at midday if you do n't want to be knocked out , especially if you are n't from around here or are a kid/old person . 
  well this is awkward ... 
  then you turn on the ac . 
  no biggie, 
  here we 're usually over 70 % humidity in the summer , and it does usually go over 30\u00ba . 
  so yeah . 
  but it 's never as bad as being at 10\u00ba or under :p, 
   opening windows in such temperatures causes clouds to form instantly in your room ( video for demonstration ) but the air itself is n't that unpleasant , since moisture is usually very low - as long as you have warm clothes you will be fine ( just watch out for mouth - lipstick or something similar is very useful ) . 
  ... wot . 
  alright ... that 's ... something . 
  and yeah , living next to a river and a sea has its ups and downs . 
  while the mediterranean does equalize quite a lot the temperatures ( never higher than 38 or so , never lower than 4 ) it has the side-effect of giving us quite a lot of air moisture . 
  you learn to live with it , but it 's certainly a danger factor for old people and kids, 
  poor people . 
  i usually do n't think about these things , i take my climate for granted . 
  it must be nice to see snow more than once every 5 years though, 
  ... what . 
  are you literally a ghost ? 
  and of course , you should never ever stand on the sun for more than half an hour on sunny days of summer . 
  i guess living here you learn those things though, 
  well yeah , but you are n't born clothed ya know ? 
  on the other hand , you tend to dress * less prudently * the closer to 30\u00ba you get and still , i wear t-shirt and pants in those temperatures . 
  until 40 or so it does n't start to get truly hot, 
  i mean : '' polar jackets and gloves , sweaters , snow boots , scarfs , ushankas '' . 
  is n't this kinda antinatural of sorts ? 
  on the other hand , i do n't have to wear anything :p, 
  ... wtf . 
  30\u00ba is literally nothing , is n't -30 \u00ba medically dangerous ? 
  you have to get hypotermia at least in those temperatures, 
  this very much is a powder keg . 
  nobody really knows what will happen , so let 's see, 
  o : i knew it !, 
  it 's also like that in spain * except in catalonia , beacause we 're sensible people and celebrate christmas on christmas day :p *, 
  are they trying to speak the language of the other ? 
  this is great :p, 
  bon nadal !, 
  and probably half of all the undergraduates in the degree ( the ones that pass the subjects ) :p, 
  projects are an object of interest among architects , sometimes even more than real buildings , beacause they are n't inhibitted by the constraints of reality, 
  ... it 's obviously a linguistic expression . 
  but of course , if you want to build such a thing , you need an architect and a building project begins at the drawing table , always, 
  i mean , it 's not the best thing ever and they have their flaws , but at least it 's not the literal constant propaganda machine that is the spanish statal television . 
  so yeah , woo tv3 !, 
  * we are opressed minority !, 
  of please send help !, 
  [ so kinda like loulogio then :p ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yby_mik9ik0 ), 
  why ? 
  we have pretty much nothing in common with russia , and people still remember the ukranian takeover and the homophobia, 
  nothing further from the truth !, 
  in fact catalans * switch instantaneously to spanish * even while speaking to other catalan speakers just beacause the other guy started speaking spanish * beacause he feared that someone might not understand him * . 
  fact is : if everyone speaks spanish and only some catalan chances are everyone will understand you in spanish , so why risk it . 
  it 's an old habit that we 're trying to get rid off,
