  while more and more money is siphoned off the pension 's general fund ... 
  he does try , the article mentions this :  northern irish , scottish , basque , catalan and italian secessionists have been invited to moscow for a conference , partly funded by russia , planned for august . 
  they will mingle with texan , californian , puerto-rican and hawaiian wannabe-separatists from all over the world , the conference organizer says . 
  and yet i 've have n't heard anything at all about this . 
  no major catalan independentist party would accept that and the article does n't mention names , so they 've probably invited some nobodies . 
  ... sooo what 's the point of this post ? 
  to paint us in a bad light as russian `` spais '' ? 
  the fuck ? 
  i have n't even heard of this , not even on tv . 
  there 's idiots everywhere i guess ... 
  same thing here . 
  putin is overwhelmingly hated, 
  i mean yeah you 're right , we do n't use the correct word for that , but we both know what we mean . 
  i guess it 's what we understand for native here ? 
  we mean `` what you talk at your own home '' . 
  basically the bilingual situation here in catalonia is so standarized that it 's expected to already be native catalan and spanish so it makes no sense . 
  it 's a pretty unique context due to its extreme degree too . 
  well yeah , but by that i mean the commonly used language , there 's data for that , he 's been throwing out charts and all . 
  if we take into account what you say ( which is true , btw ) then it makes even more sense to make catalan speakable in spain . 
  since , you know , it 's the native language of * even * more people than those who normally only use it ( also , catalan only areas do exist and are common outside of big cities , even in places like vic for example ), 
  that 's really sad honestly . 
  culture and language go hand in hand , we should be in favour of a culturally-rich europe . 
  we are n't the us ( as in , we do n't just speak english ) , we should promote our diversity . 
  after what ? 
  it was before you showed that chart . 
  in the comment that you linked i was speaking about us the people who have catalan as a native language , that 's why i also acknowledged spanish and aranese just after it . 
  ... is that ... a pun ? 
  [ for a big chunk of the catalan population ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4u3v7z/catalonians_in_favour_of_independence_now/d5nx72d ), 
  ... did i ever say otherwise ? 
  i do remember stating that in a future republic spanish would be used, 
  that data is from 2013 btw , not 2008 . 
  and obviously francoism has harmed the catalan language , but you 're still ignoring 36,29 % of the total population , since they want to speak in catalan and ca n't . 
  aranese here represents 0,02 % of the usual language used in catalonia and [ yet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymg2b7mmj8k ) . 
  no , you do n't get it . 
  yes , spanish is official and ? 
  a native language is the language you grew up with , and for a big chunk of catalonia 's population that language is catalan and not spanish . 
  we are forced to learn it beacause we live in spain and that 's it . 
   but i wo n't be able to speak in french , so you will be repressing me , acording to your rhetoric . 
  i ca n't believe that you ask me if is so hard to comprehend to me , as everything you says is against reality and common sense . 
  ... alright mate , whatever you say . 
  official language = / = native language . 
  you seem to think that spain is a nation-state with just one language and one culture and that everyone likes speaking spanish etc etc. 
  yet you 're the one that tries to lecture people about `` reality and common sense '' . 
  i [ heard that before somewhere ... ] ( https://blogdehistoriaderafa.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/habla-espac3b1ol-catalunya-1940.jpg ), 
  united in diversity is europe 's motto , they could very easily speak english if they so desired . 
  spanish is not our native language , our native language is catalan . 
  the official languages of a future catalan republic will be the same as now : aranese , catalan and spanish . 
  all recognised and able to use in any chamber as they are now . 
  is it so hard to comprehend ? 
  well not repressing in a. . . violent sense ? 
  but it is linguistic repression to not allow us to speak in our mother tongue . 
  same reason the euro chambers allow multiple languages , it 's called diversity and spain does n't like it . 
  they can employ translators if they want . 
  it 'll cost .0000000 % of what they spend on stupid shit anyway . 
  a lot of catalans only speak spanish beacause we were forced to learn it at school beacause , belive it or not , there 's this little thing called `` catalan culture '' that exists . 
  oh really ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  conquerer of all, 
  about 80 % of catalans speak catalan . 
  so does 80 % of balears and about 60 % of valencians . 
  and that 's not counting northern catalonia and the franja regions . 
  this is n't about independence mate , it 's about respecting your mother tongue . 
  united in diversity is eu 's motto . 
  i do n't know how much sense it makes to use english after uk 's `` exit '' . 
  obviously catalan is official in catalonia, 
  we were talking assuming that it passes of course . 
  either we cover all major languages in the eu ( and catalan is one of those btw , it has 11,5 m speakers ) or we do n't cover any . 
  about things that * i did n't say * ? 
  yeah , good job . 
  ... did you even read my fucking comment ? 
  my god, 
   yeah that 's the spirit . 
  major decision that will impact your life for decades upon decades to come ? 
  why analyse the consequences before hand when you can dive in and just take it in as you go . 
  darn brexiters are exactly like independentists i see . 
  no foreplanning . 
  just based on good will and free spirit . 
  i say that beacause i do n't want to argue with you . 
  it 's pointless . 
   please tell me you know aragon is not part of catalonia . 
  spain has plenty of access through aragon.through san sebastian . 
  if we can build a tunnel under the sea , they can make a highway on mountains . 
  in sum : feels  reals . 
  good job dude on convicing people on why catalonian independence is an awesome thing . 
  aragon just does not have the infraestructure and neither has donosti . '', 
  if we can build a tunnel under the sea , they can make a highway on mountains . '', 
  you have no clue about construction work and how long it takes to do such a project . 
  you know what the war of succession was about right ? 
  the crown of aragon did n't want him as king , they wanted another guy , so he conquered them and abolished both castille and aragon creating the modern spanish state . 
  what you say assumes that * he was their king * before that . 
  that 's why he mentions the right of conquest . 
  catalonia was n't independent at the time , but the crown existed , with its own army , laws , etc. 
  ( the furs ) , which were abolished upon annexation . 
  well then , we 'll see how it goes . 
  we 'll see how much spain values having access to the rest of the continent . 
  yeah no . 
  it will go like this : 1 ) we organize the referendum 2a ) it does n't work beacause the unionists boycott it/we lose it 2b ) it works and we win it 3 ) with international negotiation ( eu ) , spain acknowledges the result and we iniciate the secession process , during which we are still part of the eu 4a ) an agreement is reached in which we are still part of the eu so we keep it that way , the most probable option 4b ) we are no longer part of the eu , we follow norway 's stance . 
  you 're out of your mind if you think the army will get involved . 
  it 's funny that you talk about `` common sense '', 
   yeah what will happen is spain will ignore the vote . 
  like it has done before .
