[ take your pick . 
  ] ( https://www.google.ca/search?sourceid=chrome-psyapi2&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;q=ireland%27s%20population%20before%20the%20famine&amp;oq=ireland%27s%20population%20before%20&amp;aqs=chrome.0.0j69i57j0.11250j0j7 ), 
  scotland 's population was never comparable with england , so `` far behind '' does n't make sense here . 
  three principle things : * the famine * british misrule * mass emigration to escape both of the above . 
  when i say `` british misrule '' that 's a blanket topic to cover things like catholics being forced into subsistence farming on land that could only grow potatoes ( thus utterly eliminating their food source when the blight hit ) , the irish not being permitted to change what food they were growing during and after the blight ( which made things worse ) , the continued exporting of food ( under force of arms ) to england during the famine , longstanding discrimination against irish catholics prohibiting them from learning trades or occupations which offered them escape from the trap of subsistence farming , and the [ penal laws . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/penal_laws_ ( ireland ) ), 
  we 'd essentially be taiwan . 
  probably a population of about 20 million , maybe more . 
  bare in mind that ireland back in the 1840s was ** half ** the population of england , as opposed to today where it 's less than a tenth . 
  the place would be almost unrecognizable . 
  i feel a vague connectiveness with all living things . 
  yes , even * you , * the reader !, 
  ^ ^ ^ now ^ ^ ^ we 're ^ ^ ^ connected ... 
  tough there up on the cross , is it ? 
  oh god imagine the pleasure of his next visit to an eu member state poses for a photo-op in front of a wall just festooned with his gay-clown picture . 
   fair enough . 
  i do n't see why we need the eu to do these things though . 
  would belgium normally care a lot for the culture of ireland ? 
  would you invest in infrastructure here or allow your citizens to travel freely to see kilarney or kells ? 
   that 's no reason to compromise . 
  i 'm used to a reasonably non corrupt federal government . 
  i 'd like to keep it that way . 
  then we agree !, 
   the eu does engage in protectionism though . 
  both are tools to be used in trade , but i suppose this is going off on a tangent . 
  to the extent that every nation or trading bloc does . 
  but this * is * a tangent , so i 'll drop it . 
   we are in shitholes like afghanistan because of our own choosing . 
  we went into iraq and afghanistan because the us asked us to come against the protest of our own citizens . 
  come on now . 
   but that 's because we 're too cheap to do it ourselves . 
  i agree . 
   so instead of an alliance which only calls to war when an ally is attacked , you want an eu army which can project power ? 
  okay now you 're just being willfully dishonest . 
  nato is n't a power projection tool ? 
  any sovereign army is n't a power projection tool ? 
  that 's a false equivalency and you know it man . 
  any army is potentially a power projection tool , as it should be . 
  the people who dictate * when that power is used by europe * should be europeans , not washington . 
   the eu has no mandate to provide `` stability and protection to the world '' . 
  nor does anybody . 
  this is me stating what i want an eu defense force to be capable of and to provide to the world . 
  safety , security , order . 
  so that people do n't have to be afraid of another ukraine , georgia , afganistan or iraq . 
   that happened as a direct result to eu expansionism . 
  is that a joke ? 
  are you seriously blaming putin unilaterally invading his closest ally * on the people turning towards the european union ? 
  * them wanting to follow the path of their fellow former-warsaw pact members like poland , estonia , latvia , lithuania , bulgaria and romania in joining the eu , a stable economic bloc , fighting against governmental and judicial corruption and prejudicial influence from moscow is a * bad thing * ? 
  i ca n't even rationalize that . 
  it 's their right for a better world too . 
  it 's the same choice we all made . 
  it 's the choice for fairness , for opportunity for themselves , their children and their country . 
  to fight back against corruption and unfairness . 
  and * they chose it . 
  * their opinion has been pro-union for years ; it 's what got yanukovych elected in the first place , and turning against that promise is what got him ousted . 
  there 's only one person empire building here , and he 's the guy to our east , and he 's exactly the reason we need to be united and strong against him and his kind . 
  i 'm just getting caught up in this thread but if you 're seriously trying to insinuate that distancing themselves from russia is n't a major motivating factor for its former client states then i do n't know what to tell you . 
   is it though ? 
  a simple question deserves a simple answer : yes . 
  it 's built into the brickwork of the union . 
  it sponsors restoration projects , infrastructure , cultural events , contributes to heritage sites and promotes cross-borders travel and investigation . 
   the eu needs serious democratic reform before i can back it as an institution . 
  i agree . 
  but i 've suffered through far worse as far as unfair representation goes . 
   i 'm not against protectionism , it can work if done correctly , so sure , i 'll give you that one . 
  collective bargaining is n't protectionism . 
  those are two very separate things . 
   is nato not sufficient for this ? 
  do you believe it 's sufficient ? 
  nato is primarily supplied by america and principally protects american interests and , where they overlap , those of her allies , to an uncertain degree . 
  i 'd rather have europe protect europe 's interests and have the ability to provide stability and protection to the world through cooperation and , if necessary , force . 
  i 'd rather not see disasters like ukraine happen again on our doorstep , and a strong , unified body would prevent this . 
  i 'm not mr. ireland , but i 'd like to think so . 
  i 'm guessing all we export are whiskey , guinness and boy bands so yeah , we do n't do a lot . 
  i mean why * would * they want closer ties ? 
  russia is absolutely abysmal at foreign relations and has nothing to offer them to tempt them closer . 
  they 're already getting gas . 
  there 's nothing moscow can induce them with . 
  i 'm down for now , but i also do n't think that `` now or never '' refers to `` right now . '', 
  i think over the coming years will be the time for the eu to define itself further in relation to other players on the international stage . 
  how we can represent ourselves next to china and india , the us , russia and turkey , the middle east and north africa are going to shape how we view ourselves . 
  i think we should be strong and united in what we say , and i hope we can all find common ground to do that on . 
  i do n't agree . 
  our issue was with oppression of our people , our language , our culture and misrepresentation and misrule in governance . 
  the european union is all about celebration of european culture and heritage , fair representation and collective bargaining for the greater good . 
  that 's something i 'm all for . 
  doubly so when we 're surrounded by a future filled with superpowers and despots . 
  lovely sentiment worthy of repeating . 
  that 's very sweet !, 
  we need a composite captain europe ; paddy cap , italian masque , clogs , lederhosen , matador cape , hussar wings and one of those stripes french shirts . 
  i 'd choose `` unite '' personally speaking . 
  they 're saying the bbc , which staffs question time with britain first members , is biased * against * brexit ? 
  while i do n't agree ( based on the fact that i have n't read them yet - again , mobile ) it 's couched in the fact that people have been removed from the party for reasons relating to xenophobia , and/or have been seen to join even harder right parties after having left . 
  most other parties do n't have to deal with this kind of problem . 
  it 's become a definitive characteristic of ukip . 
  the fact that you 've on your got a list of 12 counts against them would be to most people sufficiently representative of their character . 
  oh-hoh-hoh man , i 'm on mobile right now so i ca n't link this but just google ( i 'd letmegooglethatforyou but again , on mobile ) ukip racist controversy . 
  you 'll get a list of stuff farage has said , a list of the group 's controversial moments , a list of members statements , a list of supporters statements , take your pick !, 
  even better , take them all together !, 
  you 're misremembering it then .
