ofc . 
  there is not government suppression , but it did put a player in a position where he is unsigned even though there are far worse players on rosters around the league . 
  in the hyper partisan atmosphere of the us , that is not surprising . 
  fwiw , nixon had 25 % the day he resigned . 
  we actually have some of the higher liquor prices because of our regressive tax scheme . 
  sup sweden, 
  the aca does not need to go whatsoever . 
  only a fool would say this . 
  it 's a reference to the soviets sending tanks into hungary to stop the 56 revolution going on there . 
  so someone who defended that action by the soviets is a `` tankie . '', 
  has evolved to generally refer to people who defend the worst aspects of various communist regimes . 
  if you are a stupid fucking moron , sure . 
  you can argue that mitch mcconnell destroyed norms in the senate to block obama 's nomination of garland though . 
  because our state department has been crippled with hundreds of senate confirmable positions not even having nominees let alone being voted on . 
  you ca n't exactly wield soft power if the state department is crippled . 
  might be the sole time you would see the people of dc cheer on a republican, 
  you just gave the nyt editorial board a chubbie, 
  lotta salmon for the salish peoples . 
  one does not vote for the dnc you ignoramus . 
  the best gifs . 
  tremendous . 
  salt and vinegar is a god send . 
  how necessary is the egg . 
  cant stand hard boiled eggs . 
  i really hate these videos . 
  look , dealing with this hellish nightmare is bad enough, 
  can i blame the germans then ? 
  there were some other differences . 
  like what the liturgical language is . 
  because he is a sick man . 
  hillary kinda had an awkward public persona . 
  she 's a wonk at heart . 
  because freedom of speech is not absolute . 
  germany has a different standard than the us . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  also gave us that sweet sweet loan money . 
  mmmm . 
  my view of the quasi war was that washington wanted desperately not to be dragged into the perpetual european conflict , with some in his administration being more pro-britain ( hamilton ) or pro-france ( jefferson ) but ultimately siding with the more hamiltonian faction to get a peace accord with great britain . 
  then dumping the deteriorating relations with france onto his successor . 
  the french also pressed our sailors though . 
  quasi war never 4get, 
  i for one will never forgive the actions of talleyrand . 
  he forever stained the american french relationship . 
  and not the stupidest phenomenon this country has produced . 
  chirac 's refusal to go along with bush did not help , even if chirac was right to do so . 
  i do not believe russia directly helped in the same way that france , spain , and the netherlands did . 
  the armed neutrality thing helped a good bit for sure . 
  dont forget the dutch and spanish, 
  `` know '', 
  grats germans, 
  sometimes authorial intent does n't matter . 
  not that i agree with said uh ... interpretation above . 
  the shire always seemed to me to be tolkein 's idealized english countryside without any industrialization more than anything . 
  my favorite thing is seeing leftie nut job oliver stone hock his bullshit on fox and either right wing outlets . 
  it means he has no guiding principles . 
  he proposes protectionist policies ? 
  so what , he will not adhere to these . 
  he said he would protect medicare and medicaid and yet `` pushes '' a bill that would eviscerate these . 
  the moment congress decides to maintain the status quo trade policies he will adhere to the status quo . 
  trump has no north star . 
  he is not going to be protectionist because his cronies wo n't let it happen and nor would congress . 
  paul ryan is too mastabtory about his neoliberal vision to let it happen . 
  always liked the french one the most . 
  then there 's hail columbia . 
  you can be both neoconservative and neoliberal . 
  bush 's neoconservative fp views did not stop him from pursing and having a neoliberal economic outlook . 
  trump is not going to be protectionist . 
  neo-liberal and neo-conservative are not mutually exclusive fucking terms . 
  you mean a democrat in a competitive race for a +30 r district ? 
  so glad mosquitoes are rare where i am . 
  very liberal of you, 
  so which german established the rule of two in this timeline then, 
  tremendous cakes . 
  get on that shit . 
  i know that feel, 
  levitical law isnt for gentiles, 
  ayyyyy, 
  literally the only competent republican is mitch mcconnell and i hate that turtle looking fuck . 
  i might have to kill myself . 
  i dont think erdogan is that stupid, 
  yeah i voted for inslee because republicans here are stupidly anti-transit , but he was never exciting or interesting . 
  as if i care what mouthbreathers like you do . 
  `` kneecap our economy '' oh go shove it up your asshole, 
  never imagined i would end up being this happy to have voted for inslee, 
  now would be a good time to dismantle nato . 
  ~ ~ state controlled education ~ ~ education as a right . 
  how about this . 
  voting for a man who bragged about raping women and getting away with it because he is wealthy is indefensible . 
  oh okay , that makes more sense . 
  wait , who controls your central bank ? 
  our mountains sure do though . 
  issue is he comes after tillerson in the line of succession . 
  ryan is a loathsome toad . 
  only acceptable person in the line of succession is the president . 
  temp. , and even he is blegh . 
  he is not a fan . 
  attended several of the general anti-trump rallies . 
   level-headed , semi-nerdy accountant-in-chiefs who are unlikely to get themselves into a scandal . 
  god that gives me a chub . 
  i do not know why , but seeing `` mr. trump 's america '' is a single phrase that has hit home the most about the fact he is the president of my country .
