  it means that our democracy is capable to defend itself . 
  but i still do n't see the point sorry . 
  honest ? 
  if the law of the country say it is enough then yes !, 
  but then the problem could lay in the law and should be adjusted as soon as possible . 
   they are saying that it 's ironic this attitude is coming from germany considering hitler was elected by the german people . 
  right and germany took responsibility for it , so ? 
   i do n't know what you mean by a country should be responsible though . 
  are you saying the population as a whole needs to be informed on who they are voting for and should vote the right people ? 
  because that 's kind of a victimless crime . 
  normally the people of the country are the first victims if you vote for a madmen . 
  there are enough current political figures around who would fit the bill . 
   i think politics in general is manipulative and tries to influence people to make gut decisions on who they vote for . 
  in a perfect world most of the country would inform themselves on the candidates and vote for the best while being as unbiased as they can . 
  unfortunately this is n't how any country really works . 
  it 's also easy to say `` you guys should n't have voted them in '' but when this happens in plenty of democratic countries maybe it 's more of a systematic problem . 
  sorry , but again this are just excuses . 
  you have to reach a certain age to vote . 
  in this age , you have the responsibility to inform you , who you vote . 
  if you do n't do that and it is to late , again , it is your fault , because you did n't inform yourself . 
  in the age of the internet it is easier than ever . 
   this problem is especially noticable in america . 
  we have 2 presidential nominees with horrible approval rating , but the way the system is put in place they are the two that rightfully won the position they are in . 
  i imagine whoever takes office this november , a majority of the country wo n't feel responsible for the fuck up because they did n't even get to vote for their first choice . 
  first of all , do n't you guy have 4 candidates ? 
  okay but then they have to ask themself , what was going wrong . 
  and i really hate if people say , they are not responsible , because again it is just an excuses . 
  you are an american ( i assume ) , of course you are responsible for your country . 
  but hey i am not responsible for it , so i ca n't do anything against it right ? 
  no , if he want to ask a question relevant to the topic i will answer ( if i have time  . < ), 
  about what ? 
  while true , it is a complete different topic . 
  i understand all that and i also understand why he got voted , but in my opinion a country is responsible for his goverments action . 
  you may not voted for him , but he is still your president . 
  i do n't have a problem with the philippine people ( not even with them who voted for him ) , but for me it is pretty simple , he insults us , then he do n't need our aid anymore . 
  wow , that is a stupid comment . 
  suspending foreign aid is the same as genocide for you ? 
  wow !, 
  and as a german born 1982 i am not allowed to critic other countries ? 
  as a german whose father was born after the end of the second world war ? 
  he got the most votes . 
  as far as i know , the votes where not manipulated . 
  he is now your president and you have to live with it . 
  you also have to live with the consequences his actions will bring to you , because he is still your democratic voted president . 
  everytime some democratic elected leader fucks up , people are screaming `` it is not our fault ! '', 
  and it gets me so angry , because , yes it is your fault !, 
  you voted for him now live with it and accept the consequences . 
  yes it sucks if you voted for the our guy , but then you should have done more to convince more people to your side !, 
  and yes sometimes it is not possible , but to scream `` it is not our fault ! '', 
  is just a lazy excuse, 
  but 52 % voted for brexit ... would you prefer if the majority of people get ignored because of reasons ? 
  people will vote for dump things/candidates . 
  it is the reason why churchill once said `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others '', 
  but still the majority voted for him ... and 39 % of 5 candidates is a `` great '' result, 
  and ? 
  they voted him , so it is their responsibility . 
  oh and i thought this people are in the refugee camps because a dictator was torturing children , which cause a uproar on the streets of syria , which started a civil war in which countless parties are involved ? 
  wrong countries like poland , czech and slovakia started the refugee crisis . 
  the huge movement of refugees came after the food rations in the refugee camps had to be halved , because this countries and others did n't paid their fair share . 
  edit source : https://www.oxfam.org/sites/www.oxfam.org/files/file_attachments/bn-syria-fair-shares-analysis-010216-en.pdf, 
  lol now i image a table in a dark pub in brussel and whoever gets the craziest story published get his/her drinks payed by the others, 
  you may not be important , but you are well liked . 
  germany became important and hated . 
  okay , but spain , portugal and italy have a lot more school days and also hot summer ? 
  could you explain , why greece failed so hard ? 
  and why do you have so less school ? 
  one reason could be , that math is equal in every language . 
  a diktat in german , english and japanese can be very different in the difficulty , while it would be the same text only in a different language . 
  but not illegal oo, 
   or he 's so clever he openly admits it while maintaining plausible deniability i do n't like him , but orban is not stupid . 
  he played merkel in the refugee crisis like a flute . 
  and now , poland and hungrary both says there are only because of the money in the eu and everyone , no no it is all a culture thing ... 
  could someone please explain it to me ? 
  we send martin sonneborn , you send micheal farage ... you should also have send a satirist !, 
  right , happend sometimes after they get some informations . 
  happen also if they try to catch all the burglar . 
  yes , i also remember when france was pushing in germany for hard reform , but i would n't say it was like vichy, 
  no , more like something like germany and france . 
  while i want to beat them up while screaming `` get your shit together france ! '', 
  our cooperation so far is pretty good, 
  the problem is there should n't be a diskussion because the road was clear when this countries joined . 
  but even so what pisses me also off , is that they do n't give any realistic alternative !, 
  screaming that everything is bullshit is easy , solving the bullshit is the hard part and yes , i see the irony that i also scream everything is bullshit right now, 
   we had to gurantee for grenze debts , while reddit think that it is germanys fault  how exactly is that something solidary?you did n't give greece any money for free , they are paying you interests and their country ( and most of southern europe ) has been suffering due to the disastrous monetary policy set by germany.not that there should n't be reforms in southern europe , but this morality bullshit has to stop . 
  yeah , because they will pay the money back some day . 
  and if we look at it , the get free money . 
  there are multiple hidden payments cuts . 
  if greece do n't like the conditions germany offers the money they could get it from someone else ... you know , germany was the only country who was forced to join the euro and so we just wanted that it would be stable without printing money and that we wont have to finance other countries ... 
  it works great so far ...  we helped greece and hungary while they got flooded with refugee , we did n't recieve any help from the eu  that was a unilateral decision taken by merkel , what 's exactly the blame you 're trying to pin down on the eu?not that i think eastern europe greedy attitude has been correct , but still . 
   if you 're interested , here in spain we suffered a migration crisis before anyone else http://www.lavozdegalicia.es/espana/2015/06/22/0003_201506g22p17991.htm and we solved it by paying millions to senegal and mauritania.no help expected from the eu , in fact only criticism about `` poor migrants '' by northern europeans.yet we did n't create any afd nor blame it on the eu right and the reaction from the eu countries ( including germany ) was disgusting . 
  but image merkel had closed the borders and had started to work on an eu wide solution , do you think we had the solution now and what would that be for a messsage for greece , who had to support the refugees in there current economically situation ? 
  should n't the eu help in such a situation or should everyone look at his own ass ? 
  and the afd was created because of the bailout of the piigs countries ( how i hate this term )  than germany and france tried to get peace to ukraine , because of that we sanctioned russia which hurted our econemy  so what?it 's not like anyone benefits economically from the sanctions , but we need them to remain safe.the sanctions were implemented while germany had near full employment while in spain the unemployment was about 25 % , who do you think suffered more ? 
  hmm okay i do n't know enough about the the spain / russian trade to say something about , but my point is , we had a pretty good relationship with russia to the point and throw it all away because it was the right thing to do , but i do n't think that this mentalit\u00e4t is very common in the current eu ps wirting on a tablet suckt, 
  hungary and polen would the first one come to mind . 
  i had a disscusion here with a polish guy who said he do n't care about democracy as long their living standard rise . 
  i have no problem with supporting other countries , i have a problem , that everyone think they have a right that germany pay for them . 
  i through about the headlines from br\u00fcssel of the last years and i could n't think of something positiv for germany . 
  we had to gurantee for grenze debts , while reddit think that it is germanys fault . 
  we helped greece and hungary while they got flooded with refugee , we did n't recieve any help from the eu .
