  while reddit think , that is our fault . 
  than germany and france tried to get peace to ukraine , because of that we sanctioned russia which hurted our econemy . 
  nothing i could think of was positiv . 
  the eu is only about how can i suck the most out of it and right now , germany is the one get sucked at , maybe it is france in 10 years but the construct right now is bullshit and i would prefer a complete new solution, 
  yes , the eu was once a great project but not anymore . 
  you had to grab an event from more than 25 years ago , which was n't even about the eu . 
  i am so angry about what the eu has become in the recent years it was once a great project and became a shitshow, 
  should i insult you too ? 
  no i was a year ago a huge fan of the eu , but through the refugee crisis it became clear that a big chunk of the eu is only there to grab money . 
  it is not only about money , ask yourself , if germany need help tomorrow , which netto reciever countries would help us ? 
  question , is someone surprised ? 
  the amount of anti german rhetorik from the polish is insane, 
  bullshit , the eu should be about friendship and cooperation and not who can get the most money from germany !, 
  every month i see our european friend i want the afd more and more, 
  we germans becomes more and more the slaves of the eu ... 
  as soon as portuguese tax payer are forced to guarantee for german debts , yes then you can answer that ... 
  german trade with other eu countries are pretty even ... 
  right with crazy theories like this . 
  you could take them serious and some people will look at them and say `` hey , he is right ! '', 
  or you laugh at them and people will think `` what a clown ! '' . 
  imo you ca n't fight this propaganda with arguments , because this propaganda are n't arguments they are half truth and conspiracy theories . 
  and ? 
  he is stupid , laugh and live on , you ca n't change the fact there are a lot of idiots out there, 
  that is no hj symbol , that is tetris camouflage :d, 
   putin even said himself that an attack on nato would be suicide . 
  and we like this status , so we send our planes to the baltics to remember mr. putin , that an attack on one is an attack on all . 
  special is not equal good ... special can be a bad thing, 
  yes , big sport events are the `` get out of jail , free '' - card of politics, 
  german wages rise the fastest since a long time . 
  now tax breaks would be owls to athen . 
  more policies is a good thing , but not an investment more like something we should have done a long time ago . 
  what i want to say , for example we should n't built an airport in berlin right now and waited for a time with a weaker economy . 
  ... and i am pretty sure berlin can survive another year or ten without a new airport, 
  invest , yes but very careful ... maybe i sounded different i have no problem with investments , but carefully . 
  let say we have a damaged bridge ( impossible i know , but let us imaging that ) . 
  we have now 2 option repair it for 10 millions , but it would be rebuilded in 10 years , or rebuild it now for 100 million . 
  right now we should repair it and in let 's say 5 years when something happen , then it is the right time to rebuild it . 
  right now we should invest in new companies etc. 
  yes , but tax breaks ... not now sorry, 
  and there is another problem inefficient gouvernement spending . 
  it should be to pots . 
  it should be prioritized . 
  but that would be to offtopic . 
  hyperinflation and bankruptcy and no world war 2 . 
  so saving for world peace !, 
   greece gave money to the people through tax cuts ( or better let the people take tax cuts ) , employing a lot of people and giving the people high wages . 
  all that would be similar to tax cuts . 
  okay this is maybe a little over the top , but tax cuts are n't the wunderwaffe against a weak economy or for a better economy it should be the result of a working and stable economy . 
  while our economy is working great i do n't trust the stable part . 
  you must be the only one , who thinks japan is fine oo, 
  there is a difference between investment and maintenance ... 
  japan is a desaster ready to happen . 
  an ageing population with a weak economy . 
  every second year or so they deciding to kickstart there economy making billions and billions of debt . 
  last one decided were 250 billions i think ... 
  if this would be true , germany would be poor and greece would be rich . 
  maastricht says not more then 60 % , so we are far away from it . 
   if it comes at the cost of investment ( into infrastructure mainly ) , it is a stupid policy . 
  but should n't we do this investments , when we have to ? 
  right now we should invest as few as possible . 
  let us all the big investments when the economy goes down to stabilize it and save money now !, 
  so you want to reduce our debts in a recession ? 
  sounds like a great idea ... 
   why should we ? 
  what matters is that the debt stays manageable . 
  which is ensured if the debt/gdp ratio is decreasing . 
  i have multiple problems with that . 
  what guarantee us , that it stays manageable ? 
  let 's say vw and deutsche bank both break down tomorrow . 
  the fallout would let our interest rates skyrock and in a short period of time we had an unmanageable debt ratio . 
  ofcourse is such a scenario highly unlikely but debts means dependency from a third party which is also not so great . 
  also the gdp could collapse for whatever reason there is . 
  right now we should try to reduce our debt as far as possible before the next disaster hits us . 
   not really . 
  it needs proper long-term funding . 
  which i forget to wrote , my mistake  this is a non-monetary issue . 
  only at the first look . 
  we need money for , in short , propaganda . 
  without it the bw wo n't get the support of the people . 
  without support of the people , no support from politicians . 
   i disagree . 
  we can decrease taxes and reduce our debt to gdp ratio at the same time . 
  but , we should also decrease the real amount of debts . 
  our last surplus are planned to finance the refugee crisis . 
  and let 's be honest we wo n't get any help from the eu , so we will finance all of it alone . 
   then we need also to rise our military spending . 
   already doing that . 
  true , but we build up a huge deficit over the last ~ 25 years . 
  the bw need a huge one time finance to solve the problems with the inventory ( ammunition , spare parts , etc ) and then they need a solid support from the people and the politicians . 
  even with the raise in defense spending , the budget is not enough . 
  while everything you say is true , we should n't forget , that we right now do n't pay interests and our economy is up and running . 
  now is the perfect time to reduce the debts . 
  we should get around 50 % imo ( sure 0 % would be better ... ) to have a pufferzone for the next time the shit hit the fan . 
  sounds good but we are still over the 60 % line , so first we should reduce our debt to something like 50 % in my opinion . 
  then we need also to rise our military spending . 
  and then , we could think about tax reduction, 
  do you also sparkle ? 
  i was curious , so i did a litte [ experiment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4x3ht7/do_you_want_the_european_union_to_be_able_to/d6cvdxm ) . 
  what i did was saying okay to this vote , but demanded germany get also a vote that why should opt out of financing countries which insults us . 
  the reactions were interessting .
