  greece model ? 
  and even if the vat get reduced , there is no guarantee that living gets cheaper ... ofcourse , it could be that , they have the same amount of tax money because of increased business activities , but i do n't think it is very likely ... 
  sounds like a paradies for the worker ... 
  everytime i read such stupid posts , i have to think about the one article i once read . 
  it was about how orban turned the refugee crisis from an european problem into a german one . 
  how he played merkel . 
  then i have to think about another article where one of the greatest danger to the eu was , that germany gets a new kanzler . 
  because what everyone here forgets is , that merkel is the most pro eu politician in europe . 
  i think about all that and ask myself , if the v4 leader are stupid or optimistic . 
  a ceasefire is something different from peace . 
  especially with isis in the picture . 
  someday eu/un controlled refugee camps in libya of course . 
  right now ? 
  stupid idea . 
  if someone give you a easy solution for a complex problem , he is an idiot . 
  if you believe him , you are the idiot ... 
  we give billions to hungary every year ? 
  building a refugee camp in a country in the midst of a civil war is not a bad idea ? 
  okay ... 
  sorry but our economy work like a well oiled machine with high taxes , social programmes and labor laws :p, 
  the thought that all this countries who get billions and billions every year would leave the eu to make there own union ( with blackjack and whores ) is very funny !, 
  it 's the difference between a guy making stuff on the internet and the reality . 
  oh yes , the f35 , great plane if it works ... 
  i laugh , thank you, 
  help ? 
  no problem !, 
  where are the old weser\u00fcbung plans ? 
  cu , write a card and have fun ... 
  okay and why did the db did n't choose to do it ? 
  it is a little bit higher than normal . 
  last years it was about ~ 8 people . 
  but still in the green zone . 
  germany has ( 41.896 km ) [ http://www.laenderdaten.de/verkehr/schienennetz.aspx] rails . 
  you need do build for ~ 50 % an electric infrastructure . 
  that are 20.948 km . 
  through hills , forrest and plains ... and then , you have to maintain it ... alone the cost to cut the trees where the rails goes through a forrest ... 
  for some crazy reason i believe the db manager more than a random guy on reddit ... 
  i would n't say that . 
  building such stuff is very expensive . 
  alone the foundation for every single pole would cost a fortune . 
  sold to china . 
  it would be to expensive to rebuild all the tracks . 
  it is a shame , because it was a very cool peace of technologie . 
  which would be expensive ... very very expensive ... 
   alstom said at the expo that half of germany 's train networks are n't electrified and need to be replaced with something besides diesel but then you would need to electrify half of germanys track and that would be very expensive ... 
  the plurality did . 
  then they should n't have voted for him ... 
  right , plurality would be right term , but still most people voted for him . 
  ( btw i learned a new english word today yeah ), 
  i do n't say there is a simple solution , i just say that you can change it . 
   i was n't agreeing with them i was just explaining what they were saying . 
  i think germany handled post ww2 well . 
  but it 's also a good example that even one of the most politically united and democratic nations have history of electing a destructive leader . 
  wow , sorry but you have a huge hole in term of german history . 
  germany after the first world war was on the brink of a civil war . 
  in germany we call that time period `` weimarer republik '' because it was founded in weimar , because of all the fighting going on in berlin . 
  democratic was n't very popular in this weimarer republic and calling germany united is even today a little bit too much . 
   unfortunately i disagree with your other points . 
  i 'm not trying to excuse political ignorance . 
  of course i would love it if every citizen researched their candidates and made informed decisions . 
  but that is n't how many ( all ? ), 
  democratic nations actually work . 
  most people are influenced by friends , family , or political ads when they vote , or just vote within their party lines without reaearching . 
  it 's extemely difficult to organize the population and influence non-lazy voting . 
  what if a candidate does n't exist that reflects your views ? 
  then found a party !, 
  and i have to say as a german i will show you example from germany maybe it is different in the usa , but then , maybe you should follow our example . 
  a long time there were only 3 major parties in germany ( cdu/csu , spd and fdp ) . 
  nowaday we also have the `` die gr\u00fcnen '' and `` die linken '' in our parlament . 
  and the changes are high that we also get the `` afd '' next year . 
  so you can see , you can change stuff ( at least in germany )  that being said i think it 's possible . 
  bernie sanders had a lot of momentum this year , and our third party candidates are more popular recently than before . 
  people are starting to feel disenfranchised and want to change , but that requires organization . 
  i 'm not trying to excuse this voting laziness , but i think it 's understandable that change takes time and you have to assume that a large amount of the population wo n't budge quickly . 
  until then we are stuck with one of two shitty candidates . 
  but it is a more usa specific problem imo . 
  you have a more and more radical republican party and a weak almost paralyzed democratic party . 
  the problem you are facing now is , that you have no third power . 
  you waited till the shit hit the fan and now , you are fucked . 
  but the question is , why did it happend . 
  ( everything from my outside position and i can be completely wrong )  also , you 're right we have 4 candidates , but only 2 are from major parties . 
  it 's extemely unlikely that jill stein or gary johnson will win ( poll numbers reinforce this ) , and our voting system promotes voting for the candidate you hate the least instead of voting for the candidate you like the most . 
  again that is a very usa specific problem imo , which has it roots because of you 2 party system imo . 
  ( again , outside and could be wrong )  i also do n't really agree that every american is individually responsible for their country . 
  i guess i might agree with you on this if you mean that collectively the american populace is responsible for our country . 
  but i do n't see how an individual can do more than inform themselves and their friends/families to vote . 
  a single person has little influence on the rest of the country . 
  if how you think the country should be run is not apart of the majority , then you probably feel like your government does n't accurately reflect what you voted for . 
  it 's a fundamental problem of democracy i think . 
  but who if not the people are responsible for the country ? 
  is it not only a cheap excuse not to be responsible ? 
  environment protection in germany was for a very long time no problem . 
  then our forests and lakes died and `` die gr\u00fcnen '' came into power . 
  now it is a different situation . 
  maybe it is because i am german and my country did change again and again in the last 200 years . 
  but i believe if you want to change your country you can do it . 
  but it is a very thin ice . 
  yes , there are situation a majority should be ignored . 
  but most of the time a constitutional court is involved . 
  in germany we call our system `` wehrhafte demokratie '' .
