in germany there is the word `` nibelungentreue '' . 
  so long story short , yes, 
  then please leave . 
  i 'm not your buddy my friend !, 
  praise your new overlords !, 
  muhahaha !, 
  in germany beer is food !, 
  you are right !, 
  germany media should have more reports about this criminal east europeans !, 
  no , because of that we are no country for holidays . 
  as a german i can understand you . 
  and what is it i have to do , if i want them to leave ? 
  kick them ? 
  hit them ? 
  lick them ? 
  you know what ? 
  then leave !, 
  i think it was 11.000.000.000 $, 
  we do n't , we just have a lot of lobbies . 
  [ short : central comitee of goats in germany protests against the lie they would have had sex with erdogan ] ( http://www.der-postillon.com/2016/04/zentralrat-ziegen-bohmermann.html ) - german satire newspaper, 
  from the army/alliance of the pow, 
  so if the taliban for example would use pow from your country to clean up mines , that would be okay for you ? 
  and for only 299 $ i will sell you this earth cable to get your tinfoil hat up and running !, 
  else the nsa will listen !, 
  we listened !, 
  but every time we tried to move our border closer to england to better fight them , you got very angry !, 
  and as a german , it is better to fight in lithuania than in germany . 
  gut , gut , here is your puppy back . 
  or , crazy theory there , they release it bit by bit to keep selling newspaper . 
  crazy idea i know, 
  particularly , because the russian would start the first nukleare attack . 
  1 ) wo n't be enough 2 ) you would need a huge investment . 
  last saisons greece was already booked up 3 ) greece imports power and pays with the strong euro . 
  with a weak drachme the power would get more expensive 4 ) do it now !, 
  and your new infrastructure will then create money ? 
  how ? 
  and they will now invested in value-creating businesses , because ? 
  sorry we can play this for a very long time . 
  your country has a lot of problems and the last now 7 years they did every trick to avoid tackle the problem . 
  there is no easy solution . 
  did you know the other countries had food and medicine prepared for greece if your country would leave the euro ? 
  that is the reality, 
  and all the new money back then did n't created value because ? 
  of course but i would n't call them elite  elite are some evil untouchable beings who eat little children , 
  ... why should it work now , when it did n't worked back then ? 
  the old drachme was bind to the dollar till 1974 30:1 2001 was the drachme bind to the euro 341:1 ... history is against you ... could it work ? 
  yes !, 
  do i believe it would work ? 
  the drachma would have the value of yesterdays newspaper . 
  in a country wo imports a lot of food , energy and medicine ... great idea !, 
  because it is old news ? 
  was n't the numbers not already published ? 
  that 's right and no contradiction to what i said . 
  but i get angry if i hear `` the elites blablabla ! '', 
  because that is just a nice little lazy excuse !, 
  in both they voted against the islamist party which today give up . 
  not quite right . 
  in greece you have small restaurants , cafe etc. 
  while in germany you have industrie . 
  while family owned with sometimes hundreds of employees, 
  yeah , propaganda like russian soldiers on the crimea or russian soldiers and weapons in the east of the ukraine !, 
  that answer is to easy , sorry . 
  the problem is , that you have a lot of small businesses in greece , many family owned . 
  while in germany you have more industries . 
  this business structure make it also a lot easier to avoid taxes in greece , which is a big part of the problem there . 
  no , russian information war against germany is new . 
  schr\u00f6der and putin were best buddies and merkel was putin last connection to the west during his crim adventure . 
  why putin now decided to burn his last bridge ... no idea, 
  so let the civil war escalate is better ? 
  okay !, 
  great solution !, 
  like in the elections 2012 and 2014 ? 
  honest ? 
  efficient ? 
  yes . 
  no , i think they are drowning and we need to do something quick or the situation escalates, 
  so if i say `` technically the russian president is a alcoholic ! '', 
  it is right because auf jelzin ? 
  do the libyian people want that the civil war continues ? 
  so you say we should look away and let then continue with there civil war because it was the people want ? 
  technically was the federal republic of germany founded 1949, 
  you say the current invasion and occupation of parts of ukraine and the new chill between germany and russia are not connected ? 
  or they accept the reality that starting a democracy in a region is not easy . 
  okay that is just plain stupid . 
  the second world war is not relevant in the current situation . 
   germany invaded crimea  technically speaking , it did . 
  lol okay this is so crazy it is funny !, 
  how and when ? 
  i do n't see the problem ? 
  no , he meant they will attack ** because ** they are austrians !, 
  and germany w\u00f6rked so hard for the first place :(, 
  you get bashed by idiots and russia , so big deal . 
  but let russian propaganda roam free would be worse imo . 
  does it stopped sputnik ? 
  no , but it is a sign that you fight which is good . 
  ( but this is all my personal opinion and probably not a great solution ), 
  so doing nothing would be better ? 
  yeah , there are no neo-nazis in the npd !, 
  not a single one !, 
  * please insert scene from dr. strangelove * / s,
