  http://www.cruxnow.com/church/2015/10/01/pope-francis-calls-for-development-to-fight-refugee-crisis/ hmm . 
  yeah nice words , but also lies . 
  i said sounds more like not that they are the same . 
  `` the french president was committed to the european project , and in exchange for his blessing for a unified germany , was able to extract from kohl his commitment to european economic and monetary union . '', 
  http://www.dw.com/en/germanys-neighbors-try-to-redeem-their-1989-negativity/a-4861759-2 sorry but that is the sad true . 
  unified germany only if germany join the euro . 
  okay greece were forced to join the euro only uk and denmark could defend themself from the euro . 
  sch\u00e4uble was the only one who was in favor of this measurements , poland for example was against it !, 
  no , it do n't . 
  it is not about following a goverment , it 's about working together . 
  but now , i only see stagnation and populist bullshit . 
  true , but i am so tired of all this bullshit . 
  germany is the only country who was forced to join the euro but still it is our fault . 
  every single european goverment hide behind germany or spit germany in the face . 
  there is no absolut no cooperation . 
  i am so sick of this shit . 
  okay , but that sounds more like cold war than 3 . 
  could you please show me some of this artikels ? 
  i never saw one and be pretty curios about that, 
  so you have no idea , how we could secure eu borders, 
  would you please tell me how ? 
  yes , but it was a shot across the bows for the eastern eu countries . 
  ( personal interpretation ), 
  i like him , but still i saw no bold action from him . 
  why ? 
  on a lower place because of the rising amount of overweight people . 
  i 'm surprised that germany is on place 10, 
  you mean , erdogan has the eu by the balls . 
  and no erdogan do n't want to join the eu he just want the propaganda . 
  edit : and yes , she has biggber balls then the rest of the european politicans . 
  there is already a big nono on the file . 
  the current development is pure propaganda, 
  and even in german you only see f\u00fchrer in combination with another word like gruppenf\u00fchrer oder zugf\u00fchrer ... so no it was pretty clear, 
  complete europe, 
  strange , it worked for me ... 
  the core was a static shown the rise of number of refugees in the last years . 
  and again wrong ... http://www.wsj.com/articles/record-tide-of-refugees-will-strain-eu-system-1428610967, 
   no those `` refugees '' were heading to germany anyway on merkel 's limitless invitation . 
  this is a lie . 
  there was no invitation . 
   so instead of allowing them to block our highways we just help them to get what they want and would be inevitable anyway so you say you broke dublin because you do n't care ? 
  `` another aim is to reduce the number of `` orbiting '' asylum seekers , who are shuttled from member state to member state . '', 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation#objectives ), 
  everything has a limit ... http://www.thelocal.de/20151105/sweden-tells-refugees-to-stay-in-north-germany, 
  no , the problem is , that a lot of countries just take refugees and send them to germany . 
  as result , the whole system is broken . 
  i disagree , i think a lot of people had screamed nazi . 
  but even if nobody had a problem , there would be the risk that someone had a problem . 
  and for what ? 
  high risk , no gain in my opinion . 
  the real problem imo is , do you really think a german politican says `` hey let 's publish mein kampf ! '', 
  ... that would be his last word as politican ... 
  the court is in the eastern part of germany . 
  so he was probably a citizen of the gdr, 
  i thought food prices in russia were already pretty high because of the sanction against europe ? 
  there is no period of limitation to murder, 
  yes , maybe . 
  but i am more black than red ... but yes maybe . 
  but i do n't know how strong he would be as chancellor . 
  but yes maybe, 
  guttenberg as most famos example ? 
  and now ... there is nobody left ... 
  sch\u00e4uble is a great finance minister but else ... csu ? 
  i do n't think that the cdu would support a chancellor from the csu . 
  long term for europe and germany not for there careers  thomas demaizere try at the moment to use the current crisis to push his career which is disgusting imo . 
  i would prefer someone with a long term goal ... 
  the problem is , who comes next ? 
  angela merkel destroyed every possible successor . 
  what ? 
  i feel offended !, 
  oh where did i wrote any of that ? 
  it is a stupid idea to station troops in poland . 
  why ? 
  operation barbarossa was a huge shock for russia similar like pearl harbor for the usa . 
  out of this shock they decided they need satalite states to protect them from aggression . 
  putin was 89 a kgb officer in dresden ( or maybe leipzig ) . 
  he fear the people . 
  this to experience are the key to russian politics . 
  putin will do everything to prevent a maidan in russia . 
  in my opinion he invaded ukraine just to prevent a maidan in russia . 
  now question if we station troops in poland ( and estonia etc ) , they do n't fear nato troops on there border anymore , what will then stop them from conquer the whole ukraine ? 
  what recent aggression against a nato country from russia in east europe give us the right to scrape that deal ? 
  our east european friends need to know that we will by there side yes , but just station troops there and remove this fear from russia is just stupid . 
  think about the phrase `` things are never as bad as they seem . '', 
  let them think it is worse, 
  okay my mistake i might say nato bases are a dumb idee but we should do instead other stuff . 
  for example : move equipment to east europe . 
  it 's pretty easy to move soldier but equipment , weapons , etc not . 
  as far as i know it also already happend . 
  then install in every country an eu military hq . 
  only just some soldier from different countries to coordinate military cooperation then exchange soldier . 
  let 's swap soldiers between european countries . 
  a german company in estonia and an estonian company in germany for example . 
  next install european trainingsground in eastern european countries we different armies can train together . 
  not a single one of this ideas would break the contract imo . 
  but all would make it clear that western soldier would be involved at the fist second and would maybe strengthen the trust into western europe . 
  but the most important thing , russia would n't move more troops to the border . 
  no , i showed you a historical event where descaltion happend, 
  would you please tell me what we get from a nato base in this countries ? 
   here troops to the nato border and we are back into the cold war .
