  i mean , from the german perspective it look like you already tried every politician, 
  for example , mario barth !, 
  very funny guy , the funniest !, 
  this maybe a problem for you and some guys from the usa but we like it that way . 
  if you think it is okay if it is okay to call your mother some pretty bad things ( and yes i wanted to write here some pretty disgusting things ) hey your problem , but in germany we think everyone has the right not to get insulted . 
  and if you do n't like it , do n't come to germany , thank you, 
  so you say , we should ignore our laws ? 
  if we ignore him , he will go away so let us all close our eyes and count to ten ... 
  okay i destroyed my argument . 
  i would prefer to say the holocaust had no start because it is a development , not a single point in history who was the starting point . 
  i just wanted to say there are arguments there that you can say it started in babi yar, 
  i do n't say it was the first time minorities were hunted and killed . 
  but a pretty important part of the holocaust was the so called [ wannsee-conference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wannsee_conference ) , were the holocaust was planned . 
  babi yar was then the start of the execution of this plan . 
  pretty much what / u/hematophagian said . 
  it began in babyn yar , because it was the point were german forces started to exterminated the jewish population ? 
   75 years have now passed since the babyn yar massacre . 
   a few months after germany invaded the soviet union , the german forces occupying kyiv murdered a large proportion of the city 's jewish population in the babyn yar ravine . 
   here , in babyn yar , more than thirty\u2011three thousand innocent children , women and men were killed barbarically in just 48 hours . 
   here , in babyn yar , the holocaust the campaign to exterminate the jews of europe had its terrible beginnings . 
   here , in babyn yar , tens of thousands of prisoners of war and civilians were executed , here ukrainians , russians , belarusians and many others met their death before the german occupation came to an end in 1943 . 
   babyn yar is a symbol of all the suffering , injustice and barbarity sown across europe by the nazis . 
   it is with great humility that we pay tribute to the victims of the horrific deeds perpetrated in germany 's name , and we are grateful that the people of ukraine are now joined with us in friendship . 
  the complete quote . 
  now tell me why it is interessting ? 
  and why it is strange ? 
  wow , even the bdi is sick of your shit ... 
  but there is the problem . 
  if the countries can decide not to participate then you still need all the logistic etc. 
  to do it by yourself . 
  a true common military needs trust and cooperation . 
  both is lacking even in the eu right now . 
  a common political framework . 
  take the iraq war . 
  if we had a real unified military the eu countries had to go too . 
  but for example germany could n't because our constitution forbids starting a war . 
  right now ? 
  the uk, 
  [ brrrrrrrt ] ( https://youtu.be/as_t8wgayqm ), 
  okay i ignore your bullshit there and concentrate on the only part who is important  in the case we have just one , which you apparently imply , it is simply price ( 100/115 ) , followed by price ( 110/100 ) , that is if the new price reduction would be passed on one by one to the customer . 
  and you asking this question makes me doubt your mathematical abilities , as that could be calculated by someone who knows his seventh grade maths ... ( hence it is a super retarded question to use for testing someone ) oh , surprise you did n't answer my question . 
  because you could n't do this seventh grad math , i will help you . 
  price : 1.99 , vat : 20 % price without vat : 1.6583 . new price with 10 % vat : 1.82416 =  1.82 new price with 15 % vat : 1.907 =  1.90 so you are saying we will see this prices in supermarkets ... 
  [ not really ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/barack_obama#/media/file:barack_obama_signature.svg ), 
  wow , such a blunt lie, 
  then you chose the right guy !, 
  as long as you ship them far far away ... 
  the dutch are the canadians of europe, 
  * kicks a remain voter in a pit *, 
  and you got bonus points for appointing a finance minister which signatures looks like a [ dick ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euclid_tsakalotos#/media/file:euclid_tsakalotos_signature.jpg ), 
  i am german and even i am pretty sure that this is the joke ... 
  oh which education do i have ? 
  and which inside in the management of supermarket do i have ? 
  you are saying penetration strategy , great word . 
  the problem is , many supermarket operate with a calculated loss . 
  for example selling eggs under the prime cost . 
  maybe the situation is different in the uk but this is the situation in germany . 
  so and then say if you are so smart what a product will cost after the vat get reduced . 
  lets say a product cost now 1.99 how much will this product cost afterwards ( by a vat from 15 % and 10 % ) ? 
  yes , prior . 
  i had also preferred a cooperation but russia was against it, 
  yes , it can happen , but still i do n't believe it . 
  the only way to be sure is , if the uk reduces the vat . 
  russia is not trustworthy and a military cooperation is for a very long time out of question, 
  if russia want to included they get there asses out of the ukraine ( sorry for my french but such shit pisses me off ), 
  thank you , but i know how vat works , i simplify my example , to have a easy example . 
  to make it short , do you believe , the daily life products will get cheaper ? 
  i do n't believe that . 
  i still remember the change from dm to euro where 1.95583 dm where 1 $ and still the prices got changed 2:1 ... oh no the prices not only changed unfavorable for the consumer they companies all over raised the prices . 
  ( and no i do n't believe the prices would go up , i believe the prices would stay the same ), 
  right but australia is a complete different beast and i do n't think you can compare australia and the uk, 
  also when the vat went down ? 
  i am german i never experienced that vat goes down, 
  if you really believe that , sorry than you are not a smart person ... 
  okay i am german so everyone here pays with cash . 
  i get your point but i do n't think this numbers are shocking and i already calculated in millions . 
  maybe it was n't the best representation but i did it on along the way so forgive me , 
  decided against it , so if someone would check the values he had the same values without any difference ... and i could copy and paste from the calculator ... , 
  okay , but at least in germany everything costs 1.99 , 0.99 , 14.99 etc. 
  you wo n't see a product for 1.91 okay if it is different in the uk then maybe the companies will pass the reduced vats to the consumer . 
  but still i would say , even if the vat will reduced the prices of products will stay the same . 
  okay , let 's say the uk reduced the vat for to 15 % ( from 20 % ) . 
  do you think a product which costs now 1,99 will then cost 1,91 ? 
  what you say is 100 % true and right , but i do n't believe that the consumer would save money even if the vat get reduced , but hey maybe i am to pessimistic, 
  sure have fan , i have no problem with it , but i would not want a scenario like it was described . 
  i had to read into the vat contributions ( thank you for that ) . 
  in the year 2014 the vat contributions made 12.26 % of the eu budget , which was 142 690.29 million . 
  vat contributions was then 17 493.829554 million . 
  20 % of it is then 3 498.7659108 million , which is nothing for a country like the uk sources : http://ec.europa.eu/budget/annual/index_de.cfm?year=2014 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union math by myself, 
  i should have been clearer . 
  a simple example ( because it is easier so to make my point ) the uk have a vat rate ( normal ) of 20 % . 
  a product costs 1.99 pound . 
  therefore it cost 1.65 without vat . 
  do you really believe that the product costs only 1.83 if the vat gets reduced to 10 % ? 
  sorry maybe i am a pessimist but i do n't see that the consumer would profit from it in a noticeable dimension . 
  hey , you guys had a referendum and stuff . 
  you can do like you please as soon as you are out . 
  but still it do n't like a very favorable model . 
  it depends ... how will the uk compensate for the reduced tax income ? 
  reduced spending ?
