  great we have another conflict without any solution . 
  and nato and russia would never let someone tell them where to station nukes but after the cuba crisis they both agreed to remove them from cuba / turkey, 
  okay thank you but i do n't think i got everything but still thx, 
  what a news ... yeah and if we station troops there it will become better right ? 
  the question is from which position is our position stronger ? 
  with troops or without troops in poland ? 
  my position is we should station weapons and ammo in poland and only after more provokations from russia or as a last resort . 
  the message must be clear . 
  you maybe in 48h in warsaw but we will there in 24h and we can station troops in poland if you provake us but we let you ( putin ) a way out of it . 
  probably because ukraine never become really independent . 
  as soon they wanted to become a proper independent country ... we all saw like it ended ... 
  that 's right but i think the station of weapons and building is the right step imo . 
  if more stuff happen we can station troops but not without reason and ukraine ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  russia see ukraine as a slave . 
  only change would be that ukraine joined the nato ... that was a mistake, 
  that 's right but belarus is pretty much russia and if we station troops in poland we would also station troops in estonia etc. 
  right and for ever nato soldier there will come more russian soldier . 
  what does we get from there . 
  and another point is , if we station soldier there what then ? 
  if russia do more stupid stuff what should we do then ? 
  more soldier ? 
  more weapons ? 
  where is the end then ? 
  right but i would prefer a solution with deescalation, 
  that 's right and they can move there troops to the nato border and we are back into the cold war . 
  great we have another conflict without any solution . 
  yeah let us escalete the situation instead of work on a solution ... 
  that not the biggest problem in my opinion . 
  but what would be the reaction of russia ? 
  i expect they would move more troops to the border . 
  maybe 2 or up to 10 for every nato soldier . 
  and then ? 
  should nato move more soldier too ? 
  in my opinion just putting soldier into this countries wo n't solve anything , it should be the ultima ratio . 
  but still you could build a dirty bomb with the uranium ? 
  ( i 'm not sure myself ), 
  and i would call that bullshit . 
  a lot of this studies are highly biased in my opinion and i not trust them . 
  so everyone is a hidden nazi oo, 
  the problem with antisemitic studies is , that they are sometimes very biased . 
  the number of 20 % is imo to high , i never one meet a antisemitic person , but maybe i meet the wrong / right persons . 
  rest is personal opinion , which i do n't share, 
  so to be against let 1.5 millionen refugee uncontrolled enter is the same as being a nazi ? 
  that 's such a bullshit, 
  so you say , you would be cool with it , if 20 % of germans vote for the npd ( far right party in germany ) ? 
  okay , you are right , we should have a discussion , who is a refugee , etc. 
  but at the moment we have absolut no discussion means , we have absolut no progress . 
  a lot are n't that 's true . 
  but how can we find out who is a refugee and who is n't ? 
  germany ca n't do it alone . 
  but for that , we would have to work together ... and no that is impossible !, 
  pssst did n't you know ? 
  if you close your eyes , it is not there !, 
  i looked it up . 
  it is not against human rights but against a contract with the un but still pointless imo . 
  best case would be the would be in some country and plan some attacks . 
  okay sorry my mistake, 
  i 'm not sarcastic . 
  i think your country ca n't strip your citizenship , if it is the only one you have . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's against human rights ... 
  a good portion of these people convert to the islam , which is more disturbing . 
  yes . 
  no discussion !, 
  do you know that a flag is not a toy ? 
  it 's the symbol of our country . 
  or at parades or at national holidays in front of public buildings ( including schools ) or at everything the military is involved ... 
  look at every public viewing event, 
  because she is 87 she should n't be punished ? 
  btw this was her 3 . time and she repeated everything at the trial . 
  so kzs ? 
  interessting question . 
  if they have a ( real ) syrian passport , they should be treated like syrians . 
   are somalians not stopped and sent that 's one of the problems we have at the moment . 
  we have to start only accept refugees from countries near the eu . 
  there is no problem ... 
  right , but if it is so , why do we need the eu then ? 
  and why should turkey take the people ? 
  there are 2 million refugees in camps inside turkey and erdogan knows that this refugee crises serves him well ... 
  dumping the problem on germany wo n't solve it . 
  we need an european solution, 
   people forget that cdu is right-wing . 
  i do n't think you will hear merkel make as much as a peep about single-sex marriages in germany , for example to be fair , i also do n't hear about from the gays in germany . 
  yeah , no , wo n't happen, 
  even if russia gave money to trump , it is n't important , because in the end the americans decided to make trump there president ... 
  pointing the finger at russia would be only a bad excuse !, 
  but in the end the american people voted for trump , not the russians !, 
  more like the rest of the world . 
  there were some rumors that even russia got nervous because trump is so unpredictable . 
  and then all this well funded equipment is gathering dust because there is nobody to use it ... you know proper equipped and conscription is not mutual exclusive ... 
  but right now it is all speculation . 
  we will know more in 2017/2018 . 
  maybe i am wrong , we will see . 
  we will see after the next ( german ) election . 
  with the rising threat from russia , not enough volunteers , rising expectation from our allies and now trumps support of isolationism i see the conscription starting again in 2018 . 
  so you are saying trump do n't want to reduce the military engagement around the world ? 
  if trump reduces the military engagement of the usa in europe and the rest of the world , we will have to do it . 
  you know you fucked up , if germans criticize your elected leader ... 
  looks like germany will reintroduce conscription ... 
  it was an accident during some work on a pipeline .
