  it was the fault of the people . 
  and what did he say , where the money for energy , food and medicine comes from ? 
  all things your country imports . 
  one of greece bigger industry is oil refining ( hope is the right word ) . 
  this industry would collapse with a weak drachme . 
  congratulation turkey , you will be now known as south-russia, 
  it is pretty simple . 
  europe would be more independent if we had own nuklear weapons . 
  yes , some politician say they want that , but they also do n't want a europe which is to strong . 
  okay but the real reason is simple , money . 
  germany pays for the nuklear weapons on german soil . 
  some years this weapons where modernized and germany paid for it . 
  that is very naive . 
  which politician avoid to announce raised spending on poor regions , especially in a situation like the brexit ? 
  this is just a prime example of rowing back of promises make during a campaign . 
  but to be fair , the people who row back are not the same persons who make the promises . 
  france netted a big one !, 
  oh okay you guys have a special ministry for international trade til . 
  thank you for answering my questions . 
  still i am not a big fan of johnson , but we will see . 
  okay but would n't he have to negotiate trade deals with other countries ? 
  and would n't his ministry get a lot more important outside the eu ? 
  that 's what so puzzling for me . 
  okay politician lies , but he printed his lies on a fucking bus !, 
  maybe stupid question , but why johnson ? 
  sorry i am not deep enough into uk politics to get why he . 
  is it only me or sound this guy incredible arrogant ? 
  hmm there is a problem ... we are out of used water cannons ... but we can you some new ones !, 
  then he is an idiot . 
  sorry to be so blunt but your country gets 11 billion $ from the eu per year . 
  it is a huge amount of money . 
  your country demands nato soldiers and did raid a nato facility ( i think last year ) . 
  you alienating all of supporter and allies . 
  that is maybe not a smart move . 
  and maybe wo n't help to get decent jobs . 
  easier said then done . 
  a friend of mine works as a social worker and in this kind of work , you have to be lucky to get a job . 
  even with his experience there ( he worked there for 2 years instead of military service ) he got a very shitty contract were his fir 10h overtime do n't get payed . 
  let just push every single law through which the uk did n't want before . 
  you voted out , now leave . 
  mutually beneficial my ass ( sorry for my french but i am sick of this ) . 
  your country is worse than a teenage girl . 
  for decades the uk got a special deal , an opt out etc etc. 
  and it was never enough and even now while leaving you demand to be better than the rest ? 
  this have to end now !, 
  so the average polish guy except , that he can migrate to everywhere , that he get billions of other tax payers money , but he also except that he do n't help other people and that he do n't take any refugees in ? 
  if that so , i have to say , the average pole is not a great person, 
  why should the eu budge ? 
  even now the uk demands a better treatment ... 
  or , crazy idea , you could hire `` experts '' to do a analysis about the basics . 
  you do n't need a in depths of everything , but create a basis . 
  in my opinion the british government has right now no idea how to approach the situation , which would be pretty scary for me if i were british . 
  i do n't say , they should have done a complete in depth analysis of the situation . 
  but i looks like for me , they do n't even have the basic statics to start an analysis . 
  for me , and please i am an outsider neither in any government or political position , looks like the british government have no plan , no data , no manpower whatsoever to deal with the situation they created . 
  okay , than the average polish guy must be pretty happy about the brexit , where one of the main targets was to kick all this migrants out of the country . 
  edit : btw my personal opinion , if that the mindset in polen , you should just leave the eu . 
  someone would argue that maybe , just maybe , you should have done such an analysis bevor the referendum ... 
  and that eu money do n't helps your country ? 
  we drop the money out of an airplane and if it hits the ground it transformed into a street ? 
  no , worker building the streets with materials from around the area , which are produced by other workers . 
  so the average polish guy do n't care about if some are second class citizens ? 
  but this countries have independent media , this countries have a working highest court . 
  do you really think the rest of the eu is concerned about your min . 
  wage ? 
  we are concerned about your democracy . 
  but your point is the average polish guy do n't care about democracy , which is frighting, 
  you are n't catholic if you are against the pope !, 
  it 's one of the pillars of catholic that the pope is gods representative on earth ... 
  sounds all good and dandy , but how stable are all this presents to the people . 
  yes , i know you are right now in a pretty good economic situation , but do you expect that you continue to get 11 billion $ from the eu ? 
  what will happen , if other ee countries get there shit together ? 
  oh and btw maybe the lgbt rights would be important for you if you were gay or would have gay friends ( but this is biased only on what i hear ) and your last paragraph is just stupid.they put your democracy in danger to what look like to build communism 2.0, 
  ah okay thank you . 
  did n't know that . 
  did the baltics send troops or how did they support the usa ? 
  hold on one moment . 
  there is a difference between free trade agreement and access to the single market . 
  a free trade agreement could come without free movement , but it takes years to negotiate that . 
  the access to the single market , could be faster but , than the uk has to accept the free movement . 
  the rules are clear here , the problem is , that the uk want to change the rules . 
  and no , this times are over it what almost every single eu politician says right now, 
  it is a tough one . 
  that was also my first interpretation , but the sign points toward the next crisis . 
  because of that my more negative interpretation, 
  my interpretation is , that they push the brocken eu bus from crisis to crisis and uk get off in time to get the next working bus that said , this is my interpretation without context . 
  my personal opinion is pretty much the opposite . 
  but this a complete different topic . 
  free movement and access to the single market inseparable !, 
  there is no punishment . 
  it 's only british arrogance to think , that if you do n't get a special deal , you are getting punished . 
  and your point is ? 
  just because someone was voted you are not allowed to criticize him ? 
  sorry right now , that is the only interpretation i have for your post . 
  if it is so , then were is the difference between pis and putin ? 
  he is a bigger danger to the eu than the brexit in my opinion . 
  fun fact , after the poland campaign the wehrmacht could n't attack france , because there was no munitions left . 
  to be fair , british politician said for month that they would get a deal with free market access and without free movement for eu citizens , while keeping it for the british ... 
  so , if you do n't get a special deal , you get punished in your opinion ? 
  the rules are pretty clear free market and free movement goes hand in hand .
