  so far 2 dead 2 still missing, 
  [ euro/doller ] ( http://www.ariva.de/euro-dollar-kurs/chart?boerse_id=130&amp;t=all ) germany was the sick man of europa ~ 2001 when the euro was at it weakest and if we look at the time when the german economy was/is at his strongest ... germany got stronger through reforms not some currency manipulations . 
  great , but the romanian and bulgarian worker is still cheaper . 
  so they can make much more money in this countries . 
  and they are in the single market . 
  and they have also a week currency . 
  sorry , this was the most important decision the uk had in the last 50 years ? 
  more ? 
  maybe , crazy idea incoming , you should inform you before you vote ... and no , looking at posters is not to inform yourself ... 
  oh yes this will happen . 
  as soon as the british worker is cheaper as the bulgarian or romanian worker ... 
  it is funny because it is the exact opposite of the reality . 
  maybe other looks at this , laugh and then think ... `` hey stop !, 
  it is the exact thing we do ! '', 
  the problem is , everyone speaks english and english is easy to learn . 
  try learning german ... it is hard ... very hard ... like bigly !, 
  never read youtube comments ... 
  [ we were invited !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sacn_bcj8tq ), 
  he said , syrian should pay back there received hartz iv and eu citizen not . 
  and yes if you have a permanent residence and working permit and all the other stuff you need to qualify for hartz iv you should get it . 
  so you think every eu citizen should move to the eu and should get social welfare ? 
  normally i would say you are right , but we say a lot of welfare tourism over the last years . 
  we are near the point , where more foreigner get hartz iv then germans ... 
  here is a system which should help the people to come over a hard time and other people misuse it . 
  so we have to change it . 
  not really . 
  hartz iv is a last resort . 
  even if you are german it could happen that you do n't get hartz iv . 
  for example i have 200.000 $ on the bank . 
  if i go clubbing for 5 weeks and come back broke , i would receive hartz iv etc. 
  so it is a last resort you have first try everything not to use it and one possible not to use it , is go home where you come from . 
  of course all the hartz iv rules are more complex , but i hoped you understand my point . 
  okay , you proved you have absolut no idea how all this work . 
  but for the next time , think about that . 
  if someone give you a simple solution for a complex problem , he is a idiot . 
  if you believe him , you are the idiot . 
  you are right , we should send all refugees back to greece right ? 
  so you propose we should treat person different depending on there nationality ? 
  okay ... 
  i understand it is pretty strange , but the rules are the same for everyone . 
  if you receive hartz iv you do n't have to pay it back . 
  it is not important if you are form germany , austria or syria . 
  [ no ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-follows-switzerland-and-denmark-to-seize-cash-and-valuables-from-arriving-refugees-a6828821.html ), 
  there is also the problem , of the term `` refugee crisis '' if we look closer , we see that under this term are a whole bundle of problems . 
  illegal migrations , handling refugees , the dublin system , the misuse of the refugee system etc etc etc. 
  because nobody ever cared to `` unknote '' all this topics a very toxic discussion culture developed . 
  it often looks like , there are only to valid options `` we let everyone in ! '', 
  and `` we let nobody in ! '' . 
  if you argument somewhere in between you will be pushed to a extrem . 
  tl ; dr it is a clusterfuck of discussion, 
   the vessel -- which retired from service in 1997 -- is estimated to have helped secure # 3 billion of trade deals between 1991 and 1995 . 
  the boat was a hell of a negotiator ... 
  but , but , but bus !, 
  joking aside , it is shocking to see how british politician life in there own reality . 
  but what could have the eu done ? 
  making a tv ad campaign where normal eu people stand there and tell , they want the uk to stay ? 
  we all know this kind of campaigns and we think `` okay he got paid to say it '' . 
  every involvement of the eu could use against the eu . 
  and to be completely honest with you , i am happy that the uk leaves . 
  brexit-flavor of the week ... 
  meanwhile german exports rise unexpected and the prognoses get better and better ... 
  but hey her train was late ... germany is doomed !, 
  maybe , crazy idea here , then the uk should n't have pushed for the eu enlargement ... 
  if the eu had involved in the campaign the headlines would have been brutal . 
  the big topic of the leave campaign was `` get back control '' , the eu getting involved would be a terrible idea imo ... 
  oh look , it is bullshit oo, 
  help yourself , then god will help you, 
  right , but the currency is not as important as other factors for german exports ( outside the eu ) . 
  a lot of german cars are high class . 
  the clients who can afford such cars want a status object as much as a car . 
  and then we export machines where nobody cares about the price ( okay it is a exaggeration but you get what i want to say ) . 
  it is worse for the german exports if the global economy slows down , because it means less investments and because of that less machines . 
  right , like the most countries our most important trading partners are near us . 
  but it was not important that the $ was high , we still exported a lot outside the eu . 
  now the $ is low , we still export a lot outside the eu . 
  say romania , do you plan anything ? 
  if russia do n't want that other countries join the nato , then maybe russia should n't have invaded the ukraine and proving that the only way to be save from russia , is to be a member of the nato . 
  ( edited typo ), 
  i farted ... it was perceived as a threat by russia ... 
  we did well when the $ was at it 's high point and we are doing well right now ... 
  while you are right , he should n't generalize , you are wrong on the topic . 
  the dog owner should respect other people property . 
  there is no excuse for all this people . 
  they are just assholes . 
  germany tried both ... both did n't worked, 
  with or without the food convoy from germany ? 
  because that was planned for this scenario ... 
  no , you wo n't get more free money ... 
  yeah that is the brexit flavor of the week , stay tuned for next week flavor ... 
  right but i have the feeling like every single one of this jitter spawn comments how the brexit wo n't have negative impacts . 
  the whole brexit mess is just stupid imo, 
  great ... and now , what does brexit means ? 
  single market yes now ? 
  what about the germans in the uk and the brits in spain ( or germany if you prefer ) ? 
  and and and ... brexit means brexit is a brilliant sentence for a politician because it says nothings and everyone hears what he wants imo, 
  with peak i am the small peaks like at the 30.06 or 07.09, 
  and every peak is a post that the brexit is not a problem and that everything is over and the pound will only go up ... 
  then i wish you the best of luck ... you will need it ... 
  is there any alternative ?
