  if something happens , it is our fault and if we do something everyone cries nazi and fourth reich . 
  ( my total bias oppinion after the last half year ), 
  a refugee camp inside a eu country would be a complete new city with thousends of people . 
  where would you build that ? 
  would n't it better to spread then all over the eu ? 
  give them a oppurtinity to work and send there children to school, 
  right , but if a nato ship rescue people , this people will be transported back to turkey . 
  that 's what i read in a german article of `` die welt '', 
  the important part is , that turkey will take refugees back , which were rescued . 
  so i would say , yes it has a huge practical value . 
  so you say , we should support refugee camps outside of the eu ? 
  question for you , why was merkel so often in ankara ? 
  and after that , look up how the un refugee camps were funded . 
  did you know , that the food ration was halfed last year because most countries did n't payed there share ? 
  did you know , that last but one place was poland ? 
  everything is right . 
  but there are no eu refugee camps . 
  do you belive there will be some in the summer ? 
  i do n't belive it . 
  in the end , we need an solution were every eu country helps , but we wo n't get this solution , because most of the countries closed there eyes and shout ` not my problem ! ', 
  ( which is germanys fault imo ), 
  so you say eu should help greece ? 
  like taking people ? 
  like germany did ? 
  but no , one sentence later that is also wrong ... 
  where do you see unity in the eu ? 
  men stayed because they would inherit a house etc. 
  women left the area of the former gdr to find a job in west germany, 
  you forgot '' , but paid by the germans ! '', 
  i think , this is based on something lenin said . 
  he is such a smart guy , image what he could do as a finance minister !, 
  am i the only one ( outside the uk ) that hopes they leave ? 
  we call this city berlin ... 
  russian bears do n't !, 
  putin told me !, 
  they could , but all they do is to complain . 
  sounds great , but poland wo n't accept this . 
  do you really believe it ? 
  my oppinion : - they have absolut no idea what to do - so far they can blame merkel that there is still no solution . 
  if they would do something people could blame them - they are used that germany and france do all the work and they just complain about it afterwards, 
  whoever belive that is a idiot . 
  this is a shocking nice comment ... 
  thank you, 
  maybe because the end of a democracy starts with the end of separation of powers and synchronize of the media . 
  is poland still a democracy ? 
  yes . 
  but will it stay one ? 
  we will see, 
  so everyone else has to follow what poland says ? 
  sounds more like fascismn to me . 
  and now go out and ask worker at vw and bmw what they earn ... 
  this is just bullshit ... 
  and look at the shitstorm she got ... 
  if you look at the imports , you can see why greece ca n't default . 
  they import energy , medicine and food . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-greece-imports-iduskbn0ow1z420150616 http://www.ekathimerini.com/140003/article/ekathimerini/community/why-does-greece-import-so-much-food http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/food-imports-percent-of-merchandise-imports-wb-data.html http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/eg.imp.cons.zs but yes , reallity is a bitch . 
  personal opinion why the eu will fail : because most country just want money and give a shit about everything else . 
   it should be up to the people of poland to decide !!!, 
  that 's right , but they have to live with the consequences . 
  but he was n't just aware , he was a part of it . 
  he assisted , which is for me the same thing . 
  but okay i was not 100 % clear . 
  i do n't know if he assisted in any killings . 
  but still no period of limitation . 
  you can argue there should be a period of limitation for murder ( or assistance ) okay , but right now let us just follow the law . 
  i do n't know . 
  for that there is the trial . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  there was a trial bevor the migrant crisis and bevor that and so on . 
  there is no period of limitation for murder . 
  we take it back no problem ... but only without people and without nuclear weapons . 
  yeah you are right , we should have them all send back to greece and italy !, 
  but the polish people voted for pis which is at least euro sceptic ... 
  sorry but i have not the impression that the the polish goverment nor the polish people are very happy in the eu . 
  i never said that , but there are rules in the eu and you can play by the rules or leave . 
  then leave the european union . 
  okay i ignored missing physis teacher , because they need to lern german . 
  and i ask , 4 years ago english/geography in bavaria 7 jobs . 
  german the same ( realschule ) . 
  so there are a lot of people who could be hired . 
  in germany are a lot more teacher than open jobs . 
  a friend of mine is teacher and i can ask him for a ratio tomorrow, 
  it looks like a big `` please anschluss us '' sign ... 
  that was not fair , we planed to attack france ... we did n't expect resistance ... 
  we were invited !, 
  last time germany tried it , everyone was very angry about it ... 
  there are some parts of the german autobahn too, 
  in reality , we are not evil ... 
  most of the time and we can be pretty funny, 
  that 's pretty fucked up then ... how can they expect any more support after this shit ? 
  the big question is , did the nato know of it ? 
  nobody recognize saxon as a german dialect ... 
  is it his confession ? 
  hey great map of germany !, 
  we ( germans ) should freeze the pipeline while the sanctions are intact . 
  kaczynski made explicit the link his party sees between the government and the church in a speech celebrating the 24th anniversary of a religious radio station . 
  `` the church and its teachings are the foundations of polishness , '' he said . 
  `` and everyone , even if they are not believers , has to accept it . 
  any hand raised against the church is also a hand raised against poland . '' ' nice words . 
  now look what the church says about refugees .
