  it was obvious not okay for germany to finance this countries , but i assume it is okay for countries to opt out the so called refugee crisis . 
  the funny thing , while i still think that countries like poland and hungary should n't be in the eu , i have no problem with financing weaker countries . 
  it is true i think we give out the wrong signals and we have to change the distribution of money the idea behind it is great . 
  but if we no in the eu saying `` that is not my problem !, 
  '' , why should other countries come to your help if you have a problem ? 
  why should greece or germany keep the sanction against russia ? 
  we do n't feel threaten . 
  if germany start saying we do n't take any more refugee , they will end up in countries like greece or hungary like before the shit hit the fan . 
  and yes , it was an asshole action from me and yes it says nothing , but in the end i was curious, 
  what i do n't get it why i get so much `` hate '' . 
  i mean germany do n't want to pay or have the sanctions against russia therefore we should get rid of it . 
  poland and hungary do n't want refugees then they do n't have to take them in . 
  i have no idea how you can interpret it like that , but no . 
  but since this shit started germany got insulted again and again . 
  since the refugee crisis it become clear that countries like poland and hungary are only in the eu to get money and have absolut no interest in working together . 
  but yes germany did the huge mistake of helping other countries ( like hungary ) a mistake we should never do again !, 
  you know , i think it is okay and we should support then . 
  germany should also have a referendum if we should help other countries through money and political power !, 
  - `` do you want , that the german taxpayer continue to pay for the expenses and development of other countries , regardless of there insults against germany ? '', 
  oh thank you and i though i would do a comment on the belittlement of an invasion and occupation through hyperbole . 
  ... maybe think , than post ... 
  you are right !, 
  my country also once lead a liberation campaign and everyone is still angry at us !, 
  this post could contain sarcasm and should be avoided at all costs ! ^ avoidit ^ ruuuuuuuuuuun !, 
  some british guy whining ? 
  that 's new ... / s, 
  military aid or development aid ? 
  because there is a huge difference, 
  germany and france for example ca n't . 
  you ca n't lead the negotiations and contribute to military of one side . 
  what a steaming pile of shit ( sorry for my french ) . 
  the uk was n't dragged into wars , they followed . 
  germany and france for example , did n't went into the iraq , so it was possible . 
  afghanistan was a different beast , but if you do n't want to defend your allies , you have to leave the nato . 
  simple as that . 
  congratulation for one of the stupidest comments i ever read !, 
  they do n't hate the idea of trade deals . 
  they hate the idea of giving companies a free pass to destroy our health and environment !, 
  reported because of racismn . 
  called german devilish rats, 
  maybe the german foreign minister should have said that , instead of us sending troops to the baltics ? 
  / s ( to be clear , i support 100 % to send german troops to the baltics ! ), 
  [ hmmm do i trust the bbc or some random guy on the internet hmm ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-33690060 ), 
  to be fair , the muslims are pretty great at insulting them self . 
  let 's be honest . 
  belarus is a russian puppet . 
  so they wo n't do anything crazy as long as there are no protest against russia or the government . 
  http://www.tagesschau.de/ausland/erdogan-reaktionen-103.html sorry i only have a german source parat . 
  105 million paid , ~ 740 million ready at that time should be now 2.15 billion . 
  the problem is , the money goes to organizations like unicef etc. 
  and not to erdogan . 
  the problem is , cuba is not turkey . 
  first of all turkey was a member of the nato , while cuba was not a member of the warshaw pact . 
  next is , nobody knew about them first . 
  nuclear weapons should frighten someone off . 
  nuclear weapons who nobody knows about them , do n't do that . 
  you mean helping is . 
  they fight the kurds , the only group in the mess called syria , which could help to create a democrat syria, 
  and the eu already corrected `` the madmen from bosporus '' ( quotation sonneborn ), 
  that is not the point , you said it is not worth to be done . 
  and yes you can be forced in germany to be a firefighter ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compulsory_fire_service ) , but it is very very rar . 
  i am a volunteer firefighter ... so thank you ? 
  stupid question maybe , but why ? 
  while us-soldiers can be a pain in the ass , they ( and all military bases ) bring jobs and money . 
  so what is the reasons for the protest ? 
  are they isis supporter or because of the nuclear weapons ? 
  and how many of this dead `` coup plotters '' are conscript ? 
  do we know , that families who demand the bodies back , will not be punished ? 
  no , no ... fritz start ze panzer !, 
  it is a bad translation . 
  she said the terrorist would taunt/lampoon ( verh\u00f6hnen ) the county that welcomed them , the people who helped them and the other refugees ... but i am not sure if my translation is better ... 
  franconian -  german -  english , 
  it was my first foreign language !, 
  can confirm , germans do n't watch how the battle is going , we watch at which side the italians currently fight !, 
  let 's take a look at this list ( first one i found on google ) http://www.tharawat-magazine.com/facts/top-10-largest-weapons-manufacturing-companies/ okay if we look at it , we see that 7 ( with finmeccanica ) companies are airplane producer ( one of is eads ) . 
  rest is thiel , raytheon and general dynamics . 
  all of them are mixed companies . 
  now let 's look at kmw . 
  kmw is most famous f\u00fcr the leopord 2 tank . 
  but the cannon comes from rheinmetall , the optional gmg ( not sure if added in a new version of the leo , but on the boxer ) comes from h&k . so my point is , we have a different company structure . 
  but we have top notch products ( ca n't say anything about the amount of r&d , but you do n't get good products without a lot of r&d ) . 
  another reason is political . 
  germany has very strict export laws . 
  because of that , kmw lost a huge contract with saudi arabia some years ago . 
  i wo n't comment on the interna of the german dod spending and politics because it would just to much , because of the messy situation there is, 
  this is ... just disgusting ... 
  ... really ? 
  germany is every year between 3-5 . on arms export . 
  kmw ( leopard for example ) and heckler & koch are not big defense companies ... and a leopard 2a6m do n't give you higher survivability ? 
  the problem is not his stance to muslim but ( if it happend ) that some muslims going to a memorial and shooting alluh akbar which i would interpret as `` hey , great what he did ! '', 
  and ? 
  why i am so angry right now is , that some people are more concern about the german who are angry about someone who is shouting alluh akbar at a memorial after a muslim going postal . 
  do n't you see how crazy this is ? 
  yeah , right now we have to look after the nazis , because the nazis attacked us !, 
  so you do n't need soldier anymore ? 
  it is the same in the usa btw . 
  really ? 
  i ca n't watch the video right now , but really ? 
  he was shooting this islamist bullshit , if he get beaten up , it will be his own fault , he would have earned it and i see absolut no nazi shit there . 
  you would n't have any second strike capabilities .
