  stupid question , but how is the solvenia - russian relationship ? 
  but that is evil !, 
  good luck guys, 
  simple answer , they were to late . 
  whatsapp was already the de facto standart when they were published . 
  edit and the most germans are not so concerned about there privacy . 
  sad but true, 
  the reason is pretty simple . 
  text messages were pretty expensive in germany . 
  with cake !, 
  to be fair we plotting the partition of poland every sunday ... between walk and coffee, 
  * run *, 
  i did n't expected a different out come , but hoped for it, 
  you are right , the dm was such an unstable currency !, 
  question then ... where are all the other leaders ? 
  why do n't they say something ? 
  why do n't they do something ? 
  oh and turkey wants to join then 10-20 years . 
  they will never join . 
  this is all pr . 
  but yes it is sad but to let the v4 countries enter the eu was as mistake, 
  there was never a clear message only pushing the problem around . 
  `` not my problem ! '', 
  is the motto !, 
  to avoid the impression that this shit is over . 
  i did n't know we have a border with greece . 
  damn which country anschlussed we ? 
  i answered a post , which said instead of forbid the npd we should try to make it irrelevant with debates and better ideas . 
  then i wrote that they are already irrelevant . 
  so why did your brain melts ? 
  we are talking about a party with no seat in the bundestag and only some member in one single bundesland ... they are already irrelevant . 
  tbh such ( same look ) traktors are still in use in germany bei some farmers , 
  right , but wrong, 
  assad bombs his people , so he is a terrorist . 
  yes , but let 's be honest , international politics is horrible broken . 
  i just wanted to say that i do n't see a difference between fsa and assad . 
  edit : from the legal standpoint, 
  so what ? 
  a mass murder giving someone permission does n't mean shit . 
  sorry is somewhere surprised ? 
  the new agenda in the eu is `` not my problem ! '', 
  so why should hungary care about the sanction ? 
  and yes this sucks ... 
  stop saying the shit with turkey again , contract with turkey money etc. 
  you ignoring so many problems ... what to do with persons without passport ? 
  what to do with persons from non save country ( for example north korea ? ) . 
  other countries ? 
  yeah they will help of course . 
  the usa will take in the next 4 ( ? ), 
  years 20.000 syrians . 
  sorry your proposal is just plain stupid . 
  end of story . 
  merkel : send them back to turkey v4 : let them stay in greece im okay with the v4 solution as long as greece is ... ( spoiler : greece think this is pretty uncool ), 
  she never shouted `` willkommen ! '' . 
  she put the pressure of greece to buy time for an european solution . 
  but now every other country is shouting `` not our problem ! '', 
  and refuse to work together . 
  it says a lot about the eu that the countries who get the most money ( the famose v4 ) are the one do n't want to help and block every possible solution . 
  did you know why germany suspended dublin ? 
  because the most refugees who reach germany was n't registered in any other eu country or registered in greece or hungary where we ca n't send people back because of the situation there . 
   t want to take them back . 
  either secure border and do not allow anyone in ( which is problem for greece due to its geography ) . 
  or thoroughly register anyone landing in greece an you descriped the eu solution merkel try to achieve ... edit : with the differenece , everyone who reach greece will be send back to turkey ( working to a agreement with turkey ), 
  in the 2 +4 contract is the max . 
  size of the german army limited to 350k people ( because of france btw ) . 
  why ? 
  refugee reach greece . 
  we put them back on a ship to turkey . 
  repeat . 
  in exchange take 300k refugees/year from the camps . 
   t eu summit and other countries finally coming to senses and support us over germany . 
  until majority of eu decides for new p turkey would do that if we took 300k on yearly basis . 
  v4 is against it . 
  the economic talks are a complete diffrent problem . 
  that was a greece problem , which only greece can solve . 
  the refugee crisis is an european problem and only the eu can solve it . 
  let us take the deal with turkey . 
  take every year 300k people and send everyone else back . 
  yes , because in the first half of 2015 not a single soul entered greece ... 
  so your answer is also `` fuck greece ! '' . 
  great !, 
  can germany then also say `` fuck you ! '', 
  to all the payments to eastern europe ? 
  and greece will be fucked or the people will walk around it through czech, 
  maybe , but that would mean we gamble with the future of greece because some countries , which get billions every year , refuse to distribute max 300k refugees across the eu . 
  now explain that to greece, 
  let 's germany close it 's border . 
  everyone else would also close it 's border . 
  now the interessting part : what then . 
  the refugees will continue coming , but stuck in greece . 
  a country with high unemployment and without any money . 
  you see no problem there ? 
  yeah , you are right , we should destroy greece !, 
  you know the eu is fucked , when germans became the nice guys oo, 
  when did germany punished greece ? 
  yes , this sane guy will send every refugee back to austria , cut spending to eu , cut spending for syrian aid to 100 % and gives the eu a hard time ... i like this idea !, 
  the next in line btw would maybe sch\u00e4uble . 
  sry do n't have time for that, 
  germany is now the usa of europe . 
  everyone cries for leadership , but refuse to follow .
