  maybe not corruption but wrong . 
  the good thing was the hartz4-reforms , which helped germany through reduced spending to get the debt problem under control . 
  his russia politic in hindsight is wrong , but back then it was the right thing to do . 
  to bad , that the situation changed, 
  schr\u00f6der is in no political position right now and should be ignored . 
  which is sad , because he was a pretty good chancellor . 
  steinmeier fucked it pretty bad up yes . 
  sorry but the german and polish relations are a mess right now and not because of steinmeier . 
  why ? 
  because of our history ? 
  should n't we be the first one to scream ? 
  not the whole party but part of them . 
  and yes it is a terrible thing to do . 
  but be happy the spd is weaker than ever and germany will send troops in the baltiks . 
  o really ? 
  they promised to use the 350 mil . 
  they send to the eu ( which are only 190 mil ) to use them for nhs only , for infrastructure , for schools , they promised to continue the eu projects ( for example in wales ) . 
  the whole brexit campagne was complete and obvious bullshit and it was clear for me and i did n't follow this whole mess a lot . 
  so they could all know that , instead they followed populist . 
  it 's there own fault , there are no excuses !, 
  the comment was beyond stupid , true . 
  but i would n't interpret it to much . 
  it was to appease his own party . 
  the spd is in a crisis . 
  there is no change germany will let europa fall . 
  our commitment of soldiers is a first prove . 
  but did n't the `` normal people '' also created this mess ? 
  okay thank you for your opinion, 
  so you do n't see a chance he will try to use the shitshow which the brexit maybe become to become pm ? 
  do you think this is the end of his political career ? 
  how possible is that gove will become the next pm only to get a nasty backstab from johnson ? 
  let me quote churchill `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others . '', 
  the uk had a choice and they choosed , that all this exception are not good enough . 
  this was not the choice of the goverment , it was the choice of the people . 
  and the beautiful thing about is , we do n't have to carer about it . 
  sorry the uk became a major headache . 
  and now a lot of europeans are happy to get rid of it . 
  sorry the uk lost there special snowflake status . 
  welcome to reality . 
  of course , they will lose thousands of jobs , i asked because i thought it already started . 
  did n't they already cut the funding by 350 millions a week ? 
  a party financed by russia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_front_ ( france ) #russian _ bank_loan, 
  20 days are the legal min . 
  in germany ... 
  i mean , it was there independence day and they took there country back . 
  they voted to leave , so i guess , it is what they wanted , because it was obvious that this would be the consequences . 
  ah thank you , but so far , that are `` only '' plans . 
  so far nobody was fired ... so far ... 
  how would trump a win ? 
  he is full of praise for putin and want to pull the usa out of the nato ? 
  source that they start firing people ? 
  i 'm surprised they are so fast ... 
  my interpretation is more , that germany and france want to work together in a lot of points . 
  sources ? 
  that is a pretty wild claim ? 
  but even then , would n't it be max . 
  27 referendums ? 
  and in how many countries is there a possible referendum ? 
  for example there wo n't be a referendum in germany . 
  argh i hate this kind of bullshit  . <, 
  eu has 27-28 members ... and we get 34 referendums ... could somebody explain it to me ? 
  afd , etc. 
  business idea : toilet paper with union jacks !, 
  they will be present today . 
  i suspect the talks between ger/it/fr was only to come to a common ground . 
  which will then polished with the rest of the eu tomorrow . 
  the problem is , that a lot of politician try to avoid the line of fire . 
  during all the negotiation with greece pretty much every single politician in the eu hide behind germany . 
  my personal impression is , that other countries expect a solution from germany/france ( especially countries with domestic problems ) . 
  italy wanted to become more involved and there they are . 
  germany had trucks full of food ready for the case `` drachme '', 
  sorry , we have dips on that :p, 
  please , write this also unter the next v4 meeting ... 
  if you want equal ground , than you should start by giving up all your opt outs and other special deals . 
  yeah , thank you from germany for all your hard w\u00f6rk in the eu / s, 
  i read the headline and thought he spoke about the uk ... 
  sounds like the good old communist propaganda . 
  we produced 110 % / 120 % / 130 % everything is great etc. . . 
  still there was nothing to buy . 
  and i 'm pretty sure the old lady who struggle to buy enough food is very happy the russia could slashed the food purchases by 40 % . 
  and yes it 's so great for the pensions that there is no money left . 
  so far the rumors goes that germany will send around 600 soldier . 
  there are already german soldiers in the different hq in east europe etc. 
  while the usa will ( rumors ) send 1200 soldier , while have 4 times the population ... 
  it happend some raf terrorists escaped to east germany and erich honecker was from west germany, 
  maybe , crazy idea here , maybe if russia did n't sanction the import of food , maybe consumer prices had n't rise so much ... i know crazy !, 
  so far nothing is official , but rumor is germany will send troops into lithuania . 
  but we will know more after warsaw, 
  it was, 
  the problem is , they should n't have time to commit any crime . 
  arrivale -  ask for asylum -  send them back the next day . 
   just to clear things up , i meant nothing happened in terms of the recognition of the term `` genocide '' you are right !, 
  there was not a single genocide in the last 100 years !, 
  no , send them back . 
  i only wanted to clarify that the german goverment also has means to protect his people . 
  in germany there is also die sicherheitsverwahrung , which means jail for the rest of your live if you there is the high change if you do a heavy crime again . 
  ( sorry it 's to early for english ), 
  a few news story ? 
  sorry if i want to buy hard drugs in my city i have to go to some guys from ee . 
  when there is a burglary there are some guys from ee .
