  got ta clear out those boring old europeans anyway to make room for these new , diverse , good europeans . 
  good places for fences . 
  so the world must be improved at the expense of your countrymen ? 
   meant that they learn how to survive and built a service sector to make wealth instead of dependning on industry . 
  you mean they learned how to best serve the global financial vampires , who had overseen the offshoring and outsourcing that impoverished the north . 
   we however already had over 400k applications until the end of august and now you 're projected to literally get another million in the last 3 months . 
  merkel 's welcome mat made a pretty big difference . 
  what are the aegean and mediterranean thingies ? 
  land bridges ? 
  will any german language survive until the 22nd ? 
   illegal immigrants in the us -- obviously , disregarding the act of initially illegally-immigrating -- have a lower rate of being jailed for crime than do the native-born that 's not what your ( oft-repeated ) link says :  immigrants have lower incarceration rates than natives is not the same as * illegal * immigrants have lower incarceration rates than natives it 's basically immeasurable , especially since there are a totally unknown number of illegal immigrants here . 
  estimates range from 10-30 million people . 
  also it 's hilarious that they admit these immigrants are n't assimilating . 
  as delicious as the irony would be , lingua franca apparently stems from the greeks of constantinople referring to a western trade language being `` the language of the franks '' . 
  they referred to most western europeans as franks : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lingua_franca, 
   to say that this is meaningful , i 'd want to know what the ambush rate was , say , four years ago , and what it is now . 
  i think it 's up to those who proposed societal changes to defend it . 
  how many police ambushes were conduct in 1955 sweden ? 
  swedes emigrating to the us also did n't make suburbs into no-go zones . 
  major * global * corporation . 
  they have no loyalty to us or to you . 
  only the bottom line . 
   this is actually a much bigger moral problem than some here give it credit for . 
  no it is n't , send these people back !, 
  `` muslim forum germany '' , aka `` bundestag 2060 . '', 
  when your job is 50 % public speaking you need to keep in mind the consequences of what you say . 
  this is the same country that now has to start worrying about the police being ambushed in immigrant neighborhoods . 
   half-serious , half-joking [ yup , half joking ] ( https://imgur.com/ejextxf ), 
  i guess i do n't see a bunch of corporate vultures as any more organic than people elected by frechmen to the government , but it 's your culture to burn down . 
   sorry to bust you bubble , but we have toilets longer standing than usa ... 
  so what ? 
  there were people living there before 1783 , and they themselves were part of english culture . 
   it really makes a huge difference if you put people of different culture and religion into nation that existed 1000 + years ... 
  i do n't disagree with this , but to act like the us had no culture , and sprung up out of no where a few decades ago is very , very silly . 
  and it does n't matter because europe is importing our media and importing middle easterners . 
  europe will not exist in a century . 
   being islamist does not mean that you are not democratic . 
  and being democratic does n't mean you are good . 
  as we know from zimbabwe and south africa , that is acceptable . 
   develop organically without any hollywood advertising ? 
  without radio stations choosing which songs to play ? 
  the mistake is to think the corporate moneymen are neutral on this issue . 
   host some hundred thousand refugees . 
  uh , it 's over a million a year . 
  if europe does n't change these laws that say you ca n't have an enforcable border , it is toast . 
   europe is not a zoo where americans or other foreigners can experience the `` ye olde europe '' experience . 
  it will be a zoo where americans and other foreigners will wonder what ever happened to the people who built such beautiful churches . 
   it 's a natural consequence of globalization and global communication . 
  so much for diversity , eh ? 
   most of them were already in europe . 
  then what are they fleeing from ? 
   the us had no culture or history of its own 200 years ago because it did not even exist as a country . 
  not only did we have a culture in 1815 , but we had been a country for 32 years ... 
  haha stupid spaniard , not celebrating the invasion of his country !, 
   the hispanics are not as economically successful but they are culturally quite close . 
  speak for yourself , matey . 
   and the right ( merkel/csu ) is also supporting it out of a careful risk/benefit consideration who says this is why they are doing this ? 
  these people are n't stupid , they know they will be first given special treatment and then when they are powerful enough they will be able to force their beliefs on native europeans . 
   people from the west emigrating into the east also largely maintain their own culture . 
  an eastern country has a right to defend itself from receiving a million westerners a year just as much as the reverse . 
   a vicious , adversarial press to keep 'em honest . 
  of course , if the press is full of their college buddies , the likelihood of that is roughly nil . 
  i 'm not following you . 
  vermont should be vermont , not california . 
  nah , trump wants to stay out of the mess and is fine with putin/assad setting things to right . 
   you 're comparing a temporal dod review on females in combat positions to field operations . 
  military standards have been corroding for years to cater to social experimentation and the growing waistline of the average american . 
  we are expanding our special forces in size and scope to make up for our increasingly bloated and ineffective regular army . 
  our geography does not help us wage war in lithuania against russia . 
  nobody is suggesting that russia is going to conduct a red dawn situation and invade the us . 
  i 'm suggesting that in a serious confrontation between nato and russia over a conflict on russia 's border things are not going to be a walk in the park today . 
  in a few decades i would be even less certain of our capabilities to wage war successfully across the globe in someone else 's backyard . 
  pretty much the same tbh fam . 
   often two patrols go on the alarms in these areas so that one patrol can guard the vehicles . 
  what is this , black hawk down ? 
  is n't oxford one of the sources for the future leaders of the management and governing class ? 
  these people may not be prime minister one day , but they 'll be the ones running business and bureaucracy . 
  the grass is always greener on the other side . 
  if they do n't they should be denied asylum . 
   nato is a defensive pact among liberal democracies . 
  do n't forget hungary !, 
  it 's a thought experiment . 
  why should there be consequences if independent scotland and russia do that ? 
  there are no consequences when nato expands its influence . 
   i 've no idea what you are trying to say here . 
  from what you are saying , it 's ok for the us to set up shop in countries next to russia through nato , but it 's not ok for russia to ( theoretically ) set up shop next to nato countries diplomatically . 
   however , this would lead to breakdown in relations between scotland and the rest of the western world . 
  so it would n't * really * be ok .  however , nato is not premised on nato members being equally subject to risks or equally able to save each other from threats . 
  quite the opposite . 
  right , it 's a way for the us to assume the defense responsibilities of all the other members , who then do n't have to spend as much on their military . 
  in exchange , american ngos get full access to all nato countries , american businesses sell american weapon systems , and nato countries change their military to best fit into american org charts . 
  it sounds like a sphere of influence to me . 
  a sphere of influence can be accepted voluntarily . 
   i think you are writing of the usa a little too soon . 
  while the russians gain practical experience in ukraine and now syria , the us military is mostly worried about how best to put women into all their units . 
  for now we have technical and logistical advantages over russia , but that will not be true forever . 
  we could n't even beat a bunch of illiterate goatfuckers in afghanistan with all the high explosive in the world . 
  you can get a college education without becoming an academic . 
  most people do . 
  take comfort - it is not the us sabotaging europe , it is our shared global elites sabotaging every western nation .
