  this is basically the position of our ruling class . 
  it 's going to be a big problem for us , too . 
   so sending back is an option . 
  send them where ? 
  they do n't remember where they are from and they threw out their papers . 
   even 1 % of a billion is still ten million people over what time period , too ? 
  africa 's population is set to explode : http://data.unicef.org/gen2030/ 2b in 20 years , 4b in 85 years . 
  this is going to lead to increased instability -  more people who want to leave -  more new european citizens . 
  what is the number of africans and me that would pose a problem for europe ? 
  that ca n't be right . 
  i think you mean `` 12-year old girl astrophysicist from syria illegally kidnapped and tortured by barbarian hungarians . '', 
   refugees do n't automatically gain citizenship . 
  not giving them citizenship is racist . 
  what are you going to do , send them back ? 
  they do n't have any papers and they do n't remember where they are from . 
  say hello to 1,000,000 new germans every year !, 
  there are a billion people living in africa and me - you will be boiling for a very long time . 
  minus hungary there have n't been any \\* attempts \\* to stop it . 
  reality must be adjusted to match their beliefs . 
  1054 worst year of my life, 
  no problem , lots of replacements coming soon !, 
   when the taliban rule your country , no one is a bigger enemy . 
  well , unless you support the taliban because you 're opposed to child rapists and the opium trade ... 
  yeah , the right-wing run media is really doing a number on the minds of the people . 
   if you 're a journalist you should always remain impartial . 
  lol you mean you 're only supposed to take pictures of women and children . 
   everyone is potential rapist , lets lock ourselfs up . 
  you would start raping people if you were detained for a few weeks before being accepted into europe ? 
  lol `` accept these potential rapists with even less security oversight , otherwise they will rape each other instead of your own citizens '', 
  1m per year was the last big figure projected before mama merkel started having second thoughts it would only be a few decades before it would be muslim majority, 
  can you move london to the continent ? 
  the difference is that the people in charge want less boring old europeans and more of these brand new europeans . 
  that 's why boring old croatians have to follow rules but people from africa and the levant without papers do n't . 
  grenade attacks by new swedes are fine so long as only boring old swedes get hurt . 
  it 's like these people live in another reality . 
  or de_facto lives in a gated community with enough security to keep out the riff raff , but is fine with them moving into someone else 's neighborhood . 
  lol all i 'm saying is this idea that `` all refugees are syrian scientists and smarter than europeans '' is hilarious . 
  the person you responded to questioned the ability of * all * refugees to be able to quickly learn the language . 
  you answered by saying `` syrians are well educated . '', 
  the majority of these brand new europeans are not from syria , making your post irrelevant . 
   it does n't cost anyone anything ????????? 
  everybody who has discarded his passport is from syria now . 
  that is only true when trying to pick on third world hellholes . 
  that is pretty much the only purpose of most current western militaries . 
  they are , they 're importing as many as they can get their hands on . 
  so now we have to pretend there is no historical conflict between shiites and sunnis , otherwise people are going to feel bad ? 
   did you ever find it interesting that european wars are rarely described as ` sectarian ' ? 
  only by morons . 
  some of the biggest european wars were sectarian . 
  it matters fuck all . 
  if the war was in germany between protestants and catholics and they were fleeing to syria it would be the same thing - sectarian strife . 
  and it would be 100 % accurate to call it 5 centuries old , because that 's when the reformation started !, 
   we have a lot of dog-whistle terms to belittle other cultures that we do n't even realise sometimes are condescending in their usage . 
  well grow the fuck up . 
  the real world is n't a gender studies classroom lecture on how words hurt your feelings . 
   not having kids =| not having sex . 
  good point , anal wo n't help you . 
  lol you got me , my two letter typo means the war in syria will be over soon : dddd, 
  where did you get that from my post ? 
  the fighting in syria is sectarian in nature ; fixing that will require either allowing assad to assert secular authority by bloody force , or by resolving that sectarian conflict . 
  it has nothing to do with europe 's history . 
   i ca n't get my head around why this is n't dusturbing for the people , who suffered under the iron curtain during the last century . 
  the iron curtain was forced on europe by a distant and hostile regime . 
  that is very different from a country securing it 's own border to protect its own people . 
  yeah , i mean all we have to do is end the millennia-old conflict between sunnis and shiites in islam . 
  piece of cake , three weeks work for un . 
  we 've accepted german refugees once , and it looks like in about 20 years we will do so again . 
  why do n't you have kids instead of relying on foreigners to care for you in your retirement ? 
  ca n't get it up ? 
  that 's weird , none of those numbers hit the 50 % mark for a majority ... 
  based hungary ca n't not try to save europe . 
   humanity put men on the moon . 
  that 's weird , i thought only * one * country put men on the moon . 
  boy that 's a lot of future germans !, 
  europeans and their descendants * are * a tiny minority . 
  but we 're toast . 
  a new , 100 % diverse and good people will replace us !, 
  obviously future german generations will look at us with disgust . 
  we 're white ( and that 's a problem ) . 
   if we applied the same idea to the native german population , at least half the country would need to be deported . 
  so this is why you want refugees so badly , you hate your fellow countrymen . 
  how sad . 
   not according to economists . 
  --  plutocrats who hate average americans  they wo n't do it for minimum wage either . 
  then gee we 're going to have to pay them more . 
  it would be horrible if people were able to raise a family on a blue collar wage , right ? 
  ** and lol your link even says more illegals wo n't help with farms !, 
  ** so why do we need them ?? 
  it must be fabrication of evil anti-immigration nazis !, 
   cheap migrant labour is a good thing for them no it is n't . 
   but they wo n't and even if they do , their work ethic is far worse . 
  americans wo n't do that work for just a few dollars a day . 
  why should we import foreigners to break the minimum wage law ? 
   that 's pretty much exactly why the us looks the other way to illegal mexican immigration . 
  right , because our government is run by plutocrats who hate average americans . 
  certainly mama merkel has enough room for them !, 
  however , how many of those people with handguns are * citizens * as the op originally used ? 
  give it about 20 years ... 
   and it 's 2015 . 
  what does that matter ?
