   where are they supposed to live ? 
  kick out the racist ethnic germans and give the houses to the people who really need them , you bigot !, 
  right . 
  ( you 're responding to a syrian refugee who does n't want to go to saudi arabia - see the flag there ), 
   with its low birth rate and aging population , needs to fill jobs and pay taxes . 
  god forbid anybody try to make the climate better for young families . 
  it would be racist not to , so yes . 
  those are the two choices . 
  be racist and expect syrians to fight for syria , or accept 1m new europeans every year . 
  it 'll only take two decades to solve syria by moving it to europe . 
   right , instead the solution is to gradually resettle the entirety of syria into europe . 
   the impact is barely significant really ? 
  you guys just have a million jobs lying around unclaimed ? 
  and a new million jobs created every year ? 
   and does n't even begin to compete with the impact of systemic issues that we have on poverty . 
  how will those systemic issues not be made worse by millions of new people living in poverty and mad about it ? 
   funded and armed by who ? 
  who 's going to train them ? 
  where are they going to train ? 
  sounds like a good project for the eu since they 're already there . 
   the solution is n't to throw more people in to the meat grinder . 
  right , instead the solution is to gradually resettle the entirety of syria into europe . 
  if these refugees are as wonderful as advertised , they could be a 750,000 strong force by themselves , outnumbering all current groups fighting in syria put together . 
  they even have a cause to fight for - make syria more like their idea of paradise , sweden . 
  people forgot it 's not supposed to be an instruction manual . 
   because it sucks ass to live in a refugee camp for your entire life ? 
  why do n't these hundreds of thousands of military-aged men retake their country ? 
   the dramatically rising wealth inequality . 
  what will a million new non-europeans do for that wealth inequality ? 
  more workers will further depress wages for common folks . 
  most of these refugees are n't going to compete with ceos for jobs though . 
   they ca n't shoot the people that is ultimately what backs up all laws ; its enforcement by violence . 
  but your countries could at least start by offering no resources to these people until they return to their refugee camps or to their country . 
   so immigration is actually good for us . 
  well gee , sounds like you guys need even more people to max out that economy !, 
  greece should be able to pay you back any day now , since they 're getting more people too !, 
   and with almost full employment . 
  then what will all these brand new germans do ? 
   a couple of thousand 500k/year in germany alone , forever, 
   yes , they are trying to encourage more kids , but it 's just not working out . 
  well i guess we should just give up then . 
   basically this : what pension fund is designed for and what it looks like and it 's going to be unsustainable because the world ca n't support that age distribution forever . 
  some day you 're going to have to cut off these pensions because western europe simply ca n't fit the population of the third world forever . 
   also you are saying that jsut to avoid `` paying little more '' they will gladly pay for accepting refugees ? 
  no , i 'm saying that the powers that be like immigration because it allows them to avoid paying the locals a competitive wage . 
  i suspect that this is partly the cause for the crashing birthrates amongst native europeans - it 's tough to have 3 kids if you have to compete with everyone on your continent to get a decent job . 
   people are wealth and greatest resource a country can have . 
  then why is syria giving away their wealth ? 
  should n't we help them keep their wealth ? 
  \\  substantial armed rebellion \\  about 500 armed men \\  internal disagreement amongst small homogenous population literally the same as resistance to the eu apparatus, 
  well sure , if your government stops caring about the preservation of its people . 
   and the top men ( and merkels ) do n't know what to do about the refugees and the non-integration they seem to know what to do with them , it 's just not very good for the common european people . 
   europe needs young cheap work force . 
  as more and more jobs are automated out of existence ? 
  also if germany wants more youngins you should encourage your citizens to have more kids , which means better economic opportunities and policies which do n't favor the old over the young . 
  cynically importing wage slaves to replace your citizens ( and keep them from seeing improved economic opportunities ) is treason , all to avoid having to pay people a little more . 
  the goal is to get rid of them , not use them to justify criminal foreigners in other formerly western nations . 
  they will tell you to get fucked , and because all the self-respecting germans died or left years ago you will do nothing ( but start researching how to convert to islam ) . 
  history exists outside modern france . 
   i 'd trade 100 refugees for a single one of you far-right trash . 
  you 're going to get those refugees for free , no trade needed . 
   the banlieues might have been a mistake , ** but it could n't be really forecast . 
  ** after all , it was the first time massive wave of immigration from a completely different culture happened in our society . 
  who could 've known massive demographic change would lead to social instability and deterioration, 
  that 's not even true : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/somali_american 25,000 out of ~ 80k live in minnesota ( which is n't just one or two cities ) . 
  and this is over the course of two decades , not one year . 
  if europe was accepting an equivalent number of refugees over the same time as the us has accepted somalis there would be zero problems . 
  that 's not what is happening . 
   no fence will stop people fleeing . 
  it seems to be working for israel and saudi arabia , who are rapidly constructing more fences . 
  the total number of somalis living in the entire us is a tenth of the number of refugees germany alone will accept in just one year : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/somali_diaspora the usa also happens to be a single country that is larger than europe and has more people in it than the combined population of the countries that are going to end up hosting these people ( they are not making a beeline for ukraine or spain ) . 
  pretty much . 
  all 1 billion people in africa are entitled to a house and stipend payed for by racist europeans . 
  it 's more that macedonia does n't have the resources ( and natural barriers ) to keep out the refugees than that they nobly want them there in large numbers . 
   destroy their homes and ancient culture . 
  i thought those things do n't matter and only a racist would want to preserve a culture in a country ? 
  we have our own illegal invasion to deal with , we do n't need another . 
  only the ones that resist arrest after refusing to be registered in an orderly manner at the first safe country they arrive at . 
  you know , the law . 
  i mean , once sweden is 90 % non-indigenous swede this problem will sort of take care of itself . 
  ^ ( to a country with less welcoming immigration laws , funny that ), 
  i do n't think the whole of nato is greater than the sum of its parts . 
   ... nato is n't involved with migrant processing . 
  a nice chunk of nato border states are . 
  decades of propaganda that native europeans in europe are evil ( and that european-americans in america are evil ) . 
  natives were racist and deserved it because they did n't welcome diversity . 
  about what ? 
  eu 's biggest militaries ran out of missiles trying to bomb libya . 
  without the us how are they going to remove vodka ? 
  i can if you want bb , 
  if they are in the us , the patrol attempts to arrest them . 
  all these countries being overrun presumably have militaries that are part of nato . 
  put those militaries on the borders to assist the border police to detain those who illegally cross the border . 
  pro-tip : a military afraid of being racist is going to be even more afraid of battle-hardened russian invasion forces . 
  they are detained and eventually deported . 
  i do n't have any better explanation . 
  khaleesi merkel is in germany . 
  nato ca n't stop ( mostly ) unarmed refugees . 
  without us air support europe would last a week . 
  there would n't be any shots at all , seeing as we have 10-30m people living illegally in the us , the majority from south of the border .
