lol * comrade * , as if any modern leftist could shoot anything other than heroin . 
  would n't want to trigger anybody . 
  it should be posted and upvoted every day until something is done to address this oncoming calamity . 
  several million every year !, 
   it still would require massive funding and maintenance to be effective so will integrating a few million new people every year , except that simply wo n't happen . 
   and it does n't address the problem of walling off an ocean but its still a better example . 
  once upon a time the nations of europe had navies . 
  they should rediscover the concept . 
   i challenge anyone to point to a historical example of a mass migration being prevented or stopped via walls and deportation . 
  israel has been doing it for years . 
  at this point i think merkel & co. read camp of the saints but mistakenly thought it was an instruction manual . 
  you need to tag this as sarcasm bro . 
  it 's a little too on-point . 
   untravelled because they are too poor to do so and pretend to be perfectly fine with not getting to know anyone but their own as a coping mechanism well gee , not everybody can be a wealthy , cultured genius like yourself . 
  it 's very interesting to me that many pro-immigration europeans seem to hate their countrymen and look forward to them being replaced . 
   i do n't know nearly enough information about german americans to agree or disagree with what you say but you 're going to do it anyway . 
   koreans fit in well because of the internment camps lol lol lol talk about being racist , there 's a difference between japanese people and korean people , magyar !, 
   but are you seriously suggesting that every large-scale immigrant groups in the us integrated because they were hassled into integration ? 
  that 's literally what i said , yes . 
  immigrant victimhood is a part of the story of ( for example ) irish and italian immigrants . 
  however , they were beaten into the mold of english-speaking vaguely-pan-european-ancestry americans . 
  they drink too much on st. patrick 's day or watch lots of gangster movies but that 's largely it . 
  in contrast we do n't do very much to make more recent immigrant groups conform ( because nowadays we know better and do n't want to be racist ! ), 
  so we have more problems integrating them . 
  anyway , your countrymen know the score . 
  it 's germany that needs to wake up . 
  how many chinese immigrants does the netherlands get per year , roughly ? 
  i suspect part of the reason they are well behaved and you do n't mind them is 1 . the kind that immigrates from china is already wealthier than average immigrants and 2 . there are n't 800,000 / year coming over to set up parallel societies . 
  but they ca n't be set back if you do n't know where they are from . 
  what are the modern police going to do , beat a confession out of them ? 
  they 'll stay in processing camps forever or until some little girl is killed in a camp and then the media says they need to be made into citizens . 
  the state may try , but they wo n't be effective . 
  our best integrated large-scale immigrant groups only integrated because they were openly abused by the people already there . 
  it took ww1 and bullying on a national scale to make my german ancestors speak english , and they were a bunch of just-following-orders , keep your head down types . 
  the modern western government does n't have the stomach to make people integrate , and the people they are importing are much more likely to resist integration in the first place . 
  he was , when this mess kicked off . 
  he may still be the best option available but it 's going to be so much harder to do . 
  well gee , it 's nice the german government did n't just throw her out the window to make room . 
  these brand new germans are way better than boring old germans . 
  the day of the boring old germans is over , and about time !, 
  100 % diversity for germany !, 
  three decades from now when there are lots of neighborhoods where you ca n't host a gay pride parade . 
  it 'll be too late by then . 
   putin is likely the worlds richest person . 
  he does n't come close to the richest financial and tech wizards . 
  that does n't justify the corruption of course . 
  he may be the world 's * most powerful * person . 
  lol look out origami we have a badass over here, 
   you know that those values only work in a society that is n't homogeneous , right ? 
  it 's the opposite - those things only work in homogeneous societies where everyone agrees those values are good . 
   do you honestly think a few fences can keep away the super-muslim and his sidekick captain immigrant ? 
  seems to be working for one small ethnic state in the middle east ... 
  hopefully the rest of germany does better in 2016 . 
  maybe it 'll sound better in arabic . 
  so the media , which says that ahmed here is a victim of evil racist fat ugly texans , is dishonest ? 
  does that mean ahmed might * not * be a victim ? 
   the most anti-immigration country ever . 
  if the previous wave of immigrants turned out bad , why would you add more to it ... 
  if ( when ) europe gets fucked they will go be refugees somewhere else ( or just go home ) . 
  they 're going to be disproportionately represented in financial and media industries ? 
  we viciously bullied all those immigrants into assimilating . 
  it was a lot of work and it hurt a lot of feelings . 
  western european countries are not willing and maybe not even capable of doing what we did to make those groups assimilate . 
   so yeah the region 's fucked . 
  us and our allies really fucked with it over and over . 
  so therefore ... everyone living in the me has a right to live in europe ? 
  if you 're not looking to manipulate people why do you need pr ? 
  ca n't he just talk to people honestly ? 
  this is why people think something fishy is going on . 
  what does some dumb 14 year old need pr help for ? 
  companies and politicians need to be coached for public relations . 
  entrepreneurs ( especially the rootless tech moguls ) are going to want to pay people as little as possible until their employees are rendered into slaves , you autist . 
  the point is we want to have a livable society , so we ca n't reduce everyone ( except for mark zuckerberg ) to living on a dollar a day . 
  `` we can always use more workers because we should always lower wages to increase production '' is trivially true but only a soulless robot thinks that 's a good idea . 
  so they just stay in a camp somewhere , forever ? 
   that currently , immigration law interferes with us entrepreneurs from obtaining labor necessary to produce new products . 
  * where is the evidence of this ??? 
   at every business where it would only be profitable to hire someone below the current market rate for labor . 
  i 'm not talking about econ 101 generalities . 
  what is the real benefit to the us specifically , right now , to h1b visas ? 
  what is the problem that you are trying to solve with it ? 
  why should we try to reduce all wages to below minimum wage like with illegal immigrants ? 
   the tech industry having labor constraints eased would permit it to produce more how many units of tech industry more will we produce per wage-suppressing h1b mercenary ? 
   where today businesses are n't able to do things because they 're outbid by the businesses that do have workers . 
  where is this actually happening ? 
  what bottleneck ? 
  what industry ? 
  so again , what is the advantage for the us to import tech serfs instead of having the people already here be paid better for those jobs ? 
  but there 's no need for that - http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-11-24/the-tech-worker-shortage-doesnt-really-exist it 's a program to benefit silicon valley overlords so they do n't have to pay people good wages . 
  how would that benefit the us ? 
  lol the migrants run over european cops , how would you force the us to do anything ? 
  how could you be so heartless , are you a nazi ? 
  lol you 're a very silly person if you think a country protecting its borders is the same thing as the soviet union fencing in people in occupied countries . 
  so , starting in 6-8 years from now ... 1,000,000 new germans every year !, 
  why not both ? 
  the gop wants the illegals as blue-collar serfs and the h1bs as white-collar serfs . 
  the democrats want both to be made citizens as they will vote straight democratic . 
  current citizens be damned . 
  i agree again . 
  most establishment politicians in the us want this .
