  in dutch it 's `` kerk '' though . 
  but . . every word for church in different languages mean the same . . 
  yes, 
  ~ ~ the dev has said in the past that he wants the samurai world combat that is currently in the game . ~ ~ besides ranged weapons might break combat balance with kiting and just overall bad mechanics . 
  ~ ~ wo n't expect it into the game at all except for static defenses . ~ ~, 
  you 're right , i 'm mistaken . 
  april 2015 , literally took me 3 seconds to google . 
  is is also 40 % off on steam though , same price . 
  first two witchers are 85 % off . 
  rust has a chance to launch on one , not on 360 :\\ ^ ), 
  same thing with the movie `` the red pill '' , people will continue to judge books on their covers . 
  [ context ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-bq8s_jho8 ), 
  but then you could argue that not fertilizing the egg inside a woman is murder , too . 
  are all men and women murderers ? 
  edit : people seem to be missing the counterpoint . 
  i 'm pro choice , but everyone can tell that there is n't much difference between an newborn and baby in the womb that 's 10 seconds away from being born . 
  where is the line , though ? 
  it 's a question of morality that does n't have a straight yes/no answer . 
  people raise the point that the baby might have a soul , or a future that is being denied . 
  perhaps the baby will have a terrible life , getting adopted , foster care and being abused , saving it from a terrible life . 
  perhaps they 'll invent the cure to cancer , save the world or just make another person 's life bearable , who knows ? 
  i just believe people should respect each other 's feelings , regardless where they stand . 
  either way , to convince people by appealing to extremes is neither the `` right '' way nor very helpful . 
  wait until he leaves with his forces , assault the tribal holding , get 100 war score . 
  it was actually a work of / r/dankmemes though . 
  they requested permission to put it back after the black void invaded there and the dutch people allowed it , cus dank memes . 
  [ pretty sure it was the / r/totallynotrobots people wanting to put their idea there . 
  finland, 
  nederland, 
  alabama and florida are also inspired by the old spanish flag . 
  first screenshot he posted shows him playing morocco . 
  rule 5 :, 
  so saxony really wants to be my friend , but also does n't want to ditch their fellow germans . 
  apart from those hre minors inside of you creating border gore , pretty good . 
  what 's ty ? 
  yeah same here , no issues . 
  do n't talk to me or my son ever again . 
  r/anime _ irl, 
  warhammer : geheimistnacht is the mod . 
  i usually have designated haulers/builders if i 'm at 30 + people , might be an idea . 
  she even firmly said `` no '' the first time and he continued anyway. , no doubt he would 've ignored it again the 2nd time . 
  honestly looks like a good buy if you replace the second picture with crusaders . 
  deus vult memes have endured for quite a long time for example , just do n't flood the market !, 
  you 've insulted our whole culture by comparing a hotdog to a [ frikandelboordje , ] ( http://www.delifrance.com/media/catalog/product/cache/3/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/s/7/s7154c.jpg ) it would be comparable to calling a steak a hamburger !, 
  preposterous !, 
  is n't depression linked to a reduced immume system ? 
  might be talking out of my ass / old wives ' tale though , so do n't quote me on that . 
  / u/waterkerel12, 
   afford a car, 
  that 's what they want you to think / u/deanislig , they want your donuts and stalk your reddit !, 
  which is the purpose of every able-bodied christian in life , deus vult etc etc. 
  i just wanted to point out , that the last 12 champions ( thresh , vi , nami , zed , elise , kha'zix , syndra , rengar , diana , zyra , jayce , and draven . ), 
  all only have one skin apart from their default skin . 
  my question to you , what 's your opinion on this ? 
  would you like to see more skins for the more new champions ? 
  i can understand that the really new champions thresh and vi do not have more than 1 skin yet , but still for 10 champions . 
  i just want clarification on why they decided to do it like they did . 
  i decided to play it different this time . 
  being a vassal instead of the top liege , i found out how broken the revoke titles option was . 
  there are two possible outcomes for the liege lord in question :, 
  he demands to revoke a title and the vassal complies . 
  he gets a small worth-for-nothing -20 opinion bonus with other vassals and gets the title he wanted . 
  the vassal in question refuses , and is forced into a war with his former liege . 
  the liege lord will not get a penalty with other vassals , even though he un-rightfully attempted to revoke a vassal title and only has to beat his obviously less powerful vassal into the ground . 
  now , obviously i come into the situation wherein my liege lord previously was worried into a battle with the muslims in spain and was being attacked by his younger brother of both italy and bavaria . 
  he 's the emperor of both francia and the holy roman empire . 
  i declared war on him while he was distracted and seized the lands that i had a claim on . 
  after the war , he decides it is time to get back his land , and forces me to give it up . 
  i refuse and even though technically he is the one declaring war on me , for refusing to hand it over , i am somehow the aggressor and am either forced to take the truce breaker penalty or just give it up . 
  is this really how it is supposed to work ? 
  and how is that fair ? 
  also , i ran into the problem where i want to take primogeniture as my inheritance law , but am unable because i am de jure part of the holy roman empire . 
  since he has the empire of francia as his primary title , he refuses to increase crown law in the holy roman empire , ever . 
  what can i do to fix that ? 
  * wew * this really got longer than i wanted it to be , so :, 
  ** tl ; dr ** refusing vassal revocation while having a truce with your liege gives you the truce breaker penalty and problems with getting the emperor of the holy roman empire and francia to increase crown law in his other titles to take primogeniture . 
  first of all , i 'm from / r/crusaderkings2 and i 've seen [ quil18 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlcscbcw4dq&list=sps3acgygi1-vx6u5k0ctyajcyvl3odzdg ) videos . 
  i 've followed eu3 around a bit on youtube but have n't played myself . 
  which faction should i take , one that is easy and safe to learn and explore the gameplay options from eu4 ? 
  edit : thanks all for the suggestions . 
  it seems the major western nations are the easiest to begin with . 
  just as the title says . 
  i 've had multiple other nations convert already but i have n't gotten the chance yet . 
  i assumed it would be the same as in eu3 but this is n't the case . 
  so i started a game as portugal and i 've been really successful ( and lucky ) in fighting castille . 
  now i 've noticed that i 've got the option to `` form spain militarily '' . 
  now i wonder what if i form spain ? 
  will i keep my national ideas ? 
  because they seem more attractive to me . 
  the iberian culture penalty being removed also does sound nice . 
  what should i do ? 
  so i 've mainly colonized in the americas as portugal and wondered if anyone else had more success in asia . 
  if you were to colonize everything it would automatically forward it since there is no one collecting it and a lot of the trade nodes have only 1 trade exit . 
  also , would it be worth for me to build trade power buildings in sevilla ? 
  a lot of people are attempting to steer trade away from it , but since i already have 185 trade power i ca n't see increasing it helping the overall percentage . 
  currently i earn nearly half of my income from trade , which is about ~ 70 ducats . 
  this could increase drastically if the people were n't steering away my wealth . 
  currently , giving out keys is just posting them ( with some sort of puzzle to avoid bots ) and the people that are the fastest or have the free time to find the post the quickest . 
  now the suggestion is to make a thread and people will have a designated time to comment , and a random person will win the key . 
  this will give equal chances .
