  i never knew renly was a homosexual until i read it here . . 
  yes , since they remember what happend to the last bride of ramsay bolton . 
  she died eating her own fingers , which makes ramsay show his true side . 
  edit : i 'm implying that the lords will think that ramsay bolton killed arya . 
  400 + attempting to reconnect and game freezing for 5 - 15 seconds . 
  happens about 2 - 3 times a game . 
  euw server . 
  it was n't a tomcat/house cat though . 
  iirc , a leopard or a snow tiger, 
  bran 's legs are still there though . 
  they just do n't work anymore . 
  head on over to / r/asoiaf and join the club , tinfoil hats not included . 
  repeating myself ;, 
   beta, 
   hot girlfriend willing to have sex, 
   does n't have sex, 
  op is a homosexual . 
  indeed . 
  i do think that the family , the freys , wo n't be trusted for many centuries to come and will be despised as traitors behind their backs . 
  yeah , but i guess when you really get to `` see '' it without vague details as in the books , you 'll notice it rather quickly . 
  that or they simply did n't have the screen time explains why they did n't do it . 
  named `` the ghost of winterfell '' killing people in winterfell by the end of adwd , literally is a ghost . 
  now that would be interesting . . 
  they just seem so badass . 
  first the scene where he wants the van and gets his two fingers bitten off by grey wind , and he just laughs and shrugs it off . 
  the greatjon drunk in the red wedding and as soon as shit hits the fan it still took 8 man to take him down , while still killing one of them and wounding 2 , biting somebody 's ear off , too . 
  plus the smalljon threw a table over in defense of robb against the crossbow men . 
  how can you not like them ? 
  even tormund will grow jealous of your enormous manhood !, 
  order it , now !, 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` that is , if it 's true . 
  i hardly see it as a stated fact '' ), 
  [ affc/adwd . 
  ] ( #b `` she wants to head across the sea to find jaqen . 
  in order to do so , she goes to a port , sells her horse and wants a passage east across the sea . 
  she gets told it is n't enough . 
  then she remembers the coin , and shows it to the person from bravos . 
  he recognizes the coin and it 's meaning , and allows her to join them on their ship for free . '', 
  you mean 3 year old girl locked up in his basement . 
  to be fair , robb got stabbed right in the upper chest by bolton shortly afterwards . 
  the howling abyss looks like a battlecruiser from starcraft 2 . . 
  [ battlecruiser on the right ] ( http://sclegacy.com/features/final-meta/full/battlecruiser-evolution.jpg ), 
  they can hardly combine for about 150,000 right now . 
  the westerlands are nearly spent from the war against robb . 
  most of their forces lie dead in the riverlands and the black water . 
  the reach is strong , but divided . 
  the greyjoys are raiding their homes and are forced to station troops there . 
  they are also assaulting castles in the stormlands , surely a part is to die there . 
  overall i think they can combine about 60,000 which are divided over the lands . 
  to further on this fact , doran even mentioned both he and oberyn were planning it all along . 
   the nights watch 's ranks would swell as there would n't be a civil war to steal away recruits . 
  the night 's watch never got a lot of recruits , even in times of peace . 
  they 're just some people defending a wall against grumpkins in the eyes of the people . 
   the wildlings would hesitate in attacking the newly reinforced wall . 
  i doubt it . 
  they boast that under mance 's leadership they 'll smash the wall down . 
  even if the watch got 5000 more man , they 'd still outnumber them to like 40 to 1 . 
  they 've got hundreds and thousands of people , although they do not have discipline . 
   robert 's lifestyle would lead him to an early grave though . 
  perhaps , but it 's just chance . 
  he 's got his king 's guard to protect him and thousands of men in battle . 
  i doubt any of the lords will join the lannisters , knowing robert made them friends . 
  perhaps the vale and dorne would stay neutral and the greyjoys are just dicks making for attempt 3 likely , crossing their fingers . 
  after the lannisters are crushed/surrendered , the north will return home , most likely defend the wall and crush the free folk just like they did in the old days . 
  also , [ agot ] ( #b `` ned thinks about telling it to robert instead and ask robert to keep cersei or jaime hostage for the time being , but the children would n't be spared and he thinks otherwise . '', 
   beric dondarrion 's flaming sword, 
  [ agot/acok ] ( #b `` does n't gendry 's blacksmith where he is an apprentice explain that beric dondarrion buys so much swords of him because he uses wildfire on the swords in order to light it up , damaging the swords ? '', 
  everything was better than i hoped for . 
  i love these stories but it was worth it . 
  mac master race ^ ^ ^ ^ jk, 
  flash is a blink . 
  [ asos ] ( #b `` most likely his death scene , or just before that . '', 
  description of robb 's crown :, 
   an open circlet of hammered bronze incised with the runes of the first men , surmounted by nine black iron spikes wrought in the shape of longswords . 
  it is said to look much the same as the one worn by the former stark kings in the north . 
  although it 's not clear to me whom is wearing it . 
  was it at the siege of riverrun ? 
  i remember ser ryman frey being hanged by the bwb . 
  ( brotherhood without banners ), 
  i assume she got it off the whore he most likely took with him . 
  the stable man from winterfell , that was sent with the party to hunt down gregor clegane and bring him to justice . 
  the moment arya recognizes him and reveals herself to them was great . 
  edit : i believe his name was harwyn ? 
  `` what is one life for the whole of westeros ? '', 
  i 'm sure stannis had noble intentions by burning his own nephew . 
  10 out of 10 book readers suggest to read the whole series . 
  there is just so much to miss if you skip it , not only the minor characters , but the thoughts behind the people , too . 
  i 'm sure some of them will combine eachother . 
  the only reason for barristan to have a pov is to view the situation in mereen without dany . 
  euron has little to offer from his pov , i 'm sure that at least one of these characters will have no pov and be in the background to give the reader a sense of mystery with what 's going on with him/her . 
  ( tyrion perhaps ? ), 
  this was posted by a / r/gameofthrones person not so long ago , except it was all uploaded in imgur . . 
  edit : it used the exact same images and same movies as examples . 
  they 're basicly a prequel starting 70 ( ? ), 
  years earlier than a song of ice and fire does following a person named ser duncan the tall . 
  i have n't read it myself because i 'm waiting for all three of the currently released books to be released in a package together , so i have n't read them myself yet . 
  it 's to note that the other writers do ask grrm from time to time if events match his devious master end plans . 
  200x0 .32 = 64 , 64 - 59 = 5 armor left . 
  the many men would still be attempting to take the walls , tywin 's forces still would 've crushed them from behind , but more troops would be saved on the boats . 
  tyrion might 've died to the king 's guard or the baratheon forces , really depends on where he was .
