  i 've confirmed that ( early ) carracks work , which usually patrol since i have more than two different sea ports in two local seas . 
  the child is probably born of some sunni concubine . 
  the child can inherit the `` culture look '' from either his mother or father iirc . 
  you just wait until they form the common wealth , happened in my game . 
  they 're at least in the top 3 most powerful nations . 
  i remember a french king named guy . 
  google translator it from french and listen to it . 
  it kinda makes sense as a name . 
  select `` other '' and fill in `` kyle duster & marina stever '' . 
  it does not say that it requires it , but i believe you have to be either orthodox or christian in order to create it . 
  you 're probably tengri . 
  it could be that stannis has one recessive and one dominant . 
  i 'm not sure what the estermonds had or specifically , his mother . 
  if he has blonde recessive and his wife , selyse , has two recessive it 's a 50/50 chance of blonde . 
  the asoiaf wiki only describes one estermond , and that was that he had brown eyebrows . 
  it 's hard to tell really . 
  you gain army force limit for every province with a base of 3 army force limit . 
  you can also take the quality idea and once you 've completed it you will get +33 % total force limit for land . 
  ships force limit is every province with a harbor/adjacent to a sea tile . 
  well , if you 're `` hacking '' , what did you do ? 
  if you 're simply saying to edited the save file/used cheats , then i can see why it would n't work . 
  there are certain events that just mess with it if you overwrite the source . 
  for example , when you change your laws from gavelkind to primogeniture with either a cheat or editing the save file , you would not be able to destroy kingdom titles , because the computer believes you have gavelkind . 
  ( from personal experiences ), 
  edit : to fix this , simply have your heir be educated by a orthodox greek . 
  ( because blinding people is just fun . ), 
  there 's a good chance that the educator will change this . 
  be sure to take tucujulandia ( which is just down a bit down from the tip ) and pernambuco ( which is a bit farther to the upper left from the tip of brazil ), 
  these both have gold and earn a lot of money . 
  after you 've cored them they 'll probably make together about 14 a year , which is more than 1 a month . 
  also having full built colonies not only give money , but they add towards your force limits . 
  which means you can have more units . 
  it 's an investment and once you reach the point where you earn a load of money and ran out of space to upgrade tax from , your colonies can be upgraded in turn which results in even more money . 
  it 'll cost you 100 administrative power . 
  use the shield button on the lop left . 
  go to government , the first one in the tab ( the crown one on the left ) . 
  round button with a crown and a arrow to the right . 
  it 's on the left side on the screen . 
  click it and change it to a republic . 
  i do n't like the battle system in the eu series . 
  you need to know 3 things : the traits of your commander , ( shock value is best early game , but fire does matter a bit . ), 
  the terrain , and your military tech compared to his . 
  besides that , i can see that the 100 % and the 110 % . 
  this is the discipline of one 's army . 
  it 's a rare thing to have , but spain has 110 % , which means that his troops fight 10 % better . 
  then there 's the combat width . 
  having more troops does n't neccesarily mean that those troops are actively fighting . 
  you can see on the left of the battle screen the tiny blocks . 
  these represent units . 
  some units are in the back , meaning they do n't deal damage . 
  besides that , it seems the enemy has 4.3 morale and you only have 3.6 , which will mean that you have less morale . 
  the more morale somebody has , the more damage the units deal . 
  and all apart from that , there 's the random dice . 
  this is my least favourite of all . 
  the higher the roll , the more damage/morale damage your units do . 
  it 's random . 
  there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  even if you are equal , somebody snowball the battle . 
  an early high shock throw like 9 against 0 and the person snowballs and most likely will win the battle . 
  go to your financial overview , right above the misionairy costs there 's colony upkeep . 
  reduce it and people will not head towards it . 
  lower it enough and people start to leave the colony . 
  having more than 2 colonies will drastically increase the cost . 
  the first two would be like 4 ducats a month cost and the third will cost like 8 ducats a month . 
  which is 400 % of the other colonies ' cost . 
  well , you messed up big if that 's the case . 
  try to negotiate peace . 
  you 'll have to give up regions if they 're winning that badly . 
  negotiate with the biggest alliance against you . 
  if there are smaller ones you might be able to rebuild and fight back , but that depends . 
  then attempt a convert operation and attempt to get your nation 's nationalists in their counties . 
  if it does n't succeed at least you will weaken the nation for others . 
  my personal plan is to give up the 100 years war right away , giving away the two regions in southern france . 
  from there , attack the irish and scotland ( best is to probably vassalise them and help them with rebellions . 
  they are pretty weak early on anyway . 
  while the truce lasts , make alliances with powerful people like castille and austria . 
  i have n't played england yet , but that would be my plan . 
  that 's not how it works ;p, 
  move to them and attach your units to him . 
  if you 're lucky the other army will follow . 
  i believe the game `` scans '' the base save game , and requires the save game from checksums and such . 
  that 's my guess , at least . 
  just to add , proclaiming guarantee and warning people also counts as a relationship . 
  because the cheats were mostly used in beta to test certain game aspects and responses . 
  it has n't been exactly kept up to date with all the dlcs and updates , so whenever you try to `` forcefully '' change an number in the game some things just get broken along the way . 
  just have your heir be educated by a orthodox and i 'm sure it 'll be fine . 
  you lose legitimacy , like 15 or so . 
  i think it depends on the amount of counties you annex . 
  for the people that do n't get it , baldur 's gate is a game set in the world of d&d ( dungeons & dragons ) or at least one of them . 
  i 'm not familiar with d&d so . . yeah . 
  `` baldr gute '' is close to baldur 's gate . 
   his horse glitterhoof was twice appointed to a chancellorship . 
  god i love the lunatic events . 
  nice story . 
  just to be clear , do you want to mod it so that you can educate the child or are you asking if it 's possible ? 
  you could go and release the nation . 
  i forgot how to do it though . 
  perhaps in the same tab as the stability . 
  breaking the royal marriage would cost 1 stability . 
  if he was the curia controller it would n't cost him anything , but portugal does n't get much papal influence .
