   unique passive : killing a big jungle monster grants 1 % increased armor and magic resist and 1 health regen per 5 . 
  this bonus stacks up 20 times . 
  i feel like for 2000g , being able to get 40 armor , magic resist , 25hp per 5 and 20 % extra armor and magic resist is a bit too much . 
  at least take it down to 20 % increased armor and magic resist based on bonus armor/magic resist . 
  that 's because it was edited from 1 to .5, 
  girls do not dig ip . 
  i 've tried showing my 6 digit long ip , but the girls were no impressed . 
  only summer , since ghost was n't able to climb the wall . 
  to go further on this , robb did want to support stannis because it would 've been the thing his father would 've done . 
  irrc this was before he was named king in the north . 
  just be naked so it 's awkward for the people that find you . 
  best way to go out . 
  so he was ganked and got caught ? 
  question about finding the dunk & egg link , it 's may , i suppose it was delayed and do you have any other information about it ? 
   `` martin announced on his 2011 national book tour that the dunk and egg series will be collected into a book and published by bantam spectra after the fourth novella is first published in an original anthology he and gardner dozois are editing . '', 
  nothing about the fourth book date . 
  then why are you here instead of 4chan ? 
  we 're just here for quality and skipping the / thread posts . 
  this is just the same trash i 've seen three times today and it 's been removed twice, 
  i 'll donate money to a charity , but not to feed athene 's ego . 
  he 's a giant douchebag off screen . 
  why would you buy an xbox one and then leave it in the store ? 
  talon is a beast in arams though . 
  this trash again ? 
  / r/leagueoflegends, 
   tied up girlfriend as a beta, 
   implying somebody would walk away from that . 
  -2 / 10 not impressed . 
  perhaps some ancient power adjusted the wall with their magic to reject the others . 
  it 's been 8000 years , anything could 've happend , really . 
  there was this same thread on the gameofthrones subreddit , and i 'll just repeat what i said there :, 
   perhaps some ancient power adjusted the wall with their magic to reject the others . 
  it 's been 8000 years , anything could 've happend , really . 
  you can say what you want , but if it really was 8000 years ago , we have no way to know if it is true . 
   the theory is that leeches ' saliva contains an ingredient that prevents blood from clotting . 
  this helps restore normal circulation to reattached limbs and skin grafts and prevents a fatal blood clot from forming . 
  i doubt it 's the limb reattached part , but blood clotting can be deadly , and chance is the older you get the higher the possibility iirc . 
   i think this is the key point . 
  even robb was aware of this , that 's why he tried to get lysa and renly on his side . 
  had he managed that , he would have had a chance . 
  without it , he just could n't crack the lannister nut . 
  when renly was alive , the tyrell forces were his . 
  if renly did n't die i would argue that the lannisters had to fight against 4 of the 7 kingdoms . 
  and neither the iron islands nor the vale would support him in it . 
  dorne might 've to piss off the tyrells , but would n't gain anything from it . 
  thus i would argue that renly 's death was not a fault on his part , but part of his downfall . 
  people want to be heroes and carry the game . 
  everyone wants fame , but appreciation feels the best . 
  malfa , tariq , zerat ( either xerath or zed ? 
  ) , jays , gekarim , vukong , leon ( leona 's brother ) , zion , timo , carthus and last but not least , fidlstiks . 
  3 times the same thread in less than 15 minutes , i 'm impressed by the community , really . 
  i played stannis right after robert 's rebellion timeline . 
  one of my vassals was pressing dany 's claim on dragonstone and failed . 
  soon after i was invited to a plot to kill robert , supported it and since he did n't have children yet stannis was heir . 
  within ~ 5 months stannis , the rightful king of westeros sat on the throne . 
  ( not for long though . ), 
  i bet it was the result of tormund laying with a dragon . 
  i 'm not sure when this happens , so i 'll quote it for an all spoilers for now :, 
  [ spoilers all ] ( #b `` when barristan selmy tells the story of aerys the mad king to dany , she calls the robert the usuper and the usuper 's dogs . 
  iirc barristan selmy tells the story of aerys burning rickard and brandon stark . '', 
  i 've seen this same thing happen in euw about a 9 months ago just as i was playing for a month . 
  it was a normal game . 
  a minor twist in a regular theory . 
  i 'm only wondering how she will give the kiss while he 's on fire . 
  can you back that up ? 
  thoros of myr performed a ritual called `` rite of the last kiss '' . 
  evidently they did not show this in the show , only the prayer part of the traditional burial rite . 
  although it 's possible that there is another way that we have n't seen yet . 
  did n't theon capture winterfell and made himself lord of winterfell ? 
   sacked ; the looting or pillaging of a captured city or town . 
  unless his father told him , he would let the readers know , but i doubt he 'll be going down to the wall to tell other people that are alive any time soon . 
  because she knows that it 's sansa stark and not some bastard . 
  the night 's watch will lose a lot of people , i have no doubt . . 
  that is , until they return for more . 
  ghostbuster akali skin confirmed . 
  and jon is also a huge helper to sam 's confidence . 
  especially the first training where they met , might have saved sam from suicide or worse . 
  this shit again ? 
   petyr tells her that lysa knows who she is now and that they are leaving for the eyrie that afternoon . 
  petyr leaves and lysa talks to her . 
  she says sansa looks too much like catelyn , and they will have to darken her hair . 
  source : http://towerofthehand.com/books/103/069/index.html, 
  nidalee aram all week ... 
  iirc , [ adwd ] ( #b `` they have some karstark , umber and manderly hostages . 
  there are probably more but i ca n't name them for sure . '' ), 
  honestly , when i read that i thought [ asos/season 4 ] ( #b `` has n't this woman earned her peace ? 
  does she really has to suffer more ?! '', 
  it 's called the black dinner . 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_dinner#murder_of_the_douglas_chiefs_at_edinburgh_castle, 
  not really . 
  as far as i know it 's been mentioned multiple times that littlefinger suggested and even urged joffrey to kill ned . 
  littlefinger has the motives , loving catelyn and all . 
  there was a thread about it not long ago . 
  also , varys seems to care about ned , but it 's speculated that arya listened to him and somebody else talking about forestalling the chaos that is to follow and that it 's too early for the wolf to fight with the lion , all in the catacombs below the red keep . 
  people used to small amounts of violence has a less violent imagination . 
  to keep things short , you 're a serial killer . 
  edit : misread , thought you said only a handful of people cared about them and the ` main ' characters . 
  when i first entered the holy place that is / r/asoiaf i felt so stupid for not knowing anything . 
  i was n't expected to find so much hidden in books and was n't aware there were any . 
  if i knew how to read asoiaf then i might 've picked them up .
