  so you would have to marry off your familiy members to landed titles while they are unlanded for them to appear in their court . 
  you could also attempt to imprison them and if it fails they 'll flee to a random court . 
  well , if you are a king or a emperor , a count/baron would probably marry you and let you marry with a dominant dynasty , whereby the kids will be yours , just because they like the prestige gain / alliance . 
  the traits , age , education and culture/religion will also matter . 
  religion is a big turn off for people though ( 5 minuses on the diplomacy screen ) due to `` may not marry an infidel '' . 
   delivery at lab, 
  do n't have to bother reading the rest . 
  from personal experience , being over your demesne limit per one earns you -25 % income . 
  meaning you only earn 3/4th of your base income . 
  having 4 means you technically make no money , although your stewardship gives you a percentage bonus to your base income . 
  this depends on your state personal stewardship . 
  the demesne limit depends on your state stewardship . 
  example :, 
  you own 5/4 demesne . 
  your stewardship gives you 30 % more base income . 
  this means that you earn 130 % - 25 % = 105 % of your base income from your ** personal demesne ** . 
  you gain a percentage of what your vassals earn for their respective tax percentage . 
  low feudal taxes gives you 10 % of what your vassals earn total . 
  so you would earn 10 % of their income . 
  vassals with a high stewardship would thus earn you more , since they 'll earn more . 
  ofcourse i could be completely wrong , but that 's what i believe is how it is calculated . 
  well , since it 's part of your dynasty , theoretically you could not get any children and it will eventually fall into your daughter 's hand or her children , gaining both kingdoms . 
  i 'm not sure how your family looks like though . 
  or you could make it so that the scottish king dies , it will go to your children and then murder until you inherit it . 
  another way would be to marry your male heir to the female child ( if the kingdom inheritance is agnatic cognatic , meaning the female can inherit if there is no male heir ) and kill until she becomes heir , that way your grand children will eventually control both . 
  or if you would be able to create an empire ( which you probably ca n't ) you could eventually vassalize them ( since they 're of your dynasty they 'll probably accept . ), 
  and revoke the kingdom title . 
  the maximum is 100 % less income , so with enough stewardship you would still earn money from your demesne/vassals . 
  100 % base , then +30 % for stewardship , then -100 % base means you keep 30 % of your base income when over your demesne limit . 
  i 'd be interested in the wither 2 . 
  the rest would most likely go to waste . 
  i 'd be willing to buy crusader kings 2 , the old gods dlc and the legacy of rome dlc ( which would be about $ 15 , - ) for it . 
  ( witcher is currently $ 19,99 ), 
  although i 'm not sure if it 'll work . 
  i usually pay with paypal , even though the transfer is being done i am able to play the games i buy instantly . 
  i 'm not sure if it works instantly with gifts . 
  well , i was planning on taking the witcher 2 , so i 'd be cheaper out with this deal anyhow . 
  i already own fallout nv and have no interest in trine nor the trading cards/items . 
  i 'll pm you my steam account name etc. 
  perhaps you should listen to your own advice . 
  do note however that if one of your vassals , either king , duke or a count with baronies decides to revoke a title and the person refuses , they will fight their `` war '' despite crown law . 
  this also makes changing succession laws extremely difficult with big empires . 
  blue build ezreal 's items are mostly blue . 
  ( you can switch out the botrk out for a bloodthirster ), 
  it gives ezreal high kiting abilities , poke damage and cooldown reduction , making ezreal a safe pick and easy to reposition with his low cooldowns + hitting with his q ability , mystic shot , which reduces each of his abilities cooldown by another second . 
  search for `` blue build ezreal '' on google . 
   breath of fresh air, 
  you just had to make that pun , did n't you ? 
  it 's heavily implied , but you do n't actually see the deed . 
  in the show they decided instead of mere hints to make it very obvious , just like renly being homosexual . 
  i 'm not sure if the title fits , but warden of the south . . how ? 
  thing is though the mods are already doing such a thing , in case you have n't see them yet : http://www.reddit.com/r/crusaderkings/comments/1jd4fz/game_4_central_hub/, 
  okay . . 
  i 'd put medieval 2 first , then rome and third napoleon . 
  medieval 2 and rome just have the best mods and i found shogun 2 rather lackluster with about the same units . 
  do n't get me wrong , shogun 2 had a lot of good things , but sieges and battles were lacking in comparison to the other total war games . 
  invasion of greece most likely . 
  what 's so broken about the invasion cb is that you only have to hold the top holding in a county of the defending party , even if it 's outside the target kingdom , you will gain it after the war . 
  when you form hungary you lose the lands east of hungary as shown in the video . 
  when the magyars do so , they will get a ton of event spawned troops based on some checksum that i do n't know about , but trust me , it 's a lot . 
  do you run any mods ? 
  which game version do you use and what dlcs do you have enabled ? 
  who are you playing as and what do you control ? 
  some more information would be helpful . 
  do you have a source for outside of america ? 
  hulu blocks everyone else from viewing it outside of the us . 
  too good to be true . 
  do note if you have a female heir the titles will be split between her and her sisters . 
   5th sentence , recognized old copy pasta . 
  unless you already have something by now , what would you like to paint ? 
  would you rather have some fancy dress , an elegant dress or common ? 
  not sure about the posts not showing up on reddit . 
  but you probably got some lucky event describing peasants/loyalists flocking to your banners for your righteous cause . 
  the amount of holdings increases the base retinue cap , which is modified by the training grounds and military organization tech . 
  is n't that leblanc 's voice ? 
  luckily the inventor does n't tests the machine . 
  there 's an option for a butcher 's ( son ? ), 
  and some other random generated characters to test the machine instead . 
  i especially love a certain intrigue event wherein you steal a necklace and blame it on someone else . 
  about twenty years later you realize the unfairly imprisoned courtier is still rotting in your dungeon and when you go fetch him , he 's all meager and such . 
  press escape , go to message settings and reset to default . 
  it 's even easier now with the button on the lower right of the portrait . 
  you ca n't plot against your children though . 
  i do like these videos , but it 's just going so fast i could n't follow how you got `` dethroned '' . 
  but are n't the ice cells * inside * the wall ? 
  it could neutralize the effect or freeze it for a certain amount of time . 
  frodo is obviously aa with sauron as the great other , orcs as the undead and trolls as the others . 
  abc motion . . ? 
  did i miss 4chan sex education lessons ? 
  it used to be just as you thought , but they recently changed it because it was just too easy to give a claimant a county and then pressing his claims to gain entire kingdoms . 
  you could however give him a duchy and when he inherits , just revoke the duchy you gave him . 
  you do n't necessarily need to kill the emperors though . 
  you can continue to kill his heirs , which will be cheaper to kill , until the heir is a boy / woman / girl . 
  plotting to assassinate the heirs is also a lot easier than the emperor himself if he is n't landed . 
  just one question , why not use youtube ? 
  crusader kings 2 has a small fan base ( in comparison to other popular games ) and streams just attract less people for time reasons . 
  i believe you 'd have more success with youtube instead . 
  i 'm sure arumba will like this a lot . 
  there can only be one independence faction at a time . 
  you 'll have to join that one and if you win with the combined forces , you will all become independent .
