  the mass effect books/comics were great as well , at least , imo . 
  this is correct . 
  i got exactly the same card from watching the first pokemon movie . 
  fucking < insert champion name that died  players man . 
  fuck them . 
  not entirely true . 
  here is a list :, 
  the north : snow . 
  the riverlands : rivers . 
  the crownlands : waters . 
  the iron islands : pyke . 
  the westerlands : hill . 
  the reach : flowers . 
  the stormlands : storm . 
  he fought the targs because he had to choose a side . 
  he said it himself , the difficult choice of supporting the king or your brother . 
  but i doubt he 'll give up that easily . 
  he 's always been shit on by everyone . 
  his right to storm 's end went to renly , eddard stark getting all the praise for the siege of storm 's end , etc. 
  his hatred is stronger than his sense . 
  `` she has the mindset of a spoiled little teenage girl . 
  `` but i am just a pretty little princess who deserves whatever i want '' . 
  it would not be odd for someone who has never had to learn of responsibility to act like this . '', 
  not really , since she its just been a year where dany got wedded , bedded , saw her brother die , witnessed the pillaging , eating a horse heart , having the love of her life die by her hand and just hatching 3 dragons while surviving being burned alive . 
  i believe she at least became a little bit more mature than that . 
  exactly . 
  she is more mature than a spoiled teenage girl , that 's for sure . 
  it 's a character from game of thrones . 
  and starks are n't hipsters . 
  still though , loved it . 
  perhaps in the series , but she does n't feel like that in the books . 
  the problem being that the wall keeps the dead out , as seen with coldhands . 
  unless the fighting causes a breach in the wall or the dead rise behind the wall i still ca n't see how the dead will pass . 
  after they brought it in from beyond the wall , where they were `` infected '' , noting that they had blue eyes when thought dead . 
  who would blow it though ? 
  the wights ? 
  i doubt the wildlings would blow the horn , knowing what horrors lies beyond the wall . 
  a wolf saved bran from an assassin by tearing his throat out , saving bran and caitlin 's . 
  i 'd say that was a significant part . 
   if tywin was poisoned ( which i really do n't subscribe to , because whats the point of grrm killing him twice ? 
  ) , it was probably for the specific purpose of framing oberyn . 
  my non-expert opinion is that it would have been orchestrated by varys , either through shae or one of his little birds , because he has the most interest in destabilizing the current regime . 
  no chance . 
  varys and illyrio had a deal to marry off viserys to one of the martells . 
  ( quote needed ), 
   it was probably for the specific purpose of framing oberyn . 
  my non-expert opinion is that it would have been orchestrated by varys, 
  i was talking about this part . 
  why frame oberyn when that would jeopardize dorne ? 
  ah , i thought you knew the story , but here 's it :, 
  they planned to marry viserys to a martell , viserys died , they sent quentyn martell to marry dany instead plus rheagar is likely to marry a martell to gain their support . 
  dorne is supposed to supply enough troops in order to get a targ on the throne . 
  it 's not about bad blood between oberyn and varys but that if oberyn was framed there would be trouble between lannisters and dorne . 
  damn you ... 
  i believe it 's the other way around . 
  he kills the children , because nobody likes a child born of incest , and holds jaime and cersei hostage . 
  loras can not marry since he is a member of the kings guard . 
  garlan is already married . 
  ( lady leonette of house fossoway according to the wiki . ), 
  and i recall cersei mentioning what a `` poor thing '' willas is . 
  i doubt she 'd marry her only daughter off to a cripple , knowing her . 
  although she might have little choice in the matter . 
  gnomoria , that game is beast if you 've always wanted to play dwarf fortress but never really understood it . 
  you ca n't be picky in the game of thrones . 
  jon arryn and lysa tully also had a huge age difference as an example . 
  ... really ? 
  the point of the graph is when is a zephyr a better choice than merc . 
  boots better for top laners . 
  you do n't build it as your first item , but when to replace the level 2 boots for zephyr . 
  my bad , did n't see the discussion down there . 
  always recommend building vamp scepter brutalizer level ninja tabi/merc threads first on riven . 
  bloodthirster - last whisperer . 
  if tough lane buying a giant 's belt before blood thirster is not bad . 
   here 's another random picture.if that does n't turn you on make you think of a bad-ass future vayne , then you need to get your head checked . 
  that 's my background . 
  it 's a drawing done by somebody from games workshop , for warhammer 40.000 , a board game with it 's own fantasy universe . 
  micro transactions . 
  ( in case of sarcasm , i 'm dumb . ), 
  from the thread :, 
   its just that unbowed , unbent , unbroken fit so well with the fact that the dragons didnt conquer them . 
  i feel like this is a possible reason . 
  missed sandstorm katarina in desert . 
  it 's ... * weeps * glorious . 
  they were in service of the night 's watch and betrayed their oath to serve him , so they are traitors . 
  edit : replied to the wrong comment . 
  i meant that they were in service rather than a guest . 
  ( thus not falling under the guest right . ), 
  no , we do not have battletoads . 
  please stop calling . 
  but if said spaghetti comes out of their pockets , is it burned or will it be prepared ? 
  clicked it and i 'll never learn to live with it . 
  yeah , what was up with that ? 
  [ sad they replaced all the horses with robots , too . 
  i understand they got advanced technology but robot horses ? 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i 'm not sure if i can handle all these plot twists . 
  i know the feel . 
  i was done in the afternoon and i was still figuring out what happend late into the night . . 
  this [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkkakrnt_o8 ) helped me a lot . 
  this story again ?
