i watched his stream two days ago ( or was it yesterday ? ), 
  where he was playing a troll game with a varus , rengar support , ezreal mid and somebody else top . 
  he was jungle singed . 
  ( he also threw his blue buff over the wall which brought laughter to the chat . ), 
  edit : to answer op 's question , he has great level 3 - 4 ganks with his w and e and can kill with his ghost or at least force a flash . 
  i 'm more worried about wooglet being roughly 900 more cheaper for 10 less armor ... 
  `` now builds out of a chain vest and two blasting wands instead of, 
  chain vest and a needlessly large rod . 
  ** cost reduced to 2640 from 3520 **, 
  armor reduced to 40 from 50 '', 
  if the fight lasts more than 10 seconds you actually lose more health due to missing regeneration than the 10 shield . 
  riven nerf possibly next patch and riven sale ? 
  i see what you did there riot . 
  too soon man . . too soon . . 
  diana and rengar were n't buffed . 
  it was actually a fix for a nerf that really killed them , and are now one of the lowest win rates just before karma , which says a lot . 
  30 dollars ? 
  i 'm so buying this . 
  you just insulted everyone on this entire sub-reddit . 
  good job . 
  redeemed riven please . 
  cheers !, 
  109 deaths and enemies only killed 108 ? 
  somebody died to monsters/creeps . 
  thought it said `` man client '' , got excited , viewed thread , disappointed . 
  no love for the real men . 
  it 's fiora, 
  hp stacking buffed him . 
  edit : i meant as in his ultimate is a health percentage based damage . 
  not that you build tanky on him ... 
  agree , i would pick zhonya 's over spirit visage . 
  everyone bent their knees to the boltons because they were afraid of the freys and the lannisters that were comming up north . 
  although they do have a fearsome reputation . 
  you are still a summer 's child . 
  do you know what r+j means ? 
  if not , burn the books and run . 
  your future self will thank me . 
  edit : meant r+l = j, 
  grey as in neutral . 
  white is mostly interpreted as good , just like black is evil . 
  grey is the `` middle '' color of it . 
  it means they can either have evil or good intentions , it 's just not sure yet . 
  because we do not know what their intentions are . 
  we know nothing about the white walkers . 
  am i the only one that noticed kennen is from adventure time ? 
  tell that to rengar , nami and syndra , 2 % of the games picked . . 
  i am creeped out by the fact that rammus has an ass on his face ... 
  is it just me or what ? 
  taunt also works . 
  ( at least for me . ), 
  nah man , '94 and played the shit out of the game , had all my friends over and played all day and night . 
  me and my brother literally decided to wake each other up midnight and play together . 
  you can argue about that . 
  thresh has hook that can not pull people over walls and has smaller pull range . 
  thresh needs to get into the fight to do his job effectively by using his q and pressing it again to dive the target for his ult to be use-able offensively and even then people can avoid the walls . 
  defensively i suppose it 's better but blitzcrank aoe silence is good when going against katarina or somebody like that that needs to be interrupted . 
  thresh is more of a support support while blitzcrank is really an support to play aggressive with and pull the enemy out of position . 
  i think he meant that he ( kha ` zix ) has trouble against elise . 
  indeed . 
  smite does benefit from spellvamp . 
  you look for oppertunities . 
  if bottom lane is pushed in there is not much you can do to help them out . 
  same goes for top . 
  communicate with your team , ask where their wards are and most importantly of all , look if your champion has any roaming potential . 
  this means if he is very mobile/gap closers or either stealthy . 
  examples are : twitch and evelynn are really good stealthy roamers . 
  kassadin and elise are mobile roamers . 
  or you can play as somebody with a ` global ' ability such as pantheon and twisted fate , which both are able to teleport a great distance with their ultimate . 
  i ca n't tell this enough though : communicate with your team . 
  use pings and chat to alert them that you 're comming . 
  his weak point is his lack of an ultimate in a straight up fight . 
  use this to your advantage and after level 6 punish him for it . 
  i 'm not a fan of building triforce on nidalee . 
  mostly i see people use frozen gauntlet or sunfire to kite them . 
  just poke jax once in a while if he goes for creeps and wear him down . 
  after six poke him and trade with him in tiger form . 
  use your heal and have some mana regeneration to out-sustain him and beat him out of lane . 
  against darius there is not much you can do but wait till 6 and then ask your jungler for a gank . 
  you can poke him as your auto attack range is longer than his pull ( e ) but there is not much kill-potential till lever 6 . 
  also note that ad nidalee mostly does not contribute much to a teamfight rather than just pick off low enemies ( in tiger form ) or burst your tiger abilities , go in human form and poke / heal teammates , go back in tiger form and repeat . 
  she 's mostly used in split pushing and again , out-sustain the enemy and forcing one of their members to cover their towers , making the teamfights mostly 4v4 . 
  from the link :, 
  `` this is most abilities , but also includes items ( e.g. 
  hextech gunblade ) and summoner spells ( e.g. 
  smite ) '', 
  ignite is a summoner spells , so yes . 
  love it how you used `` trash '' instead of `` thresh '' . 
  this is random , but my theory is tyrion finds him somehow , still alive . 
  you sick , twisted man . 
  ( / woman ), 
  fyi , manderlys have a mermaid . 
  indeed . 
  i do n't think benjen would have taken so much dragon glass with him . 
  speculation : it 's from the time when people knew what the watch did and that dragonglass was their weapon . 
  oh , you guys !, 
  i like the idea , but in order to reduce cost ( because it costs 2700 for hextech revolver and haunting guise ) remove the cooldown reduction passive . 
  it would be a cool item for around 3400 then . 
  spotted some league of legends characters there , including caitlyn . 
  right ? 
  1.35 with offensive masteries .
