  are longer in pages than agot and acok means that they 'll fall behind . 
  and i think that 's not a problem , for neither me or the developers . 
  the series is a succes and i 'm sure they plan to take full advantage over it . 
  rather than skipping scenes , they might make more seasons . 
  although it also depends on what they promised the actors and such . 
  might be they tied their hands too soon . 
  yes , but howland reed was there at the toj , his children were not . 
  although howland reed could 've told the story to their children , he and ned were good friends and ned trusted him enough to keep it a secret . 
  it 's sortof strange to tell it as a bedtime story to his children , betraying ned 's trust . 
  i just do n't believe in the theory that he had a green dream about it . 
  you ca n't win the game of thrones mod . 
  your character will die eventually , your sons will inherit the throne and once a boy king sits the iron throne , all hell will break loose . 
  i 'd assume / v / , but / b / is also possible . 
  kaiser means emperor . 
  just out the top of my head , i think king = konig . ( ? ), 
  stutterstep is just walking to a location , perform an auto attack and while your auto attack is on `` cooldown '' , rather than standing still you walk to another location to either position you better to fight or to trade while retreating . 
   directly control or being in charge of every unit all the time . 
  dwarf fortress is a lot of micro in order for it to work efficiently . 
  i 'd not suggest it if you want to avoid the frustration . 
  this is really well made , i love that it portrays certain events that happened in the history of westeros . 
  you can also become temperate from feats , paying the middle option for food . 
  lavishly spending can make you gluttonous . 
  you can also become kind or cruel in summer fairs iirc . 
  there are traits gained through love . 
  you can gain chaste or lustful on the event that your wife wants a present of some sort . 
  it 's a 50/50 % chance , but there are slim chances of only getting daughters/sons . 
  my worst being having 7 daughters in a row and no sons . 
  it 's unlikely , but it can happen , so you should be prepared to play as a female character . 
  in case you did n't know , children do get their education trait from their guardian . 
  also , the dynasty parent ( regular marriage = father , matrilineal marriage = mother ) 's personal stats and that of the guardian affect what the child will learn more . 
  if the guardian has 1 diplomacy and 30 martial , chances are that you will get a lot of martial traits . 
  when you are a guardian yourself you should notice for example , when your ward gains the charitable trait , and you allow him to be so , hover over the option and you will see that the base stat of the ward will increase by 1 , in this case , being +1 base diplomacy . 
  i do n't know the exact numbers , but that 's roughly it . 
  3rd : not with medium crown authority , no . 
  disallows vassals waging war inside the realm . 
  1st : i delcared war on him because he held a title that i had a claim on and he was too busy , so why not ? 
  i did not take one of his personal holdings , so the previous lord holds the claim , not him . 
  2nd : and even if his word is law , it does n't mean the vassals are just unable to take action against the tyranny of their liege . 
  it would make sense to be able to call lords from my liege lord to join the war against his tyranny if they so wish . 
  currently you 're only able to rebel yourself , so it has no use to fight back . 
  you 're just supposed to lay down and take it rather than be able to fight back ? 
  the game was modified to create balance , yet there is no balance for the vassal to fight back . 
  i 'd be much more interested in having a challenge rather than a win/win option . 
  what i meant by `` game modified to create balance '' is that the game is not realistically portrayed as history . 
  just like holy wars , instead of exterminating every enemy and just taking all his lands , you can only fight for one duchy at a time to not make it overpowered and easy to take over the world . 
  vikings are also not particular effective in giant battles , yet they do n't get a combat disadvantage modifier for it . 
  another example is the new rule for holy wars . 
  you can no longer wage holy wars unless they border you or you have two sea regions as a connection maximum . 
  the game does not follow history exactly , but creates balance in order for fluent and fun gameplay and making it more challenging , while still trying to follow history . 
  ( his opinion for me as +4 , not much but to be expected after a war . ), 
  being the top person does kinda get boring , so i thought it would be fun to play a vassal . 
  i did not expect it to be this harsh . 
  those are all the houses with mottos . 
  not every house has a motto . 
  those are all the minor houses , including houses of landed knights . 
  the major houses are on the top . 
  they are all in their respective lands . 
  ( at least , those are the houses that we know of as now . ), 
  first off , which mods do you own ? 
  also , i prefer to see a small start with a high goal . 
  world domination just gets so boring . 
  perhaps play the elder kings mod . 
  those are usually hilarious . 
  well , for example , start as the guy that owns somerset in wessex in tod , with goal to create and capture all dejure of britannia . 
  start small with a challenging start to a hard to reach goal . 
  those games tend to be the must clutch and eventful games . 
  also , if you 're going to do that , be sure to use mercenaries extensively early on . 
  well , obviously you ca n't see what she looks like when you have no eyes . 
  but i 've seen weird shit happen and 9/10 just restarting it . 
  ofcourse that is vanilla so i 'm not sure if it 'll help . 
  where did you find her and more important why marry her ? 
  how much money do you make yearly and is it true that you earn 100 % less , but due to state stewardship you get like ~ 50-80 % increased , thus earning ~ 50-80 % of the regular taxes ? 
  well , he was brought up by a mother that fed him the idea that he is entitled to the dreadfort and raised him to be arrogant , envious and cruel in order to take `` what is his by right '' . 
  i think it 's like a prepared invasion only then for unlanded characters . 
  do you have any pictures of the cosplays ? 
  and what did you cosplay as ? 
  according to a thread made 3 months ago :, 
  this will also most likely have a fresh short reign bonus , decreasing his levies . 
  even better if it 's a boy king with zero diplomacy . 
  plus , if you do a holy war , and land all the claimants of those counties/dutchies with those lands , you could press their claims on the counties/duchies in spain during the civil war , securing them for your own . 
  these are great , but . . 
  do you have the sources / can you give credit to the creators of these ? 
  / r/demotivational xpost ? 
  edit : original post :, 
  you do have to make an account first though . 
  it would put him more towards patient . 
  sloth is more about being lazy . 
  also what helps is creating a feast before you attempt it . 
  +5 diplomacy and 5 general opinion for everyone in the world ? 
  hell yes . 
  other than that , just bribing people with high plot power , a lot . 
   also , if your highest martial lord has the craven trait he probably should stick to home duties ... 
  but , if he has such a good martial ability , would that reduce the effect of the craven trait to nothing/really low ? 
  or is there some extra hidden effect that i do n't know of ? 
  he will become an independent count and probably would not accept to becoming your vassal , since he has a -50 for being a pretender and -20 for having a title he has a claim on ( title claimant ) opinion hit . 
  if he does , he 'll also desire the duchy and most likely the counties he has a claim on and attempt to destroy you from within . 
  overall , this would bite you in the ass later on . 
  your best bet would be to marry your heir to her , but she probably wo n't accept a regular marriage , so there 's that . 
  you need to marry your family members to people that have land . 
  if they 're unlanded , the one with the dominant dynasty ( regular marriage = male , matrilineally = female ) will remain at court while the other will appear at the court of their spouse .
