  the only complaint you might have is how long it took him , but he did n't know the circumstances behind tyrion and may have spent some time looking for him , once his `` birds '' tell him of tyrion showing up in meereen he b-lines it there . 
  i agree , it was his plan all along to join daenerys and was heading there with tyrion even before he got captured . 
   * brienne 's hatred for stannis goes back further than this season , the complaint about setup is only if you look at this season in isolation . 
  i would complain about the execution of the scene but that is hardly writing as much as directing . 
  it 's more about how everything worked out conveniently for them . 
  beside the obvious stannis teleporting and roose bolton just getting cut , brienne finds stannis singled out and alone ( while everyone is supposed to be looking for him ) , finally getting her revenge ... and we do n't even get to see anything . 
  10 seconds of screen time between the two and he 's `` dead '' . 
  ( as in , might be dead , we do n't know for sure . ), 
  it did n't bring any satisfaction or closure . 
  it 's just `` there you have it '' . 
   * jumping off the wall , we have seen plenty of character movement with reek/theon , to say he just magically switched sides is moronic . 
  perhaps he found it harder to watch this girl torture his `` sister '' vs his captor who in his destroyed mind is omniscient . 
  they have done plenty in the short time with reek to show his torment and conflict . 
  yeah they did and it was great , but in the final moment he 's like `` fuck this , let 's get it over with '' and throws her off the railing . 
  you do n't get the sense of the mental struggle he 's been dealing with for 2 seasons and just feels anti-climactic . 
   * the ser meryn trant portion was done well , since last week people have been freaking out thinking that arya would have to pose as a little girl whore to kill him , and people cringed at the sexual situation this might put our beloved arya in . 
  so rather than have a super creepy sex ( or even lead in to sex ) scene with trant and arya , they have him beating them and kept the sexual nature very ambiguous . 
  they did n't have him overly `` getting off '' on his abuse , they did n't have him nude or with his pants down . 
  all in all i would say they went the way that is least objectionable in terms of a sexual scene with little girls . 
  instead it is a scene of sizing up which girl he wants , it is disturbing , but tame compared to what they might have done . 
  he killed syrio forell and hit sansa when ordered to , sure , we get it , he 's a dick . 
  but just before his death , we have to make him a pedophile and a sadist that gets off on hitting little girls . 
  he does n't need to be `` more evil '' for arya to kill him . 
  but apparently arya really needs to kill all the monsters and be the super hero/vigilante everyone wants . 
   * the sam stuff i do n't buy the op 's complaint , so since it is sam 's idea with sam 's motivation to save the people he loves , and sam 's understanding that his resources are limited at the wall in regards to learning the secrets to fighting the white walkers , that somehow takes away from jon ? 
  i think jon has had his plate a little full and thinking about far more important things than where sam is doing his stuff . 
  i think this gave depth to more characters rather than focusing on the few we have left , especially one who is running short on time . 
  yeah , sam wants to protect gilly , that 's fine and i can understand that . 
  i agree with you there except have a minor complain about them openly talking about sam 's and gilly 's relations . 
  jon was going crazy in season 2-4 ? 
  about keeping his vows , not breaking them and feeling guilty about breaking them . 
  now he 's casually talking with sam about sam breaking his vows . 
   * the final scene , i disagree with op on this , letting the hated enemy of the wildlings on the other side of the wall is the final straw . 
  this is an enemy of thousands of years with deep rooted hatred on both sides . 
  when you challenge the status quo and fight hatred in such a forward thinking way you are going to risk your own life , our own world and history have shown us that . 
  i think alliser 's commitment to the night 's watch is what led him to opening the wall and waiting as long as his did to bend to the will of the masses ( fuck olly by the way , i am glad his parents died now ) . 
  i think this and specifically the timing of it work hand it hand to strengthen what we know about alliser . 
  so op wanted jon to send help to stannis to be the final straw , he has less than 50 men who in god 's name is he going to send ?!, 
  it does n't solve the problem though . 
  there 's still a lot of wildlings on their side of the wall that do n't magically disappear . 
  if that was really the straw he would n't have opened the gate to the wildlings in the first place when he could . 
   * myrcella may have been done to add weight to her death , but i think it was good because it gave jaime at least a moment of happiness and clarity with one of his children . 
  those few moments would have meant the world to this guy , and for a guy who has gone through an aweful lot i am all for him having this , but of course it does blow up in his face , if it did n't he would n't be jaime . 
  agree with the op on this one . 
  it 's just extra shock value and does n't need a reason , but it still looks cheap . 
   * op also mentioned stannis ' bad decision , he was deflated as were his men , he knew full well he would n't win . 
  he lost half his force and the other half had no heart or will left , nor did he , so it comes back to his pride , he would rather march and die than be remembered as the `` king '' who ran . 
  he still intent to become king . 
  stannis was supposed to be this excellent military commander and willingly sacrificed his only child and heir to win . 
  plus he sort of hated his wife . 
  why would he be careless now while being diligent all the way ? 
  would n't be grief . 
  plus scouts would 've spotted their army from miles away . 
  the episode was the grand finale and they just pushed every death in there they could manage at the cost of quality . 
  viewers did n't get time to think about each death and made them seem less important then they ought to have been . 
  they do the same everywhere . 
  i was an intern in the it help desk ... 
  i guess that carried risks , too . 
  austin powers : not the time to lose one 's head . 
  vanessa kensington : no . 
  austin powers : that 's not the way to get ahead in life . 
  vanessa kensington : no . 
  austin powers : it 's a shame he was n't more headstrong . 
  austin powers : he 'll never be the head of a major corporation . 
  vanessa kensington : okay , that 'll do . 
  austin powers : okay . 
  put on a hazmat suit ,, 
  collect cash . 
  hnnngggg 999 military power . 
  anyway , there is the event to convert a province for like 3000 manpower when at war . 
  perhaps you 'll get lucky . 
  they do everything through the phone personally . 
  however , they do have the option for a intermediary [ here . 
  i know that de hypotheker and de hypotheekshop both have physical locations . 
  i do n't have personal experience or knowledge of the process though . 
  / u/huhaskldasdpo page not found . 
  not sure what to think about that / s, 
  i am this, 
  [ then you must love this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gyxaeeoxjk&amp;ab_channel=generalcacti ), 
  can confirm , source : flair, 
  interesting read , thanks for sharing !, 
  looks like rome 2 : total war with high attack phalanx units and low defense attackers . 
  in case you were wondering why , it 's because there 's a space missing between `` terrible '' and the link . 
  / u/thesammon was just adding to the joke . 
  it 's kinda obvious women are able to reproduce `` without fucking their husband 's assistant '' . 
  click on the tag to show on which post you tagged him with . 
  [ rule34 on cs : go ] ( http://rule34-data-003.paheal.net/_images/90d2275627656fc0845f69319cf9269c/1439105%20-%20bomb%20animated%20counter-strike%20csgo%20de_dust2%20de_inferno%20global_offensive.gif ), 
  ( slow loading gif ), 
  where did you get the image ? 
  a reverse google image shows the image only being used on this blog :, 
  `` https://jewamongyou.wordpress.com/about '', 
  perhaps you can ask the owner of the blog where he got the picture by simply leaving a comment ? 
  his name is / u/crypticfreak , i imagine there 's a swat team waiting around the corner ready to act on this maniac . 
  stay safe / u/crypticfreak, 
  explosive sheep suddenly fotm . 
  just to be sure , i prefer to have them in separate files . 
  if i create 1 batch file with, 
   netsh wlan set autoconfig enabled = no interface = `` wi-fi '', 
  and 1 with,
