  your wife will have to be queen , then kill off any son that is not from your wife . 
  once you and your wife will have a son , he 'll inherit both kingdoms . 
  you 'll have to note though that your wife might come into trouble with other claimants . 
  join her wars in order to keep her on the throne . 
  mostly as diplomats and stewards . 
  it 's just currently learning does n't add a lot , martial is just too dangerous because it 's most effective in battle and intrigue * could * be useful , although it 's mostly you can plot against somebody or you ca n't . 
  almost never would a higher intrigue help me any further . 
  as for traits , just aiming for either kind , ambitious or just . 
  i 'm a fan of the genius trait though . 
  95 % of the time my wife is a genius . 
  it 's an amazing trait and i seem to be lucky with the genetic lottery . 
   other nearby republic, 
  i 'm not sure if you did the old gods start or not , but usually there 's genoa , pisa , amalfi and venice . 
  just to make sure you did n't miss any of them . 
  just check if every barony has your flag on the upper right corner of it 's portrait that is located in the lower left . 
  it 's possible croatia managed to hold onto some baronies or another country has them as vassals and the war against croatia did n't surrender the baronies of the foreigners . 
  ( since it is n't theirs to surrender ), 
  otherwise it 's probably a visual bug and once you meet the other criteria i 'm sure you 'll be able to create it . 
  you could also let him lead in battle or just participate as a commander of a levy but not as a leader . 
  ( so that his stats wo n't affect the battle . ), 
  if you have the old gods dlc , you could make him court chaplain , sent him over to one of the norse pagans and they 'll likely imprison him , sacrifice him or just outright execute them . 
  they might ransom him but you can just decline . 
  i 'm not sure if you can do the same in vanilla without dlcs and sent him to other pagan lands . 
  worth a shot though . 
  edit : if you plan to follow / u/rawbamatic 's options , be sure to pick a council position which he would be bad in . 
  ( low intrigue , make him spymaster . 
  low learning , make him court chaplain . 
  low diplomacy , make him chancellor . ), 
  that 'll increase the chances that he 'll get caught/dies . 
  i do n't think it 's a specific theme , just the notes . 
  it 's hard not to catch it though , unless you already made up your mind for who you want to play . 
  there are two types of ways to increase the spread of technology :, 
  - neighbouring counties, 
  so to maximize technology spread you would need to have your demesne counties close together , preferably next to the capital for it to spread the fastest . 
  you can put your councilors everywhere in your demesne to increase the technology growth of a specific county if you want to . 
  when you click on it , it links you to a 2 year old post on reddit named `` naked redhead ass '' . 
  or just when you hand out the kingdom title check the box `` include all lower titles '' or something like that . 
  link for the people . 
   invite claimants to english duchies and grant them a barony . 
  this no longer works , you would need to give him a title equal or higher for him to become a vassal . 
  you could however marry one of the english king 's daughters , murder until she is in the line of succession , ( being 3rd or 2nd place in succession grants them a strong claim on the kingdom of england should the current ruler die ) then either press her claim to the kingdom and your son will inherit both your and her kingdoms , or murder your wife and allow your son ( your next character you 'll play as ) to get a weak claim and press it when either they 're in a civil war or have a child/female ruler on the throne . 
  you could also keep assassinating the king 's heirs until your wife is first in line to inherit . 
  this is the best way to gain a kingdom title . 
  even if the child was not his heir , if he was of his dynasty he will become his vassal . 
  just read the tip it says when you declare war for somebody 's claim . 
  i thought it was self explanatory that it would n't . 
  everyone knows you ca n't have a king vassal as a king . 
  about the last point , the person probably pressed a claim against the duchy of brittany and then created the kingdom of brittany . 
  the only things that are de jure of the kingdom of brittany is the same as the duchy of brittany , which is just 6 counties . 
  in order to create the kingdom of brittany though , you would need to have one other duchy apart from the duchy of brittany , which is why he was able to create it . 
  you probably thought it was the kingdom because the duchy of brittany is called a ** petty kingdom ** . 
  it 's what happens when a germanic cultured person holds a duchy title in several cases and is independent . 
  i believe the prince and the thane mod is no longer being updated/hasn ' t been updated yet for the old gods , which means you would need an earlier version of the game in order for it to work . 
  perhaps they are dying/getting killed , or your succession laws changed ? 
  it 's hard to figure out what 's going on when we both do n't know what 's happening . 
  i believe in eu3 orthodox is considered a catholic heresy . 
  so i 'm going to guess that after you mend the great schism the roles are turned around . 
  gavelkind deals out titles from left to right . 
  ( see your character screen and all those tiny shields are your holdings . ), 
  meaning if you have 3 sons , your first son will get the first title , your second son the second title , your third son the third title and then your first son gets the 4th title . 
  since your primary title is to the left , your firstborn son will always inherit it . 
  you can , if you 're catholic , ( not sure on other religions ) have your remaining sons inherit bishoprics if your crown laws allow it ( free investiture ) . 
  that way they wo n't be able to inherit your other titles , effectively giving you primogeniture with 30 % more demesne limit . 
  they do however have to be of age ( 16 years old ) to be placed in inheritance of the bishopric . 
  it 's under the religion tab . 
  i 've tried to find a map but only found terrain . 
  you could use the demo and make a video while in nation select screen . 
  my bad , it was just a blind guess . 
  i only heard that there was just a 30 in game years limit , not a scenario limit . 
  just to add on this , there are two arrows aiming at each other on a little button which is the `` merge '' button . 
  it 's in the same popup as the unit count . 
  i have another free copy , so if your friend is interested tell him to pm me his steam account . 
  i only get one copy from pre-ordering eu4 , sorry . 
  not yet , but as soon as the person in question comes online i 'll give it to him , unless / u/vordakkallager already has plans to give it/gave it already . 
  sure , ask him to message me and if he 's going to give it out i 'll sent it to you instead . 
  pretty much the suggestions in the sidebar with perhaps the ruler designer , so that you can edit your first ruler to your liking . 
  the other dlcs are mostly just songs or textures that do n't impact the game . 
  not sure if the mentioned things work . 
  also as far as i know every holding has a specific name . 
  i 'm not sure what happens if you create new holdings without setting a name for it . 
  my copy is gone . 
  good luck . 
  interesting , but i do n't think playing europa universalis with such a super power is even worth the attempt . 
  i mean , western civilization are the strongest , and since you 're the only one left ... well let 's just say that there wo n't be a competition . 
  if you have it you could use the ruler designer to start out with your own culture , and just teach it to your kids . 
  or just edit the save file . 
  there can be only one !, 
  ( queen song `` princes of the universe '' starts playing . ), 
  could you explain what you mean instead of having us search the screen and guess what you were referring to ? 
  if it 's the icons near the other nation 's screen that look alike buttons from ck2 , then well , it fits . 
  it 's paradox 's own icon ( as far as i know . ), 
  if he has only one county and no vassals , you could revoke his county and destroy those 4 duchies , which will save dealing out duchies and your vassals wo n't desire them . 
  it would 've been a win win situation , you 'd only need to remove his vassals somehow . 
  i had my genius son with 37 diplomacy and even he just had an 18,6 % chance per year . 
  i can hardly imagine 15-20 % chance with just a duke title unless you 're extremely lucky with a good chancellor . 
  so that 's why my frisian king has the augustus trait . 
  everyone seems to be augustus around that time era . 
  you 're not special ;p, 
  they just need to patrol the nearby sea which has the dock . 
  ( i believe standing idle also works but is n't really efficient . ),
