same thing in croatia as well ... 
  it pisses me off beyond limit . 
  entire nation is just stupid voting for people that are convicted thieving criminal politicians . 
  what 's the difference between strategic and tactical nuke ? 
  they both destroy everything around themselves when they get dropped . 
  what guarantees that one of strategic missiles wo n't become tactical ? 
  putin is a small , primitive man . 
  he only cares about his money . 
  guns melt in epicenter of the nuclear blast . 
  thanks . 
  interesting logic and understandable view from marketing point . 
  still , i wonder after how many pluses there wo n't be any point of adding any new ones . 
  if others are complaining about lower grades then dismiss them all and just let everyone have a 's with pluses as much as they want . 
  i 'm probably expressing myself incorrectly . 
  my question was why are there 4 pluses for a grade when they could have added more letters after g ? 
  so the grades would go from a to k , instead of a + + + to g. 
  obviously . 
  i was asking why so many pluses ? 
  was n't it easier to make categories with more letters ? 
  what do those extra pluses mean ? 
  so it all comes down to getting used to it ? 
  from turkey most trucks i see are 34 and i 've already looked it up and remembered it 's istanbul . 
  everything else is a mystery but i understand you need to live within the country to fully get used to those numbers on plates . 
  it might be easier if there was some logic behind them but it seems the numbers go randomly around the country . 
  always wonder how people remember plates that are represented by digits . 
  france has a lot of departments , that 's around 100 numbers to remember . 
  turkey also has a lot of provinces each with their own number assigned . 
  i hate not knowing the license plate by looking at it . 
  letters are easier to figure out . 
  i can do that with lots of countries but those numbered license plates always made me angry for not knowing where they 're from . 
  if i remember correctly , uk plates are even worse , once i 've read about them on wikipedia , it took me 5 seconds to forgot all the logic behind them . 
  i do n't know how you people do it ... 
  is st.petersburg-moscow the straightest line in the world ? 
  according to this fantasy high speed network , zagreb can only be accessed from ljubljana and budapest from directions west and northeast . 
  real major passenger lines very much include zagreb-vienna and zagreb-belgrade so this map is truly a big fantasy . 
  the bridge is not going to be built by itself . 
  they can decide to swim afterwards though . 
  first they need to build a bridge . 
  just few seconds ago i 've read that the guy in moscow ikea left ak47 and they want him to come and pick it up . 
  some local dialects around zagreb say `` kusa '' for woman or a girl . 
  but seriously , croatian has only one lent word from finnish and that is sauna . 
  everything else is completely different . 
  same with hungarian . 
  my country is bordering hungary and i have no idea what the hell they 're saying or writing . 
  every word is miles long and consists of weird letter combinations . 
  sorry burazer , it 's not really easy to discern joke from a serious talk just by looking at text . 
  it 's been a while since i was in school but we 've always been taught that after ireland , our country had the biggest emmigration to other countries . 
  iirc , there 's around 4 million croats in the world excluding homeland . 
  way off friend . 
  i 've been here for over 20 years , never ever heard someone saying it , although we all know what it means . 
  it 's nothing personal , just sounds weird when trying to talk in slovenian ... for me , slovenian seems like a drunk from zagorje had a line of coke and let the words go loose . 
  i 'm not sure how to explain it , i feel very weird trying to talk slovenian . 
  red and white squares is our national coat of arms . 
  its earliest mention is from 15th century . 
  it 's a symbol of our history and struggle for independence . 
  even though i would n't mind , i 'm pretty sure you 'd find trouble if mentioning that to some conservative croat . 
  but i admit , it looks like a checkered table cloth . 
  its meaning though is much more historical . 
  seselj had an interesting statement while on court in haag : vojislav \u0160e\u0160elj : why did n't you read it all out ? 
  you read more beautifully than i do . 
  at the end i said : '' ... all you members of the registry office of the hague tribunal can only suck my dick . '', 
  but that is not my article . 
  it is my submission to the secretariat of the hague tribunal , which for a full two and a half years is preventing my defence and refusing to register my legal advisors and in other ways violating elemental rules and regulations with regard to my status and rights . 
  prosecutor nice : read the last short paragraph on this page . 
  vojislav \u0160e\u0160elj : no , i ca n't do only the last one . 
  i have to do the penultimate one and the last paragraph together because you can understand the last one only if i read the one but last paragraph as well . 
  `` my legal advisors are not my defence counsel and that is why they need not fulfil the conditions stipulated by the rules of procedure and evidence for defence counsel . 
  all they have to do is to fulfil those conditions which i prescribe for them . 
  and you can go on hampering my defence and then ultimately you 're going to have to eat all the shit that you excreted . 
  `` fuck you all , beginning with hans holthuis , and so on , including that tjarda van der spoel , who is a crook . '', 
  video source : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2eo2q-qhag, 
  i always thought romanians mostly travel to their coast cause it 's a lot closer than adriatic sea . 
  i believe past 50-60 years were the only peaceful time in europe in whole inhabited history . 
  croatian and serbian word is \u010daj , pronounced same . 
  i believe the word comes from chinese , i 've heard that on tv . 
  66 % voted yes , 33 voted no . 
  43 % of voters came out to vote , the rest obviously did n't care . 
  i 'm all for integration and joining forces so that we can all live easier and better ... but time will tell if this was a good move . 
  croatian president said yesterday they are expecting 40000 people in next few days ... 
  definitely . 
  although the problem started few months ago in italy and greece . 
  this is just the result of those mistakes and now we 're all in a deep shit trying to get out of this mess . 
  each and every country on their way is at fault by not controlling the situation more tightly . 
  everyone just transfers them to the next country , let them be theirs problem . 
  i believe , without any media hysteria , that we 've failed as humans and as sovereign countries by not doing things we 're obligated to do . 
  it 's a sad time for europe , that 's for certain . 
  we can call them any way we want , the reality is they are here and they are hungry . 
  at the very least , we should keep our dignity and understand their reasoning while trying to help them if possible . 
  media is having a field day with this topic . 
  they are always over-exaggerating and clickbaiting people to open their links . 
  try not to believe every scandalous title they write and just use reason . 
  no one wants to mistreat children but you ca n't guarantee that everyone is treated fairly ... it 's the problem with big numbers ... 
  it 's difficult to help thousands or tens of thousands in a matter of 24 hours ... media just wants to watch the world burn and earn those sweet clickbaiting moneys . 
  i 'd suggest avoiding local media sites ... 
  i 'd wager that living in refugee camps anywhere in the world is n't that good or desirable especially if you 're living couple of years in them . 
  some people just think they deserve more than waiting for the situation to calm down . 
  they should have sent old people and children instead and die somewhere between cyprus and greece ? 
  it 's reasonable to suggest that they 've thought about it and decided it 's way safer to send physically capable people on this long trip . 
  you are too high man . 
  how come we only hear about coffees that cost 7 $ on stradun ?
