  i get that there are places for residents that might have normal prices but everyone else is going to pay a lot of money at every corner they decide to enter . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  but from our perspective those prices are expensive . 
  not to mention hundreds of other forts and walls in croatia that do n't take any admission fee . 
  even with those prices , dubrovnik has its share of tourists . 
  there are people that can pay a lot , and that 's the only thing that matters in tourism . 
  i 'm just giving an opinion from croatian point of view . 
  that 's a bit more fair ... on their website , nothing says about it . 
  it only says , ticket is also valid for fort lovrjenac . 
  right below the `` tourist '' price , there 's a price for local residents which costs 4 $ . 
  multi-day pass ? 
  how big are those walls ? 
  judging by the size of the city , i bet you can see almost everything on the first day . 
  it 's a really nice place but it 's also a major tourist trap . 
  everyone in croatia knows that and avoids it at any cost . 
  everything in dubrovnik is overpriced . 
  it 's a very weird neighbor relationship . 
  we 've been in a union for so long and still do n't know a word of hungarian and vice versa ( except few loanwords incorporated in our language ) . 
  past 100 years , no one seems to even acknowledge there 's a country across river drava . 
  we do n't get any news about you , except catastrophic accidents and natural disasters . 
  i believe the language barrier separates us a lot and it 's a shame considering you 're one of the neighbors we do n't hold grudge . 
  i 've heard they are raising the entry fee for the walls ... outrageous 120kn , around 16 $ , just to walk around the walls . 
  also it 's the most expensive city on the coast ... croats certainly avoid it ... 
  not much correlation but it 's possible . 
  croatia and serbia are northern and still very much corrupted . 
  does he thinks other countries are stupid ? 
  if anyone needs any spare parts , you know where to find us . 
  thanks for the insights . 
  i 'm definitely comparing prices before deciding , good to know there are alternatives . 
  interesting ... 
  i 'm thinking of upgrading motherboard , processor and memory ... 
  if there 's 100 $ to save , why the hell not . 
  what 's their policy on damaged items ? 
  if something does n't work , things could get complicated ? 
  well , i 've never heard of jeftinije.hr before so we 're even now . 
  what was the price difference between web and croatian shops ? 
  is it worth it ? 
  how much did you pay for shipping ? 
  we also have similar website for comparison www.nabava.net , but it seems our prices mostly match european which sucks ... 
  this comment chain transcends simple combobreaking attempts . 
  it 's not easy to avoid it . 
  reading their history reminds me of balkan peninsula throughout the centuries . 
  and i thought we 're the most fucked up region . 
  i call it vatin . 
  i wonder what 's their statistics on road accidents considering they have 150km roads total out of which 60km is paved . 
  must be really low . 
  i expected a simple table with numbers . 
  they 've intentionally made the information as complicated as it can be . 
  what kind of a link is this ? 
  i have to pay $ 2100 just to see the report ? 
  fuck that . 
  here 's a screenshot of the places they 've measured : http://imgur.com/tls2hgo.png seems they 've measured worst places on your coast and called it a day . 
  my only regret is not knowing that sooner in my life . 
  i learned about it completely accidentally and all my friends never heard of it . 
  most croats wo n't ever get their laughs knowing this information and i 'm doing my part in spreading the word . 
  incredible . 
  it 's an abomination . 
  who comes up with this kind of shit ? 
  it never occurred to me that i should check it out . 
  i 've learned about it in 90 's , back when we did n't had all human knowledge in our pockets . 
  i just forgot about it until you mentioned it . 
  it would be a damn shame not to google it at least . 
  edit : this kinda answers it :  since 1999 the governments of italy and croatia recognize the community as a croatian minority in italy . 
  [ 4 ] however , the people consider themselves to be italo-slavs or croatian-speaking italians , and the term `` molise croat '' is a recent exonym rather than their own name for themselves , [ 5 ] dating to the middle 19th century . 
  so you 're saying there are no croats over there ? 
  it was one of the places we 've been learning since elementary school . 
  ca n't believe it could be a myth . 
  one time a finnish girl said croatian is so weird cause of all the consonants and impossible combinations . 
  after few minutes of wondering , i conceded that we 're , in fact , much more complicated than finnish language which barely uses any letter at all with almost no weird combinations anywhere . 
  one beer commercial shows few frames of quite a few weird names on local traffic signs . 
  it seems they are all real . 
  here 's the still image : http://imgur.com/uaobfkg.jpg \u0160pi\u010dkovina is always funny and it will never get old , much like pula , the biggest pula on the coast . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  imagine one of our biggest cities called kurac . 
  seriously , what the hell ? 
  i 'm still wondering , why were they popular over there ? 
  they were never big in croatia but to succeed in a different country is n't quite common . 
  that 's one of life 's greatest mysteries . 
  if it makes you feel better , the crew from nightmare stage has gathered again and they have a show on z1 television called `` na rubu pameti '' , translated `` on edge ( mentally ) '' . 
  friend said it was good but i 'm much too old to give up sleeping and watch those nutjobs . 
  also it has quite a few sexy citizens . 
  there 's even some love for vatican as well . 
  same thing in croatia and bosnia . 
  croatia is a bit more homogenous but bosnia is a clusterfuck of dialects that vary from town to town . 
  i was born in central bosnia but moved to croatia 20 years ago , someone from that region might have more knowledge about different bosnian dialects . 
  [ translated kuna means marten . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marten ) it 's a tribute to the old medieval times when trade and taxes were done in marten pelts . 
  smaller denominations are lipa , meaning basswood according to the translator . 
  there are 1,2,5,10,20 and 50 coins of lipa . 
  we barely use 1 or 2 lipa but that does n't stop the stores of placing .99 prices and taking that free 1 lipa for themselves . 
  1 euro is around 7.5 kuna . 
  in period between 1991 . and 1994 . we had croatian [ dinar ] ( http://www.hnb.hr/novcan/povijest/h-nastavak-5.htm ) . 
  every note had the same guy , a scientist called ru\u0111er bo\u0161kovi\u0107 . 
  someone older might fill in why we changed from dinar to kuna ... 
  i assume it has something to do with yugoslavian dinar before 1990 and our desire to separate from that country . 
  name of the city comes from romans , they had a city there called pola . 
  what is the story with the word pula in romanian ? 
  can they both be traced to romans perhaps ? 
  i 've heard city of pula means something completely different in romanian . 
  how come cyprus did n't had to sort out their border ?
