  if there would be different degrees of rape then a lot of people would say : it 's not * real * rape , because the person was intoxicated , or if a woman : she was wearing a short skirt and heels , walking alone , etc. 
  she should know better . 
  i 'm starting to belive people think we are the same nation , but one wanted to be on holidays and have sea , so we established slovenia . 
   almost no european country has conscription . 
  are you even from europe ? 
  this is the question i asked myself reading what he wrote !, 
  his father died in mass killings/genocide . 
  easy in theory , harder in practise . 
  and it 's not just their fault . 
  yes , but that does n't mean their culture is fully european . 
  i would say russia is like a conglomerate . 
  it has european culture , but it is eastern european culture . 
  it is different with different outlook on life and maybe different values, 
  russia is huge . 
  i think west part is european and then it is getting more and more asian . 
  also russia has it 's own culture ( not that other countries do n't have it ) , which is very different from american/western culture . 
  maybe once or twice a year . 
  ( i live in a villiage ), 
  you just offended two nations in one post . 
  homosexuals can marry and adopt children . 
  in my opinion most people do n't care , there is a bit of an issue when it comes to children , but i think that 's mostly older , undeducated people who are also very religious . 
  are n't the tallest people on balkan in dinaric alps ? 
  on wiki the data shows on balkan are men : 185,6 cm and 171,1 cm ( women ) , dutch men are 182,6 cm and 168,7 cm women . 
  * uncles from the background . 
  people were rude , bad weather , not very clean - a lot of trash lying next to road . 
  i lived ( around 6 onths each ) : - north portugal - no , thank you , never again - catalonia - yes , i love each part of spain - north europe - no , thank you . 
  i love sun , summer , heat , ... 
  spain or croatia . 
  [ \u010dunga lunga ] ( http://s.tf.rs/2012/03/13/cunga-lunga.jpg ) [ \u010dokolino ] ( http://www.podravka.com/repository/images/_variations/6/4/6408fd9fb7af1cc6440ab075d930c50c_content_medium_noaspect.jpg ), 
  i did n't mean pain in pain while doing the mutilation , i meant long-term troubles : giving birth , peeing , sexual pleasure . 
  giving birth is already very painful and life-threatening without fgm and when you add fgm . 
  + women fgm is often done barbaric and unhigienic and victim is often left alone for days in pain . 
  imagine being 10 years old girl who wakes up in abondened place covered in blood , wrapped in some cloth with terrible pain . 
  maybe you should read book called desert rose , desert flower . 
  + there was a thread on / r/askmen where they asked men , if they liked being circumcised or the ones who did it later in life feel any difference ( negative ) . 
  most of them said they do n't feel negative consequences . 
  all circumcision should be banned , but it hurts women more . 
  that is a fact . 
  men can still pee normal , have sex and feel pleasure ( not so much , but at least it is not painful ) . 
  women ca n't feel pleasure , penatrive sex is painful ( it last two weeks or even a month before a couple can have sex ) , have difficulties giving birth , etc. 
  also women where fgm is done are discrimnated against men . 
  if it does n't happen here in europe , does n't mean women do n't get discriminated . 
  please read about women in africa , middle east , indonesia ( women need to pass a virginity test to become police officers !!, 
  ) , asia ( pakistan , india ) , etc. 
  men do n't get discriminated so much as women . 
  yes , it happens , but try walking around/be on the internet as a women for a week . 
  you would be shocked !, 
  interesting . 
  and sadly they used the old map where yugoslavia still exists . 
  really ? 
  in my opinion not really . 
  slovenia was always considered a bit different in yugoslavia . 
  croatia , serbia and bosnia have more complicated relationships , while slovenes ... we are just up there north , minding our own thing . 
  if they wanted ( yugoslavian army ) , i 'm sure they could destroy us in matter of weeks . 
  also ( please correct me if i 'm wrong ) in slovene we usually say ` ja ' when we say ` yes ' . 
  in other slavic languages the word for yes is ` da ' . 
  yes , i know , i read it . 
  i know a lot of people who went to erasmus and met someone there . 
  you meet someone , you have a long - term relationship with them , but you are still young at that age . 
  maybe these couples are together for 4 years and after that they break-up . 
  we have condoms nowdays , so i think it the number is exaggerated . 
  even if you meet someone to have relationship with on erasmus it is not certain you will have a baby ( or get married ) with that person . 
  erasmus students are still very young , so the number is far too high . 
  you are talking about slovenia . 
  * or is that a joke ? 
  prevozi to vienna then maybe a bus or a train to praque . 
  yay , i 'll be there , 
  classic , they always forget us . 
  whole slovenia migrates to croatia in the summer . 
  russian . 
  * every single time * i was with my friends in spain , sitting in a restaurant . 
  we were talking and older men sitting a table away started talking about russians and how many russians are there on a holiday . 
  i 'm sure they were convinced we are from russia . 
   but if you have choose to have sex and become pregnant , it 's your own damn fault even if a condom broke , even if my birth control pills failed , etc. 
  women risk a lot by taking birth control pills . 
  my friend actaully had to stop because she had terrible headaches and fainted everyday . 
  do n't shame women because they like to have sex , but do n't want a child . 
  ever heard of `` windows of life '' ? 
  anyone can put a baby there and some loving and caring family most children do n't get adopted , they end up in foster homes and change them quite a lot . 
  having a child and not loving her/him is even more fucked up . 
  or not being able to provide the care that her/him needs . 
  also what about women who do n't want a child but ca n't abort , so they smoke/drink when pregnant ? 
  because fuck it , i do n't want a child , but have no other choice . 
  then kid will probably have even more fucked up life . 
  women hormones go crazy all the time . 
  from birth control to weather , menstrual circle . 
  it 's a shock for a body yes , but carrying a child is too . 
  you should read some threads about pregnancy ( / r/askwomen / r/askreddit ) and what things about it are not generally known . 
  also recovering from child birth is not 1 week and i 'm okay . 
  some women need surgaries to sew their vagina back , pee all the time , etc. 
  so if i do n't want a child/in case of rape ... 
  i 'm not going through this . 
  and rather take a pill to abort than have all the body problems + a child i 'm not ready for . 
  still these companies are in such small numbers . 
  men are favored over women , but god forbid some companies give women a chance too . 
  i 'm against this , but your argument is such a weak one . 
  there 's a post on / r/trollxchromosomes right now and it 's full of comments of ladies who talked with older women who lived in times when abortions were illegal . 
  someone 's grandomother drank a bottle of rum when she was 14 years old . 
  in old days rum had large dose of methanol . 
  she went blind on one eye .
