  did n't lose the child . 
  she did it later , i do n't know how . 
  this thread is full of men judging women and being against abortion . 
  it would be a lot different if men could be pregnant . 
  we praise soldiers who kill people who already live and are loved by their family and friends . 
  but hey , it 's the biggest sin if a woman has an abortion . 
  fetus is not even a person in her womb , but it 's a murder . 
  actually nowdays abortions are n't that terrible , especially in the first weeks . 
  they give you a pill , you bleed ( like a period ) and that 's it . 
  you go to a check up in a week or two . 
  a lot of companies wo n't hire ( young ) women because they will have children and go to maternity leave . 
  also taking days off because your child is sick . 
   and it was never between the people but mostly due to political games . 
  i did n't say between people . 
  the post i was reffering to was more about politics . 
  what about recent history ? 
  borders , letting refugees into the country , etc. 
  and domobranci and ustasa being friends is n't something to be proud off . 
   because razor-wire strikes chords of our cold war with russia to me , and is n't something you roll out near people you care about . 
  i know refugees/immigration is a huge deal right now , but razor wire is another level entirely , and absolutely has to bring back images of at the very least , ww2 scenes to european nations . 
  austria started building fence on the border with slovenia too . 
  croatia and slovenia never were besties . 
  fence did n't damage our relationship . 
  ** severina ** of course . 
  and other yugo bands/singers ( plavi orkestar , parni valjak , lete\u010di odred , etc ) others : indila la oreja de van gogh alizee shy 'm, 
  slovenia - wine studies and drinking, 
  slovenia too . 
  this is n't a map of ` applied for asylum ' ... there is a chart yes , but also number of illegal crossings . 
  this is an old map . 
  when hungary closed borders we had 250 000 migrants in a month ( or even more ) . 
   slovenia - german ordnung , but much more friendly people . 
  awww thanks , 
  you might offer it to the guest , but its ' more like it to keep it and eat it later ( alone , with your family or one of the members of your family will eat it ), 
  believe it or not tracksuits arent really common in slovenia . 
  and he insulted me too ( i am a woman ) : /, 
   `` fit ... 
  fit ... 
  fit ... 
  wait ... back to slovenia '' yeah , thanks ali g. 
  i traveled to spain alone when i was 17 . 
  did not have any written persmission . 
  no one asked me anything . 
  not in vienna , not in madrid . 
   i always wondered , does she get 72 virgins ? 
  i honetly do n't know what is this obession with virginity ? 
  getting 72 virgins probably does n't result in great , fun , exciting sex . 
  maybe they should wish for 72 porn stars :p, 
   how can a 15 yo cross borders with a legal guardian ? 
  wtf !? 
  you can . 
  i was 16 when i went alone to uk and 17 when i went to spain . 
  by plane . 
  no one asked questions . 
  i also looked younger than my age . 
  each country has an army . 
  i do n't think the key here are her sex skills , but more her assx4, 
   yes , because the germans desperately need their slovenian friends , whatever would they do without them we need them . 
  whose economy is better croatian 's or germany 's ? 
  also croatians have been mean to us since 1991 . 
  they were letting refugees across the border in non-organized way through fields and rivers in the middle of the night . 
   us slovenians are cutting off our only historical allies . 
  during the second world war we were the only country in europe with three occupation regimes - the italians , the austro-germans , the hungarians !, 
  if it were n't for the slovene , serbian , bosnian and croatian partisans , your grandparents would end up in a fucking chimney !, 
  allies change over time . 
  just like people do or friendships . 
  just go to any porn site and search for kardashian . 
  it 's all over the net , not hard to find . 
   sleeve tattoos . 
  i think this is becoming a thing in europe too . 
  where do you live that do n't charge you that ? 
  they usually do , if the atm is not from the bank you are a client . 
   owning a car . 
  in most eu countries it is unusual to have your own car until you 're with kids ; before then if you need your car your work will either lease you one or pay you extra for your car expenses . 
  you wo n't use your car too much for personal stuff . 
  i would n't agree with this . 
  people usually get their own car when they turn 18 or 19 , except if you live in the city center . 
   kardashians everyone watched kim 's porno . 
  also young women follow them on instagram . 
  otherwise , not really . 
  it 's frustrating how many people ( on twitter ) in slovenia thinks the fence is un-neccesary . 
  that there is no saftey risk with so many refugees ( because all of them are nice people , families ) and if you say that there are saftey concerns ( terrorism ) , they say you a nazi , far-right . 
  slovenia is the monster here according to them . 
  um ... as a woman i think this photo may be photoshopped . 
  because who ( except maybe porn star on the set of the new movie ) would go for a lunch in the middle of day in that t-shirt without a bra with boobs that big ? 
  it hurts and it 's extremly uncomfortable . 
  it may be her face , but i doubt it 's her body , or boobs are photoshopped . 
  her lips are average , but many women have even thinner lips . 
  beady eyes ? 
  probably just awful makeup . 
  crooked nose ? 
  maybe a bit big , but overall i think she 's cute, 
  i think she is cute . 
  different picture , longer hair/different hairstyle and she would be beautiful . 
  i really do n't see why people here think she 's unatttractive . 
  i 'll count you as spain . 
  says half tyrannaurus half duck . 
  when i go out i always order : vodka + lemon with a glass of water and then pour a little bit of ( cold ) water in glass with vodka and mix it . 
  cheap and good . 
  vodka + water best thing to drink . 
  one !,
