  my post was more aimed at many people who do n't have a good education and think that moving to germany/austria/any other rich country will suddenly make them rich . 
   but slovenia does not have fence to effectively stop people crossing ? 
  we have natural fence :d hills , mountains and forest . 
  also our roads are like a maze . 
  can get lost easily . 
   slovenian apartments start from 75k euros for a tiny apartment and goes to 150k for a normal 70m2 apartment . 
  depends where . 
  ljubljana yes , in other places much less . 
  in maribor you can get a tiny apartment for 22 000 $ . 
  rent for 2 - room apartment ( with kitchen and bathroom ) around 250 $ . 
  if they wo n't walk along the highway , but through fields and forests , they will find themselves in [ where the hell i am ? 
  of course because people outside slovenia are all filthy rich . 
  there are poor people in rich countries too . 
  austria has more expensive living cost ( food , apartment , etc ) . 
  do n't worry . 
  they even think slovenia and croatia are hell and we have stalin and lenin here . 
  reporter : slovenia , croatia , hungary ? 
  refugee : no , no . 
  go to hell . 
  he does n't know that if he would stay in slovenia and open a restaurant with his national cousine , he would be rich . 
  [ refugee on croatia and slovenia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8cpqv18.jpg ), 
  why are everyone talking about latvian girl ? 
  to me german girl is way hotter . 
  otherwise , video si funny . 
  yes . 
  forgot about him . 
  [ iryna ospenyko ] ( http://img.rtvslo.si/_up/upload/2010/10/20/64736728_img_9342.jpg ) : she is from ukraine and now she 's a famous model and tv-host in slovenia . 
  also another woman from ukraine is famous here : dancer and model [ nadiya bychkova ] ( http://govori.se/media/cache/upload/photo/2009/01/19/_dsc4194_biggalleryimage.jpg ) [ branko \u0110uri\u0107 ] ( http://www.ribnica24.eu/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/branko-uric-uro.jpg ) - born in bosnia ; famous actor and movie director , he 's married to slovenian actress . 
  maybe one or two procents of them have already some family members there who came years ago . 
  maybe they have a family there . 
   so that makes italy best with 2000 $ salary , spain is 1700 $ , slovenia is 1000 $ and croatia 750 $ but price of living is also higher in spain and italy . 
  ( i have lived and worked in spain for a year and traveled all around ) . 
   why not live in italy or spain than , same climate but a better country how is italy or spain better country than slovenia ? 
  spain is in deep economy crisis , people sleep on the streets , because they lost their house . 
  i 'm not saying spian and italy are n't good , but slovenia is not a bad country or worse than those two . 
  how would i feel ? 
  i am a woman . 
  i do not hold any prejudice , these are actual events that happened to me . 
  it hasnt happened with european men . 
  if some are more persistant yes , but they do not pull me by my hoodie while walking to the supermarket . 
  i do not trust anyone and i am careful around strangers , it does n't matter where they are from . 
  i was a turist in those countries where this happened and i did look a bit exotic in portugal . 
  i would say they are not so protective , they let us handle it on our own . 
  maybe they will help if they a woman is a their friend or gf , but to some random girl , no . 
  at least not until she starts screaming and fighting . 
   is my impression that european men are betas wrong sorry , but what ? 
  couldd you explain this question a little bit . 
  austria , czech republic , denmark , germany , netherlands , slovakia , poland , switzerland , i think ireland , sweden and norway are wonderful countries , but i 'm not a fan of cold weather and long winters . 
  that 's really nice to hear , 
  yeah , i know that now . 
  i tell them loud to leave me alone . 
  learned my lesson, 
  nope . 
  in the case of african guy it was a short street , no one was there , just parked cars and then exit to highway . 
  in a bar , people were just minding their own bussines . 
  i remembered another one , this one is a bit more scary ... at least for me . 
  me and my friend ( also a woman ) were around 19 or 20 years old at that time , traveling with a train from slovenia to vienna . 
  soon across the border in austria , 2 men from africa come in our train place ( the small space where a few people can sit ... do n't know how it 's called ) . 
  they sit very near us , start hugging us , touching my hand , asking what are we going to do in vienna , if we want to meet them , if we have family there . 
  those two or three hours were soooo loong . 
  and we could n't move to another space in the train because it was full . 
  they wanted to have our phone numbers and as young stupid girls we gave them a phone number from one of us . 
  they called us for 2 days straight all the time ( we never picked up ) . 
  my friend even received around 30 phone calls from that number a month or two later . 
   ( does this count ? ), 
  everything counts , 
  something similar happened to me in portugal . 
  and only with black guy and one was from pakistan . 
  i was walking alone , it was around 7 pm ( for reference i 'm 157 cm ) and a big guy started following me ( african probably , he was black ) . 
  i was walking on a side off a road : on one side only parked cars on the other side a high fence with trees on the other side . 
  i stopped , because i thought he wanted to pass me as i maybe walk slow . 
  nope he grabbed me by my hoodie and pulled me back with a lot of force and stared asking where i 'm going , where i 'm from . 
  after my angry look and not responding he let me go . 
  thank god . 
  the guy from pakistan ... he wanted to get me drunk and he i got a feeling that just because i was dancing in a bar , he would have a chance with me , if he got me drunk . 
  sadly , i 'm used to alcohol and 2 shots of vodka do n't get me drunk . 
  me and my friend were having really good time , but we had to leave because he would n't leave me alone . 
  how can that be possible ? 
  were everyone just ok with this ? 
  yes . 
  sesalec in slovenian language could also mean vacuum cleaner . 
  if it would n't rain so much i would say netherlands ( because of people 's mentality , economy , money , nature , etc ) . 
  but i love sunny weather so for me south europe for life . 
  i like slovenia , i have a good job , saving to buy an apartment next year , safe . 
  i would also say czech republic . 
  i just said : ** i knw it must be bad for them waiting , but we have laws here and if you are a reugee , you need to be patient . 
  ** also they in hungary now where is safe , sure it 's frustraiting for them trying to sort their status and documents , but there are many of them and it 's impossible for authorities to sort their status in one day . 
   they . 
  want . 
  work . 
  here is also a problem . 
  they all go to germany because they think they will get work there . 
  but is there enough jobs in germany for all of them ? 
  what will happen when they are going to be without a job for a certain time ? 
  i 'm not saying stop them , but someone needs to realistically tell them about job market in eu and especially germany . 
  like a few days ago only 6 of them stayed in austria . 
  i 'm sure a few hundres could find a job in austria too . 
  and austria is safe , nice , wealthy country . 
   people in need of medical assistance are taken to a hospital , or at least to a doctor practicing on site , no questions asked . 
  there are also volunteer doctors and nurses tending them for smaller injuries or sickness .
