  food is provided , and even fidesz 's mouthpiece said that women and children do n't take part in the `` hunger strike '' . 
  there 's no need to demand something they already have access to . 
  that is very nice to hear . 
   the protests are peaceful , and their demands go `` only '' as far as letting them go i agree we should let them where they want to go , but not without making a list who 's coming first . 
  and processing xx xxx number of people is not possible in 2 or 3 days . 
  if they have food/water provided , then they , after all they went through ( thank god they survived ) , should be reasonable and wait so goverment takes notes and let them go to germany/austria . 
  these are the laws . 
  i can not board a plane if they do n't scan my bags , my documents ; i can not go to seaside to croatia without my id , i need visa if i want to visit more exotic country ( and wait for it too ) . 
  there are regulations for a reason . 
  of course they do n't like waiting , because it 's boring , but that 's how it is . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not , but that does n't mean we should n't make notifications on who is coming ( you know : name , surname , age , etc ) . 
  i just said what i saw in videos . 
  they need to consider they are coming to another culture and if you go to ex : post office/office to make documents there are certain laws , timetables , forms . 
  i meant more in a way : protesting , aggressive in their demands ( give us , let us otherwise this will happen ) ; not actually aggressive in hurting police officers . 
  but i never saw a woman , a mother , demand very loudly food for her child or medical assistance . 
  i 'm not against migrants and refugees in europe , but with that attitude they will have a lot of troubles . 
  i knw it must be bad for them waiting , but we have laws here and if you are a reugee , you need to be patient . 
  also can someone tell them germany is n't a fairy tale ? 
  they will have to work there too and will have a lot of trouble assimilating . 
  germany and germans have rules . 
  also as i watch these videos ( that one about drunk guy in park in serbia , riots , macedonia and packages of red cross , photos from station in hungary ) i noticed one thing : a lot of men are very aggressive - they want to fight if it 's not their way , while women are helpless and completly in the background , sometimes men use them ( and children ) to provoke the police - like throwng them on tracks . 
  we will need a lot of classes about women 's place in the eu society and that is not the right thing to hit women . 
  * i know there is gender violence in eu too , i 'm not denying it , but women in general are far more respected here * there is no middle opinion : some are against migrants and other would give them everything . 
  i think we should be far more careful who we let in . 
  if you do n't want free water ... you can turn right back and leave . 
   eastern europe is not a safe place for people with darkish skin i would n't say it 's not safe . 
  maybe they would feel more of an outsiders , unwelcomed that in others multi-cultural countries where there is more people with different skin colour . 
  i think this should be expected . 
  i was thinking that if migrants come to our country and i would bring them food/water , they would try to take more from me . 
  or wo n't be angry that i gave someone else a bottle of water but not to him/her . 
  you can not expect that people who are hungry wo n't try to take away all the things you have in your bag . 
  you can not just give one child a candy , when you they see you have a full bag of food ... rather not bring any . 
  * i 'm not saying you should bring food for 100 , but do n't bring just one sandwich and one water bottle . 
   he was trying to kiss her , which i do n't really consider rape it 's a sexual assualt . 
  i would be very angry if some random man would tyr to stuck his tongue in my mouth . 
  i can not help , if you are on reddit 24/7 and see every single post . 
   right-wing conservatives i lived with a woman from kaunas . 
  can confirm , very conservative . 
  i think university of ljubljana . 
  we do n't have a lot of universities . 
  if they are shooting at him ( or he is on the battlefield ) than they probably know he 's there . 
  nah , we are special . 
   good one . 
  all of the sudden , isis is good to women ? 
  what a joke no , i did n't say they are good to women . 
  they think they are incapable living independent , they are less than men , they should be at home , behind 4 walls . 
  it safer to be locked at home , then fight for isis or any other army . 
  but if you are a woman you have to pray they do n't rape you , sell you as sex slave or caught you cheating . 
  of course many of them do travel for economic migrantions , because othervise they would travel from syria to sweden and would settle in example austria . 
   honestly it does n't make sense to me it does n't , but think about it this way : isis wants men to joing them . 
  if they do n't , they will kill them or their families . 
  but they will leave women alone ( locked in the house , they are n't soldiers ) . 
  so of course more men leave their country : they do n't want to fight for is , but can not fight against it , because they have no weapon and can get refugee status in another country and after some time , they can bring their family . 
  also for many women from these countries , they can not image travelling to another far aways country without their man . 
  our interviewer asked the refugees in greece why there are mostly men and they explained , because it 's too dangerous for children and when ( if ) they settle in another country after some time they can bring their other family members too ... by plane or train ( far safer ) . 
  a lot of women are scare to travel and someone needs to take care of the children . 
  also we should look into their view on women who are often seen * lower * than men . 
  you know , sons are always better than daughters . 
  so you can not expect there will be 50 % -50 % gender ratio of refugees from countries where they stone women who were raped or pour acid on them ( afganistan , do n't know about syria ) . 
   it was closer to bratislava that 's slovakia . 
  finally perfect name for us , 
  that too . 
  it 's like a golden rule . 
  one person tried to convice me i 'm from slovakia and one guy who was flirting with me thought i was lying to him ( or i do n't want to talk to him ) , because he only knew slovakia and could n't belive there is country called slovenia too . 
  but in case , they forgot about slovakia , they say ( with really wide eyes ) : ` slovenia ? 
  interesting . 
  is it cold there now ? ', 
  happened to me all the time this year while on holidays in spain/portugal . 
  yeah , we live there , that southern place is just where we go to holidays in the summer . 
  but some of us decided to live there the whole year . 
  next to italy , south of austria , north balkan . 
  tiny chicken . 
  and people usually think we are next to baltic states/ukraine and ask me if it 's cold there now in the summer . 
   or because they are fleeing a war , are vastly males in the prime of their lives . 
  i agree with your post completly , but there is also another problem . 
  immigrants from africa , not middle east . 
  most of them are young men who come to europe for money . 
  and we , europeans , help africa by giving money for food , medicine , etc and supporting their lifestyle instead of teaching them how to work , how to have better society . 
  i think the blame is also on catholic priests : they are telling ( or better say : not stopping ) people to have more kids . 
  so families have around 10 children . 
  in uganda where they have good soil , rain , etc , they do n't know how to use their land , but we give them money or they just expect us to or they come to europe . 
  our version : kurba . 
  then austria and australia . 
  for slovenia number should be higher . 
  a lot of people produce their own wine and have wine yards . 
  that 's so cute . 
  hope they wo n't get destroyed by reckless people, 
   nd you have to start a new one , you will not leave everything to move into a second world country , instead you will aim for a first world country . 
  you think that poland , czech republic , croatia , slovenia , etc ( known as eastern europe ) are second world countries ? 
  better human rights ? 
  that is one of the dumbest things i read on reddit . 
  a lot of cities are safer there . 
  yes , you get paid less than example the uk , but prices are also lower . 
  you can have a decent life there too . 
  you do know there are other countries in europe which are not so popular when it comes to refugees and immigrants and would pobably be easier to start and get papers ? 
  yes , i know about this one . 
  i was thinking more about people 's personal experiences . 
  spanish pans & company needs to expend to other eu countries . 
  much better than subyway , burger king , mcdonalds , etc.
