  yeah , i would n't want to be a woman back then . 
  also they did n't have periods every month like women have today . 
  bad nutrition - lose of period , pregnant more often - no period . 
  because they are necessary to half of the planet and extremly overpriced . 
  i do n't mind paying for tampons , but why does 32 small pieces of cotton costs around 6 euros ? 
  or maybe they could cover x % for menstrual cup . 
  in australia such things are tax free ( i think canada is on the same path ) . 
  toilet paper is on the same list - tax free . 
   a different kind of hair to shave :d yeah , i 'll start a campain for women to stop shaving their armpits , legs and intimate area . 
  you 'll change your opinion very fast . 
  my raeson is let 's say tampons - small pieces of cotton , but they are overpriced by xx times . 
  and i do n't know , if you know that , but women need to change it quite often , not just 2/day . 
  you can not shave for 4 days/not too often/say i 'll do it tommorrow . 
  when period comes you do n't have a choice . 
  birth control is also a medicine and many women have to take it for other reason too , not just preventing pregnancy . 
  also be happy that you do n't need to take pills for it . 
  they can have serious side effects and i 'm not talking just gaining weight , mood swings ... a friend of mine collapsed almost every day because of bc pills . 
  and yes , condoms should also be tax free or xx amount/per year should be available for free . 
  also the price of morning after pill is much much higher than condoms . 
  it 's not the same . 
  then shaving products should be free for both . 
  you know , women have hair too . 
  also you can choose not to shave . 
  i can not force my uterus not to shed every month . 
  also you can use shaving machine for taking care of your beard . 
  tampons/pads should be tax free ( or every woman should get some amount/year for free ) . 
  a lot of empleeyes fear when woman will get pregnant . 
  they will have to find someone else fo that time ( extra cost ) , also baby will probably be sick so a woman will take a lot sick days . 
  well , it 's a normal process in woman 's body , if you like it or not . 
  as a woman i find it interesting . 
  we had a post about porn stars and there were no complains ... suddenly when it comes to tampons/pads , it 's ` why ? 
  ' / ' i do n't need to know that . 
  i would guess one of the baltic countries ... estonia maybe ? 
  i know . 
  it is more of a fun thread , not serious . 
  just to see what people would say . 
  styria in slovenia is special . 
  een when it comes to single/family life . 
   she had massive plastic lips , breasts which i felt like the biggest pervert is n't this kind of a trend in serbia , especially in beograd ? 
  i went out to clubs there and i 've never seen so many women with fake lips and 10 kg of make up in my life . 
  but that 's also good . 
  one of my fav online shops does n't ship to slovenia , but it does to slovakia . 
  i just write my whole address + slovenia and then choose option slovakia . 
  i get mail everytime , on time ( in a week ) , no problems . 
  * in slovene that would mean : czech-slovenian *, 
  no one knows slovenia . 
  i forgot to add / s in the end . 
  soon it will be . 
  in the middle of germany . 
  we have s ** love ** nia in our name . 
  chicken shape . 
  i prefer `` road is white '' * jebela cesta * . 
  that one really offends people / s, 
  i 'm just going to say that as a woman with slavic accent ... everyone thinks i 'm from russia . 
  also i had to say ` i 'll kill you mr. 
  bond ' a lot when i was abroad , because it sounded like a russian villian in bond movies . 
   favourite : italy or austria if you are from the eastern part , 
   favourite neighbour : slovenia i do n't know how did we deserve this , but thank you , 
  police life, 
  iceland police has really good pr . 
  just check out their instagram profile . 
  austrians - some of them live in the basments ; also they love wearing their national custome italians - loud , fashionable , good food english - prude , ugly * ( sorry ) * ... there is a reason why they are on their own island germans - love their laws and order, 
  meh , all they know about me i like shopping and i 'm currenty obsessed with buying make up . 
  bank account number for the win . 
  i remember that some slovenian magazine had an article about her and compared her face to angelina jolie , that she kinda looks like her . 
  thank you , i forgot about tjasha zhidan, 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwqqx794ois ) looks like cheap porn intro, 
  in my opinion serbian many turbo folk videos are worse/trashier . 
  that 's wonderful . 
   check out hgich.t pure gold . 
  this one is my candifate from slovenia [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cwwntazmsq ) , but i 'm sure we could find 1000 more . 
  any big differences in lifestyle , communication , food , fashion sense , etc. . . ? 
  and because the usa is big ... which part/state/city did you visit ? 
  what are customs of tipping in restaurants in your country ? 
  do you just round up a bill , give 10 % or it 's uncommon ( but appreciated ) ? 
  what was the most ridiculous thing a turist said to you about your country ? 
  or maybe when you were as a turist in a foreign country and you said ` name of your country ' ... any ridicolous responses ? 
  why country you visited would you recommend to other people ? 
  + what should people do , see , eat etc. 
  there ? 
  + why would you recommend it ? 
  + what should be avoided ? 
  while you were travelling ? 
  met tourist in your own country who could n't understand slovenia/slovakia confussion, 
  really trashy , funny or a music video people in your country are ashamed that it exist , even it was popular . 
  if not againt the rules , post a photo without a flair or from throwaway and others will guess country . 
  can we have that ? 
  if not , then maybe write something about yourself which could indicate where you come from ( a sentance or two and then give more and more hints ), 
  what are some things that people talk about on reddit when it comes to life expriences , maybe politics , love and dating , etc. 
  but people in your country ( or general in europe ) do n't do it ? 
  when you are introducted to a new person what 's the custom in your country : shaking hands , hugging or kiss on the cheek ( one or two ? ) ? 
  it can be formal ( work , meeting , school ) or informal place ( bar , new * friend * , party , etc ), 
  slovenia is very diverse as far as climate and nature goes . 
  i see you would bike trough bled , bohinj which are close to the alps and then go to ljubljana and the seaside which has a mediterranean climate . 
  it 's cheap because goverment pays part of your meal . 
  let 's say a student meal would be 5.80 $ , goverment would pay part ( around 2.80 $ - maybe more , i forget , i 'm not a student anymore ) , so you would pay 3 $ . 
  depends where you eat ( fast food restaurant or something fancier ) . 
  you can eat like this every day , twice a day , but it has to be 3 hours apart ( and from 8.00 until 20.00 in the evening ) . 
  student life is cheap here . 
  yes , it cheaper .
