  there are some , but 90 % women on those photos are hot and could be models, 
  there are far more attractive women than men in those photos . 
  which is good if you are a man , 
  but women look really nice . 
  * sorry russians *, 
  where are photos of male police officers ? 
  relax , it 's not a serious thread , just something to read while you are bored and have a laugh . 
  not everything has to be negative . 
   yes , we are a poor country . 
  i noticed a lot of expensive cars in portugal ( a lot of students owned smart - which is quite expensive for a small car ) , but houses looked like they were falling apart on the outside, 
   because unlike 20 years ago , the balkans is the source of the refugees . 
  um ... when did refugees come from slovenia ? 
  why do you think they would be useless here ? 
  slovenia is overflown with refugees . 
  around 120 000 has entered slovenia in 2 weeks . 
  that is more people than population of second biggest city . 
  our police and army forces need help . 
  hope they do n't a mistake and end up in slovakia :p, 
  you clearly have n't been to cities/towns in catalunya ( and i 'm not even taking about barcelona ) . 
  there are 4 flags on one house common thing . 
  i agree . 
  please give glasses to women who voted in this poll . 
  * or i 'm spoiled by looking at slovenians *, 
   when it will take place no idea . 
   the outcome will be ? 
  that 's hard to predict . 
  most people do n't have anything against homosexuals and marriage , but here is the question of adopting children and well ... a lot of people are against . 
   to form a civil union civil union is allowed , but not marriage equal to men-women marriage . 
  also adoption of children would be allowed by new law . 
  we are deeply ashamed that we even need to have a referendum for that . 
  the law was accepted in parliament , but then conservatives demanded referendum . 
  umm ... boobs are god 's creation , so we can worship them , 
  bottom half, 
  immediately in slovenia means : first pick who is going to do it ( company ) , then again , because the first time something was n't right . 
  that takes min . 
  6 months then hire workers who usually just stand and talk , maybe work an hour or two . 
  sometime around 2023 we can expect half of the fence to be complicated . 
  5 too much . 
  i know that , but tell this to our goverment . 
  with our construction companies it would take 10 years to build a fence . 
  ( no sarcasm ) . 
  and slovenia , a country with 2 million people , will fall under all the refugees . 
  love balkans !, 
  can i choose any country i want ? 
  spain , here i come !, 
  the closest one ? 
  i need to move to finland . 
  you do understand that hymen can streches from working out ( riding a bike or a horse ) and not just sex, 
   grindr why would i need a gay app ? 
  i 'm a woman last time i checked . 
   honestly , i have n't figured that out yet . 
  majority of men in slovenia have n't , so do n't worry :d, 
   once the austrians are overwhelmed with their numbers they will deploy the army . 
  then you do the same . 
  problem solved . 
  we do n't have enough police and army force to do that . 
  umm . . slovenia is really not that bad . 
  every refugee gets a warm free meal in time of lunch/dinner , transport is well organized , there is medical staff , etc. 
  but we can not process so many very quick , that 's why riots start . 
  when reading twitter i ca n't believe how naive some of our people are . 
  refugees are burning down their tents , stole things from gas station ( * got scared and ran when police came , so they did n't pay * ) and people are still on their side . 
  i 'm not op , but this happened today 21.10.2015 in refugee camp in bre\u017eice , slovenia . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.rtvslo.si/slovenija/pogoreli-dve-tretjini-sprejemnega-centra-v-brezicah/376803 ) - in slovenian language 2/3 of the refugee camp burned down . 
  we try to help . 
  they burn down their tents . 
  most slovenians are angry at croatia for sending so many refugees to our borders . 
  i think there was a deal about x number and now they are driving xx people to borders . 
  slovenia can not process so many so quickly and refugees are angry that they need to wait . 
  most people know refugees are just passing through , the fear is that austria closes borders . 
  * then we can declare islam as main religion . 
  we already asked europe to send more police , we can not deal with so many refugees . 
  the number of refugees is now around 20 000 , if they would be all in one place , that * place * would be among 10 biggest cities in slovenia . 
   not if whole family chip in to send you to europe to `` get rich and support them '' we have a lot of workers from balkan countries ( bosnia , serbia ) who work here - even lower paid jobs and still manage to send some money back home . 
  she is n't considered hot ? 
   hot croatian blonde jelena rozga ? 
   toilet paper , tooth paste are given the same treatment yes . 
  also with a lot of things ( clothes , shoes ) you can buy them second hand/get them at sales or charity shops . 
  you can make food at home . 
  we have a small garden with vegetables and fruit trees at home . 
  you ca n't make tampons/pads at home . 
  or re-use them . 
   cheap ? 
  sure , but they are already cheap . 
  it 's expensive when you go for the brands . 
  the things with brands and tampons/pads is that the expensive ones are far more better . 
  you could say that applies to all things , but you would n't believe the difference when it comes to these small cotton things . 
  also tampons/pads ca n't let you down . 
  you buy chocolate that taste bad ? 
  ok , i 'll eat it/it will satsify my cravings/won ' t buy it anymore . 
  but when you have blood coming out of you 24/7 for 5 days quality is important , especially if you need to go to school/work/do sports . 
  i can not go to the bathroom every 1 hour . 
  also cheaper tampons do n't soak that much , so you need more of them . 
  in the end the price you pay is the same . 
  meh , for the wrong reasons . 
  let people decide if they want to shave or not . 
  i 'm sure . 
  yes . 
  at least basic food should be tax free : rice , pasta , meat , milk , etc. 
  and then apply higher tax to drink full of sugar , cakes , etc. 
   for thousands of years females managed to survive without pads or tampons .
