i think that 's one if croatian - you can see a person dressed in croatian flag behind her . 
  for slovenia is the blond one ? 
  he is not a hero , mostly people make fun of him . 
  he was * famous * around 10 years ago , because he swam amazon river and mississipi . 
  but he swam with the river flow , so that 's why he does n't have to be fit . 
  yey , someone would like to live in slovenia . 
  ljubljana is a good choice . 
  somewhere in andalucia , spain . 
  or anywhere south of madrid , spain . 
  netherlands is also cool , but i hate rain . 
  chicken soup ! , tea with sugar and lemon juice ( freshly squeezed ) . 
  no , they went straight to austria without a problem . 
  most just spend a day or maybe two in our camps . 
  just balkan things . 
  i like the one from prekmurje [ simple , but stylish ] ( http://www.preloka.si/images/foto2015/bela-krajina/prekmurje.jpg ), 
  and how many did n't because of shame and fear ? 
  yes . 
  and it happened again yesterday . 
  some refugees were waiting to enter slovenia for a day or two . 
  our own people came with a idea of hunger strike and a protest . 
  didnt work as the buses came also at night and refugees were taken to camps . 
  i dont know why they are doing that . 
   but if you 're a refugee you go to any safe place that 's true , because by the law they are obligated to apply as a refugees in the first safe country they enter . 
  i do n't know what jelin\u010di\u010d said , i agree with him sometimes , but a lot of times he is to extreme in my opinion . 
   tear gas use at the slovenian border teargas on our border was not use on refugees , but we have some crazy activists and anarhists who attacked the police when the regugees arrived . 
  but we are not holding them . 
  they take them to camps , give them food , clothes and sign them . 
  then they can go . 
  many of them left to austria . 
  so some of our camps have around 100-300 people now, 
  * balkan way *, 
  that is because most of these people were not poor in their countries . 
  they were middle class , had some savings and they could pay the smuglers . 
  syria was not a poor country before . 
  and of course you need some money if you want to travel the whole balkans . 
  maybe that 500 $ is all they have left . 
  the ones without the money , they stay in reguee camps in turkey . 
  - russian - apparantly i look russian . 
  slavic accent does n't help . 
  other : - slovak - czech - french ( i got this one only twice ) but mostly some * eastern * european country . 
  i think the refugees have good conditions here for now . 
  there have been few minor incidents . 
  a lot of people help , gives refuees a lift with a car to austrian border , brings food/clothes , etc. 
  also people are donating food to our police officers , because police did n't arrange food for them , so there were news that they only got a sandwich and a drink in 12 hours as they were working on the border . 
  tv-stations interviewed some of the refuees and they said , it 's ok here , they have everything they need in the camps . 
  but i 'm not sure how we will handle this long-trem or if there will be suddenly many more refugees as we are such a small country . 
  i can speak croatian . 
  and i understand a bit of czech and slovakian . 
  i corrected , it was a mistake , teenage mothers , not births . 
  yeah right . 
  also we have the lowest rate of teenage mothers in the whole world , 
  you guys should be happy about that and not shame us . 
  maybe it is , maybe it isnt . 
  that 's the funniest video i saw today . 
  thanks, 
   the reason you 're more popular is cause we have less to spend i feel maybe also nature ? 
  i mean beaches in spain can not comapre to beaches in croatia . 
  and yes , everything is cheaper and maybe a bit more exotic/different . 
  i was , a little bit . 
  it 's ok , if you do n't want to stay here , that 's your own decision . 
  but do n't say it 's hell with lenin and stalin . 
  maybe they will go to slovenia/croatia to holidays when they get rich in sweden/german . 
  you know , we are kinda popular now as a turist destination . 
  yes , it is and i do n't know why . 
  they asked for a source and i gave them a link to rtv slo ( our national tv and radio ) website where this photo was published . 
  photo is by reuters and i do n't have time to look for it on their website . 
  [ link ] ( http://100percentfedup.com/muslim-petitions-to-cancel-oktoberfest-in-germany-as-munich-police-plan-to-keep-refugees-and-revelers-apart/ ), 
   a cultural thing if that 's the reason , there are going to be trouble . 
  maybe it 's more of a culture thing . 
  offtopic : muslim started a petition in germany to ban oktoberfest . 
   guys do n't forget that these people might have had better lives in syria/iraq compared to what they experience now . 
  of course . 
  but if you are a refugee , you still can not demand a flight ticket to germany and everything on the plate . 
  it 's understandable that they want a good life . 
  but there are also laws about crossing the country . 
  and with so many people you ca n't document everyone in 2 days . 
   where they have expensive phones , so access to the internet as well i presume there has been news in slovenia that our mobile company will give refugees pre-paid sim cards . 
  also wi-fi . 
  they were n't poor before , smart phones are n't that expensive nowdays . 
  they could afford to pay the smuglers , i think they can afford one smart phone for 80 $ . 
   chugg a few beers before sleep i think we already have a big drinking problem here , no need for more . 
  but his children dream of sweet home . 
  / s i mean , i would live in croatia , on an island , even if it has 5 people on it . 
  i think his children should be quite happy with it . 
  i doubt that 's him . 
  face features are different . 
  i have gps and i got lost with gps in slovenia . 
  it 's called haloze . 
  it 's in eastern part of slovenia , next to border with croatia . 
  probably with grapes and food . 
  :p serious answer : i do n't know what the pay is for picking grapes . 
  and it might be illigal for them to work , even just as a help ( with a bit of pay ) . 
  i know , you are right . 
  my post was half a joke/sarcasm  well , if they get lost , they can help on picking down the grapes in the wineyars . 
  there are millions of small roads in slovenia . 
  if you do n't know excatley where you are going , you can get lost easily even between two villages on the countryside . 
  if they use our buses or traines they will get old before they reach the brder to austria . 
  it is also free in slovenia . 
  you only have to pay an administrative fee in the beggining of the year . 
  i agree with you about skilled workers like doctors , engineers , it , etc and their pay being better in other countries .
