too soon even for bismarck, 
  i think he meant the migrants cherry-picking the destination ? 
  but we do n't have another 700 years to wait . 
  cheap cigarettes , apparently, 
  the phonemic inventory of the language is , overall , a bit different as everything is more palatalized . 
  back in the 90s ( when i was growing up ) we had plenty of slovakian shows on tv but lately there are practically none and the incentive to watch slovakian tv exclusively is gone . 
  today there are many slovakian students in the czech universities but they usually immerse themselves and eventhough they still speak slovakian , their accents shift ( at lest in my experience ) . 
  as a czech youngster you will run into an enormous amount of the slovak language online ( as many games etc. 
  have cz/sk communities ) but the amount of people familiar with the spoken word goes down . 
  however , i think that if they get into contact with some slovaks they can still adjust in no time . 
  thanks , i 'm gon na correct the post , it 's capitalized in english and i did n't think about it when translating . 
  the czech republic consists of 3 historical regions . 
  bohemia , the western region . 
  moravia , the south-eastern part . 
  and lastly , the czech part of silesia . 
  silesia as a region spreads also to poland and germany . 
  so simply calling it bohemia invokes the czech word * \u010cechy * , which is the czech name , again , for only the western half of the country . 
  czechia is the agreed equivalent of the czech word * \u010cesko * . 
  the suffix * - sko * is a common suffix for country names . 
  for example , russia , your country , is simply called * rusko * , the root * rus * + * - sko * . 
  * \u010cesko * is often used as a name for the whole region , it was also used in the name of czechoslovakia , * \u010ceskoslovensko * . 
  many , myself included , accept czechia because it is simple and natives often use its equivalent , * \u010cesko * , in normal speech . 
  although , many , myself again included , find it weird-sounding and hesitate to use it themselves . 
  czechlands is sometimes also used , although , the term is incorrect and has no basis in the native language . 
  its equivalent , * zem\u011b \u010cesk\u00e9 * , is used when speaking of the historic regions , often meaning literally bohemia + moravia + silesia . 
  it is very close to the term * zem\u011b koruny \u010cesk\u00e9 * , the lands of the czech crown , which is mostly used in connection with the old kingdom of bohemia , former part of the hre . 
  some people , mainly natives with low english proficiency , use phrases like : `` here in czech , we ... '' . 
  this is outright wrong and should not be used . 
  phonetically it is ok but gramatically it is only a shortcut for people to get their message through . 
  some english-speaking people might accept it but it probably sounds weird . 
  the czech republic , the full name , probably sounds too complicated or exhausting to use over and over again , however , the equivalent * \u010cesk\u00e1 republika * is often used even in the native tongue . 
  it is something that is correct in 99 % of the situations you might bump into . 
  in written word , i 'd recommend using this term , possibly shortening it to the czech rep. , as it is the most fool-proof and will always sound right . 
  i ca n't say anything positive about them since they bombed the boston marathon . 
  i 'd not hold being religious against them though . 
  it 's just something that always comes to my mind when thinking of poles and it is something they really differ in compared to the czechs . 
  as to the first part . 
  the thing is , it goes waymore back than the communism era ( eventhough it is said that the government was much more brutal when repressing religion over here ) . 
  religious wars had always been a huge part of czech history . 
  that 's because it 's twisted by the media . 
  you only hear of negative things like poor quality imported food etc. 
  but overall , i 'd still rate the poles as one of the closest to us . 
  leaving religion out of the equation that is . 
  poor wording i guess ? 
  maybe  they prefer eastern europeans , especially poles , to other types of migrants . 
  is n't poland already harboring like hundreds of thousand ukrainians ? 
  what is negative about not taking any more ? 
  it sucks but you ca n't help all and opening the flood gates will probably lead to even more problems . 
  the next parliamentary elections are 2017, 
  it 's the machine 's fault . 
  forcing people to ask why we 're lazy . 
   was invaded 1968 never forget < 3 < 3 romania, 
  the unemployment in certain areas and professions is so low that companies are often unable to expand because they would end up understaffed and the investments would take too long to return . 
  are you seriously stating that the far right is the nazis and concetration camps while forgetting what the far left did to the eastern bloc ? 
  or do you think we just got fed up with all the social security and overthrown the regimes to hate on brown people ? 
  what ? 
  wikipedia tells me 1.5 mil turkish citizens in 2013 . 
  what are you on , dude ? 
  that 's what ? 
  1mil votes at best ? 
  i can see sanders not catering to the average american . 
  the europeans should know better though . 
  the number of people in europe who think clinton would be a good president is too damn high . 
  families and having children should be supported . 
  with that i agree so i would n't change that . 
  but the state should make it impossible for one to make a living making children . 
  even more so when there 's that low of a chance they will become productive members of society . 
  offer welfare for up to two kids . 
  no extra money for more kids unless born twins etc. 
  offer free sterilization . 
  that 's my politically incorrect solution . 
  a true masterpiece . 
  interesting information for many people might be the fact that smetana composed vltava ( and many other pieces ) when completely deaf . 
  more interestingly , the period short after he had lost hearing in his second ear is one of his most productive . 
  edit : my intention is not to overshadow the genius of smetana but foreigners might be more familiar with the work of another great czech composer , [ anton\u00edn dvo\u0159\u00e1k ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tglonixbg8u ) . 
  the new world symphony is the first symphony ( that we know of  ) to land on the moon , as neil armstrong took a recording of it on the apollo 11 mission . 
  i chose to post this under the previous czech entry . 
  nah , we 'll become ireland instead, 
  it 's only because their low military organization did n't allow them to move into pagan territories without suffering high attrition in 966 . 
  possibly . 
  depends on what else would settle in . 
  ketchup is the cheap variant , some vendors put custom sauce on it , usually tomato based as well though . 
  i thought you were always hungary ^ ^ sorry, 
  what i meant is that the street vendors will often use cheap yoghurt or put cheap ketchup on it instead of making some sauce etc. 
  wow , that looks really good !, 
  i 've never really liked oily food , i might try the baked version at home, 
  i knew it was brought here , i just did n't know where from . 
  how it it in hungary ? 
  here it 's mostly made from cheap ingredients right on the street . 
  is it made differently in hungary ? 
  also not actually a pizza and i 'm not sure whether it 's specific to czech republic . 
  [ lango\u0161 ] ( http://www.lifestylemagazin.cz/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/lango%c5%a1e.jpg ) fried dough , often garlic flavoured , with sauce and cheese , various other topings , like yoghurt , may be used as well it 's a typical cheap street food edit : hungarian origin, 
  oh , i know that the old macedonia was hellenic . 
  i just thought they were more disconnected from the city states . 
  it was just my wrong perception . 
  for some reason , the ancient hellas was south of athens and delphi + crete . 
  but hey , my knowledge of ancient greece is 90 % documentaries and video games , i 'm not surprised there are inaccuracies . 
  the question i was trying to raise was : `` would alexander consider macedonia hellas ? '', 
  was is something like `` the land of hellenic people '', 
  even when macedonia was around ?
