  it is he who guides us . 
  right , my bad . 
  nowadays , the 805 comes to my mind first when i hear bren . 
  we 're still equpping our current soldiers with brens . 
  i do n't see them sending them away  edit : also bren 805 has been criticized for high fault rates . 
  it 's been tested and the conclusion was that the rifle itself was not at fault and the problems can be prevented by giving additional training to the users . 
  the kurds would much better off with reliable vz . 
  k , we can fix it . 
  but only bit by bit , we 'll start with silesia after you transfer it . 
  by perun i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  by the blood of our ancestors we invoke our rightful claim to the whole of silesia !, 
  let your leaders know that this is a formal declaration of war . 
   it shocked me so hard that i said `` fuck this country '' packed my bags & left within a month . 
  you ca n't write off the whole country just because they were allowed to wander out of the ghetto freely . 
  we ca n't afford the guards . 
  also , our main anchorman on the most popular tv station is a negro . 
  that 's how far we 've come . 
  also gypsies vs the vietnamese is not a good comparison . 
  vietnamese youth is well integrated from my experience , much better than the gypsies who have lived here for multiple generations . 
  racists will rant about the vietnamese . 
  everybody will rant about gypsies . 
  no , better , tax it . 
  this is an individual protesting in a form of vandalism . 
  not a very good representation of how the nation feels towards hungary 's decisions over border control . 
  i wonder whether it is going to stop the so-called `` refugee '' waves ( we all know those damn slovaks are just economic migrants ) . 
  maybe we wo n't even need to build a fence to hold them out . 
  you wo n't see much in the west but anything to the right and above germany is really into ice hockey . 
  there 's also significant historical stigma when talking about europe-turkey cooperation . 
  your average joe here ( central europe ) does not consider turkey as a part of europe and wo n't want to have anything to do with you . 
  that 's mainly the reputation the ottoman empire has left you with . 
  apparently . 
  according to my brother who was watching the match they were booing and whistling . 
  i do n't know to what extent . 
  the article says 50.4 % respondents answered yes to life partnership . 
  a majority but still ...  the survey was conducted by the focus polling agency on 1,017 respondents in august , 2015 . 
  the question was : `` do you agree that couples who do n't want to or can not be married could have the possibility of having a life partnership approved by the state which would regulate the practical questions of their coexistence ( particularly their shared rights and responsibilities ) as several other european countries offer , '' with 50.4 percent of respondents saying yes . 
  a huge tragedy . 
  i ca n't make up my mind concerning turkey though . 
  every time i see the turks they seem like a very modernized society but then you look at the actions their government makes and you just want to nope out and let them be . 
  edit : i partly have to retract my statement . 
  not every time . 
  today , a football match was played between turkey and czech republic . 
  a minute of silence was held in response to the attack . 
  the turkish part of the audience booed it off . 
  they are agnostic of ( to ? ), 
  all the other gods . 
  i consider myself agnostic in a sense that there 's no difference between a god and a unicorn . 
  everything they do is considered wrong in our society and there 's no way either country is going to listen to what the other has to say . 
  i think there 's no help for saudi arabia . 
  if the whole country disappeared tomorrow i think the world would be a better place . 
  why do we even maintain diplomatic relations ? 
  the jamaican part ? 
  the fugees , of course . 
  you know what you do when somebody 's deeply disrespectful ? 
  you do n't care . 
  this will further depend on the country 's adoption laws but mostly yes . 
  cringey as fuck but i fail to see the panic they allegedly caused . 
  when one says `` i hate russians '' , it is to express the hate for what they stand for as a populace . 
  what about military islamist goverments ? 
  one memory comes to mind . 
  all those turks who have been vehemently defending here on / r/europe turkey as a secular state , dismissing every connection of islam and turkey . 
  let 's see how things unravel now . 
  the main secular body will be moved aside . 
   let me tell you that every political-party , even the erdogan haters stated that they are with erdogan with this one . 
  that was right thing to do . 
  the one who came by voting should go by voting . 
  they ca n't support the coup though , can they ? 
  that was the only option of what to say in my opinion . 
  you ca n't just brand your party as the one supporting an ongoing coup , one in which you can not have 100 % confidence that it will succeed . 
  you can not say that your party is supporting a bypass of the democratic process . 
  they stated they were against the coup but i think there were plenty who were hoping it would succeed . 
  edit : typo, 
  i have now seen reports of both pro-erdogan civilians ' and pro-coup soldiers ' deaths . 
  the escalation is certainly a possibility . 
  hopefully more people will make the move to leave the church and the tradition of christening will slowly move aside . 
  almost all the people are irreligious , yet the roman catholic church always boasts how many catholics there still are . 
  you do n't understand . 
  if you 're christened by the roman catholic church you become christian as a member of the church on the level of prvn\u00ed sv\u00e1tost . 
  i have friends from the whole republic and almost all of them were christened by the church . 
  and as majority of the people , they are not religious , the church does not want anything from them and never contacts them , however , they are , if the specific parish does its job to the point , officially catholic . 
  it means nothing to the people and they go on with their lives not believing/practising the religion and even if they know , they are too lazy or do not care to contact the parish to leave the church . 
  edit : every parish should have its own books to keep evidence of christened , married , and buried people . 
  being christened under the parish is satisfactory for the membership and if you do n't make the move to delete your name from the books the parish can call you a member of the church . 
  people get christened as children , become catholic christians , and live their lives for decades sometimes not even knowing that the church takes them for members, 
  even the people i know in olomouc or brno were christened by the church . 
  just made a quick scan through my friends who were online on fb . 
  8 catholics out of 11 , all of them 20-30 years , middle class, 
  the warest of them, 
  more than 90 % people i know are catholics because it is tradition to have children christened and people are too lazy to make the move to officially leave the church . 
  how many of those people tell in polls that they are indeed catholics is a different thing . 
  catholics are plentiful . 
  it 's the practising catholics who are rare . 
  if i could only eat one type of cheese from now on i would probably pick gouda . 
   i 've heard that some study stated that having women around changes the groups dynamics in a military setting https://www.reddit.com/r/adviceanimals/comments/4p551b/when_i_read_about_women_not_wanting_to_have_to/d4iagki?st=iqecq4ak&amp;sh=b7acc75f https://www.reddit.com/r/adviceanimals/comments/4p551b/when_i_read_about_women_not_wanting_to_have_to/d4iaz9p?st=iqecs1xs&amp;sh=90c155c1 any chance you 'd `` heard '' it here ? 
  retake it ? 
  it was `` us '' who made it fall . 
  alright , why does nobody in the austro-hungarian empire emigrate ? 
  oh , polia , always so strict on details, 
  ca n't cameron just resign immediately ? 
  if he does n't want to do it then elect the new pm now , not in october .
