someone said in the thread this was made a while ago , so perhaps it 's legit but has just changed ? 
  also , did you use a vpn ? 
  it 's possible baidu changes results depending on where you are in the world ( or even china ) , even though baidu is n't intended to be used outside of china . 
  also , here 's the source for anyone who has n't seen it : http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/08/20/this-map-shows-chinas-hilarious-and-racist-stereotypes-of-europe/, 
  baby come back, 
  so many questions ... 
  do people not realise askreddit is for asking general questions ? 
  looking forward to pmqs this wednesday . 
  no , sweden is the best . 
  wait did i just read finnish ? 
  fucking uk , why 're we always late with this kind of stuff ? 
  i mean it 's expensive , although capped , and the terms of pay back are so that it is n't as much of a burden as it could be . 
  i 'm not complaining , as a student . 
  it 's not to bad , considering how lenient the terms of payback are . 
  have to be earning over # 21k a year , and even then it 's like 3 % a year . 
  point is , being from a low class family is n't an excuse for not going to uni . 
  wow . 
  that 's a really well designed map . 
  well it is really cold . 
  looking for oil ? 
  have you seen the videos of the apartments ? 
  they look very middle class . 
  wow the average person is far more attractive than me . 
  that 's / r/reddit . com ? 
  i 'd imagine if i went to india and asked for directions in mandarin a few people would be able to help though . 
  ey , at least we were second . 
  oh wait , ours is n't elected . 
  reading the title was struggle enough . 
  i 'm sure you 're all using a vpn . 
  i 'd imaine it 'd be `` broke '' , seen as that implies you once had money but no longer do . 
  i 'd imagine there 's thousands of swedes intently googling positively in order to collectively look good on these maps . 
  i mean , compared to the rest of the world , you proabably are though . 
  i always enjoy these ambiguously sourced banter maps . 
  nordic counties are winning . 
  indeed , but they by far do n't have the highest revenue . 
  i think what the name means is that no matter what you ask they wo n't consider it stupid . 
  * cough * * cough * what ? 
  surely you do n't . 
  it 's a tank . 
  interesting read , thanks . 
  and i agree with your point about the value of information from people who 're part of the circumstance - who 're in the country that you want to know something about , which is why i asked someone who was from russia ( or at least i assume they are according to their tag ) . 
  that 's interesting , especially how people in moscow seem to be quite untrusting of television . 
  i think you 've missunderstood me i was saying the action itself was ( undeniably ) autocratic in nature , rather than trying to trying to say both institutions were fundamentally autocratic - which is n't something i think . 
  silencing neighsayers is the cornerstone of autocracy . 
  just because countries in the west are ultimately democratic does n't mean individual actions ca n't be autocratic , especially within a representative democracy . 
  edit : i ca n't remember/find out who said it ( i think it may have been john locke ) but i remember a quote that went something along the lines of `` an individual does not have the right to silence everyone else , just as every other person does not have to silence that individual '' , it sort of exemplifies my point . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  i 'm surprised i was down voted a lot because i thought my comment was innocuous . 
  although i can understand how the subject can be controversial , especially considering the circumstance . 
  i do n't think oliver cromwell was very popular . 
  i heard that putin has a really high approval rating in russia . 
  is that true or have i missunderstood ? 
  yeah but it 's the lesser of two autocratic evils . 
  leaving the eu will be something each consecutive political party will be blaming the last for not * finally * rolling out for possibly decades . 
  triggered, 
  that 15 year gap between 2001 and 2016 is encouraging . 
  the us is of course in an age of unrivaled peace at the moment . 
  the pursuit of quick uploads is worth some sacrifices . 
  i use one of those programs like gyazo that lets you select an area to screen cap when you press a button ; i have it set to always upload as a . gif as it 's a smaller file size than . png so allows me to upload quicker . 
  . jpg is quite small as well but it looks really awful for digital images like screen caps . 
  it 's called sharex in case you 're interested , it 's very customisable . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c1btsh8.gif ) , with this picture the side of the image is exactly 244 pixels from the nearest tip of a wing . 
  ah i see , that makes a lot of sense , thanks . 
  i know , i just wanted to get the stupidity of the quote solidified . 
  becoming qualified as a nurse here is quite tiresome and very expensive . 
  if you did n't know better , it would almost seem like the government did n't want young people to train and enter the medical industry . 
  sure , they should begin funding this but with a now declining economy and the `` extra 350 million into the nhs a week from leaving the eu '' being a lie all along , i do n't think this is likely so the problem will now be amplified at both ends . 
  so you 're right , government cuts discouraging people to become nurses and doctors here is a problem , although now it 's one that we especially are n't in a position to remedy . 
  actually , it was `` i think we 've had enough of experts '' . 
  fucking experts , with their education and reasoning . 
  that certainly is a problem , and i 'm sure it can ultimately be blamed on brussels some way or another . 
  is n't english apparently really difficult though ? 
  not that i have any idea , ignorant me only knows one language . 
  i 'm thinking france when they had de gaulle in power , or when the us elects trump . 
  neither of these things will ... `` trump '' ... what we just did though . 
  oh no i hope this means yes, 
  please let us in :( . 
  like the other person said it 's mainly between immigration and the economy . 
  most people agree that either option will favourably effect one and negatively impact the other , it would seem . 
  right now we receive about 50 % of our 350k / year net migration from the eu , so leaving would perhaps help reduce ( most people are in favour of less migration ) . 
  however , the economic effects would be quite devestating as we would end up having tarrifs and taxes when trading with the eu , who 're the world 's largest economy and are very close in proximity to us . 
  many people have referenced other countries like canada , australia and norway as to how our trade could be established , however deals such as canada 's took seven years to establish . 
  experts have said that our gdp could drop by as much as 25 % , essentially sending us into a recession . 
  right now , our government , the party in opposition , the third , fourth , fifth , sixth and eighth largest parties are all opposed to us leaving , however the one in power ( the conservatives ) are somewhat split with about 20 % of their parliamentary members being pro-leave . 
  i know this sounds like a biased argument , but that is n't my intention . 
  who mentioned nordic ? 
  we 're talking about * nordica * here . 
  also that the staff who ate moderating the * entire internet * will never make a mistake or fuck everything up . 
  also , i 'm sure this wo n't be a ridiculous waste of tax money ... 
  i would n't exactly call myself a libertarian , but come on ... 
  they are n't targeting discussion , just blind hate . 
  the problem is it 's a power creep towards authoritarianism , and it will end up fucking over people who genuinely do n't deserve it . 
  but now we have the government to think for us !, 
  now i know why the hydraulic press channel 's intro is metal , haha . 
  because they 're tall on average ? 
  ah , in this case we should deport 4chan users . 
  you 're way over analysing me . 
  no , i mean we take these things as being nice when international politics are no different , just about 10 people on reddit seem to like hearts . 
  but do n't argue with me , it 's his polarising statement . 
  he 's not wrong though,
