their source are immigrants from mexico . 
  and i think the middle east definitely does not have a culture comparable with mexico . 
  goooooood . 
  we should deport the ones dropping the trash and welcome the other ones !, 
  wel this is interesting i would love to see the number for 2015 if we are actualy rejecting people it not that bad . 
  ok , tel me how we should get rid of them when they do n't go back ? 
  explain ? 
  why we shoud n't if they do n't go back ? 
  they are unwanted here . 
  they came here knowing we do n't want them . 
  why ca n't we ? 
  it 's not like there will be negitives if we send them back or shoot them . 
  exept mayby a few buthurt hippies . 
  but be do have the internet now . 
  and that is the biggest thing we as humanity have achieved since argraculture . 
  but this we are getting like 1000000 a year so zoon that % wil be much higher, 
  i am not saying we are good i am saying that whats done is done . 
  that is true . 
  but there is a difference . 
  this is happening now and can still be stopped . 
  for the native americans it 's a bit late . 
  well because most of the immigrants are muslim . 
  and we here in yurup do n't feel like having shiara law . 
  because that means we ca n't get drunk . 
  that might be true but do these countries enforce those rules ? 
  jhea and i do n't like it, 
  jesus if they do n't want to fit in to european culture i realy do n't want them here . 
  edgy, 
  that was genius . 
  wel that could be but oslo is the only place in norway i have been too . 
  i love oslo and krakau . 
  well it 's russia . 
  what did you expect \u00bf, 
  i realy hoped for a whats the eu style video here . 
  hahaha russia sure likes ukraine, 
  this can also be said about the netherlands . 
  that looks pretty awesome . 
  i would love to rode that train . 
  but i can also take ryan air or easy jet ( for example ) and pay even less . 
  yea i know but why now . 
  did n't we know it in like the 1960 ? 
  why was n't he punished then . 
  and only just now . 
  i do n't get how we are still doing this . 
  i mean it is more than 70 years since the end of ww2 . 
  turkish clay ? 
  what ? 
  holy shit why has n't the azc replied to here tips . 
  those tips are golden . 
  that would solve al the problems i have with refugees . 
  why should attacks in the netherlands bother me more than a couple of car acident ? 
  there are 17 million people in the netherlands !, 
  the odds that i or somebody i know are effected are very small . 
  i mean i think it 's stupid ( these terror attacks ) but i do n't see why i should be worried over ( or bothered by ) them . 
  edit : if you are bothered because of these terror attacks the terrorist are winning . 
  their goal is to make you afraid ( to terrorise you ) . 
  also i really recommand thinking pragmaticly . 
  one horse size kiwi . 
  it does n't move and i can eat it . 
  mnnnnnnnnnnn . 
  this realy suprises me . 
  i always thought it would be way higher for france and germany . 
  who have died to prevent a united states of europe ? 
  and when ? 
  yeah that is true i already think that me paying for someone in a poorer country is not great . 
  but i would love europe becoming a global power again . 
  it 's mostly because i think that a united europe would sink more money in r&d then the individual country 's do now . 
  jup i also think so . 
  but i mean united states of europe as in the structure not name . 
  but why ? 
  just think of the positives !, 
  one eu army that is cheaper and more effective than the individual army 's . 
  much more negotiation power . 
  and maybe we could even ditch all langueses exept english ( because nearly everyone already speaks it as his/her second langues ) . 
  i absolute do n't get why people do n't want a eu superstate . 
  just imagin a united states of europe !, 
  no the uk . 
  they are going to have another vote if they should stay in the uk . 
  because the main reseon they voted stay was because it would be a hassle to ( re ) join the eu, 
  any blocking is to much blocking !, 
  good !, 
  their religion is harmfull . 
  repost from other thread a fun story about the left picture . 
  when scientist started to use the arm 's instruments to measure the compressibility of the ground they got weird results . 
  this was because as you can see in the picture the camara cap got stuck under the detector so they were measuring it 's compressibility . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/venera_14#landing ) edit : [ here is the picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qfa8xl3.png ), 
  sick burn bro, 
  this is an old article . 
  [ aim has been canceled ] ( http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2016/12/europe-moves-ahead-mars-mission-kills-asteroid-lander ) . 
  [ relevant tom scott video ] ( https://youtu.be/f4kzlcvmqwg ), 
  why did this need to be a gif ? 
  the last frame of the gif contains all the information that is in the gif . 
  yeah ~ ~ those fin ... ~ ~ we wo n't like that . 
  why did this need to be a gif ? 
  the last frame of the gif contains all the information that is in the gif . 
  for anyone wondering why they are moving from side to side they do that because the ` song ' tells them to go to the right ( and to the left ) . 
  why in us dollars and not euros ? 
  look at [ this video ] ( https://youtu.be/rb3g6mxlekk ) . 
  [ seems about right ] ( https://i.imgur.com/szsjh5ur.png ) . 
  if they choose soft brexit they wil most likely stay in the eec which means they stil have to pay the eu and have to follow their rules but do n't get to make those rules ( ? and enter schengen ? ) .
