  western europe ( incl nordics ) make up over half of estonia 's foreign trade partners . 
  it 'd be pointless to start cherrypicking , we need them all anyway . 
  if it 's only about free movement of labour , i assume you 'd think it 'd be better to remove it from the `` four freedoms '' of the single market ? 
  that 's a very big change in the system , but even more , while retaining schengen ? 
  that does n't change the point . 
  i do n't have the exact numbers of estonian workers in finland , but the abnormally high number of passengers should reflect that . 
  i think there are about 50 ' 000 estonian workers in finland . 
  what is more , estonian universities seem to have become rather popular among finns , recently . 
  the point is that if we need freedom of movement with any country , the first candidate is always finland . 
  plus , as i said , close business ties to both finland and sweden . 
  that 's absurd . 
  for example , for estonians , free movement with finland is far more important than with any other member . 
  we have almost 9 million passengers travelling between the countries each year . 
  finland and sweden are our most important trade and investment partners as well . 
  we should look for faster convergence instead . 
  so they want to create some special core even within the euro area ? 
  i mean , these are countries that use a common currency , they * all * need more integration . 
  was n't this one of the biggest concerns of the single currency brought out by a lot of experts ? 
  i would like to second that . 
  estonians are an example of a nation where religion is * not * such a strong part of the identity . 
  the dominant protestantism was often considered a thing of germans instead , while many estonians also converted to orthodox . 
  it would be very weird is someone would not consider the converts as estonians . 
  this is why religion has not had any major comeback since soviet era , and most do not associate with christianity anymore . 
  on the other hand , language is a very strong factor for identity here . 
  if one 's native language is estonian , they 're immediately considered to be estonians . 
  on the other hand , it 's more difficult for us to grasp the situation in ukraine , where your main language may be russian , but you consider yourself ukrainian instead . 
  well , i think a more informative poll would be what part of the population believes in natural evolution , rather than some divine creationism . 
  russia does n't perform too bad [ there ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/11/2017/05/08142410/pf.05.10.2017_ce.europe-06-02.png ) . 
  i do n't think finns traveling to latvia through estonia is much of a loss for us , though . 
  not only does it raise demand for estonian transport enterprises , it increases the chance of making stops elsewhere in estonia besides tallinn . 
  the way bigger concern is estonian own alcotourists in latvia . 
  but even there , the alcohol stores at the border are owned by estonians . 
  it 's really the taxes that latvia wins . 
  it wo n't be able to compete with tallinn-helsinki , though , as the trip lasts 18 hours compared to the latter 's 2 hours . 
  one needs to buy accommodation for 2 nights , so the ticket will be a lot more expensive and the trip is so much longer . 
  tallinn-helsinki line is , in addition to tourists , also fed by a large amount of estonian * gastarbeiter * s. however , it may be a nice summer cruise in general , as riga is a beautiful city anyway . 
  might be a nice change after all those years of stockholm and tallinn for finns . 
  of course the `` bad ones '' are a minority , otherwise we would have hundreds of terrorist attacks every day . 
  however , it 's not a secret that the share of the `` bad ones '' among mena immigrants is a lot higher than among other groups . 
  we 've had many refugee waves in the past , but i have n't heard of such terrorist flow before . 
  therefore , we have to admit that accepting these people comes at a cost of europeans ' lives . 
  i guess for some ( e.g. 
  germany ) , those few dozen dead or so is not enough to turn away so many people . 
  for others ( e.g. 
  poland ) , it is . 
  so you mean one can only fly around poland and baltics or face taking wooden horse carriage instead ? 
  and in the case of rogozin , he did n't make it anyway , why even take the trip ? 
  yep , putin also avoided baltics . 
  kinda absurd how russian taxpayers ' money is burned on rather childish maneuvers , both with putin and now with rogozin . 
  well , finland was autonomous in czarist era , was n't it ? 
   then the new puppet government will reannex us to novorossija . 
  wow , you 're bad at this russkiy mir . 
  you 're finlyandiya province , maybe even with some autonomy . 
  or maybe just annexed to republic of karelia . 
  you know , where there are nearly no karelians left , but whatever . 
  because of him olavinlinna is closed . 
  and it 's the only sunny day in eastern finland this week . 
  this guy manages to fuck up even your personal plans !, 
  estonia 's rating is dragged drown by ` group grievance ' the most . 
  although i do n't understand why it has been on long term decline according to them . 
  sure , integration between estonians and russians has not been much of a success , but at the very least it has not become worse . 
  meanwhile , they show economic inequality as steadily dropping , while statistics give somewhat different picture . 
  i honestly think they just do n't give a fuck . 
  they see an estonian name and want to emphasize how multi-cultural and totally-not-only-russian soviet union was . 
  i mean , an ethnic estonian with soviet awards . 
  that way it could also legitimize soviet rule in estonia . 
  the fact that the man was actually a cruel mass murderer , who has been convicted in estonia might come as a bad surprise for their pr-network , but it 's not like they would care too much either . 
   the situation in lithuania and estonia is hardly comparable , because there is n't mistrust between lithuanians and russians in lithuania . 
  oh , please . 
  i can even take a loot at russian portals in lithuania , which have the exact same pro-kremlin bias as those here . 
   it 's hard to feel loyalty to a country that does n't see you as it 's citizen and it would like you to leave because you are primarily perceived as a consequence or a reminder of a historical injustice . 
  that 's only how you think we see them . 
  the reality is that we just require estonian language from our citizens . 
  blaming the bad relations on the citizenship issue is misleading . 
  while it 's definitely not helping , it 's not like russians in lithuania would be much more loyal . 
  why else have you had to block russian propaganda from them ? 
  they are just less visible as their share is so much smaller in your country . 
  or look at russians in ukraine . 
  citizenship does not grant loyalty , and the non-citizens issue is * not * the root of the problems . 
  russia is the world 's largest country that has recently forcefully expanded even further . 
  they have more natural resources than any other place on earth , most of which is on territories of native minorities who are slowly , but surely fading and being russified . 
  even then , they believe they are the victims , they are being attacked . 
  there 's a line from which we just do n't have to care about russians ' perspective , as it is based on purely chauvinism and aggression . 
  you ca n't reason with a country that completely lacks self-criticism . 
  these are different cases , though . 
  hungarian minorities are in romania , because they kinda stayed there after austria-hungary collapsed . 
  meanwhile , there are relatively few russians here whose ancestors would have come here during russian empire . 
  vast majority are immigrants of soviet union instead . 
  furthermore , there 's also the effect of hungarians not being * that * big minority and romanians not being so tiny nation , so giving more minority rights to hungarians is not nearly as controversial in my eyes . 
  maybe if uk had centuries of being dominated by a muslim country , with a significant part of brits converting to islam etc. 
  why is orthodox christianity still something invasive and foreign ? 
  it 's kinda part of our history now . 
  the church is under heritage protection nowadays , there 's no danger of it being demolished anymore . 
  that was talk of 1920s and 1930s . 
  the communist memorials can stand as well , it 's just important they would be place to commemorate the fallen , not to glorify the regime . 
   i do n't see why it could become a problem to make estonian mandatory in all schools , but allow the russian schools to maintain russian language as the mainly taught language . 
  that 's absolutely how it works already , estonian is definitely in their curriculum . 
  however , if they live in russian-speaking area , it 's not enough . 
  estonian is very different language from russian , it needs a bit more than just one subject at school . 
   well , i know that this may sound harsh , and probably against eu rules but you guys should be allowed to block access to russian media and russian websites who promote hostile anti-estonian/western propaganda .
