  note that at that time , russia became an ally to us , as opposed to soviet union itself . 
  yeltsin-lead russia recognized our independence . 
  but quite immediately after ussr collapsed , relations turned sour . 
  estonia did n't give automatic citizenship to people that had migrated to estonia during the occupation era ( mostly russians ) , which angered russia . 
  ( it may sound unfair , but most of the immigrants did n't speak a word of estonian , and how can you imagine citizens that do n't even speak the official language ) . 
  they could obtain it by learning estonian . 
  note that this is even today a big point of problems between the countries . 
  the other thing was that estonia immediately demanded that russian troops left the country . 
  then , the countries diverged pretty much . 
  estonia looked to western integration , including eu and nato , russia had putin , which first seemed like an ok-guy , but then started to become more autocratic , move away from the west , glorify ussr again , many murders of russian journalists , plunge in democracy etc. 
  then we had the 2007 bronze soldier drama ( estonia relocated a soviet monument , russia angered ) , cyber war against estonia , russia-georgia conflict in 2008 , and now ukraine in 2014 . 
  it 's not really comfortable to watch russia invading its neighbours one by one . 
  as a reaction , we looked for us/nato military presence here , as you might imagine , russia is not thrilled , but we really do n't care about their opinion anymore . 
  what is more , we have conflicts over the russian minority here ( russia insists we discriminate them , despite the fact that more russians move here each year than go to russia ) , and uses their monolingualism ( who only speak russian ) and basically abuses press freedom in estonia . 
  because russia itself ranks extremely low in press freedom , they do n't really have any standards , and can show almost any cr * p on television , but we ca n't really block it , as it would be against media freedom . 
  so we have that aswell . 
  all this is felt in the economy too - considering the size of russia , it should be a huge market for estonia , but it is not . 
  sweden and finland are , by far , the largest trading partners and investors here , trade relations with russia have plunged sharply this year due to sanctions war . 
  i guess it 's somewhat positive to not be reliant on such a hostile country . 
  maybe you 'd properly read a comment before jumping to conclusions and whine about blocking free speech . 
  i only said ` refuse official ( that is state/publicly owned institutions ) comments to russian state-owned media ( that is only those that are owned by the state , not private media ) ' . 
  that 's nowhere near ` banning media ' . 
  it 's easy to be some kind of an angel of democracy in norway , when you do n't have massive propaganda machine next door constantly brainwashing part of your country . 
  and let me remind you , that estonia is over 100x smaller than russia , we do n't really have the power to compete with that . 
  kaliningrad is a recognized part of russia and it also has sea access to st. petersburg . 
  transnistria is not recognized by any country and is completely landlocked . 
  as a matter of fact , it is mostly recognized to be part of moldova and moldova has expressed their will that russia would withdraw their troops . 
  but what would happen to that piece of land then ? 
  it 'd be surrounded by moldova and ukraine , both which would be western-leaning and most probably hostile towards russia . 
  would it even survive ? 
  and if , then how ? 
  it 's definitely historically estonian , it used to be one of the main cities of historical virumaa , the north-eastern estonia , which is nowadays separated into two counties . 
  [ this ] ( https://d3otexg1kysjv4.cloudfront.net/images/17181/linnavaated-narva-kadak-p7034370.jpeg ) is the result of centuries-old rivalry between russia and estonia ( under different powers ) , on the left is narva , estonia and on the right , ivangorod , russia . 
  narva river was most of the time the eastern border of estonia , except for 1920-1940 period when estonia conquered bits of russian territories in its war of indpendence ( russia reannexed those in 1945 ) . 
  note that this is interestingly enough also the historical border between latin alphabet and cyrillic alphabet , or lutheran christianity and orthodox christianity , today border of eu and nato , some would say even border of western world today . 
  as you can imagine , as it was a border town , it also had lots of russians ( but they were never a majority , though ) . 
  narva had a tragic world war ii - 98 % of the town was destroyed in bombings , and despite various plans to restore the town , soviets demolished the ruins in 1960s and instead , rebuilt a soviet-style town . 
  but former narva citizens were not given the apartments , instead , immigrants from russia were brought , and the whole town became basically a foreign entity in estonia , the town was no more , nor were the people of it . 
  you can only imagine the vast problems of integrating the town to estonia after collapse of ussr . 
  there 's even problems keeping open the only estonian school in the town . 
  narva used to be mainly estonian-speaking ( with significant russian minority ) until the ~ ~ ethnic cleansing ~ ~ `` liberation '' by soviet union . 
  also , i would n't be so hostile towards the city , but hell , they fight so hard to justify the communist murderes it really makes you think where their values lie . 
  basically all those people that support soviet union are immigrants from other parts of ussr that had many privileges over estonians . 
  these people rarely suffered from the crimes and now lack respect towards the native people of the country . 
  many , if not most of them consider even learning estonian language as unfair , because it 's a ` pointless , small ' language . 
  i 'd say that 's basically a behaviour of colonists . 
  you 're right in the aspect that one part of our society does n't see the things like the majority , and that creates a lot of tensions . 
  however , i am strongly convinced that estonians are on the right spot here , however ignorant or egoistic it might sound . 
  there is a huge issue with russians ' identity here . 
  russians were never as large part of the country before soviet era , most russians lived by lake peipsi , they had escaped from russia due to religious persecution . 
  with centuries , they had quite clearly formed a separate identity , but they were a small minority . 
  what happened in soviet era , was massive immigration , some might even say colonization , of russians to very concentrated areas in tallinn and cities of ida-virumaa . 
  that clearly reflects even today as russians make up almost 40 % of the urban population , but less than 10 % of the rural population . 
  that 's a clear indication that they 're not native . 
  because their migration has been very artificial , and the soviet-era privilege of communicating purely in russian , they have not been managed to create a proper estonian identity . 
  a lot of them follow only russian media , refuse to learn estonian . 
  these kind of people , in my opinion , are not part of estonia , because there 's nothing that would make them part of estonia . 
  they do n't follow local media , they are not even capable of communicating with other people of the country . 
  they are practically russians that are residing in estonia . 
  to get estonian citizenship , you must speak estonian and therefore , such people are not estonian citizens . 
  there are about 100 ' 000 russian citizens in estonia and about 80 ' 000 non-citizens ( formerly soviet citizens ) . 
  in my opinion , these people should either aim for estonian citizenship and get it ( if they feel connected to the country and want to be part of it ) or leave the country for good ( if they feel connected to putin 's russia and soviet union ) . 
  the latter part can never be part of estonia because they represent interest of foreign countries . 
   quick question actually , did you guys have a load of streets and places that you had to rename after gaining independence ? 
  yes , almost all major streets and even a town had some communist names . 
  the renaming started swiftly already during late 1980s , the time of perestroika in ussr . 
  most got back their historical estonian ones , but many streets did n't exist before , so new names were just created . 
  however , in narva , over 90 % russian-speaking town , still today there are many communist names , 2 are even after mass murderers . 
  there 's been a lot of quarrel between estonians of narva and the city government ( almost all russians , quite pro-russia ) to change it , but they wo n't . 
   you are presenting a very biased picture of the events . 
  on one side `` the people of the country '' and on the other `` some local russians and a few criminal estonians '' yes , that 's exactly what i meant . 
  those people who go to steal and destroy are criminals . 
   if you treat them instead as two groups of estonian citizens that want different thing perhaps the picture would n't look so black and white . 
  and , perhaps , one of the groups would n't feel so dispossessed that they felt it necessary to resort to protests . 
  okay , let 's leave the rioting aside ( which was not justified at all ) and move just to the support/opposition of the monument . 
  i do n't think you get it . 
  soviet union was an occupation regime for estonia and there will never be acceptance of praising it . 
  it 's almost the same as israel `` understanding the nazis '' better . 
  if you mean estonians and russians , then of course , there ca n't be division on ethnic base , but often values and nationalities are strongly related . 
  so therefore , all citizens of estonia are equal despite their nationality , but there 's definitely not going to be some `` understanding '' of occupation regime . 
  it was what it was and it is treated as such . 
  it 's extremely hostile and dishounarable to praise and support it in this country . 
  ireland releases their gdp data so late that everyone will have forgotten about czech republic by then anyway , so do n't worry . 
  do n't think that a lot of people would n't actually support that , considering that soviet union blew up every single monument for estonian war of independence before . 
  still , i 'd like to think us as more civilized than those idiots praising that totalitarian regime . 
  no , it was a symbol of oppression for the people of the country that was also abused by putinists and after long pressure , the government decided to relocate it and with russian media ` spicing ' up the story , some local russians ( and a few criminal estonians ) went mad and started looting estonia 's capital . 
  windows broken , luxury stuff stealen , tobacco , alcohol , destroyed cars . 
  there was nothing democratic about that , it was just criminal . 
  if you call that democratic , i 'd like to see a nazi monument in central moscow being put up because `` some people '' would support it . 
   forbes nope , that 's a common mistake , the original article came from a forbes * sites * page , which is basically a blog-like environment that * looks * more credible due to having ` forbes ' in its url . 
  it was relocated , that was the intention . 
  it was a monument to fallen red army soldiers and it was standing in central tallinn . 
  it was turning into a gathering of pro-soviet/pro-russian chauvinists and was extremely disturbing to estonians . 
  it 's a symbol of occupation for most of the people in the country and it was relocated to a cemetery , a much more appropriate place aswell . 
  it 's not banning , it 's just not giving any official comments to state-owned channels . 
  those channels have been broadcasted in baltics for 20 years now and we 've got enough experience from these that it 's difficult to even categorize them under ` media ' . 
  there might be some fine entertainment there for russians , for sure , but they do n't hesitate even fabricating complete lies to the news reports . 
  i mean , they managed to cause a riot in estonia because of a `` destroyed '' monument that was actually left untouched . 
  it 's just that batshit crazy stuff . 
  if you look at the [ map ] ( http://pluss.postimees.ee/3304649/interaktiivne-ulevaade-selline-hakkab-lopuks-valja-nagema-eesti-vene-piir ) , most of estonian-russian border goes right through the river and the huge lake , quite a good natural border and easy to guard .
