  why would we randomly want problems with lithuania ? 
  of course we do n't . 
   what i am saying , that lithuania wants to build the network ( free european money for builders , railworkers , etc ) , but it 's not the life-or-death question for us , and it 's significantly more important to you guys . 
  does n't seem like that here . 
  it seems more like some lithuanian railway oligarchs are afraid to lose competitiveness and want rb to fail . 
  that way , lithuania is the only one who gets railway connection to central europe . 
   just in your previous post you suggested that we stalled or something , and you ( estonia ) punished us and now we are losers who have to import our energy . 
  now you are saying that we canceled it out of blue . 
  once again , if your media portrays lithuania as evil cousin so be it , but the fact is that our politicians did say that firstly they need approval by the popular vote to go through with it . 
  what ? 
  estonia punished you ? 
  what the hell ? 
  my point was that if you fail on such massive cooperation projects , it has negative effect on everybody , but mostly on lithuania . 
   as i said , there are quite a few sides to the story . 
  main thing is lithuania/latvian rail companies are competing since independence ( and even before ) , on who 's gets to transport belarusian and russian stuff from the klaip\u0117da / riga ports etc. 
  both companies are punishing each other with massive fees for using the infrastructure etc. 
  as a railfan i am very displeased with the situation , however i doubt that it has anything to do with your chauvinistic accusations about not being able to trust lithuanians or something in that light . 
  but is there any reason i should believe otherwise ? 
  you are already accusing me of having illusions of some made up project , which is actually a real deal . 
  nope , that 's not the idea . 
  serbia 's export does n't necessarily have to be bigger than import , but having a big trade and fiscal deficit at the same time is not very healthy . 
  the economy constantly needs loans to keep going , but serbia is not even growing at the moment . 
  mercantilism would be cutting wages to reduce labour costs . 
  this is not about concentrating on export , but to reduce the rather big trade deficit to normal levels and cut public expenses . 
  the situation in the baltics is far worse - there 's no connection between latvia and lithuania , nor between lithuania and poland , afaik . 
  edit : well , yeah , rails are still there , but there 's no passenger service . 
  oh , and baltics ( and finland ) are russian gauge , which causes complications between lithuania and poland . 
  maybe [ this ] ( http://www.ut.ee/sites/default/files/tartu_1.jpg ) ? 
   lithuania do not have burning desire to be connected by high-speed european gauge rail network with latvia and estonia . 
  what actually matters is to be connected to western europe . 
  so yeah , while i agree that every country should work on this together , to say that all countries should be connected with each other first and only then to build a connection to poland is ridiculous . 
  lithuania , at least on official level , has agreed to build rail baltic high-speed connection . 
  your opinion does n't change this . 
   so now you accept the existence of rail baltic i ? 
  cause just few post ago you said there was no such thing . 
  that 's why i call you living in a dreamland . 
  your posts sound more like 14yo 's wishful thinking than actual understanding of the subject . 
  where do you get your information may i ask ? 
  cause sure as hell it does n't sound like you have anything in common with rail transport . 
  i 've never denied the existence of `` rail baltic i '' , i just never agreed ( and still do n't ) with the name . 
  and if you need to know , i get my information from media . 
  of course , you can say that official media channels lie and only you know the best , but that 's already your decision . 
   yes , there was talks about cutting kaunas out . 
  because what was agreed 10 or so years ago by the governments was to include all the capitals into the railbaltic network . 
  last year estonians starts demanding cutting vilnius out completely cause the time and the price is the factor , deadlines are near ( to get the eu money ) , and so on . 
  however , thankfully we agreed to build kaunas-vilnius branch in the distant future and not to delay the actual project anymore . 
  huh ? 
  rail baltic 's route was decided on national levels - that means lithuania decided it to go through kaunas . 
  only later , they started to doubt about it . 
  estonians did n't like that already made decisions were suddenly put under doubt . 
   again , what exactly do you mean by that ? 
  are you suggesting someone will build another route from kaunas to poland with 240km/h and double tracks ? 
  you are really delusional then . 
  do n't even know what to answer exactly , just another example of 14yo 's wishful thinking . 
  well , that 's the problem . 
  rail baltic should be 240km/h double track railway , but if lithuania is building something else already , i do n't see them actually wanting to build the high speed network too . 
  officially , lithuania is still going on with the project . 
  oh , and stop with the 14yo bs , i 'm talking from an estonian perspective . 
   official eu documents . 
  just use google ffs . 
  you are denying what is absolutely black on white all over the internet . 
  do n't act like some russian propaganda troll . 
  what ? 
  how has russian propaganda anything to do with it ? 
   how dafaq did you get to that ? 
  lithuanian superiority and complex in the same sentence ? 
  you are truly hallucinating dude . 
  sorry if you got offended , but really , the fact that you have border with poland , and estonia/latvia do n't , does n't give you the excuse to block your neighbours ' projects . 
   what exactly about it ? 
  it was denied by referendum by popular vote by lithuanian citizens . 
  what exactly has it to do with anything ? 
  man you are seriously fucked up in the head . 
  get your facts straight . 
  i 'm saying that cooperation and lithuania just do n't seem to work out . 
  you understand that estonia and latvia had also their interest in the project as we funded a large part of it ? 
  just cancelling it out of the blue is n't something a good partner does . 
   as i said , we do n't really care about the connecting ourselves to the latvia and estonia by rail . 
  cause we already have that connection using russian gauge and no one is using that , because there are a lot of disagreement between lithuanian rail company and latvian rail company . 
  i could go in deeply into that but clearly there 's no point to do that while you are still using some delfi-like rhetoric . 
  you know , whatever problems you have with delfi , is not my concern . 
  oh , and here should i understand that yet again , lithuania is unable to cooperate with latvia ? 
  such random picture of tartu , i 'd prefer [ this ] ( http://histrodamus.ee/upload/files/00001tartu.jpg ), 
  it seems the right step indeed . 
  serbia 's trade deficit has reduced well recently , but imports are still way higher than exports . 
  cutting pensions is one of the least hurtful things to save government money and reduce consumption of imported goods . 
   the purpose of railbaltic is not to connect baltic countries with each other , rather to connect baltic region to the western europe . 
  sorry , but how are you going to connect baltic region to * central europe without connecting them first ? 
  you know , lithuania alone does n't make up baltic region . 
   that 's why railbaltic i is being built in poland and lithuania . 
  poland is upgrading current rail network , because infrastructure nowadays allows only 80km/h speed or something in that range . 
  lithuania is building 160km/h gauge upto kaunas . 
  this is happening , yes , but this will not reach latvia nor estonia . 
   railbaltic ii is part of railbaltic project , however it is kinda separate , cause it needs cooperation of our 3 governments ( till this point estonia and latvia has not spent a single euro for railbaltic i project ) , that 's why there are talks of creating international corporation , etc. 
  whatever you call them , rail baltic i and ii are absolutely separate projects . 
  i am talking about the 240 km/h double track one . 
  the 160 km/h will not reach latvia/estonia . 
   if by estonia you mean `` dreamland i live in '' then yeah . 
  in the real world no one will build that kind of network cause it 's just a waste of money , and if seriously some estonian government officials are pushing for it , it 's obvious why more practical lithuanians are not agreeing on that . 
  dreamland ?!? 
  lithuania has already accepted it and is part of the project !,
