  i 'm imagining it ca n't be too different in lithuania . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.swfinstitute.org/swfs/norway-government-pension-fund-global/ ) gives its value about $ 0.9 trillion . 
  seriously , you ca n't even call the episode norway is `` suffering '' a crisis - the unemployment makes a slight upturn , still being the lowest in europe , gdp continues to grow and norway stays one of the richest countries in the world . 
  oh , they also happen to own nearly 2 % of european stocks and the size of their oil fund nears a trillion euros . 
  that 's for 5 million people . 
  somehow i think they 'll be fine . 
  why is it good that sd gains so much popularity ? 
  their views do not exactly benefit us in any way , they 're bordering extremism and are populist ( i 've read their views ) , blaming a lot of swedish problems on eu , for example . 
  it 's just sad that * all * the other parties in sweden have no reactions whatsoever to the immigration problem and continue to call every bit of a move that does n't support ever expanding immigration racist . 
  i 'm afraid this only increases the possibility of shockwaves in the society . 
  have [ fun ] ( http://rus.postimees.ee/2768544/serijnyj-ubijca-ustimenko-predstanet-pered-sudom-za-sovershennye-v-tjurme-prestuplenija ) . 
  well , to be honest , there 's a reason why belgium , for example , is a hot destiantion for migrants and not poland . 
  it 's the sweet social system . 
  i 'd advise to follow denmark 's example and cut benefits to them . 
  even when some humanitarian organizations whine , it 's not a human right to illegally come to europe and automatically be entitled to a certain sum of money . 
  about 90 % of the migrants coming are young males . 
  i 'm sorry , but not only is it extremely suspicious that so many of them just leave their families behind , it 's very unbalanced demographically . 
  young males are already prone to more violence and extremism in general , but having massive amount of young males with immigrant background , often with very different cultural and societal values , all this without families - it 's a recipe for disaster . 
  i understand that there are a lot of those who are also educated and can use help , but there 's really no clear way to separate them . 
  we can take some , but not many . 
   i do n't think anyone 's talking about millions to estonia anyway . 
  a few thousands , maybe . 
  you 're all being very dramatic imo . 
  you understand that for thousands of people , there should be built some multiple dozens of apartment houses at least . 
  with that , we could maybe house our own poor and homeless ? 
  how do you even justify so big transfers to complete foreigners while ignoring your own people ? 
  are they being punished for living in a peaceful country and not one with a war ? 
   but your collective point is made : we 'll deal with the asylum seekers and hopefully any support for the east will never happen if we do n't directly profit from it too . 
  i already said that central and eastern europe already accepts refugees , did before that and continues to do so . 
  it 's about the amount of refugees we take in and whether that is forced or agreed willingly . 
  you are the one being dramatic here . 
   the last one would be estonian ssr recognized borders . 
  but since modern estonian government does n't recognize essr - problem . 
  the current borders are indeed estonian ssr borders . 
  to be exact , after 1945 , because the 1940 essr did n't have those areas annexed by russia yet . 
  estonia actually does accept the current borders now , that 's not the issue . 
  the issue with border treaty is that russia does n't want any hints to tartu peace treaty , which would mean them possibly recognizing republic of estonia of 1918 , which could possibly add some obligations to them , including admitting occupation , returning some estonian properties etc. 
  the border itself is not an issue , though . 
   it 's hypocritical , though , given that from the '90s onwards thousands of people from the baltics and the v4 area too have emigrated all around western europe . 
  not everyone was ok with that , you know . 
  that 's a very bad example . 
  first of all , post-2004 migration in those countries has been all about eu 's free movement of people , so every member country has agreed with that and therefore , accepted it . 
  secondly , that 's right - ** thousands ** , not millions . 
  central and eastern european countries have even before the current migration crisis accepted refugees . 
  we 're just not capable of accepting so many . 
  what is more , the amount of refugees has not been forced on us , just like it was n't forced to other countries in history . 
  you do n't get it . 
  * you * might support a very close union , but i 'm afraid that 's not the case in eu generally . 
  we have to take the eu as it is now , not how it could or should be . 
  the eu is a union of sovereign states and even though part of the sovereignity has been handed over to the eu , the member states themselves still hold the highest power . 
  you claimed that we should share the benefits and burdens , but i am asking - to what extent ? 
  yes , italy and greece are struggling with huge migration crisis , let 's share it ? 
  but bulgaria is struggling with major wage cap and brain drain , why are we not sharing that ? 
  i 'm being honest here - many western european countries have quite failed with their immigration policies and it seems they are trying to use ` solidarity ' here to push some of the problems to other member states . 
  that 's a cowardly policy instead of fixing your own problems . 
  i 'm all for helping refugees , because our nation has also had to suffer from it at one point , but it does n't mean we should accept millions from africa of middle east and cripple our own social system . 
  if we ca n't afford no more , then we ca n't and that 's it . 
  not only do people need to have food , but they also need to have a place in the society - work , study etc. 
  without it , they are at risk of being socially excluded and that pushes people to extremism . 
  well , european unemployment rate is not exactly low right now . 
  now , let 's take the economic migrants . 
  again , it 's not our problem that some societies are irresponsibly ignoring population control . 
  it 's definitely the case for africa , which has lousy soils ( half of the continent is desert !!!, 
  ) , but exploding population . 
  look at china - they took the population under control and their economy is booming - millions are being lifted out of poverty . 
  i do n't think we have any obligation to accept them . 
  however , is it even legally okay to punish him for `` illegally crossing border '' as there 's no border treaty between estonia and russia ? 
  the last one , tartu peace treaty , would set the border between pechory and pskov , so he would n't have broken the law as he would have been on estonian soil all the time . 
  it 's even worse in baltics . 
  people have still the trauma of soviet-era mass immigration that was about to make the native people a minority in their own country . 
  let 's remember that this was with a neighbouring nation and we still today , even 25 years later , have huge tensions because of that . 
  whoever thinks that the same with middle eastern and african people ( many of whom ca n't probably even read or write ) would somehow work , is an idiot . 
   it rather normal that we share the burdens and benefits of our common problems . 
  i agree . 
  so let 's impose a new ` solidarity tax ' to eu . 
  each belgian must pay 30 % of their salary so that bulgarians ' wages would become close to the eu average . 
  after all , it 's not normal that an average belgian earns 3000 $ , while average bulgarian 400 $ . 
  think of the difference !, 
  we have to share our problems !, 
  i 'd advise to sharply cut social benefits to migrants in the richer eu states and see how many migrants would then be coming there ... 
  we could trade some of the numerous serial killers with russian citizenship we have in our prisons with kohver . 
  after all , russia does have a tendency of protecting such people , as long as they did it for the red motherland . 
  estonian 's first time in a finnish shop and buying milk - goes to the dairy section and looks for * piim * , and yeah - finds * piim\u00e4 * on it . 
  it 's in the standard package , a white liquid . 
  sure thing . 
  later in home . 
  what the f * ck , do they sell spoiled milk in finland ? 
  what the hell is that thing ?!!, 
  so yes , your * piim\u00e4 * is something like * pett * in estonia . 
  i , for example , drink * piim * every day , but * piim\u00e4 * not at all . 
  dat comment  they were n't rioting , they were just decorating the town so it looks more like the towns they came from in africa . 
  i laughed way more than i should have . 
  ~ 40 % of tallinn is russian-speaking as a result of mass immigration of russians during soviet era . 
  there was even a song called `` stop lasnam\u00e4e ! '', 
  during singing revolution of late 1980s hinting to the russian-dominated area of tallinn that was being rapidly expanded and that would have eventually made estonians a minority in their own capital ( which is what happened to latvians in riga ) . 
  yes , it sounds odd , but due to cheapness , it 's the most popular type of package for milk here . 
  you just put it in a can and cut a corner off . 
  then you can store in a fridge . 
  there is also the standard cardboard and bottle available , slightly more expensive , though . 
  well , estonia has not enough milk processing capability , so it has to sell lots of raw milk to lithuania .
