  74 % answered `` to weaken and humiliate russia '' , while only 5 % said `` to stop the war in eastern ukraine '' . 
  sorry , but russia 's public opinion is one of the last things europeans should take into account . 
  the media is so heavily biased , full of propaganda and fake stories that russians ' opinion on foreign topics is what the kremlin wants them to believe . 
  first of all , it 's said that prices would n't be rounded . 
  prices could still be 2.34 , 1.49 and so on , but the total sum would be rounded if you pay by cash . 
  secondly , even if stores would start rounding anyway , it is n't something exclusively negative . 
  inflation is actually something that ecb wants right now . 
  and yet statistics show that with the euro , price growth has been slower than with lira . 
  c'mon , some small fees ( public toilet , cheap coffee in a random cafe ) might have doubled , but most prices did n't change much . 
  i hope you 're not confused by comparing prices of today with era of lira . 
   would you mind to give an example of an ee nation that has such rights for sexual minorities ? 
  sorry , but what do you mean by ` such rights ' ? 
  i was referring to attitude towards sexual minorities in russia vs. poland . 
  it 's not perfect in poland , but still much better than in russia , especially considering russia has basically officially stated that sexual minorities are abnormal people who you 'd better stay away from ( `` gay propaganda '' law ) . 
   if poland is n't the examplary country for eastern europe then who is ? 
  o.o not exemplary in context of rights of sexual minorities . 
   and standard of living as well as economic development has barely improved . 
  for moscovites perhaps , but the rest of the country ? 
  not only in moscow and st. petersburg , though . 
  do n't forget that russia is not * that * poor ( world 's richest natural resource supplies ) . 
  these two cities are clearly above any other regions in life quality and difference might have become even bigger , but there 's plenty of money for other regions as well . 
  while rural areas could be frozen since 1970s or so , there are dozen of cities in russia with over 1 ' 000 ' 000 people and improvement in most of them has been visible . 
  russian economy saw a huge surge in early 2000s . 
   well , turkey could have become a member without a dictator at the top and a party sabotaging that process every two steps . 
  that did not help them , but even without that , turkey was never too close to membership . 
   you seem to view this as an instantanous process , when in reality the russian government would be a lot less corrupt , has gone through serious reforms and spends a lot less money on its military . 
   a russia with solid economic reforms that cooperates with europe instead of trying to oppose it and with a functional , non-authoritarian government will have more than enough money for a lot of the internal works . 
  i like to think in a prospect of foreseeable future . 
   since a hundred years they do n't know anything else , however , like every nation ever this will change once the economy picks up . 
  attitude towards democracy has gone down with putin . 
  it 's being played as a western tool that masks evil domination goals . 
  and well , china is also kinda inspirational on how to be succesful and yet not a democracy . 
  with anti-western sentiments now highest since cold war , that might be a direction they 'd like to take . 
   russians are already getting `` westernized '' through the internet and such . 
  and how well is that working out ? 
  we have an entire separate online community that believes its own truth . 
  russian is a widespread language and that gives little incentive for russians to learn english . 
  that has created some sort of media bubble where russians create , read and spread their own information , making an alternative separeted community . 
  that 's not possible in estonian , for example , as we 're just too tiny . 
  we are kinda forced to integrate with international community . 
  i do n't know what awesome russians you 've dealt with but even in estonia , there 's basically two different communities even online . 
  estonians use facebook , russians vkontakte . 
  estonians use gmail , russians mail.ru . 
  and trust me , their views and values are often very different . 
  and that 's people of the same country . 
   not sure what you mean , if you 're hinting at their discrimination of homosexuals then i 'd like to point squarily at countries like poland or bulgaria . 
  not exactly exemplary countries , but they still have no state-sanctioned discrimination of sexual minorities . 
  -- fortunately or unfortunately , i am not nearly as optimistic as you . 
  we 've waited for relations with russia to improve ever since 1990s in the hope that `` russia will change one day '' . 
  well , that has not happened . 
  even with economic development , even with living standards improving a lot , not much has changed . 
  and by having a large russian community in our country , even after 25 years , we feel it too often just how little we have in common . 
   just like ukraine , russia has the option of joining the eu eventually let 's be honest , that 's not really a realistic option . 
  it would be an even more difficult task than including turkey and we all know today they wo n't become a member of eu , even after decades of pursuing that goal . 
  russia is just too big , it 's almost twice as big as germany . 
  it would dominate eu 's structures and pull the union 's gravitational center strongly eastwards . 
  we already have many that think eu has taken too many `` easterners '' and it should been exclusively a western european club . 
  as with turkey , `` most of it is in asia '' . 
  russia would be also a nightmare for eu funds . 
  the country is very inequal and poorer parts would require huge funds for any kind of harmonization . 
  and because of its size , it would leave little to rest of the union . 
  geopolitically , russia sees itself as a power on its own . 
  they 've already created multiple organizations copying eu , but with former ussr states , and have rather open been about them being rivals to the eu . 
  finally , russia is also too different . 
  they 're not culturally lightyears away and things like crime , life expectancy etc improve with development anyway , but there are several issues i see not being compatible with eu . 
  like their love for autocracy , glorification of soviet union ( good luck getting central and eastern europe accept that ) , `` family values '' etc. 
  do n't get me wrong , we could definitely profit from having russia as an ally . 
  it 's just a full membership is not realistic for them . 
  instead , we should aim for some other cooperation mechanisms . 
  russia itself has offered some cooperation between their eurasian union and eu , i think , for example . 
  of course for all that to even be considered , there should be a strong change in their leadership 's mindset . 
  no sex in the ussr . 
  children were just a gift of communism . 
  the shocking part is that it used to be much , much worse . 
  for example , number of abortions in [ estonia since 1970 ] ( https://www.upload.ee/image/6582680/rv174201712133943_1p2_18354961_1_.gif ) . 
  you have a housing problem , not overpopulation . 
  you 're free to send some 100 ' 000 of your brightest here . 
  we have a lot of room and empty living space . 
  greece enjoys a better life quality because they were capitalist and have had eu integration for a longer time . 
  not because they were not financially disciplined . 
  greece has had one of the worst economic crises known in western world because of excessive spending and borrowing and they 're still not recovering . 
  it 's not exactly a great path they 've taken . 
  i 've had the impression that they 're doing this until eu funds are flowing . 
  basically , because we 're rather dependent on eu funds when it comes to government investment , they 've left borrowing as a tool to use after the former runs out ( for whatever reason ) , in order to not give a shock to the economy . 
  you could really use a big change in your mentality . 
  firstly , your take on neighbours could use a lot less chauvinism . 
  i mean , of course smaller countries do not stand a chance against russia . 
  does that make them worse ? 
  maybe it 's because i 'm from a small country but it 's really ridiculous to see people being proud of country 's size . 
  i mean , i 'd take quality over quantity any day . 
  and being able to conquer , invade means also little if you 're not able to build a functioning , stable , trusted society . 
  secondly , germany is not your enemy anymore , has n't been since wwii . 
  in fact , germany has been rather cooperative with russia , until russia invaded ukraine . 
  we could use a lot less of `` ancient enemies '' in europe , just look at france , germany , poland as examples . 
  they would most likely compare it to nazi invasion . 
  you know , evil germans coming once more with fascist pribaltika collaborating again . 
  we must protect the motherland !, 
  firstly , i 'm not talking about immigrants in particular , just population growth in general . 
  secondly , no i do n't think inactive people `` cancel '' gdp gains , i 'm just saying they do not add much . 
  additional people need to do something to create more value .
