  i 'm not even saying that they should , but i 'm bringing the example that finns and estonians who have separated from russia have fared a lot , and by that i mean by almost every possible measurement - demographically , culturally , economically , politically - better than those who have stayed a part of russia . 
  should that say something about the country , you decide . 
   and contrary to you russian law preserves the right of the minorities and allow them to pursue their culture and languages , many of them are even official languages . 
  oh my god , they can actually use their own language in * their own native lands * . 
  generous gods you must be . 
  you know , we even have russian schools in estonia and most of the information is also available in russian here despite the fact that it 's not an official language . 
  shocking , right ? 
  and i 'm an estonian and i see all native finno-ugrics in russia disappearing fast . 
  so here 's the problem . 
  if we are a nation state and you are a federal state , how come minorites in russia just do n't seem to fare better at all ? 
  it seems you always `` forget '' how they became to form 25 % of our population . 
  it was similar to as how our 3rd largest city was wiped out of almost all estonian speakers . 
  and estonia is a nation state anyway , so that 's something to consider . 
  whereas , what should we say about finno-ugrics in russia that are * native * there and do n't have their own country ? 
  how 's their culture and language preserved ? 
  then how do you measure success here ? 
  because if you said it 's a successful * multi-ethnic * country , i 'd expect the success to be shared by the minorities , not only the majority . 
  otherwise , estonia seems an even more succesful multi-ethnic country , as estonians make up a smaller share in the country than russians in russia , and yet we 're a nation state by definition . 
  successful for who ? 
  all finno-ugric nations in russia are doing way worse than those with their own country . 
  even if that was the case , those unofficial agreements have been nullified by russia 's invasions of its neighbours . 
  blackmailing would be to force refugees on us and set the numbers in brussels , cooperation would be finding some kind of an agreement . 
  i think everybody would prefer the latter . 
  hey , i 'm not over-enthusiastic about getting millions of people of different culture into eu , which already has relatively high unemployment , and i think eu should actively fight against illegal immigration . 
  that does n't still change the fact that so many have reached here ( and more probably will ) and a lot of them do need help . 
  at the same time , i 'm also certain that europe has to put a limit to the amount they can take and that limit should be decided by every member itself , not brussels ( which has been incredibly bad at solving the crisis ) . 
   so instead of going with what the population wants , they try to make us like it . 
  so what do they want ? 
  let 's take 0 refugees because they 'll cost us some euros ? 
  i mean , baltic people have been refugees themselves back in wwii and we 're in the eu . 
  we have a bit of a moral debt and european solidarity to take into consideration , so there has to be some contribution from our side . 
  that does not mean we should n't consider other circumstances , such as baltics struggling to house and feed our own poor , our already bad demographic situation ( integration problems ) etc , but a few hundred refugees is n't something we ca n't cope with . 
  otherwise , if we contribute nothing , do n't expect other countries to contribute to eu budget in the future , where we get considerable sums to invest into our economies . 
   estonia worries the most about the immigration issue while being the european country with the highest net emigration rate . 
  i understand that emigration is a problem here , but please , no hyperboles . 
  i do n't think estonia has ever had the highest net emigration rate in europe , even during the harsh crisis of 2009-2010 , latvia-lithuania did a bit worse . 
  currently , it has decreased a lot considering rising living standards and low unemployment . 
  you 're right about the immigration issue being overblown here , though . 
  probably a mix of soviet mass immigration trauma and some conservative powers playing on the soviet era generations ' doubtful views about modern western values . 
  it 's only ironic considering that estonians emigrate only to western countries , mainly to nordics , uk , usa and australia , all with very liberal values . 
  russia wo n't be a problem for us as long as eu and nato stay strong . 
  that 's why we should worry about something else beforehand . 
  i do n't think that 's the case , though . 
  we have some small positive net immigration from russia , but that 's not really big . 
  however , we have some conservative powers gaining on refugee issues , even though estonia is about to take only a few hundred in the nearest years . 
  many of the older people think that stockholm is now a muslim ghetto where white people are murdered for being white , without actually themselves ever being there . 
  i do n't know why it has blown so big here compared to latvia and lithuania . 
  it 's really frustrating to live in a transition society sometimes . 
  if it 's a topic that enough people care of , it will cost them in the next elections . 
  so , public opinion is definitely an important factor to consider . 
  no , i wo n't accept that bullshit iron curtain division . 
  if like 99 % of our emigrants go to those `` decadent evil western homogay '' countries , should n't we become more like them , not the other way around ? 
  i do n't understand the logic of the soviet-minded people here . 
  i 'm sure belarus is even now looking into deepening ties with eu as russia and many other post-soviet countries are in economic troubles and if resources stay cheap , that might be a long term problem , so diversification is good for you anyway . 
  however , full membership is something very far away from belarus right now . 
  belarus has not even hinted at european integration goal , not to mention started any reforms , something that happened in baltics already in early 1990s . 
  i mean , lenin still stands in front of the belarusian parliament . 
  you 're right that things might change , but how realistic does it seem in the near future ? 
  belarus could , in theory , become part of the eu some day , but it seems very unlikely at this point . 
  a lot of the state structures are integrated with russia and the economy is very dependant on preferential treatment of moscow , cheap resources being one example of that . 
  disintegrating seems very unlikely , damaging to the economy and russia would quite clearly intervene . 
  not to mention that the whole model of belarusian economy , which is largely state-controlled , the soviet-like employment system etc are not compatible with free market system . 
  then we have the human rights , press freedom , executioning etc , which would still probably the most easily solved problems compared to the afromentioned ones . 
  the most likely case for belarus to even be considered a candidate would be if russian-eu relations would experience some rapid improvements , a revival even , and russia itself would target more integration or close ties , and that it would n't see eu or the west as its enemy . 
  this , however , sounds quite unlikely today , considering the events in recent years . 
  another case would be some kind of a revolution with nationalist elements , e.g. 
  returning belarus to its pre-1994 state , with belarusian language and identity revival , old flag etc. 
  the possibility of this seems very tiny considering that most people in the country speak russian and often associate themselves with russia too . 
  then we have ukraine 's revolutions that have not brought any remarkable improvements , so belarusians would prefer stability over that . 
  and thirdly , again , russia would hardly let anything like that happen there . 
  estonia , germany and czech republic had all sharp declines in their eu image , with czech republic now seeing the eu as a more negative than positive thing . 
  immigration is now the no . 
  1 problem in each eu member state ( except portugal ) and sharply up from the previous survey . 
  the refugee crisis and illegal immigration is already having really damaging effects on eu and it 's probably only going to get worse next year . 
  finland is not the only country that has had troublesome history with russia . 
  no love would n't automatically mean they dislike their neighbour 's leader the most in europe . 
  it 's just surprising compared to poland which has considerably fresher wounds than finland . 
  anyway , as much as i 've had contact with finns , their attitude towards putin has been definitely not as hostile as estonians ' . 
  actually , i 'm surprised dislike for putin is so high in europe . 
  poland and ukraine were as expected , but finland , a non-nato country for example , the worst ? 
  i think quite clearly sums up the `` friendly '' attitude of russia . 
  also , even though we do n't have data for norway , estonia , lithuania and georgia , we could pretty much estimate that putin is disliked in every western neighbour of russia , except for belarus . 
  that should already show something about the country 's behaviour . 
  probably for the same reason latvia is not dark red - there are more than enough russian-speakers there that support putin . 
  you can say thanks to soviet union for that . 
  well , the downvotes say that people really do n't like that proposed flag , so maybe you 're right . 
  anyway , a nice flag should be simple ( a child should be able to draw it ) and have some hints about the country . 
  so cyprus - island , beaches , water , warmth , sand , buildings etc. 
  colours like white , blue , yellow seem something to be used . 
  maybe somebody could propose a better one ? 
  i had a 50 rub note lying somewhere and then i thought it 's actually worth less than 1 $ . 
  probably not going to exchange it in the bank ... 
  i just discovered that russia has public holidays from 31st to basically 8th as a long new year - orthodox christmas celebration . 
  lucky you . 
  in estonia , the public holidays are dec 24th-26th as christmas and jan 1st as new year . 
  23rd and 31st are shortened workdays . 
  that 's it . 
  anyway , do n't you celebrate anything on 24th-25th ? 
  i somewhat had impression something still happens then . 
  actually , i find the proposed flag quite nice .
