  in 1990s and early 2000s , russia had many problems . 
  for example , the worst criminal currently in estonian prison is actually a russian citizen that secretly crossed the border in 2002 with his partner and then started to randomly rob and kill people all over the country . 
  leaky borders with such tragic consequences gave little reason for removing visa requirement . 
  russia-eu visa-free travel was close to happening before crimea . 
  it 's not very safe to have visa freedom with a country that likes to change its and its neighbours ' borders by force . 
  so why are latvia and lithuania so low ? 
  the main fear seemed to be inflation before joining and that proved to be completely baseless ... 
  to be honest , the dissolution should have been slower and milder . 
  the 1990s in post-soviet world was comparable to a war , with living standards , birth rates and economy plunging sharply and crime , unemployment , emigration etc skyrocketing . 
  some of it was unavoidable , because of a failed economic system , but the general lawlessness and chaos could have been somewhat avoided if an entire country with integrated infrastructure and economy would not have disappeared overnight . 
  several post-soviet states have not reached their ussr-era economic level even today . 
  most are autocratic , if not outright dictatorships . 
  the economies are unreformed , and development is stalling . 
  we have exceptions like russia , azerbaijan and kazakhstan , but they owe it largely due to oil and other natural resources . 
  maybe georgia could be praised because it is one of the few that seems to have had serious reforms . 
  even in baltics , which are a bit exceptional as they actually left earlier and * restored * their independence , it might have been more smooth . 
  but at least we had a clear path and we 've reached very deep european integration . 
  something i would definitely not change . 
  things are stable now and it was clearly a much better choice than what others seeked . 
  of course we benefited from our location , small size , history of independence and european identity . 
  then again , i do n't think similar approach would have been impossible for ukraine , belarus and moldova . 
  of course , in the end , it could have been even worse , like in yugoslavia with bloody ethnic wars . 
  it 's actually a miracle that it was so bloodless . 
  i guess all the conflicts afterwards , chechnya , georgia , transnistria , ukraine are partially aftershocks of this . 
  the best option would be to show it as disputed territory , really . 
  showing it as part of ukraine gives a wrong impression of the reality , showing it as part of russia is politically problematic . 
  go for the middle way , then . 
  we 're gon na have to disagree on that . 
  it 's the same as if estonia cherrypicked tallinn and tartu , which are largest towns and make up ~ 540 ' 000 people out of estonia 's 1.3 million , and said that 's large enough sample . 
  those also * happen * to be the top-performers in education . 
  beijing , shanghai , jiangsu and guangdong are all the biggest and wealthiest cities/regions of china , and perform significantly better than the country in general would . 
  actually , it does n't make sense to include only developed cities in china . 
  it 's not just about size , it 's about including all regions and provinces . 
  latvia might be small , yet it still has poor provinces . 
  if they take only riga into ratings , they 'd improve in almost every indicator significantly , but the overall picture about the country would be flawed . 
  shanghai definitely is not a great representative of chinese population . 
  just as london is n't for uk , madrid for spain , moscow for russia or riga for latvia . 
  developed cities have always a more educated , wealthier population than the country in general . 
  just because there 's no border between the city and provinces , does n't mean everybody will go there , as they just ca n't afford it . 
  many also prefer not to . 
   china is fill l with pseudo science and coruption and it doesnt stop them from crushing pretty much most western countries . . what do you mean ? 
  china only has few selected wealthy cities in the ranking . 
  if russia only measured moscow and st. petersburg , it could also rank a lot higher . 
  if finland took just helsinki , they 'd probably top the chart . 
  and so on . 
   singapore is a one party state since 1950 with a democratic index close to russia and it doesnt stop them from toping this chart and to be better than most countries democracy is not the same as wealth or development . 
  you can have the latter two without the former , but in most cases , it does n't work out . 
  what seems to be showing here is new members ' dependence on eu structural funds . 
  just as 2007-2013 funds have ended and 2014-2020 are only opening up , the growth stalls . 
  this is most strongly felt in construction . 
   hahahah fuck you everybody i see we 're beaming our high standards of education even further ... 
  well , they 're not bad . 
  university of tartu is the highest-ranked in baltics and has been on upwards trend . 
  still , it 's not competing with world class universities , which is rather obvious for a tiny country , but let 's be honest , pupils ' performance affects country a lot less than those of university students . 
  so i really wish such strong performance in pisa would reflect in the country 's development some day , but unfortunately , there are many other factors to be considered . 
  * looks smugly down at europe , while completely ignoring higher education or what pisa specifically measures * : `` hmppph , you uneducated indo-european peasants ... '', 
  a year early , but shall we bring some [ vana tallinn ] ( http://www.iltasanomat.fi/taloussanomat/art-2000004892535.html ) ? 
  whenever it comes to law , estonia goes with germany . 
  well , the story goes further . 
  van der bellens came originally from the netherlands to russia . 
  pskov , to be clear ( close to estonia ) . 
  that was in 18th century . 
  they were local nobility there . 
  they escaped to estonia after russia turned communist and estonia became an independent country , in 1919 . 
  there , alexander 's father got estonian wife , learned estonian language and adopted the citizenship . 
  when soviets occupied estonia , they fled to germany and later to austria . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  at least not in estonia anymore . 
  women are now , on average , more educated . 
  it 's the men that are also more prone to extremism . 
  you know , for us , the us is an ally , ok . 
  i 'd find it logical for russia to maybe think about why its neighbours have better relations with usa that 's almost on the other side of the globe . 
  but it seems that country lacks self-criticism . 
  we have little trust for russia . 
  when that country is so aggressive towards us ( not militariliy , but in its diplomacy , its trade actions etc ) , when it invades its neighbours , what do they think we 'll do ? 
  out of fear become their subjects again ? 
  it only alienates us even more . 
  now after russia invading ukraine , we 've created some bases here . 
  around 1 ' 000 nato troops in each baltic country . 
  this is such a small number that it 's barely even visible . 
  absolutely not is it possible to launch invasion of russia and us , being a country of 1.3 million , only laugh about any such claim . 
  meanwhile , russia has rather signifact bases next to us , and that country seems to invade neighbours rather periodically . 
  so really , which one should be afraid here ? 
  we care about ourselves and yes , we do n't give a fuck about what russia thinks about usa . 
  usa is our ally and even if russia does n't like that , we 're not russia . 
  we 're not going to adjust our policy because of a foreign country . 
  but if russia wanted to get us further from its borders , they 'd might try a friendlier , more civilized and less chauvinistic approach towards us for starters . 
  ask them . 
  why do they give fuck about the ` near abroad ' , post-soviet states etc ? 
  they want some sphere of influence . 
  they think that these countries are nice buffer zone against enemies . 
  besides , baltics make more sense as at least they 've got ports , beaches and are wealthier than other russian neighbours . 
  no , why ? 
  vdb has estonian roots * and * is a liberal . 
  an obvious choice from me , but there are plenty of people in estonia that think far-right wave will end multiculturalism ( which besides a small number of refugees , does n't hurt estonia at all ) and somehow will make all problems of europe go away . 
  i just do n't realize how they would imagine estonia functioning without strong support from the west ( or they have n't realized that many of the far-right see us as dirty poor eastern europeans , and besides russia is their best buddy anyway , so nobody cares about irrelevant baltics ) . 
  or even the economy , as we are strongly export oriented . 
  limiting business and trade relations hurts us a lot more than most other european countries . 
  that 's exactly what we planned . 
  we gave so many architects , lawyers , writers , bankers etc to the west as a gift .
