  it 's not issue of only estonia , though . 
  if it was , i would agree , but it seems to be rather common among russians in post-soviet states . 
  it 's clearly typical behaviour of them . 
  there are obvious strong disagreements between us and russians . 
  these stretch from history ( ussr ) , foreign policy ( eu , nato vs russia ) to language policy . 
  now people do n't have to have the exact same views , of course , and some of these are natural ( russians favouring more russian language , better relations with russia ) , but a large part of these are direct imports from putin 's russia . 
  an average estonian russian has no more reasons to dislike nato than estonian , yet they do . 
  they have no more reasons to hate gays , yet they do . 
  this is result of living in russia 's information sphere . 
  and it is very strongly dividing . 
  people see them as foreigners , or in obscener words , putinists , occupants , colonists , 5th column etc. 
  there needs to be a division of ethnicity ( discrimination completely illegal ) and the ` russkiy mir ' . 
  i can already say that if the latter does n't go away , russians will never be accepted as part of us . 
  they are migrants , though . 
  the only russian minority we had was a small community by lake peipsi . 
  during soviet occupation , baltics were colonized with nearly a million russians . 
  migrants have to adapt to the locals , not the other way around . 
  really ? 
  which countries do not require knowledge of the official language to acquire citizenship ? 
  indeed . 
  what is more , non-citizens have no eu freedom of movement , they ca n't freely work/study/live in other eu countries like estonian/latvian citizens can . 
  hopefully that will motivate them to acquire it . 
  yes , it is . 
  we 're also interested in solving the problem . 
  however , we do have certain requirements for our citizens ( most importantly , speaking the official language ) . 
  furthermore , many , if not even majority of them at this point actually prefer the stateless status , as they have visa freedom in eu and russia at the same time . 
  something that is impossible after acquiring a citizenship . 
  also , men have no conscription . 
  newborns only ? 
  then that 's good , we already have it here . 
  i thought it was about those as well who were born e.g. 
  20 years ago . 
  / u/blueeyedblonde69 is speaking some generalizing shit about russians , but still there 's no way i would give citizenship to people who do not speak latvian language . 
  this would make the integrated russians feel betrayed because `` you were so dumb , should have just waited enough '' and those who do n't speak the language lose any motivation . 
  and might i mention , over 80 % of russians in estonia do bloc-vote for one single party for decades now . 
  when asked , it 's always e.g. 
  `` they care about russians '' . 
  it 's the most stupid identity politics that really does undermine democracy here . 
  so there is a point about giving citizenship and it immediately starting to lean politics towards putin 's russia . 
  something we absolutely hate here . 
  why did n't you use the fresh data from ~ ~ yesterday ~ ~ today , available [ here ] ( http://www.levada.ru/2017/06/05/druzya-i-vragi-rossii-2/ ) ? 
  it was already said here before that the roaming deal wo n't work because of massive price differences in europe . 
  the agreed wholesale price limit is way too high for northern europe , so operators would need to pay huge sums to southern european companies if their clients travelled there . 
  in fact , it was hinted strongly that southern european telecom market operates basically as a cartel , as there is no reasonable explanation for so much higher prices ( single market and stuff ) . 
  not sure how true it is but that 's what our operators are claiming . 
  if we had foreseen eu and nato expansion , it could have made sense . 
  currently , kaliningrad is an annoying militarized russian outpost constantly threatening us . 
  sorry , but it 's really , really difficult to call what happened to k\u00f6nigsberg as liberation . 
  bombing down the entire town , expelling every single resident , building a cheap and ugly soviet town instead and colonizing it with your own people . 
  it 's just not liberation in any way . 
  kaliningrad being now part of russia is accepted . 
  that being rightful is also mostly accepted , but it 's not liberation . 
  gdp is not measurement of wealth , it 's measurement of * creation of wealth * in one year . 
  debts , unemployment , salaries , inequality etc all indicate healthiness of economy , true , but it does n't change the amount of value created . 
  because gdp per capita shows how much wealth is produced in the country for every person . 
  size of economy ( simple nominal gdp ) is obviously going to be bigger in bigger countries . 
  lower population does n't mean higher gdp per capita compared to bigger countries . 
  we have tiny countries such as moldova which are really , really poor ( the poorest in europe ) , while big countries like germany ( among the richest in europe ) . 
  size of the economy is not relevant here , i was talking about gdp per capita . 
  serbia is not significantly richer than albania . 
  they 're really in the same tier , i 'd say . 
  montenegro joining in 2020s is definitely possible , it 's tiny enough , not the poorest among them , it already uses the euro and is also a nato member ( less conflict of interests ) . 
  it annoys me when they suddenly change font for cyrillic , as if it would n't be available for those foreign hieroglyphs . 
  distrust maybe , but not hate ... 
  but where 's the soviet propaganda ? 
  just because russia likes to twist the history and exploit the nazi collaboration to demonize its neighbours and justify ussr crimes does n't mean there was none . 
  if we refuse to acknowledge every aspect of our past , we make it easy to exploit for others . 
  all our supermarket chains pay low wages , the average is something around 600 euros a month . 
  a swedish cheap store ( not really much cheaper than others , though ) recently ended and converted to `` standard '' , so no more cheap stores in estonia at least . 
  maybe that 's why lidl decided to enter ... 
  we have 5 or 6 big chains that have each 10 % -- 20 % market share , so huge competition for such a tiny market . 
  i wonder if this can keep going after lidl . 
  sure , especially if you 're used to cities like london , paris , moscow , new york etc. 
  it 's just it 's already a new level if an estonian can say that . 
  if somebody asked fm whether they think putin being a crab affects eu-russia relations , i would certainly know what to answer . 
  if there 's no logical link , then why not just say that . 
  but a question about eu-russia relations was asked . 
  furthermore , gays existing in chechnya should be rather obvious , but oh well . 
  on a * way * more relevant note , lidl is also about to enter estonian and latvian markets , the last eu members without lidl stores . 
  where else should foreigners ask about the official position of russia ? 
  nope , ivanov/ivanova is actually the most popular , but it 's a russian name . 
  russian names are disproportionally represented in popularity lists ( both first and surnames ) because they have considerably less diversity with their names . 
  so they 've added the most popular estonian name as well . 
  sounds good to me . 
   anyway , i 've always imagined ljubljana and budapest to be about the same size , learned today that that was very wrong . 
  hehehe , indeed . 
  even slovakia 's capital bratislava is not too big , it 's about the same size as tallinn . 
  when i visited ljubljana as i was young , i was like `` wait , * this * is the capital ? '' . 
  it was beautiful , but small . 
  something you 'd rather call a town . 
  of course , tallinn is disproportionally large for estonia , hosting nearly every third resident of estonia , but still , it is among the smallest capitals in europe . 
  it is . 
  their [ consumer confidence ] ( http://stat.fi/til/kbar/2017/05/kbar_2017_05_2017-05-29_tie_001_en.html ) has hit record highs and their export markets are all doing better . 
  i do n't know why it 's not reflecting in the labour market yet , maybe it will take time . 
  ljubljana is smaller than tallinn . 
  you wo n't have a global city in slovenia . 
  yes , but slovenia is not * that * far off from italy , for example . 
  yet if you look at the dynamics of economy , you can already start betting on when will slovenia overtake italy . 
  fyi , italy had 0.8 % growth compared to slovenia 's 5.3 % . 
  yes , they do .
