  italy 's gdp ( ppp ) per capita is 34 ' 000 dollars , down from 39 ' 000 in 2007 , while germany 's is 44 ' 000 and france 's 38 ' 000 , both at record high . 
  their output per capita has dropped significantly and fallen more and more behind its comparable euro area peers . 
  add the higher unemployment rate . 
  it 's not lack of workforce that 's currently hurting their economy , it 's something else ( uncompetitive economy , lack of reforms , corruption etc ) . 
  oh , they already get quite lot from the north . 
  looks like it 's a secret baltic plan to allow latvia to catch up with its neighbours . 
  i think it 's very relevant . 
  i 'm not talking about how a specific person lives , but i 'm talking about what values are at the top for specific countries/societies . 
  it 's quite clear no eu country would ever favour such moves that russia has taken , and that 's because territorial integrity , general stability and welfare are at a much higher priority than some influence in ukraine or middle east . 
  this does n't stop europe from participating there , of course , but only because europe can afford to do that without significantly damaging the afromentioned . 
  i think most europeans would not event want to see that much meddling as we 've actually seen . 
  so when talking about geopolitics , russia might be more on the news , but if that comes at the cost of economy , they arguably lose influence as well . 
  russia 's biggest instrument for the alleged influence is seen military , even though it could easily be economy as well , considering its size and natural resources . 
  in fact , looking at russia 's trade relations , they tumbled quite a lot in recent years . 
  this erodes influence . 
  not to mention if russia does set its values so inherently different from europe , it could be stuck in a cold war type conflict for quite a long time . 
  no cooperation with europe , thrown out of g8 , halted positions in council of europe . 
  even if russia likes to pretend it 's gaining independence that way , europe will stay their largest market . 
  remember , 2/3 russians live in europe . 
  so if we do come back to geopolitics , it 's being played as some kind of victory for * russia * , but i ca n't agree . 
  it might be for a specific clique at the kremlin , but the country itself could have done so much better . 
  i 'll never understand how this playing against the west is somehow beneficial for russia . 
  if in 2000s , they had a booming economy and rapidly growing influence , becoming even rival for us among trade partners of europe , then today they have lost both with gaining a small peninsula . 
  which one would you prefer ? 
  people , here you can see a typical putinbot . 
  the one who puts such normal interests for europeans like life quality , peace , prosperity , peace etc all much much lower than the ones of their czar . 
  who cares that country with such vast natural resources is still strongly below its potential . 
  it has now geopolitical victory in syria . 
  look !, 
  russia matters now !, 
  it does n't matter if an average russian worker makes now less money than the one in china . 
  they 're now buddies with them . 
  i 'm sure chinese are all ready to support putin and do n't consider it just a cheap source of natural resources . 
  russia also got crimea !, 
  the world 's largest country expanded even more !, 
  who cares that because of propaganda , massively disproprtionate sums are going to that peninsula , while provinces stagnate even more . 
  also , who cares that they lost ukraine ? 
  they did n't agree with us so they are enemies anyway . 
  look , we get refugees to work for motherland . 
  sorry , but this is definitely bullshit . 
  not only have i ever heard about a single estonian ever using vk , most do n't even know what it is . 
  i also do n't know a single estonian web page that would even have a button for vk for sharing or profile , like they do for facebook . 
  i 've understood it 's rather popular among russians here , but many of them use facebook as well . 
  i 'd like to know how they measure the data . 
  i know do n't how vk works , does it link constantly link to new places ( unlike facebook which scrolls ) or are russians ' web trends somehow over-represented , but it 's not reflecting reality currently . 
  facebook could very well be danish , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  these cold war comparisons are incredibly stupid and for the sake of honesty , even if i was forced to pick , yes i 'd go for usa because it is arguably a country i share more values with , not to mention a lot less corrupt , more free etc. 
  knowing what an incredibly poisonous network of propaganda is russian media nowadays , there 's just nothing that would attract . 
  now why i mentioned this problem is that it 's very relevant in my country as a quarter of the population are ethnic russians and a lot of them live in different information world . 
  that even includes social media . 
  considering facebook is most popular social network in most of the world , while vkontakte only in russophone post-soviet areas , it 's definitely not some usa vs russia thing here . 
  makes sense . 
  by the way , how has the share of social media platforms changed in time ? 
  has facebook been gaining recently ? 
  well , the remaining ruins were taken down and former residents were not allowed to return . 
  of course , they * might * not have done that if the town would have not been bombed , but i just brought an example how such a simple problem like estonians protesting could have been `` solved '' . 
   how many regular ukrainians you know who use facebook ? 
  i know zero . 
  same with russians and kazakhs . 
  facebook is used only in special circumstances or by politicians/businessmen . 
  it 's actually absurd how post-soviet countries live in such an isolated , russian-dominated information world . 
  i mean , we actually had to create facebook profiles for some of our russian colleagues here to communicate because estonians use facebook exclusively . 
  so now they have different social media platforms to access these different worlds . 
   as you can see , greece consistently had social expenditures below average for the eu , until 2012 when the banking crisis and the austerity measures wrecked its economy . 
  sure , that 's why they had to reflect the reality of greek economy and come down just as the economic activity had dropped . 
   how the hell did they think estonians would n't go insane with anger at the idea of levelling to what amounts to 800 years of our cultural history ? 
  if you ethnically cleanse the town from estonians , there 's noone who could complain . 
  then build a soviet town instead and bring in immigrants from russia , who 'll forever be loyal to you . 
  that 's basically what they did to narva . 
  i think this is retail price , but the comparison to germany might have been the import price . 
   so my take away is that finland took in 50 000 estonians and until recently their wage growth has been lower than in germany ? 
  is that suppossed to be an argument against me ? 
  are you pretending to be an idiot ? 
  i specifically wrote `` faster '' there . 
   portugal and greece have less of a manufacturing sector and higher average wages , so competition from them is less of a concern . 
  their wages are currently almost exactly the same as in estonia . 
  and mind you , they can also overtake non-manufacturing jobs . 
   the rest is easily made up by increasing tradei with russia again . 
  in 2015 we took a drop of 20 billion for entirely idiotic reasons . 
  so if russia is in a war , you would easily continue exporting there ? 
  you could really use your brain once in a while . 
  and trade with russia tumbled in 2015 largely because it 's a resource economy and ruble tumbled with oil , making german products a lot more expensive . 
   wladimir old boy i propose a trade . 
  we will pretend not to notice anything beyond our eastern border and in return we get a priority deal in the development of new gas fields and friendship prices for our imports . 
  ah , trump my old friend . 
  i propose you invade germany once again and make them behave . 
  you mean like that ? 
  stop pretending there 's even any chance of anything like that happening . 
  it 's your own complexes towards cee . 
  you can never predict how long the economic cycles are . 
  i mean , we recently had great depression vol 2 ( 2008-2009 ) , but that does n't mean we 'll now have 70 years of growth with only minor crises . 
  we could easily have next one in 2030 , for example . 
   germany is a particularly hard hit example because we have not only china on our tail but also you people next to us . 
  no because germany itself has taken such a path . 
  other european economies took a [ different path ] ( https://professionalserviceshr.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/graph.jpg ) . 
  finland , for example , has nearly 50 ' 000 estonian workers and yet the government recently pushed for no more wage growth because their wages rose faster than in sweden and germany , and that took away their competitiveness . 
  you obviously have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  you are making some random associations based on your xenophobia . 
   eliminating you from the eu and increasing trade barriers or introducing legislation to fix wage and social dumping eu-wide will not fix that magically but it will improve the situation . 
  one tumor at a time .
