  wow . 
  amazing . 
  such discovery . 
  so how are the evil easterners again not allowing you to trade with russia ? 
  if they reach 3 % , it would be fastest since 2001 . 
  and it 's possible they will reach such numbers next quarter . 
   fundamentally we have a common market but not a common legislation , which is a recipe for disaster , even if it might currently benefit your side . 
  we have a rather strong trade deficit with germany , but do n't let facts get in the way of you . 
   sure they do and when german jobs move abroad , to say eastern europe , it will be no skin of their nose either . 
  you have 2nd lowest unemployment rate in eu and you whine about german jobs moving abroad ? 
  what ? 
   better idea we jettisone the dead-weight in the east , re-establish trade barriers with you , trade with russia again and take the free money and decreased economic pressure to improve our own living standards . 
  so am i going too far by estimating you have some russian heritage ? 
  because there 's no way a normal german would have so much hate for cee and love for russia for no clear reason , as well as pushing absolutely contradictory statements on how germany somehow `` loses '' from current eu . 
   then it 's time we address if this pillar is in the interest of a great many citiziens of the eu , namely the ones in the west . 
  or youcan wait until the anti-eu parties are doing it for you . 
  if europeans are annoyed by educated workers of similar culture coming to work in their countries , they 're xenophobic morons and there 's no point for eu with such people anyway . 
  but as it is now , germany is taking even millions of non-eu people of foreign culture and the government is more popular than ever . 
  this `` euro causes prices to rise '' is the most bullshit argument , yet it seems to be rather common . 
  prices did rise fast in 2011 , when estonia adopted the euro , but when one looks at world food and commodity prices , as well as fast economic growth of that time , it would have happened with any currency . 
  meanwhile , we had actually negative inflation from 2014 -- 2016 . 
  then , even if the euro causes inflation to go up by like 0.2 % , it 's irrelevant . 
  to a certain level , inflation is actually necessary for the economy . 
  european central bank has been trying to raise inflation consistently for the past years . 
  i understand the problem of no exchange rate fluctuation compared to your trade partners , which should reflect the economic situation , but the `` euro makes prices high '' is complete bullshit . 
  do you mean those `` wacky eastern europeans '' that work in wealthier western european countries ? 
  it 's their right granted by the freedom of movement , which is one of the pillars of eu . 
  it 's stupid to see how many are comparing it to non-eu ( illegal ) immigrants . 
  if for example , germany does n't see a difference , it 's their own problem . 
  europeans have given free movement only to selected countries , not all people in the world . 
  lol , you 're from germany and whine how bad you have it ? 
  have n't you noticed how your economy has been probably one of the biggest beneficiaries of eu , surrounded by a giant free export market ? 
  in economic output per capita , germany has clearly taken over finland , japan , uk and france . 
  the fact that your government has opted for export cometitiveness before rising wages is purely your own country 's choice . 
  besides , a lot of eu members are actually asking you to rise wages , so germany would have bigger domestic demand . 
   her previously working with the \u00d6ine vahtkond what ? 
  i have n't heard of that . 
   her obsession with the 9th may celebrations i do n't think it 's obsession . 
  i think in her mind , she tries to unite estonians and russians . 
  and she thinks going to the `` russian commemoration '' , she 's taking the first step . 
  she just forgets that it 's not estonians unwilling to accept russian celebrations . 
  the fact that those celebrations are very much connected with occupation of estonia is the problem . 
  we do n't see much room to make compromises here , soviet union is enemy of republic of estonia and end of story . 
  you ca n't fly blue-black-white and red hammer and sickle at the same time . 
  and it 's something russians should respect . 
  well , at least that 's how it works in my mind . 
   the whole party is just still going with the same pro-russian battleplan . 
  i think they 're strongly split actually , but they do n't want to break the party apart . 
  keskerakond has enjoyed stable high support for years . 
  scandals , crimes etc , their support never drops below a certain level . 
  it 's benefiting both sides , by the way , as pro-russians would never be most popular party in estonia . 
  but the cracks are very visible . 
  i , for example , would be willing to vote for them only if they split . 
  i wo n't give a vote for them if i ca n't be sure it does n't go to some putinist . 
   time and time again they 've pushed out the non-kneebenders out of the levers of power together with the same pro-kremlin bunch . 
  i think that was during savisaar reign . 
  with ratas-simson-reps , things have changed . 
  it 's yana toom that has had some warnings this time . 
  she 's quite different from savisaar , though . 
  unlike savisaar , she 's rather straightforward about her views . 
  she does n't even pretend to be likeable to estonians . 
  i mean , she hinted about bronze night that estonians were `` exploiting the event '' and they should accept the violence , looting and stealing as normal part of protests because `` it 's normal in paris , stockholm or london '' . 
  ( which it is n't and even if it was , there 's no way i 'd want to make it normal here ) . 
  to me , she 's a pro-putin bitch full of herself . 
  and if she 's supposed to be representative of russians in estonia , i have to say she sure has managed to leave a disgusting impression . 
  she 's like the leader of anti-integration . 
  you 're talking about the belgrade waterfront project , i assume ? 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/business.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=10&amp;dd=19&amp;nav_id=95764 ) , the prices of apartments would be around 5 ' 000 $ / sqm . 
  i do n't know about belgrade real estate prices , but new apartments by tallinn seaside , next to old town ( probably the most prestigious area in the city ) are 3 ' 000 $ / sqm , so it really seems strongly overpriced , if correct . 
  who would you name as such ? 
  i do n't think there are others quite like him at this point . 
  maybe i just see free speech as something wider than you do . 
  imo , it definitely includes the impartiality of the public broadcaster . 
  tvp is financed from the budget , so it 's in an unequal position compared to private channels by nature . 
  it 's definitely not in compliance with free speech to exploit that in the benefit of the government party . 
  well , okay , we 're clear here then . 
  it 's just i have a rather different experience of public broadcasters from this region . 
  for example , nordic countries have tv-tax to make their public broadcasters independent . 
  the state ca n't change their funding , so they have no ( direct ) leverage over them . 
  in estonia , the members of council of the public broadcaster are named by each parliament fraction . 
  the funding is still from budget , but that still needs approval of parliament , so again , government ca n't take any unilateral moves . 
  probably , i mean considering what countries some of the people come from , there 's probably not much more to find out . 
  your argument is basically that everything is biased to some extent , so does n't matter if it 's wiadomosci-style or finnish yleisradio style , you will have to follow other news anyway . 
  then , what 's the point of public broadcaster ? 
  why should taxpayers fund government propaganda ? 
  let them only have private media and everything would work the same way as you wrote , with more money saved in the budget . 
   anyhow , the news tend to follow the biases of the owners of a news outlet , and it 's healthy to keep that in mind while consuming them . 
  the people that write the news are not somehow brain-controlled by the owners , though . 
  if there 's a proper free speech and culture of unbiased reporting , i can trust that the reporter tries to be fair and writes stuff correctly . 
  of course , if there are some issues with the company itself , they most likely wo n't cover them or cover them biasedly . 
   there 's no such thing as `` unbiased news '' . 
  not 100 % , of course . 
  there 's always the human factor . 
  but it 's quite a big difference from a political party mouthpiece . 
   but you need to diversify your news sources to get anything resembling an accurate picture . 
  you ca n't rely only on a one source , expecting that they will always spoon-feed you high quality , unbiased and truthful news - doing that is the best recipe to achieving the exact opposite outcome . 
  of course i diversify my news sources , i do n't watch tv news only . 
  but what i meant is who would be going swapping channels and then trying to put something together from propaganda pieces ? 
  if that 's how it works , i just would n't watch them at all . 
  oh , makes sense then .
