  that 's what you 'd think if their identity made sense . 
  most of the russians here came to build glorious communism , now majority declares themselves orthodox in a country full of mostly agnostic people . 
  oh , but soviet union is still a liberator . 
  we 're the lucky ones to have had finland and sweden next door to help us out , but others have it so bad that life is economically still worse than in 1980s . 
  have you looked at how ex-ussr has been doing ? 
  unless they 're lucky to have oil or other vast natural resources ( or have joined eu ) , they have most likely still not fully recovered from the 90s crisis . 
  it would be better for the humanity in general if central asia , or moldova or ukraine would n't have fallen so sharply . 
  we 're exceptions anyway , but even we could have it milder when it comes to economic restructuring . 
  i honestly do n't think it would have worked even that way . 
  but the dissolution should have been slower and milder for sure . 
  i was going to be disappointed that estonia has no medals but then i noticed finland and latvia are n't in the table either . 
  * schadenfreude * saves the day . 
  it 's the oil . 
  typical for arab states . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say lithuanian economy is strongly skewed towards companies . 
  businesses are doing well , but that 's not being transferred to workers . 
  gdp is going up nicely , but at the same time , the salaries are still low and people continue to emigrate . 
  lithuania has lost more people than population of tallinn since joining eu . 
  this also statistically increases gdp per capita . 
  i think not blocking russian channels is a better option . 
  i mean , we 're dealing with people who have often religious feelings towards kremlin . 
  if we 're forcing them to choose between ` us ' and ` them ' , they might easily go for the latter . 
  at the very least we could hold western values like media freedom at a high priority . 
  besides , how much does blocking tv even work nowadays with almost all households having internet access in estonia ? 
  and internet freedom is one thing where , again , estonia leads . 
   but in russia you can be gay and seek other people like minded to have a healthy lifestyle and wont be targeted . 
  unless you 're a famous artist or a wealthy person living in central st. petersburg or moscow , that 's most likely not the case . 
  an example , the head of russian-annexed crimea , says this about gays : * homosexuals have no chance in crimea . 
  we in crimea do not need such people . 
  if gays tried to hold public gatherings , our police and self-defense forces will react immediately and in three minutes will explain to them what kind of sexual orientation they should stick to . 
  * so that 's a step further from the `` propaganda law '' and directly threatening them with violence . 
   why do we need to have movies and laws that promote it ? 
  is it promoting or just showing it exists ? 
  it 's for gay people to feel that it 's okay to be such . 
  they ca n't really do anything about it , so what else are you going to do than make them accept that ? 
   i get that you love each other but no gays can ever have children which means they can never give the state the same payout as a traditional family . 
  neither can an infertile couple , for example . 
  others just do n't have children . 
  so should they also be punished ? 
  we 're western world here , the interests of individuals come first . 
  we have different support mechanisms for children , couples are not obliged to have them . 
   you can adopt which is fantastic but in those cases the rates of those children being gay or trans increases exponentially so risk is being created . 
  is that a proven thing ? 
  also , how big is the share of such children ? 
   i detest the degradation of the state and family and promoting being gay does nothing but harm taxpayers and libertarians . 
  ca n't agree with that at all . 
  you wo n't turn people straight by limiting their rights and even if you went full oppression by forcing them to be with opposite sex , these people would create very unhappy marriages . 
  you brought out the suicide rate , now your own views would only increase that . 
  you 'd create more unhappy , less productive people . 
  you know , it sounds so harmless . 
  in russia , `` gays have all the rights , they ca n't just make propaganda '' . 
  it 's basically state-sanctioned discrimination . 
  the state says it clearly that gays are not normal and might even be harmful to children . 
  russia is not very liberal in general and what do you think such statements mean ? 
  it means the aggressive , chauvinist part of the community will find it acceptable to degrade and even physically harm such `` degenerates '' . 
  i mean , even the state says they 're freaks . 
   the west has an incredibly low birth rate and suicide rates within the gay community are much higher than the standard population . 
  be gay in your own time , go to a bar or club that supports it . 
  dont do it in a public square or advertise it on a billboard . 
  just wow . 
  how is birth rate even related here ( do you think discriminating gays will turn them straight ) ? 
  and suicide rates will definitely not improve by making their lives more miserable . 
  also , how the hell can one `` be gay '' in a time of their choice ? 
  do you think it 's some trend one chooses to follow ? 
  relations surely play a role . 
  baltics are definitely a lot more sensitive in these issues as russia still has n't admitted occupation of baltic countries and is generally extremely chauvinist regarding soviet crimes against baltic citizens . 
  so sure , we are a lot more prone to recognize its crimes against its neighbours as we assume russia always denies or belittles these and whitewashes its actions . 
   most russians see him more negative than positive not according to the very same poll i linked . 
  it 's 46 % positive vs 21 % negative . 
   the official position of the russian government is to condemn his crimes like the official position of russian government is for peace and cooperation in europe ? 
  if words and actions do n't align , that 's what happens . 
  okay , it 's a hyperbole , but not that wrong nevertheless . 
  it 's 46 % being positive and only 21 % being negative . 
  like russians do by [ worshipping stalin ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/02/15/positive-views-of-stalin-among-russians-reach-16-year-high-poll-shows/?utm_term=.dfd9cffa7781 ) ? 
  sorry but that claim about `` russians suffered too '' always sounds idiotic if russians see those times positively . 
  i 'd understand having nostalgic/positive view towards soviet union in general , but liking freaking stalin , one of the most murderous human beings in history , is just disgusting . 
  in estonian : * gruusia ( and georgians , please do n't ask us to call it * georgia * , as it sound extremely similar to * geiorgia * - gay orgy ) * aserbaid\u017eaan * armeenia, 
  what ? 
  i thought * tibla * comes from '' \u0442\u044b , \u0431\u043b\u044f\u0434\u044c '' ? 
  could also be something about boats , as * vene * is boat in archaic estonian / modern finnish . 
  the weather here is often even not good enough for a simple walk for 6 months a year . 
  when you have blizzard showering in your face while having to walk through wet snow , you 'd not want to spend even 10 seconds outside . 
  sure , but compared to them , even germany is tiny . 
  population of poland is bigger than lithuania , latvia , estonia , finland , sweden , norway , denmark and iceland combined . 
  that 's definitely not ` small ' . 
  pride parades do n't have to be over-sexualized and displaying fetishes , though . 
  i especially doubt anything like that would appear in estonia . 
  to make the `` disgusting pervert '' image , you absolutely need anti-lgbt people to cherrypick the most provocative pictures and make the necessary connections and comments . 
  this works especially well in former ussr , of course , as men having sex was criminalized right next to paedophilia in ussr ( at least in estonian ssr criminal code , that was the case ) . 
  for example , there is reykjavik pride which is really a public event at this point , with massive participation , including cops and politicians . 
  a very friendly and supportive environment celebrating the freedoms of the society . 
  icelanders are free to expand on this , but that 's the impression i got when i read about it . 
  as someone not having lived in ussr a single day and who considers estonia part of the western world at this point , i find it difficult to connect with the soviet-era generations . 
  i mean , they should have learnt it by now that you wo n't solve problems soviet-style by sweeping them under the rug . 
  it starts with some unnecessary comments on putin anyway . 
  estonia is more or less well-connected . 
  we can import/export electricity from/to finland , russia and latvia . 
  latvian connection is also going to be upgraded , that 's the biggest ( smallest ? ), 
  bottleneck right now . 
  why is it ` funny ' that russian whites were allies of us ?
