  so today , it 's easier to go to portugal than to our own islands just 30 years ago !, 
  going outside the soviet union even into the eastern bloc countries such as czechoslovakia was rare and going beyond the iron curtain was something exclusive to selected few , such as very famous artists , politicians etc. 
  i do n't understand why this question arises . 
  the problems are exactly the same as for the creation of schengen - for an even easier movement in europe . 
  it 's more convenient for travellers , profitable for companies and it saves taxpayers ' money . 
  good for your time , wallet and european integration overally . 
  well , then eu should n't adopt a foreign kid who already has a mother , right ? 
  that 's one of the main issues blocking integration . 
  i mean , if you do n't want to be treated as a foreign invader , you should not act like one . 
  and may 9th [ russia 's victory day - a lot of estonian russians celebrate soviet victory and wave russian & soviet flags , wear the colorado beetle ribbon that 's associated with putin 's chauvinism etc ] sure is a `` great '' annual event for them to remind us that they truly do * not * belong here . 
  i mean , even if baltics had some huge strategic importance , even slightest attempts of russian military intervention in baltics is extremely unrealistic . 
  not only is there no real support among local russians ( mostly because of better life quality ) , there is the important security guarantee of eu and nato membership , especially the latter . 
  putin would n't dare to risk with a war with usa ( especially now as there 're us troops in baltics ) and complete shutdown from european economy . 
  oh , and we do n't have a russian military base in our territory that could be used against us . 
  a strategy russia probably uses is firstly a more wider policy of trying to create tensions in eu and nato , therefore weakening the blocks , and secondly , tries to hold baltic russians firmly in russian information sphere so they could be exploited for kremlin 's needs . 
  oh my god , you nazis !, 
  why is n't german the 2nd state language in israel ?!, 
  we are an ethnic minority here !, 
  ! 1 who cares about what happened in past , we did not do that . 
  damn , those israeli news are so full of lies , only berlin tells the truth . 
  yeah , sounds retarded . 
  a bit overly dramatic ( i personally know nobody who 'd actually be scared of an invasion , we 're just alerted and reacting mostly symbolically - that russia 's aggression will have reaction ) , but for vice - not too bad , actually . 
  i know , although i 'm sure same applies to most of central and eastern europe . 
  considering that the flow of refugees wo n't stop just because eu fails to agree on resettlement , i think there would be some considerably tougher measures . 
  that really did n't answer the question . 
  and if they wo n't accept ? 
  so if everybody has agreed on willingly redistributing refugees between themselves , why are we even discussing it ? 
  i just think it 's quite clear that there are so many refugees with more coming , and germany-sweden have already reversed their open door policies so it wo n't be a surprise that pressure will start building up . 
  there 's a difference between accepting asylum seekers and letting them forcefully be placed there by a foreign entity . 
  national legislation does matter . 
  in the end , the constitution of each particular member states can be more powerful than eu law . 
  we have agreed to harmonize laws and national legislation should follow eu laws , but in theory , member states can challenge eu laws if it 's against their constitution . 
  that 's because constitutions are voted by people , but eu laws are not , they are the highest written source of law . 
  afaik , that has been even used once by slovakia . 
  anyway , the point here is * if * there are two colliding acts , then usually the more concrete one would be followed . 
  that 's a general rule with the continental law system . 
  i really do n't see any specific points there , they * are * vague . 
  dublin agreement is more specific in that regard . 
  these are all extremely vague points that would most likely run against some other points in either eu legislation itself or national ones in case of mandatory quotas . 
  actually , we have the dublin regulation which states that the country where migrants first enter is responsible for them . 
  so if we followed treaties , we would n't have to take even a single refugee , unless they came from russia . 
   there 's a lot of people in ** america ** who do n't appreciate my friendship with vladimir putin america ? 
  i think we appreciate it even less . 
  there was a scandal in estonia last year as seagal 's musical performance was cancelled because of his support for putin and annexation of crimea ( which resulted in major public outcry ) . 
  actually , i think it 's not about the number and not even about whether migrants could actually benefit us or become a burden . 
  it 's the fact that it 's considered normal by some to forcefully change the ethnic composition of the countries in the union , even if according to them , it is for humanitarian reasons , and only `` a few percentage points '' ( note that they never ever mention the final number because they know the problem will not disappear next year and more and more people illegally come to europe ) . 
  i would myself support helping migrants and think estonia , for example , is capable of housing a few hundred easily , but i 'd refuse any forceful placements , even a single one . 
  that 's just one area i 'd never trust brussels in and would not want to give away our sovereignity . 
  is that what happened in kalevala ? 
  because these are two neighbouring countries with close cultural , political , historical and economical ties , with similar geographical size and position and roughly similar population density , both not only in the same economic bloc ( eu ) , but also in a closer cooperational group ( nordic countries ) . 
  finland and sweden both have also followed similar path in the recent decades and are generally on a rather comparable economic level , with no major differences in economic structure . 
  also because we like to compare ourselves to similar countries . 
  that 's insanely strong for sweden and it 's surprising how the gap between finland and sweden seems to be getting larger and larger . 
  well , at least sweden 's our # 1 export partner so some good news for us too . 
  no need , spruce is very common here . 
  in fact , maybe we got a bit bored by seeing the same tree every year . 
  there 's a difference between some bashing and calling the entire country a ` failed state ' . 
  belgium gets quite a lot of bashing for its ethnic division leading to dysfunctions in some areas , but the country is still generally a developed and successful one . 
  if somebody called czech republic a failed state , i 'd most certainly argue against that . 
  well , but currency depreciation is also the main reason for fall in sales in russia , so it still explains it . 
   i do n't really see it as the eeevil russkii propaganda that it 's made out to be it depends on the topic . 
  i have yet to see a single story about baltics that does n't portray them as nazi-glorifying russian-discriminating decaying hellholes . 
  if it does n't include tablets , then pc sales overally are declining in the world as they 're being replaced by the former . 
  so maybe this number looks worse than it actually is . 
  yeah , it 's not like our demographics were better during soviet era either when the popuation growth was almost only due to mass immigration from the east which caused huge social tensions in the society . 
  demographics is not only about population increase , you know . 
  but this only talks about people in kazakhstan . 
  thanks , that was quite on par with what impression i 've had about them . 
  too bad that learning finnish would still mean you 'd have to learn estonian , though  . 
  i do n't know if you are able to estimate that , but would you say finnish and estonian are more similar to each other than latvian and lithuanian , or less ? 
  wow , estonia sucks there . 
  but because latvia sucks even worse , i 'll take the ~ ~ easy ~ ~ only true way and blame russkies for their ignorance and dragging our otherwise perfect results down . 
  do n't forget an important point with quotas - some migrants will have a better life quality than others just because of some official 's random / extremely subjective decision . 
  a nice base for social tension and frustration among both the migrants and the host countries . 
  it 's not that much of having overtaken them , greece 's economy has just collapsed , so they 've dropped behind us . 
  let 's see , eu budget is around 1 % of eu 's gdp , and not all of it is redistribution of wealth , so let 's say about 0.8 % . 
  so , if we talk about solidarity , we 'll have to accept our fair share of refugees . 
  exactly 0.8 % of the total amount . 
  i 'd be totally fine with that . 
  sounds fair to you , no ? 
  actually , i 'm disappointed that the church 's status is how it is today . 
  fortunately , it is owned by tallinn , but it has been rented to russian orthodox church for 99 year for free . 
  of course , i would oppose demolishing it , it 's a historical building and a beautiful one . 
  however , i do n't see it acceptable that the church has been given to a foreign religious body which formation is not even certain to be legal !, 
  there is the estonian orthodox church which is based on continuity of the pre-wwii one , which used to own it back then . 
  anyway , it 's part of the broader fight between estonian orthodox church and russian orthodox church in estonia . 
  the first one separated from russia when estonia got independent back in 1920s and realigned themselves to constantinople . 
  russian church refuses to recognize this and claims they have the `` historical right '' over governing the orthodox people of estonia . 
  well , know that , nobody wants that shit putinist extreme conservative russian chauvinists here and estonia separated from russia nearly a century ago . 
  somebody could make that clear for them . 
  meh , all the towns have standard christmas trees and no town in estonia will beat [ tallinn ] ( http://www.christmasmarket.ee/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/tallinn-christmas-market.jpeg ) or [ tartu ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/upload/iblock/09e/tartu2.jpg ) anyway , so it 's only positive some try something different . 
  oh , and also my home town ( or at least the nearest town to my home ) , so i 'm a bit biased . 
  edit : also , they have n't added the lights yet so it 's not even finished . 
  and then we have you , who sometimes accuses whole west of being hypocritical assholes who have ruined the world and russia should isolate itself from them , then at some other times , it 's only the russophobic baltics and poland actually blocking the `` sane and level-headed '' relations what western europe would actually want . 
  oh , and then we have the mastermind usa which is forcing its ideology on europe against europeans ' interests and without them , europe and russia would be best buddies in the world . 
  make up your mind on the issue already . 
  nah , daesh is just a terrorist organization by definition , they were already enemies of europe before paris attacks . 
  what 's happening now is no surprise after you invade and annex part of your neighbour 's territories . 
  energy import and power grid are two different things . 
  estonia actually produces more electricity than consumes , and we are a net exporter to russia .
