   russia is improving its transparency international corruption rating every year . 
  is it ? 
  seems more like stagnating to me , while already being on africa 's levels . 
  for some perspective : corruption perception index : russia , 2012 , score : 28 russia , 2015 , score : 29 dat progress , you 've improved as much as ukraine . 
  meanwhile , estonia , 2012 , score : 64 estonia , 2015 , score : 70 poland , 2012 , score : 58 poland , 2015 , score : 62 egypt , 2012 , score : 32 egypt , 2015 , score : 36 . 
  i 'm glad that finland has a president that does n't appear to live in imaginary la-la-land ( like most politicians in sweden ) * and * who dares to speak the truth . 
  europe ca n't follow every single point of international agreements and human rights if it results in destruction of european integration achievements , unsustainable pressure on countries ' social systems and explosion in ethnic , cultural and religious conflicts . 
  for once , we should act by how we see best , ignoring the criticism of different foundations and ngos that lack sense of reality , and maybe put europeans first and foreigners only second in our priorities . 
  okay . 
  i took a look at soviet-era enterprises in estonia and such names were not used here even then . 
  i guess that 's why it seemed weird . 
   ukrkhimtransammiak why do you have so weird names for companies in russia/ukraine/belarus ? 
  sure , it 's all us fault , not like there were locals that rose up against the government , which caused a civil war and among all that mess , some mad people used the situation to form an wannabe-state based extremism . 
  i mean , even without us involvement , you could never say how things could have gone . 
   biggest regions in our vicinity into a complete de-stabilsed mess are you implying that middle east was stable before us involvement ? 
  from a european point of view , obama has done a lot more to keep eu safe and has increased military presence here to oppose russian aggression as opposed to germany 's stance of `` let 's ignore them , we need them as business partners '' . 
  oh , and importing millions of foreigners to europe , that is rapidly creating ethnic tensions in europe is definitely a big fat no when it comes to security . 
  it is obliged to pour money into moldova at least to the extent that people there would have all the required services , at least minimum pensions and salaries for public employees and romania would need to invest money to replace state structures there . 
  that 's the minimum romania has to do to annex it and it would already improve moldova 's position . 
  however , it 's unlikely they would then just ignore the region , if moldova 's infrastructure is considerably worse off than rest of the country , it only makes sense it receives more investments to somewhat balance the inequality , but also to improve economy there . 
  considering moldovans ' pensions and earnings would become closer to that of romanians ( at least to those of state-set minimums ) , the region as being poorer would be a net receiver from romania 's budget , the basic infrastructure would most likely be upgraded to better connect to rest of romania , they would need to ditch spending on anything related to being a state ( parliament , government , police , borders , foreign relations etc ) and replace them with just regional spendings , it would most certainly mean moldova would become richer . 
  that seems really strange . 
  i mean , okay , i understand giving up one 's state has some emotional pain in it , but seriously , it 's moldova , known as the poorest country in europe . 
  looking at the speed of reforms and change in moldova , as well as troubles with economy and corruption , it 's safe to assume that the fastest way to get to the eu would be annexation by romania . 
  i also ca n't see any other viable alternatives for the country , * status quo * would n't help at all , alliance with russia is not viable ( why prefer a falling and considerably smaller economy ) and not even applicable with ukraine in the way . 
  romania , on the other hand , despite being considerably better off than moldova , is still a poor country for eu standards . 
  absorbing moldova would require some considerable financial resources , and even if eu aided with some , it would still mean romanians contributing some of their own wealth . 
  if i were a moldovan , i 'd push heavily for annexation , but if i were a romanian , i 'd really see what kind of a deal the eu would offer first . 
   why is everyone looking forward to this ? 
  i do n't know , i certainly would n't want to live next door to a failed state . 
  it 's actually a miracle it did n't . 
  i mean , if we look at yugoslavia , which was actually a better functioning country than ussr and the ethnic clashes that followed its collapse , it 's a mystery how ussr did n't end that way . 
  although , it 's actually as if the results are showing now , just think of conflicts with russia-georgia , russia-ukraine , azerbaijan-armenia , transnistria-moldova etc. 
  we are damn lucky to end up in eu and nato and be safeguarded from that mess . 
  he definitely deserves it more than merkel . 
  oh dear , i had no idea finnish economy was in such condition already :d, 
  statistics estonia tells another story . 
  net migration was -1400 in 2014 and just -100 in 2015 , which means net immigration is possible this year . 
  i also ca n't see a reason for an upshift in emigration considering rising living standards and lowest unemployment in 7 years . 
  i wonder what are they basing the estimation that estonia will have a negative cumulative migration by 2080 and yet bulgaria positive ? 
  you 're underestimating how shitty the place is - i mean , it 's bad even for a russian province ( which tallinn was for quite a while in the past ) . 
  most of the boring main building has been rented for businesses and only a small room has been left for passengers . 
  the other building intially built for commute trains is completely taken over by some cheap shops . 
  and then there 's some weird 90s style businesses near by . 
  the platforms have no roofs or anything . 
  it 's a miracle they even managed to place electronic screens there . 
  and this is all without the homeless . 
  it just does n't serve the interests of passengers . 
  it was probably the result of declining train travelling in the past , but since estonia has since had heavy upgrades in both rail and trains , the passenger numbers have gone up by nearly 50 % . 
  i think it 'd be the time to take down the current crap and build a proper station there finally . 
  damn , you know the place better than i do . 
  well he sure seems to think so . 
   were drinking their booze at the train station the infamous * balti jaam * , uh ? 
  it 's the biggest shame of tallinn in my opinion . 
  it 's not even a proper train station ( potentially one of the ugliest and useless central stations in europe ) , it has some weird remnants of 90s kiosk-businesses and it 's a gathering place for hobos and drunkards . 
  and it 's right next to old town . 
  fortunately , it does not seem it can survive much longer that way . 
  it has * kalamaja * on the other side , which has become one of the most popular places of tallinn , with active real estate business . 
  then , telliskivi , right next to it , is turning into some art , youth and hipster district . 
  and they 've just started on renewing the market of * balti jaam * . 
  if only they could now build a proper central station there , too . 
  i am not aware of any recent such events , but googling gave [ this article ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/2975934/smugglers-built-vodka-pipeline.html ) . 
  i know estonian tax board has become rather strict on smuggling over the russian border and at the same time , conflict with ukraine has intensified border control , so i guess the good times are over for the smugglers . 
  well , it used to have a majority of estonians with a significant russian-speaking minority , today it 's like 98 % russian-speaking . 
  the thing is that basically the whole town was bombed town . 
  it was a town like [ this ] ( http://www.estinst.ee/publications/hip2/img2/narva.jpg ) and a [ soviet-type town ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5e/narva_old_town_2009.jpg/640px-narva_old_town_2009.jpg ) was built instead . 
  notice the one preserved building ? 
  well , not much more remained , apart from a few churches and a few buildings . 
  and nope , the former inhabitants were not given these new apartments , russians from russia were brought to live there instead . 
   either way , estonia seemed very polarized to me . 
  either a person/family was well off financially , or they were struggling . 
  interestingly enough , eurostat [ claims ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/material_deprivation_statistics_-_early_results ) that estonia is one of the least materially deprived country in eu . 
  that 's a very subjective method to measure welfare , of course , but one impression i 've had myself is that estonia does n't have much of those who 'd struggle with basics . 
  i mean , there are plenty of those who ca n't afford a decent car , living space , travelling etc. 
  but people who could n't afford meat or are unable to pay the utilities ( and these are not small in estonia ) are surprsignly rare . 
  then again , considering that tens of thousands of estonians work in nordic countries ( mainly in finland ) , they tend to compare us to nordics , which makes us look rather poor indeed . 
   it will probably be implemented in the u.s first haha , that 's a nice one . 
  christianity was also imposed on us . 
  let 's destroy all the churches ? 
   your obsession of being a nordic country/culture is quite cult-like . 
  [ our pm 2 days ago ] ( https://twitter.com/taaviroivas/status/693176081927532545 ) after kelly sildaru became the youngest winner of winter x-games . 
  notice the hashtags . 
  just learning from the best , you know . 
  those swedes have not been very acceptive of anti-immigration policies , for example . 
   we can conserve it and move it to a different location what ? 
  that would be firstly incredibly expensive and secondly , the building would lose its historical significance and symbolism . 
   it belongs to the orthodox church - the state should n't take it from them , however it should remove the church . 
  it belongs to city of tallinn , actually . 
  russian church is only renting it . 
   it was designed to be a symbol of occupation , it does n't fit into the old town and it is insulting for many estonians . 
  it 's been standing there for over a century , from the creation of estonian state through all the events up to today . 
  it * is * part of old town now and we really should n't be so emotional about it . 
  i mean , our culture is so heavily influenced by historical powers that it 's next to impossible to judge what is estonian enough for us . 
  i ca n't agree . 
  i think it adds something unique to tallinn . 
  it 's a cool symbol of divided christianity . 
  and let 's be honest , estonia is full of symbols of foreign powers , it 's difficult to even count them . 
  yes , it 's in a very intrusive place as right next to the parliament but it 's been that way for over a century already . 
  as i said in a previous comment , maybe it 'd be worth discussing to convert it into a public museum or sth like that , like hagia sophia ? 
  that discussion has been held in 1920s and 1930s already - if estonia did n't demolish it even during the nationalism of 1930s , there 's no reason we should do it now .
