  just like soviets ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand russians celebrate soviet victory , they paid a high price for that . 
  but the story is very soggy here , they invaded us through a pact with nazis and carried out heavy repressions and then `` forgot '' to leave for nearly half a century . 
  it 's not possible for us to see them us liberators . 
  i have nothing against celebrating allied victory , which we kinda do on 8th may . 
  but why would we do that with soviet union in particular ? 
   wanting to blow up soviet monuments is understandable because they became symbols of subsequent occupation . 
  however , more civilized approach is just to remove them from public places . 
  actually , we have n't even been * that * active in removing them , not to mention not having talks about blowing anything up . 
  lenins are gone , sure , street names are back to pre-wwii , but most of monuments to red army have stayed . 
   `` putin is the greatest leader , '' igor lobin , the 48-year-old owner of a narva car shop , said to the worldpost . 
  he added that he was prepared to defend the russian leader if necessary . 
  if only there was a river you could cross and then actually live in a country led by such a great leader . 
   boris abramov , a 51-year-old businessman who , like his father before him , served in the soviet army , expressed exasperation at what he described as nato fueling tensions by placing u.s. soldiers and multinational air force units on estonian soil . 
  `` i just want them to leave , '' abramov said . 
  well , too bad , but a majority of estonians support nato troops and people like you make us support them even more . 
   his voice grew impassioned as he spoke of the scale of soviet losses in world war ii . 
  `` i do n't know how to explain it , but for me , the war is not over yet , '' he said . 
  i imagine for you , soviet union is still alive and kicking aswell . 
   for maksimov , a 38-year-old ethnic russian who is between jobs , the decline of the tank was a symbol . 
  he felt the russian side of history , his history , was being written over . 
  and this is the problem with them . 
  this is russian history , not estonian history . 
  you are bringing values and views of a foreign country here and react fiercely when we resist them . 
  this is why the bronze nights and such happen . 
  why are you even living in estonia if you clearly associate with russia ? 
  just to be clear , soviet union invaded and occupied republic of estonia . 
  it 's an enemy of estonia . 
  not to mention it was a bloody brutal dictatorship . 
  we have never had , nor ever will have respect for such regime . 
  if you support it and even worse , its invasion of estonia , you clearly oppose republic of estonia . 
   `` for us , it 's an undividable part of our history . 
  people have to remember what happened and why it happened . 
  people looking at the tank have to remember how big the sacrifice was , '' he said . 
  what sacrifice ? 
  bombing the whole town of narva down ? 
  why would one put a monument to them ? 
  sometimes i feel a temptation to just blow it up , but i 'd rather not fall to soviet level . 
  it was n't even just a disease , two men having sex was a criminal offence in estonian soviet socialist republic , right next to pedophilia in the criminal code . 
  you can imagine why so many of the older generation do n't even make difference between the two . 
  meanwhile , the youth have mostly grown up in a liberal democracy with english and the internet , adopting western values on this question . 
  so / u/sanderrr makes a good point . 
  there 's a massive generational gap here in estonia at least on this particular question , and because we do n't make too many babies , the older generation 's values remain dominant for a long time . 
   because there is no difference in attitude towards lgbt people in both our countries . 
  not all [ polls ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2iwdfa/support_for_gay_marriage_across_europe/ ) give such impression . 
   the younger you are - the more likely you are not to give a fuck . 
  i do n't think apathy towards rights of minorities is the only trend , though . 
  a developed society would care about its own people , not just take a `` meh '' approach . 
  that 's not always the case , though . 
  estonian population was slightly sceptical about joining eu in 2002-2003 ( the government was always strongly pro-eu ) and the 2003 referendum had second lowest result after malta ( 67 % ) . 
  after joining eu , the public support rose fast and has never fallen back to pre-accession levels , despite greek debt crisis , refugee crisis etc. 
   my own views aside , from the perspective of international relations , of course the uk is not going to totally separate its views on nato from its views on trade with baltics . 
  international relations just can not be segmented in that way . 
  i just can not see how making trade between uk and eu difficult is good for nato . 
  nobody here is aiming to make trade between uk and eu difficult , but we 're surely not going to join any support groups for uk . 
  sorry , the united kingdom has been a great partner for estonia in nato , and even supported us in war of independence in 1918-1920 , but some people seem to not understand we 're part of eu . 
  it 's not some kind of a bureaucratic monster governing us . 
  we benefit from it , we depend on it . 
  we 're going to have a negotiation battle and too bad , but uk is going to be on the other side of the table . 
  you chose this . 
   so estonia will work to punish uk , even if uk right now are deploying troops in estonia ? 
  first of all , eu and nato are different organizations and we 're doing what we promised in nato . 
  secondly , no , we do n't want to punish uk and absolutely not are we going to aim for that , but we 're also not going to join some clubs for their support . 
  we are part of eu , so it should be clear which side we 're on in brexit negotiations . 
   big part of investments in estonia exists only because us took your ass in the nato , which also worked as a stepping stone into the eu . 
  nato is more than the usa and how is this even relevant here ? 
  we 're talking about uk in eu and we do n't have any problems with them in nato . 
  we have several countries that are not in eu , but are in nato and vice versa . 
  going back to brexit , do n't forget that latvian and lithuanian emigrants had a noticeable share in the immigrant-hostile sentiment that influenced them to step out of eu . 
  a bit ironic to go supporting the same people now , do n't you think ? 
  nope , i do n't see why we would mix nato with eu . 
  it 's fully in our interests to have a strong united eu . 
  uk is on the other side of the negotiation table , which means we 're going to find a deal that suits * our * interests and if there 's luck , it also suits their . 
  but not necessarily , if uk loses from this , it 's their problem , not ours . 
  also , estonian diaspora in uk is not very big . 
  only if they invaded serbia ( outside kosovo , that is ) . 
  about half of them left in wwi and when estonia became an independent country . 
  that 's because of firstly the war , and secondly , the newly founded state nationalized most of the lands ( germans owned majority of those ) and redistributed them to peasants and war veterans ( that fought for independence ) . 
  some 14 ' 000 germans were resettled to germany in 1939 , as a result of molotov-ribbentrop pact that gave baltics to soviet union , but germans were to be transferred to germany . 
  another 7 ' 000 went to germany when nazis occupied estonia in 1941 . 
  some few who had remained went along with estonians at the mass escape of 1944 when nearly 80 ' 000 people fled estonia . 
  and that 's when basically their centuries long history pretty much came to an end . 
   so then why did you say let it go to me , if you would fight ? 
  because they are not fully comparable . 
  i mean , look at ethnic map of [ estonia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4a/share_of_estonians.png/1024px-share_of_estonians.png ) . 
  russians are mostly only in soviet-era towns or some in the easternmost enclaces or so , but they make up very small share . 
  they do n't even have a clear territory to take . 
  kosovo was already an autonomous region . 
  they knew what they were fighting over . 
  also , when kosovars strived for independence , then estonia would have a case of invasion . 
  i would absolutely fight against an enemy trying to take my territories . 
  oh , and last but not least . 
  kosovo is already separated and you have a bloody fight which everybody remembers . 
  you wo n't just return to life as usual . 
  we would fight , yes . 
  we 're part of nato , not a clear cut losing fight . 
  besides , russians are mostly concentrated in north-eastern estonia , where river separates estonia from russia . 
  it 's not very easy for russia to send help . 
   you still did n't answer my quesiton . if you let eastern estonia go , would you just ` leave it behind ' ? 
  i think i 've said it many times .
