  yeah , yeah . 
  i should have opened rt by now and read about a finno-ugric festival that totally proves the flourishing culture of minorities in glorious russia . 
  meanwhile , the nazi estonia actually demands knowing the state language for getting citizenship !, 
  those monsters !, 
  you mean that kind of russian `` logic '' ? 
   it seems everyone here are all for european integration which means that country 's own independence and culture wont be matter and nobody consider that is bad - otherwise , everyone is willing to give up their national indentity in favor of international solidarity . 
  europe is a continent of mostly nation states and even though it 's becoming more and more international , the nations are not even close to disappearing . 
  actually , i think estonia has gained from eu even in national sense - estonian is an official language of the eu so a lot of documents , information and communication is available in our native language . 
  what is more , estonia has * chosen * the eu path but i do n't think a tiny minority has any say over anything russia does . 
   why do you know english language if it is not your mother tongue , maybe because it is necessary in modern world or was it is anglicisation ? 
  yes , i do * know * english and it * is * necessary for * international * usage , yet it does n't mean i do n't use estonian . 
  it 's still my native tongue and i use it more than english . 
  it 's quite clear small nations must be able to speak bigger languages , but they do n't have to assimilate into one . 
   why such snappishness to russian case ? 
  because it is sad to see the small amount of linguistic relatives vanish and let 's be honest - finno-ugrics * do * vanish , they do n't even transform . 
  estonians and north-western russians are quite close genetically ( largely due to historical finno-ugric influence ) , and yet our societies are so diametrically different we 're close to a cold war . 
  and if you actually analyzed the situation , you 'd realize you choose russian because you would never manage to get anywhere with your own language . 
  meanwhile , i can freely use my mother tongue anywhere in the country , i study in that , i follow news in that , i read product labels in that , i browse my smartphone in that , i speak to people in estonian . 
  the difference is i do not live in russia . 
  yes , logic . 
  if we do not have much information about an ethnic minority that probably we care about the most ( because there are not many finno-ugric countries ) , it 's quite clear the minority is not doing fine . 
   a detailed explanation of this falacious , yet very popular , argument is offered here actually , it did n't even touch the subject i mentioned - and that was the security of id-card , not about structures of e-voting and e-commerce . 
   language is dying because of natural selection , not because of `` russian opression '' . 
  that would be the case for us too if estonia was part of russia . 
  but we are n't , and our culture is thriving and we live better than ever . 
  russia does n't even need to do anything ` oppressive ' - as long as you are a tiny minority in a giant country dominated by one large nation , you will assimilate and your culture will die . 
  that 's why russia is often called ` prison of nations ' . 
   they are simply assimilated not persecuted . 
  they consider themselves russians , just with mixed origin . 
  soo ... that is basically the same as i said - russification . 
  ` simply being assimilated ' means their culture is dying , you know . 
  these are the only areas left their languages are spoken , and they 're disappearing , being replaced by something else . 
  coastal swedes were mainly on tiny island of ruhnu ( between saaremaa and latvia ) and the northern part of * l\u00e4\u00e4nemaa * ( mainland estonia 's westernmost region ) . 
  i guess * saarlased * were too pesky to get along with others ( incl . 
  mainland estonians ) . 
  well , gotland ( * ojamaa * in estonian ) is way closer to them than denmark . 
  that part is not accurate . 
  it 's not like estonia was completely cut off from the world , there were still contacts with others and natural things like trade was present . 
  estonians were not unified indeed and their equipment was far worse than crusaders ' , but metal equipment was definitely present . 
  i 'm quite sure * saarlased * ( natives of * saaremaa * island ) had even lots of equipment from swedes as they had closer contacts with scandinavians . 
  estonia has strongly pushed for electronic public services , and even for e-voting , which is good for image , of course , but also important for efficiency and innovation . 
  it is , however , very important to not forget security while becoming more and more reliant on the internet and computers . 
  i do n't think estonia has done that mistake - for example , nato cyber defence centre was opened in tallinn , and estonia will build eu it-agency building in the following years . 
  that strengthens the country 's security and international position . 
  the report on security of e-voting in estonia is worrying , for sure , but not convincing enough for me . 
  it pretty much states that everything can be exploited and the whole thing should be shut down , instead of offering * any * improvements . 
  this includes the id-card system , which is safer than standard bank code cards or just plain passwords used in other european countries , and yet was deemed completely unsafe and exploitable . 
  that means we 'd have to shut down all internet banking in europe . 
  * i think we should liberate the oppressed minorities . 
  * on a serious note , the situation is really bad . 
  there are just 4 finno-ugric nations in russia with 100 ' 000 or more speakers - mordvins , udmurts , maris and komis - and all of them have become minorities in their `` republics '' . 
  we have very little information about the sustainability or level of russification among them . 
  i 'm afraid every one of them will disappear quite soon , because there 's nothing to indicate otherwise . 
  the situation is also ironic because these are nations living in their native homelands , unlike the soviet-placed immigrant russians here , but guess which one is the constant worrying object for moscow . 
  `` multi-cultural , multi-ethnic federation '' my ass . 
  average ? 
  even such a low minimum seems unbelievable for me . 
  latvia is almost as expensive as estonia after all . 
  well , they did include finland , so there 's that . 
   geographically fully in europe  part of the eu  part of the eurozone  using latin alphabet  lutheran & catholic christianity  western democracies  culture exclusively influenced by other europeans  `` not europe in cultural sense '' da fuq ? 
  i wonder what the decisive criteria are ? 
  in estonia , the minimum salary of teachers is 900 $ as of this year . 
  how 's the situation in latvia ? 
  do you mean soviet architecture because * post * - soviet architecture would remind me some awful cheap kitsch from 90s or so . 
  anyway , this is the old town , [ annelinn ] ( http://f.pmo.ee/f/2009/07/07/203580t81hdc59.jpg ) is the commieblock district of tartu ( every larger estonian town has such ) . 
  hmm , thanks for that interesting read . 
  i guess that equality was not felt in estonia because of rather different prospects of estonians and russians , where the first ones had heavy losses in war , mass escaping and later on , deportations , so demographics took such a big hit they have never , even to this day , recovered to the 1930s highs just before occupations . 
  in fact , many estonians lost their homes as all the biggest towns had heavy bombardments , most notably , parts of central tallinn , most of central tartu ( 2nd largest town ) and the whole town of narva , like 99 % of it . 
  the latter 's ruins were torn down , a soviet-style town was built and population fully replaced by russian immigrants . 
  if i remember correctly , over half of apartments built during soviet era were given to soviet migrants as opposed to ( native ) estonians . 
  this tore wide gaps in the country as estonians completely dominated the rural areas ( over 90 % ) while russians became close to becoming majority in tallinn and several other towns . 
  let 's not forget that a lot of estonians had been declared gulags just for owning too much property and anyone who had `` too much '' lost their property and were potentially sent to siberia . 
  meanwhile , soviet migrants had none of this ( at least not in estonia ) and were given free apartments in what was still slightly a bit more wealthy area of the country . 
  so even though things got calm after stalin , of course the nations had absolutely different views on the era . 
  mass immigration only continued and the share of estonians dropped with every new census , plunging from nearly 90 % in 1939 to just 62 % in 1989 . 
  then we have the additional factor of banning national symbols , the status of language - despite estonian officially being available everywhere , more and more regions of estonia turned completely russian and in 1980s , moscow placed a completely pro-russia person unable to speak estonian as the `` prime minister '' of estonian ssr in the sense you could have then , and the `` birthday of estonians ssr '' was held only in russian for the first time . 
  of course , then we had the perestroika time where you finally could openly talk about history and the situation and it was clear things were not going to continue in the same way . 
  movements that started as autonomy requests quickly transformed into restoration of full independence , so the awful 90s came to be followed by stabilization and euro-integration . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  we sure did remove all the lenins because communism was forced upon us and well , we really do n't want to glorify some foreign `` uncle '' . 
  also , it is n't really decent to have some ideologists on your town squares . 
  as for churches , i think more russian churches have been added here in recent years than any others - at least in estonia , because estonians are becoming increasingly agnostic , while russians have turned to religion once again . 
  yeah , it seems you and i have very different standards and opinions on these topics . 
  i could n't call policies that have managed to make lithuania 's population decrease the most in eu in the last decade , ` reasonably all right ' , but then again , i do n't live there , so it 's not my problem . 
   to connect lithuania and poland with european gauge exactly , connecting lithuania to poland , not connecting baltics . 
  why do you even call it rail baltic when it has nothing to do with latvia or estonia ? 
   when estonia , hitachi , and other parties involved in nuclear project pushed on an outdated nuclear power plant to build on lithuanian territory , with no democratic oversight , to get some cheap energy for estonian needs , estonian politicians also followed purely their own interests . 
  oh , so now * we * are actually the evil capitalists wanting to get rich on the expense of poor lithuanians . 
  got it . 
  anyway , as you now push for that `` own interests '' thing , i 'm sure it is completely in lithuania 's interests to now , as a result of destroying the visaginas npp project , have become the most energy dependent country in europe , having to buy a bulk of electricity even from russia . 
  also , belarus is building a npp right next to lithuanian border , meaning you will still have all the risks of a nuclear plant , but none of the benefits . 
  let 's cheer for the brilliant lithuanian politicians !, 
   it would be naive to expect that they will instantly start to respect and love their new , tiny , completely not imperial country . 
  it can only change if they will live better in estonia than their compatriots after the river but even in such case it is not sure . 
  they live better already . 
  narva is a border town and just a [ glimpse over the river ] ( http://www.puhkuseestis.ee/bw_client_files/puhkus_eestis/public/news2_img/magick.php/874_narva_esileht.jpg ) reveals that life is worse on the other side . 
  literally , ivangorod is really a poor town . 
  the thing is , it 's been freakin ' 25 years !, 
  yes , you had some drastic changes , but get over it already . 
  the fact that narva had ethnic estonian majority before wwii does n't seem to bother anyone ( what happened to them ?
