  where does this false rumour come from ? 
  the eu funds are likely going to decrease as you reach certain economic level , plus now with brexit , but it 's definitely not going to suddenly stop . 
  okay , what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  if it makes you feel better , i certainly want russia to be rich and stable . 
  as long as those riches are not invested in military to invade neighbours , that is . 
  uk leaving eu overnight is nothing comparable to an entire country collapsing all of a sudden . 
  that 's why former ussr had it so much worse than the satellites in central and eastern europe . 
  the latter were still their own country , even if with a different system . 
  for ussr , the entire production-migration-administration chains collapsed as well . 
  some have not recovered even today . 
  i do n't think communist system works anyway , so ussr would have collapsed , but it surely could have been more gradual . 
  also , not forcing its members to stay could have helped . 
  still , all things considered , it 's a miracle there was no yugoslavia-style wars . 
  i guess that all those conflicts later , from transnistria to georgia to ukraine are actually the shockwaves of the very same collapse . 
  you should be aware that not every country once part of ussr has had same experience as estonia . 
  visiting moldova ( and not even rural areas , even the capital looks really poor ) should give you an idea . 
  i would actually agree with you . 
  collapse of soviet union was not some universal victory of freedom . 
  it 's a stupidly simplistic view . 
  the experience differs drastically by regions . 
  baltics were sure happy to get away , they never wanted to be part of it anyway , it was just forced down militarily to them . 
  not to mention they were kept away from european partners that way . 
  however , if you look at how central asia , for example , has performed , it 's difficult to find a success story . 
  they have become some vassals to russia as large part of their workforce go to russia ( many of them illegally ) to earn something . 
  economies in general are underdeveloped and in many cases , have regressed since downfall of ussr . 
  in general , only countries with vast natural resources have seen some success in increasing wealth ( russia , kazakhstan , azerbaijan ) . 
  baltics and maybe belarus have also done more or less okay , but the first have benefited from eu and the latter from cheap resources of russia . 
  then , democracy in general has struggled to take hold and corruption runs deep everywhere , only baltics and georgia could be considered okay in that regard . 
  and we have our own examples right here in europe . 
  just look at moldova . 
  the posted graph tells no surprises . 
  even on satellite maps , you see the country actually dimming since fall of ussr . 
  it has visibly regressed since ussr , not to mention a very large part of its workforce has left ( and continues to leave if not much changes ) . 
  of course , i 'm ignoring some other values , such as freedom to criticise government or travel abroad , but if you ca n't even afford bread , it does n't mean much . 
  the annual immigration limit was established in 1990s as a `` counter-step '' to the soviet-era mass immigration ( in reality , immigration in 1990s was tiny anyway ) . 
  its usage has softened significantly over time , though , now excluding eu and eea , us , japanese citizens , immigrants moving in with close relatives , educational immigrants and refugees . 
  recently , the limit has been breached , so in addition , it , start-up personnel and investors have been excluded . 
  however , now it has reached limit within only 6 months and employers are asking to end it altogether . 
  i generally see it as a pointless populist move . 
  we control our own borders nowadays , the soviet-era trauma should not affect us . 
  furthermore , we 've lost so many people in 25 years that limiting immigration is absolutely stupid . 
  sure , a lot of immigrants might be from russian-speaking countries , but in order to become citizens , they still have to speak estonian . 
  in the end , there 's always the danger of employers spoiling the market with underpaid workers , but that should be dealth with different tools . 
  i do n't find any particular statements from her , but our presidential position is largely ceremonial anyway , so it 's not like it would matter that much . 
  i think the government is more towards softening it , but conservatives would probably not let them , as their party is about to collapse and they would use every way to show their voice matters . 
  oh , it does n't have to be full-scale war , just a small `` liberation '' here and there , but which then might escalate a bit . 
  and i 've really stopped believing that turkish government has any common sense . 
  let 's unexpectedly shoot down this russian jet , oops the west did n't react as we wanted , let 's make 180 \u00b0 and become best buddies with putin , let 's also buy guns from them . 
  fuck nato , fuck usa . 
  let 's jail our journalists , teachers , judges etc. 
  oh , this enlightenment thing is western crap as well , let 's become a new saudi arabia . 
  evolution ? 
  nah , i 'd rather children look at this fictional book that people use to justify terrorism etc. 
  i would n't be surprised if erdogan announced turkey to adopt arabic script tomorrow , to be honest . 
  your government is removing evolution from curriculum . 
  going to war over a few greek islands is definitely a possibility for such retards in my mind . 
  just look how much has invading neighbours raised putin 's popularity . 
  why not the same for erdogan ? 
  you 're disgusting !, 
  as far as i 've understood , that 's indeed the case . 
  the part with the civil partnership is still rather unclear for me , though . 
  even if they speak estonian very well , they wo n't change their native language , so they are still russian-speakers . 
  the situation with russian minority is very complicated , so i 'll briefly go over the situation . 
  i think [ this map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4a/share_of_estonians.png/1024px-share_of_estonians.png ) gives you an idea how it is . 
  despite the map making it seem russians are not that widespread , they make up 25 % of our entire population . 
  some 40 % in tallinn and 75 % of the north-eastern region . 
  this is because vast majority of russians are soviet immigrants ( another source of historical controversy ) , aside from historical old believers on the western shore of lake peipsi ( that huge ass white thing where border runs through between estonia and russia on the map ) . 
  now , estonia 's education system is segregated as well , with estonians going to estonian kindergartens/schools and russians to russian ones . 
  since 2011 , russian high schools need to teach 60 % of subjects in estonian language ( as it 's required in universities ) . 
  the fight over education system and the language is a constant topic for debate . 
  as you imagine , estonia does n't work quite like just having two languages but one identity . 
  it 's actually two rather segregated communities in one country , but officially , only estonian language has legal status . 
  unfortunately , this segregration spreads to media , as estonians follow their native media + western media in english language , while russians go for russian media . 
  and i 'm already the generation that speak russian very poorly , so i am even unable to communicate with them in russian . 
  hence very different , often mutually exclusive views on several topics , especially foreign policy . 
  but finally answering your question , yes , younger generations are integrating better and their use of estonian is better , though that seems to be only a recent breakthrough . 
  meanwhile , statistics show that since soviet era , estonians and russians are actually moving to more segregated communities , that is estonians are moving to estonian communities and russians to russian communities . 
  this integration seems to be a thing that 's more praised than actually working , unfortunatley . 
  despite seeing some glimmer of hope with russian-speaking youth , i 'm very critical about the general success . 
  majority of russian-speakers differ very little from those in eastern ukraine or vladivostok . 
  at least that 's how it seems to me . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2tivfe/parliaments_of_europe/ ) , for example , but that was apparently 2.5 years ago . 
  i trust eurobarometer to show adequate and comparable data , so i think [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wdokimq.png?1 ) explains it . 
  majority of estonians are against gay marriages and even civil partnerships . 
  breaking it up by demographics , the only group that is supportive is young estonian-speakers , the older the estonian-speaker is , the less likely are they to support gay rights . 
  russian-speakers are almost universally against ( they have generally very similar values to russians in russia ) . 
   edit : nevermind for estonia , it 's no longer the case ( check u/toreon 's comment ) . 
  no no no !, 
  gay marriages are recognized in estonia , but they were n't before . 
  what i meant is that they are not considered to be `` against estonia 's legal order '' anymore . 
  i wonder what estonia then is , considering our entire population is smaller than yekaterinburg . 
  a rural parish ? 
  we just finished a legal battle where the supreme court said gay marriages concluded abroad have to be recognized in estonia . 
  the nationalist conservatives fought fiercely against that , even threatening judges , and leaned on a 1999 law draft comments where gay marriages were said to be against estonia 's legal order . 
  so this means they are not ( anymore ) . 
  have n't we done this parliaments of europe already ? 
  well , there 's always the excuse of you being a tiny ( by population ) island far from economic centres that makes imported stuff rather expensive . 
  it 's just the standard soft pressure on you guys to join eu , so you would be included in all those interesting statistics . 
  he 's using direct russian propaganda statements . 
  of course i 'll downvote him .
