  it was not in lithuania 's long-term plans and i do n't know if they 've added it there . 
  it seems to be a swift temporary decision . 
  i 'm just saying that the logic is faulty here . 
  let 's transfer eu funds to central and eastern europe instead of actually having themselves functioning companies and capital markets . 
  why could n't these companies be based in tallinn instead of london ? 
  their service require no physical presence . 
  it was already said above that transferwise is actually estonian company just hq-d in uk and skype is also estonian-developed ( half of the developers still work in estonia ) . 
  so basically , rich get richer by stealing the brains from poorer countries . 
  sounds so great !, 
  why do we even have eu funds ? 
  let 's talk again when germany 's population is 33 % foreign-speaking immigrants . 
  already considering forcing migrants on baltics is incredibly stupid and will never be accepted . 
  these countries already have the largest % of immigrants in the eu as a result of soviet-era colonization . 
   it 's high time that states are obligated to either contribute to the union , or be demoted to an associate member without any say in eu politics . 
  states cherry-picking what they want to commit to and what they do n't , and only exploiting the positives of eu membership ca n't go on forever . 
  it makes us all weaker , it makes our foreign policy a nightmare to manage , and it kills our ability to both react to and affect global trends . 
  the `` only '' problem is here which problems should be shared and which not ? 
  why is it that mediterranean migration crisis should become a shared problem , while the massive brain drain of central and eastern europe is generally ignored ? 
  maybe we 'd share wages so that a bulgarian would n't earn 10 times less than a luxembourger . 
  i actually see that as an even greater social disaster than the migration crisis in italy . 
  that 's the thing . 
   not to mention neither of those countries invest 2 % . 
  you 're being unfair because both have raised their defence spending and are targeting the 2 % by 2020 . 
   atleast lithuania re-instated conscription , i only hope that they have the backbone to keep it . 
  is it really a great step to take ? 
  i think one 's defence policies should be very long-term , planned and effective . 
  if they have chosen a professional army , they should concentrate on that . 
  if they have conscription and it works well , they should keep going with that . 
  estonia has conscription and it works well , because everything is well-thought , people know that and can set their lives accordingly etc. 
  many lithuanian men need to suddenly , however , stop their lives and go serve due to politicians ' swift decisions ( who themselves will not be doing anything , of course ) . 
  that does not create trust or a feeling of stability . 
  not to mention that if they suddenly need conscription due to russia 's action , i tend to think their professional army was not working effectively . 
  did i say they were n't ? 
  they just were the totalitarian dictatorship that did n't invade finland , unlike soviet union . 
  yes , because finland was so eager to attack soviet union and kill their citizens as they were evil fascists * / s * , not protect themselves from the agressor and retain their freedom , unlike baltics which lost independence and suffered heavy colonization and repressions for the next 50 years . 
  at those times , germany was really the only viable option for a country of ~ ~ 5 ~ ~ 3.7 million to be able to defend against a 160 + million totalitarian dictatorship . 
  still , tallinn and its immediate surrounding area has 500 000 people , while the whole p\u00e4rnu county only ~ 85 000 . 
   we could try and copy australia more closely and basically make a deal with a third country to take all the immigrants , but that 's not going to be easy ( and the echr would n't be terribly impressed ) . 
  seriously , in this case , fuck the echr . 
  they 're basically advocating italy to further push their social system into an abyss , totally ignoring the soon-to-implode tensions especially in the south and people 's reactions . 
  in this case , the echr is an irresponsible body that tries to force their outdated views ( in this case , the whole asylum policy should be reviewed , if outstanding majority of `` refugees '' are young males , that 's not normal ) on others , no matter the cost . 
  yeah , quebec and france have no important links except for the language . 
  transnistrian russians and russia ? 
  yeah , i think applying for joining russian federation says it all . 
   the people of transnistria 's right to self determination ? 
  every region of russia 's neigbhouring countries that have a higher concentration of russian-speakers do not have a right to self-determination . 
  if they can not accept the laws of the country they live in , they can move freely to russia and speak their mother tongue there . 
  and let 's not pretend transnistria is `` independent '' in any way , it 's a relict of soviet union that holds on purely on russian support . 
  creating all those pseudo-russian states should be declared illegal . 
  tbh , russians already have a home country and that happens to be the world 's largest . 
  they should not have the right to f * ck up their hosting countries due to putin 's chauvinistic dreams . 
  i think it 's time to expel all those 1,500 soldiers back to russia . 
  their presence is not welcomed by any legitimate side anyway and they 're effectively occupying parts of moldova . 
  it is a crane , actually . 
  it 's just we usually say simply * kurg * in estonian and translate it to * stork * , while actually a * sookurg * is a * crane * ( as in this case ) and a * toonekurg * is a * stork * . 
  greeks : triggered !!, 
  tbh , finland has quite a few estonia-haters . 
  sami lotila , johan b\u00e4ckman , leena hietanen to name a few . 
  they might be funded by the kremlin ( that b\u00e4ckman definitely is , considering his `` career '' now in russia 's propaganda tv ) , but it also might be the fruit of extreme finlandization . 
  for those who do n't know , these afromentioned people either deny any occupation of baltics , say estonia deserves to be crushed by russian tanks , estonians are slave-people , estonia is a fascist apartheid regime etc , not just some vague `` different opinion '' . 
  i 'm a bit disappointed at finland 's reaction to them as if they could n't differentiate ethnic hate and freedom of expression ( or are afraid of russia 's reaction , again ) . 
  that would make less sense actually . 
  for example , why would estonia suddenly have a better image of russia now after invasion and annexation of its neighbouring territories ? 
  ukraine in now a better opinion of russia than in 2009 ? 
  yeah , right . 
  i think the biggest problem here is the freedom of movement with wage gaps and it certainly has its negative effect on central and eastern europe . 
  estonia suffers from it , but even more do latvia and lithuania , which both have seen about 10 % population decline in 10 years . 
  that 's really a big problem . 
  it 's simply the wage gap . 
  people just have to find a job abroad , even a blue-collar one , take their bags and voila - their wage has increased multiple times , because when average wage in lithuania is 700 $ and minimum wage nearly 1600 $ in the uk , we ca n't really talk about competition between labour markets - it 's more of a drainage . 
  this would happen with or without the free movement , but free movement definitely enhances the brain drain . 
  that 's exactly the title she was given here when she was elected to the ep . 
  to be honest , she 's a tad more level-headed than that witch \u017ddanoka . 
  of course our only russian voting against . 
  i do n't blame her for wanting better relations with russia , but jeez , all she keeps talking about is how eu and estonia should be more `` constructive '' towards russia , while she * never * blames russia for anything . 
  for estonians , that 's really repulsive . 
  i just thought that divided germany , berlin wall , backward technology and etc would be kept in mind , but oh well , simple people . 
   19 % of west germans have a positive image of putin . 
  in the east it 's ** 40 % ** this is insane . 
  do they have some kind of a stockholm syndrome or what ? 
  it 's probably because russians have a smaller variety of names than estonians . 
  still , it hurts . 
  the estonian name would probably be * tamm * , though . 
  i doubt that tobbacco sales have any considerable influence to czech economy , there are porbably other factors here . 
  i believe you 're mixing up kaliningrad with crimea . 
  the isolated run-down exclave will only stay even more behind its eu neighbours as russia-eu relations deteriorate while crimea is influenced by the `` krym nash !, 
  '' - mentality and is currently set to get a lot of investment from russia for propagandistic purposes . 
  the average ~ ~ joe ~ ~ ivan in rest of rural russia will lose from this . 
  i do n't get what kind of a moral lecture this is right now . 
  of course the continuity was a choice of our interests , but it does n't mean it was n't based on facts . 
  the un did n't recognise it because baltics were part of league of nations , not the un , which was created after wwii , when baltics were already occupied . 
   laws are supposed to be based on facts . 
  let 's come back to this when occupation of baltics is finally recognised by russia . 
  that number looks ridiculous to the tens of thousands of estonians working in finland ... 
  actually it does , because it clearly insists on the occupations , giving baltic countries certain judicial rights ( and obligations ) , including getting back their gold reserves , acknowledging citizens again , restoring diplomatic relations , rather than establishing etc. 
  even though * de facto * baltics were not independent during 1940-1991 , they had excile government and had recognition from many western countries , including usa , which even marked that on their maps - [ an example ] ( http://www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/commonwealth/soviet_union_admin_1989.jpg ) . 
  as a matter of fact , i think it makes a lot of sense . 
  it seems that the only conduct russia accepts from its smaller neighbours is being a loyal puppet , like belarus . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  oh my god , how did we dare to do that ?
