  i think they pick those together with the host country . 
  well , they could n't have taken something like `` nuke moscow '' , but i 'm pretty sure this specific slogan was n't forced down their throat either . 
  besides , they could need a bit of a more welcoming image , would work perfectly against russian propaganda . 
  they kinda took such a slogan for eurovision in kyiv . 
  `` celebrate diversity '' . 
  rainbow is a known symbol for that . 
  those repulsive rainbow colours . 
  every time the sun shines i pray it does n't rain or i have to see them again . 
  ughh ... 
  if only the world was black and white like a few decades ago . 
  but i already explained how greece has already suffered a lot . 
  why do you think i do n't think it 's enough ? 
  i 'm trying to make a completely different point , namely that the policy the country has followed has been absolutely wrong . 
  greece is into its what ... 8th year of crisis ? 
  it 's really a horrible mismanagement . 
  and after all those big talks with the rescue packages and the political upheavals , the country is still not on track to recovery . 
  so sorry , i 'm not looking very fondly at debt restructuring when the economy is still in shadow death . 
  i think i 'd be ready if eurozone participated in some economic investment project into greece rather than participate in that money burning scheme longer . 
  and again , greece should have left euro area when the problems arose . 
  whether it would make sense today , after suffering for 8 years in a row , i do n't know . 
  but if greek economy ca n't compete with its eu peers ( and considering greece 's economic output is now even nominally lower than estonia , yet still paying 2x higher pensions , while also being more corrupt , less transparent etc , that might very well be the case ) , that should still be an option . 
   debt relief for all of this is a fair compromise . 
  fair compromise for who ? 
  how are citizens of euro area to be blamed for greek problems in any way ? 
  those that took the risks by investing in greece initially should be responsible . 
  considering eu treaties outright ban such bailouts , nobody signed up for anything like that . 
  we 're ignoring eu principles in order to force one 's problems down everyone 's throats . 
  maybe remember how the refugee thing worked ? 
  they should 've exited eurozone in 2010 and declare bankruptcy . 
  as of now , their economy has plunged by a quarter , unemployment has skyrocketed , incomes have declined sharply etc while debt burden has not reduced at all . 
  also , while all of europe is now having solid growth , greece is still stagnating at best . 
  even today 's manufacturing data showed it 's still not recovering . 
  as much as there are or were problems with rest of southern european economies , greece is so bad it 's clearly in its own league . 
  i still do n't see how is it acceptable that the debts were pushed onto the shoulders of taxpayers of euro area countries . 
  furthermore , i ca n't understand how that was even in accordance with eu treaty articles 123 -- 125 . 
  we 'll just see what a shitstorm this will cause in the future . 
  i 'm already waiting for the thrilled lithuanian pensioners earning $ 250 a month to know they are going to cover a share of greek debts . 
  she might not be a fascist , but she still has more qualities of a fascist than macron . 
  just as russia has more qualities of a fascist state than almost any other country in europe . 
  common values unite , so it 's not a surprise russia and far-right movements in europe get along so well . 
  it 's just ironic considering how russia likes to portrait itself as some kind of anti-fascist leader . 
  it is kinda ironic how russians support the most fascist-like politicians all over europe while claiming to fight against it at the same time . 
  kinda shows how little they actually care about anti-fascist values and how it has purely become some pro-putin propaganda about their opposers and nothing else . 
  `` nazis opposed russia , now you also oppose russia ( read : putin ) , therefore you are both fascists . 
  and we protect our dear motherland just like our grandfathers did . '', 
   with as little as 7000 visitors in 2008 ( gone upto 11000 in 2014 ) there 's at least one zero missing there . 
  11 000 for the whole country is incredibly low . 
  estonia had more housed tourists than that in every single month even back in 1996 . 
  last year , we had 3.3 million housed tourists . 
  even more visitors than that . 
  this is just so wrong . 
  violence gives your enemies the tools of portraying you as the evil side . 
  the one that harms others , the one that must be fought against . 
  we managed to protest in ussr by having 2 million people join their hands . 
  we had hundreds of thousands of people sing together . 
  all without violence . 
  that 's where ussr had no tools left to oppose them , no justification to disperse them . 
  notice how that 's not the case with ukraine with its conflict with russia . 
  if there had been no violence during maidan protests , ukrainian position would be a lot stronger . 
  honestly , taking another look at his arguments , he does n't make sense at all . 
  might just be the case of being incapable of admitting to be wrong . 
   the difference is that this other guy just refused to believe it , even when the other redditor gave him sources and whatnot . 
  besides , it 's climatological data , what 's there to discuss haha . 
  sure , but does it come from unawareness or really some alleged russia-hate . 
  the latter sounds extremely absurd imo . 
   is this obsession from the baltics to be as different as possible ( or even beyond that ) from russia exclusive to reddit or are the actual countries like this too ? 
  what . 
  the . 
  a certain person from the baltics might not be completely aware of the difference between continental climate and maritime climate . 
  vast areas of russia fall into the first one , while europe is largely the second one . 
  if anything , if one does n't make the difference , they 're actually claiming to be more similar to russia than they are . 
  now where did you reach to find the `` because coldness is russia 's thing , and you do n't want to be like russia '' , i assume is your own stereotypes and nothing else . 
  hah , russia and turkey ca n't into europe . 
  compare as in could belarus have similar events to ukraine . 
  one reason for discontent could be when your country falls visibly behind your neighbours and ukraine is not the only neighbour to compare to . 
  nevertheless , i do n't expect anything like that happpen to belarus , unless there 's some strong surge in national identity . 
  let 's be honest , it 's often difficult to be sure whether belarus is just a fancier oblast of russia or actually a separate country with a different identity . 
  or some kind of a personal doll-house of lukashenka . 
  i 'd go for the last option . 
   unlikely , ukraine showed an example of what can happen after a revolution , plus belarus is miles ahead in standard of living so ordinary people are content . 
  but that only when compared to ukraine . 
  they 're still behind rest of their neighbours and the gap is increasing . 
  being a very small country with no experience with nuclear power whatsoever . 
  i wrote about that in another comment , we tried to participate in the lithuanian npp project but they cancelled it . 
  there were plans of a npp in lithuania as they had one from soviet times but had to close it down ( it was the same type as the chernobyl one ) . 
  they planned to build a new one and all baltic states were to pariticipate , but then oops , a populist government that made a referendum and they cancelled it . 
  then there were once talks of a npp in estonia , but we have no experience whatsoever and i 'd dare to say finland 's wild ride with olkiluoto 3 ( npp that is 9 years late and 3 times more expensive than planned - now up to 9 billion $ , which is estonia 's yearly state budget ) killed the dreams . 
  we 're now just instead betting on wind and solar energy taking over fossil fuels . 
  nope , they are a large and wealthy country with quite a lot of options for alternative methods of producing energy . 
  we have basically a giant oil shale complex in north-east which produces vast majority of the country 's electricity . 
  it also produces shale oil ( which is more efficient than producing electricity ) . 
  one somewhat mentionworthy alternative now that has grown a lot in the [ recent decade ] ( http://www.bioneer.ee/static/files/023/t2_tuuleenergia.jpg ) is wind energy as it 's suitable for estonia 's vast coastal areas , but it 's rather volatile due to depending on weather circumstances . 
  because of long and cold winters , co-production facilities ( heating + electricity ) have also grown , but these are efficient only in cold days . 
  other than that , we do n't have any powerful rivers that could produce reasonable amount of hydro energy ( like in latvia ) , nor are we willing to become extremely dependent on energy import ( like lithuania ) . 
  solar energy production has also increased step by step , but we 're not exactly portugal with the sunshine here , so its share is rather irrelevant . 
  and this is after all those expensive filters and upgrades of the oil shale power plants ? 
  we 're unfortunately so damn dependent on these . 
   i feel that banning it gives fuel to the fire as already obvious in this case , russia will portrait in every possible way how the west is actually not a better place than russia . 
  `` look , they are banning media , where is freedom of speech ?!! '' . 
  unfortunately , considering most russians already have a strongly negative opinion of the west , we will not be able to convince them otherwise .
