  however , it 's true that nord stream 2 is not `` eu interests '' , it 's german businesses ' interest , at least as long as germany is not willing to form a united eu gas bloc . 
  i think i see exactly one comment like that , out of 36 . 
  this is like generalization on steroids . 
  what an insane witch-hunt mentality and that 's in a country which is one of the most homogeneous in the world . 
  by the way , i have n't even understood properly who are all the enemies out to get poland and the patriotic pis ? 
  german spies like donald tusk ? 
  the commies ? 
  it only proves you can always invent an enemy , even if it does n't seem too obvious at first . 
  the comparison is not that relevant , the point is that immigration policies of western europe have been way too naive and the concept of citizenship patriotism does n't work quite as well in europe as it does in usa . 
  we 're dealing with mostly nation states in this continent , something rather different from across the ocean . 
  ukraine is a complicated case . 
  you have clearly ethnic russians who are ukrainian citizens who do n't care about kyiv at all and would wish to be annexed by russia . 
  but you also have ukrainians whose native language is russian , but who are nevertheless loyal to ukraine . 
  however , i do n't know of ukrainian-speakers that would be loyal to other countries . 
  now the sad part is that we do n't know how turks in germany would behave if turkish-german relations was such as russian-ukrainian . 
  that is , they would be neighbours , germany would be the poorer country * and * they 'd have a military conflict . 
  i 'd imagine it would not be much different , but such a scenario is fictional anyway . 
  firstly , that was over 10 years ago . 
  secondly , these were people that do n't even speak estonian properly , were misled by foreign propaganda * and * i suspect most of them were russian citizens or non-citizens . 
  here you have german-born german-speaking german citizens whose loyalty seems to be far away in a distant country . 
  and very least , germany took these people itself , we had no say over our immigration policies at those times . 
  i mean , we consider our russian minority as generally poorly integrated , but you 'll never see such a dramatic view here even on 9th may . 
  that 's the point you 'll have to start thinking if that `` you are as much german as the descendants of ethnic germans , as long as you were born and raised here / are a german citizen '' is really true . 
   here 's are some [ statements ] from an eu body . 
  this is only about latvia and i do n't see eu bodies involved . 
  could you point out which eu body ? 
  also :  some 300,000 europeans having resided in latvia for generations , are denied their political rights because of their ** ethnicity ** . 
  this makes it already bullshit . 
  nobody can be granted citizenship based on ethnicity . 
  just because vast majority of soviet migrants were of russian ethnicity , does n't mean their citizenship was rejected due to ethnicity . 
  there were plenty of russian families in latvia as well who got citizenship as their ancestors were latvian citizens . 
   there is international pressure to provide them with citizenship by international you mean russian ? 
  because we are not willing to give citizenship to people who do n't even speak our language . 
  germany is now experiencing first hand how 's it going with its turkish community who are german citizens . 
  it does n't grant loyalty in any way , and yet might prove to be a trojan horse instead . 
  i suspect that the citizenship policy might become more conservative in europe , not the other way around . 
  pretty much ( why else russia just randomly annexed some territories from a country that they annexed in its entirety anyway ) , but our nationalists are `` these are estonian lands forever !!!, 
  ! 111 '' , without taking the centuries of historical differences into account , or the fact that we have currently a rather convenient natural border ( river and a big ass lake are like 2/3 of ee-ru border ) , or the fact that nearly no estonians remain on those territories , or the fact that these have not been part of estonia for over 70 years etc. 
  estonia and latvia literally declared all the soviet immigrants as that - immigrants , who got no citizenship status when independence was restored . 
  what is more , various statuses and properties have been restored , not to mention laws or the very same citizenship status . 
  you ca n't just interpret the continuity in a different way as that 's not how these countries function at all . 
  it 's been over quarter a century already , it 's time to accept the path we took . 
  i know they like to whine how this continuation-model would give some `` territorial demands '' ( majority does n't even want those lands back ) or even more they 're afraid of occupation damages . 
  i would agree to renounce any territorial demands and any financial obligations stemming from occupation , but the symbolic gesture is important . 
  if they still claim we 're a different country and that we were liberated , that symbolizes their disrespectful attitude towards neighbours and their independence , or treaties with them . 
  considering it occupied and annexed baltic states by force , while still claiming stalinist lies like baltic people `` democratically voting '' to be part of ussr are true , i do n't think russia should be taken seriously with their very `` unique '' interpretations of history and international law . 
  you can see the territories striped in [ this map ] ( http://www.tlu.ee/~kyttim/pildid/eesti_kaart.jpg ) . 
  basically , estonia conquered them during war of independence in 1920 as buffer zone between russia . 
  russia annexed them in 1940s and estonia initially claimed them back in early 1990s , but soon gave them up . 
  note that these lands have * not * been part of estonia historically , not during [ pre-conquered times ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/bd/ancient_estonian_counties.png/1024px-ancient_estonian_counties.png ) , nor later , for example , [ swedish times ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/sw_balticprov_en.png ) , though the south-eastern part has had noticeable estonian-speaking community ( with heavy russian cultural influences ) . 
  this is not a relevant topic in today 's estonia anymore , as they 're populated by russian-speakers and are generally poor even for russian standards . 
  estonia has accepted the post-annexation borders . 
  though it was hypociritical how russia reversed the crimea 's annexation to ukraine , but not , for example , these territories ' annexation to russia . 
  we 're not actually sure how much we 're related to latvians and lithuanians . 
  we 're genetically very similar , but speak entirely different languages . 
  also , there a lot of baltic loanwords in both estonian and finnish , so we must have had some close contacts in history . 
  why did our ancestors decide this is a good place to settle ? 
  such idiots ... 
  good luck trying to get tourists to pronounce that monster . 
  maybe start from germany drastically cutting its social welfare for mena immigrants ? 
  by drastically , i mean drastically , that 's to the level of latvia or lower . 
  so that they 'd barely survive in the winter , but ca n't enjoy life at all . 
  let 's be honest , vast majority of migrants , be it real refugees or economic migrants , target germany ( and sweden , to some extent ) . 
  they want the welfare , the money , the promised land . 
  destroy that stupid dream . 
  otherwise , you are responsible for these migrant flows . 
  nobody comes here , so even if italy gave them visas , i have no shits to give . 
  it 's you who 'll need to swallow even more of them . 
   the common market ended its job when the wall fell , so please destroy it . 
  what ? 
  the single market has little to do with the cold war . 
  nato was the alliance for protection against the commies . 
  eu itself is meant to unify europe . 
  why would we give up a unified europe , especially in times where europe 's share in the world , and with that , relevancy , only declines ? 
   and you should remove australia from eurovision , they are not europeans . 
  but they send good music , much better than your average european country . 
  also , israel is there as well . 
  no , the party i was talking about ( party of the current pm ) consists of two wings , which could be called ` pro-estonian ' and ` pro-russian ' , respectively . 
  these wings were not that visible before the party 's ` dictator ' was beaten in the party leader elections . 
  the ` pro-estonian ' wing is definitely pro-eu and pro-nato , the other 's position are a bit vaguer . 
  the anti-eu sentiment is now history for them , they took that position in 2003 referendum , but soon realized it was a mistake as eu has benefited us a lot and public support for it is high . 
  it 's a weird party anyway with quite a lot of populism and elector base that consists of largely pensioners and russian-speakers . 
  but well , i try to take a more neutral view when describing them . 
  sure , you just have to make sure they know the context . 
  many would probably also not get ` el ' , which stands for greece ( in greek language ) . 
  ific , they 're not exactly the same . 
  for example , greece is ` gr ' in iso 3166 , while it 's ` el ' in eu codes . 
  also ` gb ' and ` uk ' for the united kingdom . 
  yes . 
  these are the [ eu country codes ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/glossary:country_codes ) , very convenient to shorten the names into just 2 characters . 
   i guess any eu military integration will be a low priority due to your ruling party split ? 
  i do n't think that would affect it . 
  estonia 's foreign policy has been very stable despite government changes . 
  in fact , a russian-speaking minister was forced to resign due to anti-nato comments . 
  however , estonia is very fond of nato , so the problem would be if eu military started to rival it . 
  if not , i would n't see any big obstacles . 
   the eu have set a freeze on new members until that year . 
  wait , what ? 
  where did you hear that ? 
   what do you guys think of an european federation ?
