  we would not allow any break up of estonia . 
  even less so to a country with already the world 's largest territory . 
   why not , if the west withdraws its support , it 's a easily winnable war . 
  it 's easily winnable , but why would you even do that ? 
  you 'd have to pay with blood to get a territory that does n't want you and who could use terrorism to get away again . 
   okay , if the eastern part of estonia would split , would you just ` leave it behind ' ? 
  im very curious to your answer . 
  estonia has already given territories to russia . 
  i think this is more comparable to serbia giving away pre\u0161evo to kosovo . 
  i am quite sure you would n't give it away and i would support you there , even if it needed defence . 
  it 's not correct to assume that just because we 've recognized a separation once , means we have to now do it always and on all cases . 
  every case is different . 
   bosnia would n't end up in 3 countries , serbs would take srpska , croats herzegovina , and the muslims would keep the remainder of their territories . 
  you know that the ethnic borders are very chaotic , bosniaks do n't even live in a connected territory . 
  republika srpska is split by the brcko region as well . 
  only croatia would have it easy . 
  and even in these ethnic regions , there are enclaves of minorities , so people would need to learn to live with them anyway . 
  it would also break bosnia 's current structure , croatia and serbia would need to start integration mechanisms and then we have the issue of bosniaks being between two large neighbours . 
   albanians are maybe 18-20 % of serbia , russians are 25 % of estonia . 
  a lot of russians live in tallinn , so they are surrounded by estonians in every direction . 
  they have no choice but to adapt . 
   the majority of albanians moved here after tito blocked the serbs from returning to kosovo after the ww2 albanian terror campaigns . 
  wikipedia says albanians were a majority in kosovo before wwii already . 
   serbia really has no problems except the kosovo thing . 
  so does n't it make even more sense to leave that behind ? 
  you know very well even if west withdrew support from kosovo , it would n't come back . 
  and i do n't think serbs would want another war either . 
   do n't twist my words , i agree that what they are doing in ukraine is wrong , but if you support kosovos independence , you should support crimea in russia ( i do n't ) , serbs in bosnia , russians in estonia etc. 
  but you wo n't , and thats hypocritical . 
  it does n't necessarily have to be so . 
  many countries usually refuse to recognize separatist territories of others if they 've got one ( spain , china etc ) , but it 's not a rule . 
  balkanization is n't a good thing either . 
  i mean , what kind of a messy puzzle it would turn out if bosnia would split into some three countries or so . 
  all with past traumas , some associate countries etc. 
  these are not sustainable solutions . 
   there is , eastern estonia has a lot of russians , your russian minority outnumbers our albanian minority ( in % not in pure numbers ) , kosovo -- 88 % albanians . 
  estonia 's eastern virumaa -- 73 % russians . 
   so realistically , if the russians pushed for an independence , or like albanians , for terrorism and then independence , would you , as a democratical eu member , also support them as you support kosovo , after all , it 's the will of the people ? 
  we would not , that 's clear . 
  we 've already blocked a referendum for autonomy in 1993 for them . 
  these people migrated here during soviet occupation and in general , migrants have to adapt to us , not the other way around . 
  but they 're not pushing for any separation anyway , as i said , it 's just a theoretical scenario . 
  are numbers for others the same as in this map , though ? 
  kosovo and crimea are tough to compare . 
  there are two very different situations : * kosovo and serbia had a long and bloody conflict with severe atrocities commited . 
  with crimea , there was only russian propaganda about upcoming ukrainian nazis killing russians . 
  * kosovo became independent and albania annexing it has never been a topic . 
  crimea was occupied to be annexed directly to russia . 
  the point is , kosovo and serbia could not live in a single country . 
  there had been too many atrocities for any civilized cooperation . 
  i am not even personally so convinced that recognizing kosovo was a great idea , but judging by bosnia , a dysfunctional state is not much better . 
  the truth is that there are no good solutions for all the mess in serbia , kosovo and bosnia . 
   i know you are anti-russian in everything yes , it 's so anti-russia that i do not approve them occupying and annexing their neighbours , i know . 
  i should totally root for our orthodox brother that protects us from evil nato and west . 
  / s  i just hope one day russia takes the russian part of estonia , so i can enjoy doing to you people what you did to serbs . 
  there is no `` russian part of estonia '' . 
  or if there ever was , it 's part of russia today . 
  there 's no certain hierarchy for these , to be honest . 
  also , people 's will means also people in ( the rest of ) ukraine , not only those in crimea . 
  talk to me when estonians actually commit gencide on russians . 
  if you always like to bring kosovo as an example about separation , then please , bring out all the details , not only those convenient to you . 
   should n't the people there have the right to choose which country they want to be part of ? 
  not always . 
  that 's because with such choice , they could be breaking the territorial integrity of the country they 're part of . 
  their voice matters , of course , but it 's not always the final argument . 
  we have sudetenland in czech republic and \u00c5land in finland as some brightest examples . 
  if ukraine and russia agreed to a referendum in crimea , we would have nothing to complain about . 
  i think they should have got it by now that russia 's foreign policy is extremely flawed if they have so hostile relations with so many of their neighbours . 
  but the opposite has happened . 
  it 's russia that 's being surrounded by enemies from each side , which are either evil fascists , brainwashed by usa or just infected by incurable diease called russophobia . 
  usa has n't annexed any country . 
  russia has already exploited the kosovo-scenario and it was with north ossetia and abkhazia . 
  with crimea , they took it a step further and fully annexed the territory . 
  so really , you could stop using that as some kind of heavenly justification for all invasions and annexations . 
  and even worse , with all the `` but what about when west did this and that and what not '' . 
  firstly , we 're not usa and secondly , where have you seen western countries invading their neighbours and annexing territories after wwii ? 
  lukashenka has very little room for maneuvering , though . 
  they are very dependent on russia and belarusian economy has been in recession for two years already . 
  sure , he is trying to inch closer to eu right now , as eu is economically doing much better , but he also knows belarus has been living on cheap resources from russia that have kept their soviet industrial legacy alive . 
  i very much doubt he 'd be willing to risk ukraine-scenario . 
  that 's at least the one neighbour he can point at and say that we 're doing better ( economically ) . 
  i struggle to find any sign of * jumala * in * ait\u00e4h * . 
  and if there was such a region in estonia or latvia , it should go to russia ? 
   the topic of `` who lives here before '' is first and dangerous road to nationalism . 
  it 's not even that . 
  if i went with `` who lived here before '' , i 'd claim most of north-western russia as it was populated by finnic people before slavs came there . 
  or ivangorod , considering it was part of estonia from 1920-1940 . 
  it 's not that . 
  but estonia itself has had a clear natural border with russia for centuries at narva river . 
  it even has [ rival castles ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/72/ivangorod_fortress_opposite_the_narva_hermann_castle_2.jpg/1280px-ivangorod_fortress_opposite_the_narva_hermann_castle_2.jpg ) because of that . 
  it 's really the border of latin vs cyrillic alphabet , protestant vs orthodox church etc. 
  it has no direct connection to russia , apart from having had massive immigration during soviet occupation . 
  i understand you think it should still go to russia the moment locals would want that ? 
  i am afraid i ca n't agree . 
   so , every people around the world have right to self determination . 
  the right to self-determination rarely means right to break a country apart , though . 
  crimea had a form of self-determination , it had autonomy . 
  we have territorial integrity and in general , ban of resolving disputes by violent measures too as important principles of international law . 
   what is your recomandations for the russians who dont want live in ukraine ? 
  move to russia ?
