  does n't stop him from being a dictator . 
   i never met anyone who would ** actively deny atrocities ** that nazis needed to get into power so my one sentence that was meant to show that dictators can also be democratically elected has turned into `` actively denying atrocities '' . 
  jesus christ , have some fucking common sense . 
  why do you verge off the topic we originally discussed and start projecting random stuff onto me ( like i 'd be some nazy symphatizer , wtf ? ) . 
  sorry , if anything , you only confirm to be an active consumer of russian state media with that . 
  or you 're just psychologically unstable . 
   but to you , that 's apparently a definition of a working democracy . 
  nope , a working democracy would be one where people would have a real choice in elections ( there 's no way a country as huge as russia would have only one non-extremist major party in the case of working democracy ) , and where government actually changes once in a while . 
  that 's not what it 's like in russia . 
   this perfectly aligns with similar ethical monstrosity that is your take on hitler 's rise to power in this thread . 
  i 'm beginning to understand the depth of corruption of your moral character a bit better now . 
  do you even watch what you write ? 
  seriously , sleep through the night and take a fresh look . 
  it looks like you 're in some personal crisis and you 're projecting the anger at me . 
  okay , you 're getting very emotional about this one . 
  the argument of nazis coming into power democratically is disputed , yes , and there are some who says they [ did ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2008/02/03/opinion/03iht-edkershaw.1.9700744.html ) . 
  so let 's just agree , for the sake of the original argument , with you and say hitler was not democratically elected . 
  does it mean in any way he could n't have been democratically elected and still be a dictator ? 
  that was the point i was trying to make . 
  now comparing me to some nazi glossing ( again , you 've done this many times already , despite me not trying to do it ) is just absurd and shows how incredibly biased you are . 
  you are attacking my nationality , me as a person , so as to strengthen your arguments ? 
   edit : putting the full quote of your post in for future reference , in case you choose to edit it out . 
  i do n't edit my posts ( unless for fixing grammatical errors ) and i do n't delete them . 
  if you want to tell me that [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bd/opinion_polls_on.png ) is totally normal for a functioning democracy , then i do n't think there 's much to discuss . 
  most russians just go elect that one party that wins every time anyway and forms the government , no need for them to even pick a coalition partner or anything . 
  even worse , if you even wanted a change , the two most popular alternatives are extremist parties , and the rest just some irrelevant niche parties which will never get to the parliament . 
  oh , i forgot , there 's also the `` just russia '' which is supposedly a social-democratic one but merged with a far-right party . 
  oh well , possible only in russia , i guess . 
  i mean , what 's the point of even holding elections ? 
  why waste money ? 
  the main opposition parties in russia are ... communists ( no comments needed , i think ) and `` liberal-democrats '' ( aka far-right extremists with a lunatic leader ) . 
  so for a non-extremist russian , there is n't much of a choice . 
  they might have democracy in name , but it certainly does n't work . 
   democratically elected president that enjoys massive popular support in his country is a dictator do n't want to bring here the world 's most over-used comparison , but that 's exactly what hitler , for example , was . 
   i think i explain too much , but once again : lots of people were born during 80s , they learned russian as main language and suddenly became out of the law . 
  so now they ` translate ' their family names ( what a hell is this ? ), 
  and live in atmospere of hate . 
  well , i agree that 's a bit unfair to some of them . 
  however , we are not to blame , soviet union that illegally occupied and annexed baltics , and then colonized them with russians , is to be blamed . 
  we did n't have a say over who comes here , and we certainly do n't have to just give them citizenship just because they are physically on this territory . 
  could you imagine a country where 30 % people do n't speak a common language ( how would they even speak to each other ?!? ) . 
  you 'd get something like you have in ukraine - a permanently split society . 
   once again , those people were there before your state , forcing them to learn your language same shit as soviets forcing you to learn russian . 
  find the way to co-exist well , there 's a huge difference that you do n't notice ( probably because you are part of a giant nation ) . 
  russians here are ( mostly ) migrants . 
  of course they have to learn the language . 
  just like turks in germany have to . 
  we having to forcefully learn a foreign language in our own country is , in fact , oppression . 
  and sorry , but russia is a very bad example for minorities , especially for estonians . 
  finno-ugrics in that country are heavily russified , mostly lost their identity , and have no chance to do things their own way . 
  if anything , they 're the best example why breaking off from russia was probably the best decision we ever made . 
   for reference , stop honoring nazi collaborators would change russians stance dramaticaly . 
  you mean the annual event where a group of people gather in a former battlefield to celebrate fight against soviet resistance , where the state does n't participate and where swastika is banned ? 
  at least that 's how it is in estonia . 
  i mean , i do n't go there , nor do i ever plan to , and i fully support the state keeping away from it . 
  i am also aware it attracts some far-rights , but all in all , it 's not that massive , nor important . 
  it 's only blown big by russian media and we 're certainly not going to ban it because they want it . 
  soviet celebrations are also allowed here , despite the fact that majority hates that regime , so it would make no sense to prefer one side over another . 
  estonia does produce more electricity than it consumes , we 're very energy-independent on that matter , one of the best in eu . 
  however , electricity grid is about a single synchronized area where production and consumption has to be balanced . 
  i 'm not an expert , so hopefully someone smarter explains it better , but the idea is that currently , we 're synchronized with russian grid . 
  a very unlikely thing would be manipulating , like baltics of russia trying to cause instability in each other 's grid ( by also damaging their own ) but a further point to change to european grids is that we 're part of eu and therefore , it makes sense in long term , as we cooperate with them more anyway , and share more interests . 
   we are being confused with chad lol , most people in europe do n't even know such country . 
  they probably do know romania , though . 
  your flag is fine . 
  making ourselves less dependant on them is important for europe 's security . 
  we do n't have to cut relations with russia , but at least we have an alternative if that should ever be an issue . 
   do n't know why baltic people ca n't move on and keep fighting soviet state which collapsed long ago . 
  like we relocating a soviet monument in our own capital , which ends in russia fuelling local russian speakers to riot , put a partial embargo on us , cyber attack , and a massive propaganda war ? 
  i do n't think it 's us who ca n't move on . 
  nah , too many people would mix up moldova , romania and andorra . 
  developing gas interconnection is a good step as it decreases our dependence on a single supplier . 
  disconnecting from russian electricity grid is something i 'd take a long time to consider . 
  it 's not like russia would be sabotazing our electricity grid as that would mean a black-out for st. petersburg aswell . 
  if the study says it would be viable , important and bring benefits , i 'd support gradually changing to central european ( or nordic ) grids , but it 's not a priority right now imo . 
  would n't that make russian-speakers suffer the most ? 
  as they are dominant in the transit and energy sector ? 
  oh , oops , i forgot you do n't care about the people . 
  interests of kremlin come before them . 
  and after all this explanation about war-related crimes , you forgot the core point you were trying to make . 
  that those people allegedly tried to escape from such things by forming those separatist entities . 
  however , browsing [ un report ] ( http://www.ohchr.org/documents/countries/ua/ukraine_14th_hrmmu_report.pdf ) would give the impression that while ukraine has tons of problems with human rights , especially around the war area , it is even worse in dnr & lnr . 
  so congratulation for these people then . 
  now they wo n't be raped by sbu , but by a local freedom fighter instead . 
  oh , and they do n't have any authority to complain to , unlike in ukraine . 
  the world does n't go round by your values everywhere . 
  now as racism comes into play here , i am clueless . 
  fyi , finlandization meant also that finland delayed recognition of estonia 's independence for long time and many estonians were upset because of that . 
  it also was because finland recognized occupation of estonia , and even had president visit at that time . 
  yes , we understand , does n't mean we like it . 
  i guess that 's racist for you , or sth . 
  you 're already returning to that smug attitude . 
  please stop it , really . 
  your own opinion is not even shared among majority of finns , so why do you think estonians would turn out like you , eventually ? 
  not to mention that finlandization is particularly despised among estonians . 
  you completely fail to realize that , while yes , small nations often need to just accept their fate and play a neutral role , in order not to become a threat in a large neigbhour 's eyes , that 's not some natural law in every case . 
  eu and nato form a more powerful bloc than russia , which really turns the tides , and the situation is not comparable to what it was historically . 
  and in such situation , finland being the sole russia-friendly ( or putin-friendly , as i mean the political situation here ) country in eastern europe actually makes us weaker and more vulnerable . 
   start raping and killing you and your people yes , because look at all those russians in kyiv , dnipro ~ ~ petrovsk ~ ~ , kharkiv etc. 
  that were being raped and killed .
