  even in the comedy sketch , the ` neo-nazi ' says he ` hates jews , blacks and * gays * ' , but the last part has been cut out in order to not ruin the russians ' ` gay fascist ' image of europe . 
  oh well , at least we can feel good about not living there . 
  russian is about to lose its prime spot here and as sad as it sounds , i 'm glad . 
  there 's so much bad coming in that language that i 'd rather keep away from it . 
  edit : sorry , i did n't mean that russian should n't be known , ofc it 's good to know a foreign language . 
  however , i do think it 's not good to have a big russophone population due to their exposure to extreme quantities of propaganda . 
  it 's healthy to know many different foreign languages . 
  yeah , it should definitely be finland for estonia . 
  russians are not moving to russia nowadays , so russia should be only a marginal destination now . 
  uk , australia etc should be more important . 
  nobody celebrates nazi occupation here , maybe some far-right nuts , which i 've never met in my life . 
  and i 'm really getting tired of this blaming . 
  yes , it 's not a period to be proud of , but what do you expect from people that were being occupied by two most horrible regimes of europe at the time and in world war at the same time ? 
  it 's like you put people in a prison without food and water and then blame them for doing some horrible stuff there . 
  almost all of the island 's population , numbering slightly under 300 before wwii , were historical swedes , yeah . 
  they escaped to sweden in 1944 due to returning soviet occupation , along with some 80 ' 000 estonians or so . 
  most of the population growth in ussr was immigration of russian workers . 
  estonians ' birth rate was actually strongly below those of western europe and their number hardly changed , hovering around 1 million for the entire occupation period . 
  so that meant russians ' share rising from something like 7 % before wwii to over 30 % in 1989 , just before collapse of ussr . 
  after collapse of ussr , some of those russians left . 
  this was one factor in strong decline of population . 
  but changing from 50 years of communism to free market western capitalism does n't bring you prosperity overnight . 
  on the contrary , the economy plunged into deep crisis , unemployment , crime and poverty skyrocketed . 
  this , of course , made number of births collapse due to horrible socio-economic situation . 
  furthermore , many people left for western europe for a better life . 
  only in time , as the economy has adapted , reforms started to work etc , the birth rate has somewhat recovered . 
  but this is after decades of emigration and low births , which means it has already dealt a huge blow to the population . 
  it 's nothing to celebrate , but it 's at least better than several southern and eastern european countries where birth-death ratio is approaching something like 2:3 already , coupled with emigration . 
  most of europe has bad demographics , afaik every single european country ( excluding turkey , including russia ) has a birth rate below 2.1 that 's necessary to just keep the population stable in long-term . 
  some small immigration coupled with effective integration policies can cover the gap , but that germany-style 1 + million migrants from mostly from unstable , poor , undereducated countries would just replace one problem with several others . 
  do n't forget that estonia liberated northern latvia . 
  and then we wanted to start war with you because you did n't give us all of valga and some other northern territories as a reward . 
  of course , no islands for you either , not even that one small ~ ~ ro\u0146u sala ~ ~ ruhnu . 
  such nice neighbours we are , right ? 
  lithuania did declare its independence slightly earlier , though . 
  they also paid a price for that , getting sanctioned by moscow and later those january 1991 events . 
  it makes sense , too - they did n't have such a massive amount of people that stood firmly against independence ( factories controlled directly from moscow and full of russian-speaking workers ) . 
  another important part for estonia was at least the argument about whether to restore republic of estonia or to create a new country . 
  lithuania gave all people that lived there citizenship , while we had to do a restoring procedure . 
  so i do n't see a reason why you should n't give them credit for that . 
  they did it slightly earlier because of different situations and decisions . 
  then again , estonia was the first to adopt its own currency , for example . 
  but why is n't estonia chude in russian ? 
  we demand a historical name . 
  at least we do n't * hate * russia , only * dislike * . 
  wow , ntv in moldova is even in romanian language ? 
  the cancer seems to have spread far there ... ( it 's a putinist network that is also popular among baltic russians , but it 's only in russian here ) . 
  kazakhstan is quite wealthy for a central asian country due to its oil and other natural resources . 
  just look at their [ exports ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/kazakhstan_export_treemap.jpg ) . 
  belarus is actually a strongly underreformed economy , most of the companies are still owned by the state and it still has a communist central planning feeling to it . 
  the state is unable to keep the currency stable ( they 're going to redenominate their currency for the 3rd time already this year since collapse of ussr ) . 
  it does not have much room to grow with such stagnant model . 
  their success is mostly built upon cheap resources from russia + low wages = high cost effectiveness over neighbours . 
  i am truly wondering what brussels is thinking here . 
  a few days until 9th may when tallinn and riga will once again look like putin 's russia . 
  then we 're all reminded the wonders of forced immigration of undereducated people from foreign culture and surely adore the multiculturalism . 
  at that case , we 'd quite clearly start looking for alliance with finland and sweden . 
  as of today , germany would be quite at the bottom of the list , even below spain . 
  probably asking why you are named after rome . 
  well , you 're hopeless . 
   as it seems western europe is more busy trying to improve your situation and making you less reliant on russia . 
  and where could this be seen ? 
  because what i see is we trying to integrate ourselves to europe and de-attach from russia . 
  45 % of estonia 's trade is with nordic countries compared to about 5-6 % of russia ( which , by looking at the map , is an incredible achievement ) . 
  we 're planning rail baltic to connect railways to central europe . 
  we 're also planning to connect to central european energy grid and de-attach ourselves from russian one . 
  of course , we can use all the aid we need , eu funds , for example , but it 's not like other countries are not getting that , we just have to spend more on stuff that 's not only economically beneficial , but also has that integration and security feature . 
   so the solution would be to have a common energy union for example as well , where the baltics pay the same gas price as us and only the eu negotiates as a whole . 
  absolutely , definitely , we support that very much . 
   these are things western europe has been working on . 
  i 'm sorry , but you seem to not have been paying attention . 
  energy union is not going to happen , we 've got that clear . 
  germany is not willing to let go of its special relations with russia and we 'll always be paying more than them due to political reasons . 
   but with the current mentality in the baltics and your blatant hatred and despise for us , it might as well be a dead-end as you 're making it all a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i 'm sorry , but do you live in a parallel universe ? 
  where the hell do you see ` blatant hatred and despise ' ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen such thing in my life , nor in / r/europe . 
  unless you 're confusing some criticism with hatred , one example germany being too ignorant towards russia . 
  because we 're not finland . 
  we 're the country that experienced 50 years of communist dictatorship , which is why not only is our economy still recovering from that , it still influences people 's mindsets . 
  we 're closer to russia than finland when it comes to values , and even though the youth might look strongly towards nordics ( i do , at least ) , we 're demographically still a small share and it takes decades to change the core of the voting base . 
  so people move to richer and more developed western countries , mainly to finland ( due to geographical proximity and similar language ) , but also to australia , for example . 
  fortunately , things * do * improve here as well and the population decrease has almost stopped now . 
  some estimate that estonia might be reaching the point where it starts to have more immigrants than emigrants . 
  one can hope ... 
   having an eu army changes things completely . 
  that army would be common , it training or stationing in estonia or poland would be business as usual . 
  okay , so it 'd be a step to a some kind of federal eu . 
  sorry , but looking at where eu is heading right now and how it is unable to even efficiently control its borders , that 's something of a sci-fi right now . 
   right now moving german troops to the baltics is a political statement , not only to the baltics , but to russia . 
  a statement the germans do not want to make . 
  and then we 'd still have a largely german-dominated army that does n't want to move any military equipment or personnel into ` eastern territories ' in order to not annoy dear russia ? 
  what 's the difference , really ? 
   on the other hand , a common eu army also means that estonians might be serving on vessels operating of the coast of venezuela or argentina . 
  our world is larger than russia , and common means common . 
  so just like nato has missions far abroad and where we already take part in ? 
  do n't try to pretend like we do n't know russia is # 1 problem only for our region , we know very well that many western europeans would close their eyes and keep business as usual with russia only as long as cheap gas would keep running . 
  so why would then we ever agree to a eu army that only exists to please germans ' paranoia about us intervention and does n't actually do the one thing army is supposed to do - protect the country ? 
  with a tone like that , you act way worse than those `` smug , narcissistic butthurt balts '' . 
  we 're wondering that too , considering how super developed , nordic , tolerant , wealthy and beautiful our country is .
