  the way i see it , a random tabloid article ( if not even a complete lie ) is enough for germany to block an entire country from visa freedom . 
  while over a million middle-eastern and african migrants are not a problem `` for german public '' . 
  utterly ridiculous . 
  far-right , of course . 
  oh , do n't worry . 
  rest of eu far-rights will find common ground with putin eventually as well , considering their values are very similar . 
  no czechs triggered by ` eastern ' ? 
  i 'm disappointed . 
   the problem and disparity stems from the fact that they 're so isolated . 
  russian information sphere plays an even bigger role here , i 'd say . 
  otherwise , those in tallinn should be already integrated by now , but the situation is not much better than in ida-virumaa , because people still live in a foreign information world , rarely having contact with estonian and even european media , for that matter . 
  did you hit your head somewhere ? 
  how could you possibly read all these things out from my comment ? 
   and therefore , really do n't differ much from russians of russia . 
   and thank god for that . 
  you mean thank putin for that , right ? 
  and soviet union . 
  it 's not better in latvia , though . 
  are n't there like over 100 000 non-citizens unable to vote in riga alone ? 
  statistics seem to confirm that . 
  however , these are still our people we 've lost , who could work in estonia ( we are lacking less-skilled workers ) , who could develop themselves here . 
  that 's why i like the nordic model - sure , having few skills gives you worse job , but it still pays enough to have a decent life . 
  and somebody needs to do the job anyway . 
  one could argue english is an international language that gives access to most of the world , and which primary users , uk and usa are both rather multicultural , international , democratic and free nations . 
  when it comes to russian , well , it 's spoken only in ex-ussr countries , mainly in russia , and the media in that country is largely government-controlled and full of propaganda . 
  unsurprisingly , the people that follow that media are also with very different values from those in the west . 
  and , we of course have all the finno-ugric nations in russia who have lost their identity and are being russified , to compare . 
  so sorry , but i 'm not really willing to switch to russian in hope that we 'll be as fierce as the irish one day , only with a way less useful language . 
  i 'm sorry , but what are you talking about ? 
  there 's no `` region in estonia which does n't have voting right '' . 
  voting rights are given on the basis of citizenship only , and nothing else , not by region , not by nationality etc. 
  sure , that 's right . 
  but the russian citizens of estonia number 100 000 which is very significant . 
  and well , i ca n't really compare estonian election patterns to russian ones . 
  oh , i see there has been a census in 2014 . 
  okay , they have another similar slump in the population , which was a `` total surprise '' for the statistics office , i guess . 
  i forgot about the transnistria , which probably twists the results a bit . 
  do they have a separate census or what ? 
  sure , after stalin 's death , the local moscow-approved commies could decide some things themselves . 
  although whenever they got some ideas moscow did n't like , well , that 's another story . 
  i mean , even in the `` independent '' eastern bloc countries , ussr did n't hesitate to invade ( hungary 1956 , czechoslovakia 1968 , which both were already after stalin 's death ) . 
  just think how much less could they decide inside ussr . 
  lithuania did manage to avoid such a large-scale immigration as estonia and latvia , but how much of it was because of smart local commies , and how much because of other circumstances ( oil shale mining in estonia , latvian industries , baltic ports , kaliningrad next to lithuania , where over a million russians migrated ) , is not clear . 
  eughh , alright , i 'll find some for you . 
  * likelihood to support cohabitation act [ that also legalizes gay partnerships in estonia ] , by [ age and native language ] ( http://www.ut.ee/kristjan.vassil/wp-content/uploads/vanus_keel.jpg ) . 
  red - estonian , blue - russian . 
  from [ this university of tartu research ] ( http://www.ut.ee/kristjan.vassil/?p=735 ) . 
  * [ russian citizens in estonia support putin even more than those in russia ] ( http://maailm.postimees.ee/760680/putin-korjas-eestis-voimsa-haaltesaagi ) - apparently 86 % of russian citizens in estonia supported putin in 2012 elections , while only 64 % of russian citizens in russia did the same . 
  * [ open estonia foundation polling comparing information channels of estonians and russians ] ( http://www.saarpoll.ee/userfiles/file/aef_aruanne__1_.pdf ) most important information channels for estonians : estonian tv , for russians : pbk , rtr ( russian channels ) . 
  note that estonian tv is also available in russian language . 
  most important event in media : ukraine events ( 79 % for ee , 85 % for ru ) , but shooting down malaysia airline was multiple times more important for estonians ( 24 % vs 5 % for russians ) . 
  hmm , i wonder if russian media downplayed it because separatists made a tiny mistake ? 
  you could easily search for yourself in latvia aswell , unfortunately i do n't speak latvian and my russian is not great enought to find trustable polls and researches . 
   i know the situation in estonia is quite different , you have disenfranchised your russian population to the point where large portion of them now live below the poverty line and struggle with problems like alcoholism and drug use . 
  actually , russians are not that much worse off from estonians in living standards . 
  many of the richest businessmen are russians . 
  drug use is certainly a problem that was something that spilled over from russia in 1990s and just spread insanely here due to very heavy concentration of russiains in small geographic area . 
   in latvia the situation is different . 
  not very much , i believe . 
   russians in latvia are part of the society . 
  do you mean the 280 000 non-citizens compared to just 80 000 in estonia ? 
  and afaik , they ca n't even vote in local elections , while those in estonia can . 
   we are not newcomers , most russians in latvia lived in latvia for longer then latvia existed as an independent state or where born in lativa to those people . 
  i know latvia had some significant russian minority before wwii aswell ( way bigger than in estonia ) , but the majority of today 's russians were still soviet-era migrants . 
   what is that `` difference '' that you want to see ? 
  my point is that i believe that there is a latvian russian / estonian russian etc identity when i see from opinion polls and value surveys that baltic russians have more similar values to estonians/latvians than to russians in russia . 
  that is not the case today , not even close . 
  according to their statistics offices , yeah . 
  just look at [ moldova ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/moldova/population ) - choose max an you can see the `` tiny '' miscalculation their census revealed in 1998 . 
  and yet , they 've continued to calculate that only a handful of people leave the country . 
  i mean , i would n't be surprised if the population was actually below 3 million at this point . 
  i have no idea why they 're doing such things when it 's obvious to any sane person that the data is completely wrong . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  belarus is in europe and far away from those underdeveloped african or asian countries that would prefer belarus . 
  if they come this far , they 'd definitely choose a wealthier country than belarus . 
  russia is an immigration destination because of its ties to former ussr in central asia and caucasus . 
  you have widely known russian language which people there can still somewhat speak , you have special agreements with those countries which make labour movement easier etc , and moscow and st. petersburg are more or less wealthy cities even by european standards . 
  and for ukraine , c'mon , that data is just absurd . 
  ukraine is in a military conflict , it is incredibly corrupt and its gdp ( ppp ) per capita is below several african ones . 
  it 's surrounded by countries that are richer . 
  it 's not realistic in any circumstances that it has positive net migration . 
  forced in the sense that locals could n't really get to decide anything about what happened in their own country , that included about who migrated there . 
   it is possible to speak russian and still be proud to be latvian . 
  yes , it 's possible , but it 's incredibly unlikely . 
  identities like these take a lot of time , even centuries to form , but most russians in latvia are newcomers . 
  it does n't help that most of them also grow up in a russian information sphere ( and russian in the sense of russian federation , not only russian language ) and therefore , really do n't differ much from russians of russia . 
   belarus is cleaner and less corrupt , more soviet so to speak . 
  these might invite a few russians , but are definitely not the main arguments for somebody to leave their ( wealtheir ) home country . 
   plus more higher costs and more criminality . 
  just like every other economic center in the world . 
  i mean , latvian forests are very peaceful , clean and quiet , but people still wo n't move there . 
   the economic problems you used as counter-argument are a recent issue , but the data are for 2010-2015 . 
  well , we also have the 2011 crisis with the currency there . 
  my point was that there 's no major growth to attract workers , and the living standards are not high enough to attract people , except for ukrainians i guess . 
  but even then , there are more attractive destinations . 
   during the communist era , things were terrible , but at least fertility held up . 
  that 's why i am saying you 're rambling . 
  the deterioation really started after communism , hence the transition period was a failure . 
  in countries like estonia and latvia , soviet occupation actually made these nations have one of the lowest fertility rates in europe and completely miss the post-wwii child boom of europe . 
  yes , the transition to market economy had a huge blow to post-soviet states , but it was largely unavoidable .
