   do n't also the ethnic finnic karelians in the russian karelia is for independence or unification with finland , or at least for stronger bounds with the finnish karelia or finland ? 
  some few remaining karelians might support unification with finland , but they 're a tiny minority whose open calls would be treated as crime in russia . 
  russians in karelia might want a closer relationship with finland , for economic benefit mostly ( wealthy finnish tourists and finnish investments ) , but nothing that would threat them being part of russia . 
   it 's normal that it has been russified , but was n't it the same for some estonian regions for example . 
  even though , estonia get it 's independence , including those regions . 
  estonia was lucky , to be honest . 
  yes , people here wanted independence and voiced it out loudly in the late 1980s , but we never had real power to do it . 
  soviet army was here and in the end , they had the power . 
  soviet union collapsed and fortunately , yeltsin just decided to let ussr go and so we did . 
  a quick integration with the west was , looking back now , a very smart move , that installed a strong wall between us and russia - nato and eu . 
  if we would have wanted to broke away from russia today , i do n't think it would have been possible without russian-speaking regions being cut out . 
  with karelia , i think [ this ] ( http://www.conflicts.rem33.com/images/finland/wat_is_karjala.htm ) explains very nicely what that region is . 
  the east karelia used to be under russian influence for a very long time , so it 's quite natural it was russified . 
  but the green-marked area was always part of finland , and spoke finnish ( or well karelian , but it 's considered to be a dialect in finland ) . 
  but after ussr annexed most of it , most karelians were taken to finnish-controlled areas . 
  and well , this probably lost a lot of their identity , many adopted a finnish identity , instead of karelian . 
  i 'm actually in south karelia right now ( in finland , of course ) , people do have some distinct words and such , but they consider themselves as finns primarily . 
   did it ever really need to be , though ? 
  considering we even have a common currency , yes . 
  for britain 's preferred type of eu , probably not . 
  free movement is one of the pillars of eu . 
  besides , has n't there already been court rulings that moving into other eu state just to get benefits is not allowed ? 
  and in addition , we have uk unemployment that is among the lowest in eu . 
  what are those huge issues eu immigrants are creating ? 
  this whole issue feels incredibly overblown . 
  that 's not viable anymore . 
  just like with every finno-ugric nation in russia , their number is constantly decreasing and russians make up a majority there . 
  in fact , russians make up even larger share of the population there than in the whole federation in general . 
  it 's gone . 
  if brits are so worried about too much immigration , why do n't they cut non-eu migration ? 
  those still make up half ( even more ? ), 
  of all migrants . 
  and i definitely do n't think they 'd integrate more easily than europeans . 
   and it looks good on the map . 
  better annex kaliningrad . 
   well , but that 's how democracy works . 
  are you trying to say that we 're supposed to follow what a minority of the people want ? 
  i ca n't decide anything here , but i certainly would n't go for independence myself . 
   just to give you an idea , we pay 16.000 m $ in taxes every year ( around 8 to 9 % of our gdp ) that are n't reinvested , while being forced to accrue debt which in turn we can only pay beacause madrid wants us to . 
  that 's because you are a single country . 
  it 's kinda how it works . 
  in germany , bavaria is the one paying more than receiving ; in uk , it 's london ; in italy , it 's the north etc. 
  in return , you have a giant unified market and wide infrastructure network . 
   spain is going down the drain . 
  but it is n't anymore . 
  the economy has been growing for over 2 years and that trend seems to continue . 
  out of the mediterranean crisis countries , it 's doing , by far , the best . 
  in fact , spain might soon overtake italy in gdp ( ppp ) per capita . 
  true , the very high unemployment problem remains , but that is also improving . 
  to be honest , support for independence of catalonia has hovered around 50 % for a long time now , and it 's actually the worst number possible . 
  it means that in any case , almost half of the people are unsatisfied . 
  also , that even unsignificant or very temporary events before referendum could change the result . 
  kinda like with brexit . 
  i 'm also still not convinced with the reasoning . 
  catalan language is one serious issue , which could use a better official status and more support . 
  language diversity is something that should be valued in europe . 
  but rest of the point seems to be about economy - tax accrual between madrid and barcelona in particular . 
  however , creating a separate state would only hit the economy , creating the need for additional state resources , breaking the existing ties and forming a crisis in europe . 
  i do n't think that 's still realistic as spain would apply huge pressure on eu peers . 
  nevertheless , even if lithuania did that , its influence is very tiny and none of the bigger eu states would follow . 
  spain itself is one big reason but there are several potential separatist movements in europe so countries with those would opposite it aswell . 
  and what is more , nobody is looking for more instability in europe at this point . 
  catalonia 's history , economy , infrastructure etc are all so intertwined with spain that it would be way more reasonable to find a solution being part of spain . 
  i understand that madrid might be very uncooperative , but from outside , a weakened spain and a fractured europe is not something we 'd wish for . 
  just imagine a catalonia without trade relations to spain , which they 've been part of for several centuries , or without any other eu country . 
  they would n't last long . 
  no eu country would recognize your unilateral independence . 
  that was kinda my point with crimea . 
  it was not historically more russian than karelia was finnish . 
  but i do n't see karelia being returned . 
  and let 's be honest , finland has been way , way more succesful in building up a country than russia . 
  i know right . 
  and karelia has been finnish since the end of ice age . 
  and only aggressive soviet union took that away in 1940s . 
  so obviously it should be taken back ? 
  no you did n't !, 
  you damn ... czechoslovak . 
  ah , who am i kidding , you probably would n't even mind . 
  how can you be neutral while having a foreign military base on your territory ? 
  that 's some russian logic there . 
  how 's the weather in ljubljana ? 
   because the plan was to kick out russia 's navy from crimea , after the coup . 
  yes , that would have indeed been a realistic scenario . 
  in fact , i personally think ukraine was incredibly stupid to not kick it out immediately in the 1990s , but oh well , they paid dearly for that mistake . 
   but if turkey closes the bosphorus , they 'll lose istanbul to a barrage of cruise missiles , against which they ca n't do anything . 
  it is n't without reason that there are treaties covering the passage of the bosphorus . 
  it 's an essential lifeline for russia . 
  of course , but that still does n't make crimea ` the most valuable piece of land ' for russia . 
  they would still have access to the black sea without crimea , after all , and all the treaties about bosphorus would continue to apply . 
  in fact , as they themselves violated many treaties when occupying and annexing crimea , they risked others doing the same . 
   and why would that base be important for russia ? 
  exactly , in order to have access to the black sea . 
  you have military bases everywhere you want access to ? 
  i mean , in the military sense , yes , the base increases their capabilities in the region , but it definitely does n't guarantee a pass through bosphorus . 
  diplomacy does that . 
   if you can , you do it . 
  if you do n't , that means you ca n't . 
  and by that i mean , if you try , it results in war . 
  bullying russia is one thing , starting a shooting war , or pushing them into a position where they start a shooting war , is another . . now please explain me the logic here . 
  annexing crimea was important to have access to the black sea ?!,
