  finland is probably the only developed western country that has somewhat tolerable relations with russia . 
  it 's beneficial to them , of course . 
  but finland is also in eu . 
  they ca n't really have so unique relations with russia . 
  that 's why i said finland 's not benefiting much , for example , the sanctions apply to them aswell . 
  i 'd also argue if finland was more opposive towards russia , it would weaken russia 's position and strengthen eu 's . 
  and for the last part , i do n't have anything against having good relations with russia . 
  why would i ? 
  however , i 'd like to point it out again that we 're having extremely good relations with all our other neighbours , except for russia . 
  but in russia 's case , you 'd really have to look which neighbour gets along with them . 
  i mean , something has to change there . 
  and yes , we ca n't change it alone , but that 's the reason why we 've aligned so strongly with eu and nato . 
  not that i would ever approve being in russia 's ` sphere of influence ' , which , indeed , is one of the worst ones to belong to , but ukraine 's problems indeed are not to blame only on russia . 
  ukraine 's worst problems are firstly , deep corruption , which is not in any way better than in russia , but secondly , a divided country . 
  in fact , the latter could be exploited by russia to annex crimea and create chaos in eastern ukraine . 
  economic problems related to the conflicts themselves are , of course , felt harshly in ukraine , but the country was strongly underperforming even before . 
  but , of course , ukraine missing out on the world 's largest economic bloc for the last decades , and instead concentrating on way smaller and less stable russia , has also been a mistake . 
  one they 're trying to fix now . 
   that 's not a threat . 
  it 's a statement of obvious fact . 
  and when i tell my neighbour i ` have to react ' when they party too loud in the night , that 's also not a threat , it 's just ` stating an obvious fact ' ? 
  a softer word for the same thing . 
   barbarossa was real , and we participated in it . 
  so here a historical nazi invasion plan is a totally relevant thing for russia , but baltics pointing out to soviet occupation is some stuck-in-history warmongering ? 
   we have a longer border with russia than entire rest of eu combined , and we have far less russian troops around it . 
  hate to break it to you , but it 's not like there are that many people living in so up north , which means there 's less to conquer , there 's less to protect etc. 
  norway is also in nato and yet i do not see russia being too hostile to them . 
   unlike with say , estonia , where they are reacting to estonian hysterics , which in turn causes us to pour scorn on you because the troops they put to counter us troops you bring in are close enough to our borders . 
  you know , you could at least try to take a more neutral position and not call our actions as hysterics . 
  i 'm not demanding you to agree , but it 's getting ridiculous . 
  we 're spending like 2 % of gdp on defence , compared to 5 % for russia ( and we 're 100x smaller country ) . 
  we have n't invaded our neighbours , unlike russia . 
  we 're not claiming any historical regions back . 
  the only thing we are doing is asking some nato troops , the military alliance we 've been part of for 12 years now , to here as a response of russia invading ukraine . 
  and it 's not even that much because we 're afraid of invading , it 's also because it 's a symbolic message that we 're not going to stand idle while russia invades neighbours . 
  so you 're hoping for minsk to suffer even more than it already does ? 
  what a nice ~ ~ belarusian ~ ~ russian you are . 
  seriously , why do you even claim to be one if you put moscow 's interests above those of minsk . 
  you most probably do n't even know belarusian . 
   went full retard estonia style and put us assault troops and heavy armour in two hour strike range of st. petersburg you 're implying like finland 's way would be so much superior , while your economic relations suffer just as much and security-wise , it 's even worse than estonia . 
  at least we joined nato when it had decent relations with russia and was n't portrayed as # 1 enemy . 
  now , finland is being threatened if it wants to join . 
  sorry but we do n't put russians ' security emotions above ours . 
  it 's russia 's problem they built st. petersburg so close to us and then behaved like an asshole , not ours . 
  furthermore , the bases are not even that close to the border , unlike russia 's ( pskov ) . 
   but it still not enough for you , is it ? 
  it 's enough for me when clear majority of russians do n't have a stalinist view on the events of wwii and soviet invasions . 
  just be honest , you 're a russian-speaker yourself , right ? 
  you know very well how many of your compatriots actually think there was no occupation , or if there was , it was totally justified . 
  so tell me , if that putin statement is enough and it 's just me that 's not happy with it , how come so few of russians share the view ? 
  after all , do n't like 90 % of russians approve him ? 
   go for it , just let me know first so i book a holiday somewhere further away ... 
  so your argument is not that i 'm wrong , it 's more about russia stronk ? 
  we do n't even want those lands back anymore , but the hypocrisy of our dear eastern neighbour is just on a new level . 
   from your comment i understand that you hear only what you want to hear , and you want to hear how bad russians are . 
  the opposite examples you just disregard . 
  i basically commented on every part of the video . 
  what i want to see is an official statement directly from russian federation . 
  and i have every reason to want that , because even among the russians in baltics , it 's very common to deny occupation and soviet crimes . 
  and as the reason for that is following putin 's russia media , we know the source of it . 
   i mean if you did n't want to hear it from putin who did you want to hear from ? 
  a press show to ( mostly ) domestic audience , referring to a 1989 , a perestroika-era ussr statement , is definitely not something i trust . 
  especially considering russia has already `` fixed '' some ussr `` mistakes '' , such as crimea . 
  and a statement masked behind lies and other chauvinistic statements . 
   could you give me an exact date from which modern standards apply ? 
  as league of nations was formed after wwi , you could take that as one certain milestone the world reached . 
  there 's also a difference between conquering a territory and a whole country . 
   here 's putin saying that occupation of baltic states is the same as colonialism and it was a result of collaboration between soviet and german government . 
  is n't that what it is ? 
  i know that video . 
  he 's referring to a 1989 ( ! ), 
  soviet resolution and says that means russia has done everything necessary . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  with all the messy ideology in today 's russia that randomly combines imperial , soviet and putinist views and elements , i 'd definitely expect one official statement clearly from the russian federation . 
  some people claim that russia was just one part of ussr , it declared its independence from it , also suffered from it ( especially when they talk about ussr crimes ) , then it 's ussr always about russia , all the glory , historical continuation etc. 
  or else , we could go back to our view of estonian-russian border and say everything is clear as of 1920 , and russia is still occupying 5 % of estonian territory . 
  also , pay reparations for occupying estonia , killing and deporting natives , plus colonizing it etc. 
  then he continues about some absolute bullshit pseudo-history , that somehow independent baltics ( or estonia ? 
  in this case ) was somehow started by ceding them to germany . 
  you know , the typical chauvinistic bullshit that we 're just playground for bigger nations . 
  i guess he mixed up something from wwi , when germany tried to conquer baltics , and failed . 
  estonians fought against germans for their independence , btw . 
  then he claims that 1944 ( mistakenly says 1941 ) was not occupation anymore as ussr `` reconquered its territories '' . 
  you know , the typical `` once russian , always russian '' bullshit . 
  for us , it 's still occupation . 
  and then comes the biggest bullshit of it all , him claiming how post-ussr borders are sacred and that we should n't even dare about thinking to get back pre-wwii areas from russia as it would start a mess , like russia could claim crimea ( !!! ), 
  for historical reasons . 
  so , because he himself did what he warned us not to , does it mean we now have the right to invade ivangorod and pechory ? 
  sorry , but that man is full of bs , a lying corrupt chauvinist . 
  his words are empty . 
   trying to gauge russian actions back in first part of the 20th century by the standards of the 21st century is ridiculous . 
  and your mistake is judging it by the standards of some 18th century or so . 
  there 's a reason why we do n't refer to estonia being part of russian empire as occupation , but we do when we talk about it being part of soviet union . 
   it 's time to accept it and let go of the butthurt . 
  so edgy that might work on / r/russia , but we certainly wo n't just let go of the fact that russia refuses to call actions of the past what they were . 
  if those actions are considered normal or even `` liberation '' ( as some call there ) , i have every reason to believe russia would be willing to do it again . 
  after all , you see nothing wrong with it , do you ? 
   the actual pact was , let 's not interfere with each other actions as long as you stay to one side of this line an i stay at another side of that line . 
  exactly , which also included `` let 's not interfere with you occupying your half of eastern and central europe '' . 
   signing pacts with germany about partitioning other countries is not exclusive to ussr .
