  secondly , estonia is about to legalize gay partnership in 2015-2016 , which has sparked a lot of debate , but it will most likely go through . 
  there 's really nothing strong to hold it back - all surveys show the most ~ ~ intolerant ~ ~ conservative people to be older generations ( and russians ) . 
  moreover , finland is about to legalize gay marriage , which puts at least a slight pressure on estonia . 
  i 'm actually amazed just how can russia even imagine itself to be in a victim position , when it 's currently clearly the most agressive country in europe and probably also the most disliked one by now . 
  just how long can you believe in this putin 's fairytale that everyone is against the righteous russia ? 
  how can people still support the regime ? 
  it resembles no other than nazi germany of 1930s , but we 're talking about 2014 here . 
  oh you poor russians , always bullied by other countries . 
  starting with the fascist pribaltika , which betrayed russia and joined the evil west , then georgia and now ukraine . 
  how could they ? 
  i mean , russia is the best neighbour you could have , is n't it ? 
  it 's not like they 're constantly attacking , annexing , bullying and threatening its small neighbours . 
  they 're only trying to liberate them from us and western opression . 
  it 's inequality adjusted , which is n't the best measurement imo . 
  for example , estonia ranks better than usa and south korea there , which is hardly the case . 
  we 'll take it . 
  you 're right , but such large population decline is a big warning that the economy is not balanced . 
  looking at lithuanian wages and gdp ( ppp ) , it seems that companies benefit from low wages , but people suffer . 
  i would n't be surprised if lithuanian wage/gdp ratio would be the lowest in eu . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  some would say that they 're 2nd generation immigrants , for example . 
  it depends how you define an immigrant . 
  well yeah , it 's not easy to get comparable information on immigrants , but asians make up over 1/4 of birmingham 's and nearly a fifth of london 's population . 
  i do n't think that european immigrant numbers would be even nearly comparable to these numbers . 
  sorry , but i ca n't take this seriously when there are over 1.5 million indians and 1.3 million pakistani in uk , while poles , by far the largest group of immigrants from newer eu member states , do n't even make up 1 million of uk citizens . 
  moreover , poles ( and ukrainans , for that matter ) come form considerably more developed countries , which means the workforce is most likely to be more educated and less different from british culture . 
  it 's just ridiculous how eu is used as a scapegoat for justifying immigration , while uk itself actually is responsible for the majority of ( non-european ) immigrants . 
  it 's insane how kulli means dick in finnish . 
  it means hawk in estonian and children even play * kulli * ( as the game of tag ) . 
  wtf , finland ? 
  more like russia is not working for you . 
  imf estimates 2015 : nominal : estonia : $ 22 206 czech republic : $ 19 497 ppp estonia : $ 24 393 czech republic : $ 29 116 something tells me estonia is not that much more expensive . 
  estonia and latvia experienced massive immigration of russians during soviet occupation , lithuania - not so much . 
  for example , russians ' share in estonia rose from ~ 5 % before wwii to over 30 % in late 1980s , in latvia it went over a third . 
  upon restoring independence , estonia and latvia did not give citizenship to the russians as they did n't even speak the official languages of the countries and their influence on the countries ' political sphere could have had negative consequences . 
  russians did n't even make up a tenth in lithuania , so their influence was small , and they were all given lithuanian citizenship . 
  russia constantly critisizes the move of estonia and latvia , but let 's be honest , lots of russians were indeed very hostile to the baltics ( as one can witness [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwq1tjev5r8 ) ) and we may say that it was a key decision , which lead to quick reforms and membership of eu and nato . 
  otherwise , we could be ukraine vol 2 . 
  [ this ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/comparative_price_levels_for_food,_beverages_and_tobacco ) is the latest official stuff i found on prices . 
   and eesti looks more expensive to live than czech republic i 'm sure that 's the case , but the linked webpage is not really a good source for comparison . 
  estonian prices are weirdly rounded and not accurate at all . 
  just random takeouts from me : potatoes 0.20 $ ( in the website 0.51 $ ) , milk 0.59 $ ( 0.65 $ ) , mcdonald 's 4.80 $ ( 5.00 $ ) , apples 1.09 $ ( 1.27 $ ) . 
  and the prices for clothes are even more questionable : 102 $ for a pair of leather shoes ? 
  official data is much more reliable ( e.g. 
  eurostat ) . 
  ahh , that explains it . 
  i guess comparing these with ppp numbers would help a lot . 
   this is unadjusted for ppp . 
  i get it , but have really slovakia and estonia overtaken czech republic in nominal gdp per capita ? 
  also , cz difference from neighbouring de and at is weirdly high . 
  czech republic 's number seems a bit too small . 
  the data is a bit outdated , though . 
  it is now ~ 10 % gdp , mostly due to participation in esm . 
  also , i 'm not a big fan of our country 's policy to keep the debt levels so low . 
  sure , debts must be sustainable and invested in long-term profitable projects , but having the title of `` europe 's lowest debt '' should not be a goal itself . 
  managing the economy best way possible should . 
  loans in europe are currently very cheap and i think estonia should use this situation . 
  and we 're not exactly germany , so there 's really a lot to invest into . 
  thanks for the long explanation . 
  i 'm probably just too estonian-oriented in this case ( currency was alread pegged to $ before ) and i did n't like the attitude how euro was supposed to be the source of all eu crises suddenly . 
  i agree with your points , but even so , it still , at least partly , is a problem of certain countries - that are not competitive enough ( the euro is overvalued for them ) or that are not integrated enough . 
  also , the decisions of ecb ca n't be blamed on euro as the decisions are made by people , not the currency . 
  estonia is not doing fine . 
  2 of 4 of our largest trading partners are in recession or stagnating and rest have considerably slowed growth . 
  exports makes up over 3/4 of our economy , so it 's clearly felt here . 
  i 'm just saying that the euro is not making it worse . 
  especially in the case of estonia as our previous currency was alread pegged to euro . 
  well , uk 's growth is 3.2 % , but ireland 's is nearly 8 % yoy . 
  as i said , i do n't believe that euro is somehow magically lowering economic growth . 
  sure , the not-so-high integration level of euro area countries is a factor , but let 's not forget that the main problem for this crisis are debt levels , which has been entirely upon the countries themselves to decide . 
  true , cheap euro loans were used recklessly by many countries , but again , the countries themselves are to blame for this . 
  it 's not much better for [ uk ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp ), 
  that does n't show anything , i 'd say , it 's not about the euro . 
  you could have shown slovakia as the biggest grower in eu in recent decade , despite having euro . 
  at the same time , you could have shown hungary , which has stagnated for years and has been unable to catch up with rest of europe . 
  should i mention that they do not have $ ? 
  now , ireland is the biggest grower in europe , again having $ . 
  it 's much more complicated than just about a currency . 
  reminds me of all these sites estonia is not listed . 
  usually picked finland then . 
  now somebody can make a poll about `` if your country is not in the list , which country do you usually pick ? '', 
  aah , good old salatut el\u00e4m\u00e4t . 
  seemed like some sort of finnish the bold & and the beautiful , though . 
  [ yes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro_banknotes#europa_series ), 
   do estonians understand finnish ? 
  to some extent , like we get the idea what they 're talking about , but not the complete sentences . 
  finns do n't understand us that good because in estonian , many words have shortened and some unnecessary suffixes disappeared , which makes estonian seem fast ( short ) to finns . 
  for us , finnish words are abnormally long . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3czalu9dcm ) version is much better . 
  a bit disappointing to see estonia 's - local russians yet again stuck in ` russkiy mir ' , not even using the same search engine or social media site as estonians . 
  and still no hd-channel to be seen , for god 's sake err , it 's 2014 already . 
  what ? 
  where did i mention that ? 
  it looks like it is you , who have complexes like that, 
  it does n't matter that their population is stable by quantity . 
  if they become minority , they are not the dominant culture anymore , they lose the power and get assimilated , especially when the majority nation is heavily preferred by the state and higher education is only available in majority language etc. 
  their languages will die and it is exactly the goal of current russia , to get a mass of easily manipulated ` homo soveticuses ' . 
  just think of the mass hysteria of russians in crimea and eastern ukraine . 
  i just hope it wo n't take 13 + years and $ 8.5 b ( that 's the size of estonia 's annual budget ) to be built ... 
  sorry finns , i just had to point this out .
