  all fish in gulf of ~ ~ riga ~ ~ livonia are eesti !, 
  we shoot latvija boat no steal eesti fish !, 
  you base a whole set of values purely on a single issue , that is acceptance of homosexuality . 
  and even that only about a single question which might have quite a different shade of extremes behind the answerers . 
  and this issue is hardly related to conservative christians in central and eastern europe . 
  estonia is not very christian , but it 's apparently not very acceptive of homosexuality . 
  that 's just entirely wrong . 
  who thell upvotes such bullshit ? 
  over a million migrants were brought from ussr to baltics during soviet occupation . 
  in fact , estonia and latvia had the lowest birth rates in europe after wwii , completely missing out on the baby boom rest of europe had , with population grewing almost only because of mass immigration ( colonization ? ) . 
  latvians became a minority in riga and briefly , even estonians in tallinn . 
  of course you 'll feel a bit relieved that russians leave if just a few decades ago , you were about to become a minority in your own native country . 
  it 's just playing stupid . 
  i remember reading about the exact same scheme like years ago . 
  it was obvious to everybody with even slightest idea of the deal that the turbines would be taken to crimea . 
  siemens should be sanctioned for this . 
  so who exactly in europe is doing that ? 
  this weekend , it 's going to be best weather in like 2 weeks or so . 
  the daily maximum was like 12 degrees in tallinn a few days ago , and the chilly winds made it even worse . 
  try 50 % . 
  and that 's a country next door to the world 's most developed and socially liberal and tolerant countries . 
  it gets kinda depressing if you 've waited for the brief period of warmth for like 9 months in freezing cold and soggy-windy-rainy weather and even then it gets barely 20 degrees , so the water might not even heat up to go swim in the sea . 
  that said , estonia has had already 3 months below average temperature , that is already as last summer was rather cold . 
  i kinda want the heatwave to spread here , for a week at least . 
  would you please enlighten us on why is that ? 
  8 -- 11 months in estonia . 
  china more liked than usa . 
  so much for making america great again ... 
  well , liking would imply they are looking forward to serve the country and they enjoy the time , while supporting means they understand the necessity , but do not necessarily enjoy the time there . 
   israel has also conscription for women , but there they do n't do the same things as men do . 
  i think this way is more useful . 
  that 's the thing , there could even be different tasks . 
  why are men here forced to serve nearly a year for the state , while women have nothing comparable ? 
  a common answer is that women give birth , but that 's not an obligation . 
  a man breaks law by not doing conscription , but no sanctions follow for women . 
  as long as such ridiculous situation carries on , having `` gender equality '' sounds idiotic to me . 
  not to mention what estonian ministry of defence seems to be doing is only adding additional pressure for men ( reserve exercises with only 24h prior notice , extra punishments for ignoring conscription , such as no right for driving license ) . 
  oh , and kicking your own citizens out to the forest to host nato guests ( as they themselves failed to build facilities quickly enough ) . 
  all this only decreases my will to serve the country . 
  a bunch of idiots seem to be running this thing . 
  there 's a difference between liking and supporting . 
  i think most consider it a necessity . 
  it 's okay , portugal . 
  i know you 're pretty . 
  considering how often a person needs to visit a toilet , they need to find one anyway . 
  it could n't be such an issue to refill their bottle there as well , especially if they paid for entrance already . 
  going separately to a supermarket is n't much more convenient and as i said , it 's also more of a thing of habit . 
   you 'd have to find one in the first place . 
  that 's just an issue of acknowledging that tap water is better than supermarket bottled water , so people would get a bottle ( or reuse an old one ) . 
  that it 's something to grab with you when going on a trip . 
   as long as you 're near a public toilet , and it has taps with water you 'd want to drink , and you do n't have to pay to go in which puts you back to square one . 
  quite difficult to imagine places without any sources of tap water ( hotel , public tap , toilet etc ) and if there are no such , they just need to add one . 
  the tap water should be acceptable to drink eu-wide ( i 'm not sure , but there have been massive eu-funded water works here to ensure that ) . 
  i also do n't see how paying would scrap the solution , if people need to pay to use the toilet anyway , why not to receive water as well ? 
  why would you have to buy a bottle ? 
  just pack one along . 
  finding taps would not be a problem , you can find one in any public toilet . 
  well , you can technically go to valga and take the train to riga . 
  it 's just they 've not harmonized the schedules , so you could easily have to wait 6 hours or so . 
  the railway link exists , though . 
  we 're just 140km away from st. petersburg . 
  you know , if there was evil west trying to invade russia , kinda dangerous , would n't you say ? 
  and the very same explanation has been used by soviets to justify occupation of baltic states . 
  not to mention if it cooperated with finland , it could close baltic sea access for russia ( kaliningrad would be isolated and cut off ) . 
  this is all theoretical , of course , but estonia would be geopolitically far more important to russia than georgia , which is even safely separated by mountains . 
  technically , only half of it is in europe . 
  italy is like in a constant stagnation , but the trend is still more catastrophic for greece . 
  even after such a big crash , they have n't even rebounded to the slightest . 
  even worse , even as all other eu members show some strong growth numbers , there 's little signs of similar trends in greece . 
  they 're on their way to become the poorest eu member soon . 
  well , tallest building in europe is in the centre of the largest city in europe , which in turn is the capital of the largest country in europe . 
  kinda makes sense it 's there and not in e.g. 
  portugal . 
  bringing a bottle and filling it up with tap water should replace such wasteful habit . 
   no its not normal to serbs , nice racism , so much for estonians not having an ego . 
  that 's why i said it 's pointless to answer with generalizing statements to generalizing statements . 
  i merely used your own tactics to show how stupid it is . 
   ukraine and georgia are far more valuable geopolitically than estonia is . 
  why would that be ? 
  estonia and finland could have the theoretical ability to impose a sea blockade on st. petersburg . 
  that would cut russia entirely off from the baltic sea . 
  what good does georgia do ? 
   for heavens sake estonia is already 1/3 russian , why would they need to invade . 
  it 's 1/4 russian-speaking and apparently , that 's not having too much effect on its foreign policy . 
  though to be honest , that 's probably because we just did n't give soviet migrants automatic citizenship when ussr collapsed so russians were pushed aside from politics . 
   that 's exactly the ego trip you 're having that im talking about , since you got into nato you 've been busting your chest at russia , and as soon as russia does something , you beg nato for more troops/equipment and raise panic . 
  i can play this idiotic game as well . 
  `` russia does something '' meaning russia invades yet another neighbour but this time also annexes part of it . 
  maybe common everyday events to serbs , i guess , but not for us . 
   also , you even believe russia would invade you , like you 're some prized piece of land . 
  indicating russia invades only super-prized lands , e.g. 
  georgia or ukraine ? 
  stop answering with stupid generalizing statements to stupid generalizing statements . 
  really ? 
  in estonia , it was the era of economic boom , to be honest . 
  railways were built to russia and that opened giant markets . 
  national awakening was going on ( despite russification policies at the same time ) etc. 
  beginning of 20th century was a pretty prosperous era for estonia and latvia . 
  just look at how riga grew massively then . 
   especially when in 2020 eu will no longer pay us .
