  and russia , as a country that basically created the separatist `` republics '' , should be also responsible for them . 
  romanians are not gypsies !, 
  are those changes supported in those cities and towns ? 
  people are usually quite reluctant in those things . 
  i do n't know , estonia seems to be getting along very fine with all our other neighbours . 
  in fact , we 've probably never had better relations with them before . 
  now when it comes to russia , i think i 've already brought the facts that estonia has done some pretty good deals for russia . 
  one being withdrawing some sea border with finland to create international corridor for st. petersburg in the baltic sea . 
  another one giving up the territories russia annexed in 1946 . 
  and for that , we do n't even get our president 's stolen medal back . 
  not to mention that we ca n't even decide where we place monuments in our own capital . 
  estonia is spending the minimum target . 
  you can ask latvia and lithuania about their part , but they 've also increased the spending a lot and are planning to reach the 2 % soon . 
  first of all , very few people actually think russia would invade us . 
  if that was not the case , we 'd be preparing for a war . 
  we are n't . 
  but it 's also misleading to state how russia 's actions in ukraine are perfectly understandable ( how come nobody really saw it coming ?!, 
  ) , while invading baltics is something impossible . 
  what 's the difference between eastern latvia and crimea , for example ? 
  neither were originally part of russia , but became part of russian empire . 
  latvia even earlier than crimea , for your information . 
  both became russian-speaking due to soviet deporations and migration policies . 
  both are now full of mostly people that live 24/7 in russian information sphere - that is internet , tv etc. 
  the only real difference is that latvia is wealthier so mother russia might not seem a good deal financially , but even more so , nato and eu . 
  so invading is completely unrealistic , but it 's damn frightening how russia justifies its actions and becomes more aggressive . 
  invasion would have seemed impossible 10 years ago , but the line seems to be getting thinner . 
  this should have very good effect on export competitiveness . 
  oh , that 's right , the chess master has alienated most of the western world and with that , half of the world market . 
  which means much of the competitiveness is useless and means plain impoverishment of russian people . 
  and it 's difficult for russia to find substitution in its eurasian union allies which have all been dragged along due to commodity plunge and russian crisis . 
  but hey , at least business tycoons are profiting from agricultural boom . 
  although i do n't know a single developed country which got rich from agriculture . 
   maybe nuclear bases all around them what nuclear bases ? 
  i 've never heard of anyone even planning a nuclear base in the baltics . 
   active military bases few hundreds km from moscow and st. petersburg yes , too bad russians decided to build such an important city as st. petersburg so close to us . 
  and why do n't you think of the same way from our side ? 
  pskov military base is less than 100km from estonia and latvia . 
  it 's also conveniently close to the only strecth of estonian-russian border that 's not a natural obstacle ( a river and a lake being it for the most part ) . 
  does n't that seem threatening to you ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  almost none of the nato countries spend 2 % of gdp on military . 
  i think only usa , uk , greece and estonia do it right now . 
   they do n't have a reason to invade if you use your brain and factor in the cons of invasion as well as pros . 
  the cons far outweigh the pros . 
  yes , that explanation already makes more sense . 
  not that i 'd ever trust my country 's security to an aggressive and chauvinistic country 's pro-con weighing , though . 
   by your logic , russia has reason to invade any and every country in the world because they have something to gain . 
  no , but if russia has ` nothing to gain ' by invading baltics , why have they done so many times in the past ? 
  sweet warm ports and great access to baltic sea , but now there 's also kaliningrad factor etc. 
  yeah , that 's right . 
  anonymous comments are a weird section of the internet . 
   for example in slovak discussions - russia is seen positively - upvoted are comments that are anti-american not anti-russian if you mean internet comments , it 's the same in estonia . 
  belarus is also actually a great country with great leader that cares about people . 
  not that anyone would ever consider moving there , of course . 
  everybody still goes to the decadent nordics . 
  your position is not so wrong by itself , but why does it absolutely never come into russians ' mind that maybe change should start from you ? 
  i mean , you seem to lack even some basic self-criticism when it comes to foreign policy . 
  and that inevitably results in what we see now , with russian reputation in shatters and relations with neighbours worst since cold war . 
  damn , those evil baltics with a combined population of slightly over 6 million , and which spend combined less than 2 % of their gdp on defence , sure are threatening for russia with its 140-million country that spends 5 % of its gdp on defence . 
  i mean , russia only protects itself from annihilation , right ?!, 
  seriously , wtf am i reading here ? 
  it 's nice to live in a world of sweets , chocolate and flowers i guess . 
  because obviously , if russia ` has no reason to invade ' ( which is such an idiotic argument , already having land connection to kaliningrad , some nice ports , nato further away from st. petersburg etc are reason enough for them if necessary ) , there 's just peace and love between us , right ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  gross avg . 
  wage in finland should be over 3000 $ , for poland it should be near 900 $ or so , etc. 
  i think it 's net wage , so it 'd be some 860 $ or sth like that in estonia . 
  to be honest , finland and sweden would be very important for baltics when it comes to security . 
  we 're so isolated from rest of eu and nato and the polish-lithuanian border is sandwiched between heavily militarized kaliningrad and russia 's puppet belarus . 
  it 'd be very simple for russia to cut us off . 
  no , we 're not some finns that bow to swedes with their bilingualism . 
  ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ annex ^ ^ ^ us . 
  `` sepp '' is actually smith in estonian . 
  estonian does use double pp , kk and tt , for example : lapp ( rag ) , kokk ( chef ) , r\u00e4tt ( cloth ) etc. 
  joosep is indeed an estonian male name . 
  it 's not the only thing with hungary , the government leans heavily towards autocracy in general and does n't consider western liberal democracy to be something to follow . 
  you must n't forget our dear double letters . 
  the problem is that european taxpayers did n't even originally borrow the money for greece , they were kinda forced to do so during the crisis . 
  the risk was shifted from private investors to the taxpayers . 
  politicans promised then that greece will pay back . 
  if it comes clear that they were all scammed and still end up paying the debt piles , i ca n't see this ending nicely . 
  we have the refugee crisis , brexit and if this comes on top , the eu might have to start looking ways how to save itself , but eurozone will die quite surely . 
  who would want to join or be in such a currency union where you need to end up paying for banks ' bad decisions in other countries ? 
  unless eu popularity surges , they ca n't allow a debt relief any time soon . 
  if they let european taxpayers ( some of them poorer than greeks ) pay greece 's debts , it would very likely mean collapse of the eurozone . 
  unemployment rate is a way smaller problem in the long run than those abysmal demographics italy is `` enjoying '' . 
  as long as birth rate is not at least 2.1 , the population will naturally decrease . 
  italy is also a country with very high life expectancy . 
  at current rate , there will be so many pensioners and so few workers that the social security system will collapse sooner than most others in europe . 
  what should be discouraged with italy 's unemployment rate though , is immigration of poorly educated foreigners . 
  italy 's current economic growth of 1 % barely allows italians to keep their jobs . 
  no need , i see you have already this image of me being some nazi-glorifying pribalt here that absolutely hates russia and wishes that everybody did the same . 
  know that despite the fact that i absolutely despise putin and the political regime in russia ( and what kind of people that society breeds ) , i have no interest in having an eternal enemy . 
  it 's also quite clear that ukraine must one day get back to normal relations with russia , it would benefit them . 
  but that 's not up to me , to be honest . 
  lithuanians make up 0.2 % of uk population and nearly 1 % of ireland 's population , and yet see how strongly the diaspora affects results . 
  i 'm not saying only the diaspora votes for them , but they * do * quite strongly affect results . 
   seems like you 'd sooner die than admit that other people simply are n't as hateful and emotionally involved in politics as you are . 
  stop with the hyperbole , i 'm pretty sure plenty of ukrainians voted for russia and vice versa . 
  some might have even done it for the opposite political reason - to show they do n't really hate the other country .
