  the eurasian union being the latest one . 
   if putin is just a bitter old guy with ussr nostalgia who ca n't make strategic decisions , what does that make us , seeing as we 're in a stalemate at best ? 
  wait , what ? 
  considering that eu is multiple times wealthier than russia and we 're currently growing , while russia is in recession and has worst reputation in decades , i do n't see how eu is in * stalemate * , at least definitely not if compared to russia . 
   sweden and finland in nato is something they need to decide for themselves , by the way . 
  do n't presume to make that decision on behalf of them . 
  i have n't made any presumptions , i 'm clearly saying that russia 's actions are pushing finland and sweden towards nato . 
  another * strategic move * of putin ? 
  what ? 
  invading ukraine was also not very sensible strategically . 
  they gained a bit of land , which is now heavily sanctioned and is unable to function properly , but completely lost one of their largest potential allies - ukraine . 
  ukraine was an important part of the ussr and putin ca n't build a new one without it . 
  also , belarus and kazahkstan have alienated from russia a bit due to crimea 's annexation . 
  oh , and russian economy is also in recession now , not to mention the worst relations with the west since the cold war . 
  and nato build-up in the baltics . 
  and pushing finland and sweden into nato . 
  so no , do n't expect * strategic * decisions from russia . 
  considering the scaringly dominating chauvinistic/nationalistic emotions in the country right now , it 's very hard to know what to expect from moscow . 
  russia wo n't attack finland . 
  it 's a very highly developed and respected country , which also has no serious conflicts with russia . 
  most of the world would turn against russia , it would become globally isolated , disrespected and untrusted , which in turn would bring catastrophic consequences to its economy and society . 
  finland has another use for russia . 
  it 's the ` friend ' in the eu , the ` common sense among warmongers ( khmm ... baltics ) ' . 
  its use is to show that a respected country still trades and communicates with moscow , so not all of europe is against russia . 
  that the good old finns understand putin very well . 
  baltics do n't have the luxury . 
  they 're the former territories that ` betrayed ' moscow . 
  putin is definitely not hoping for them to be success stories . 
  exiting russian sphere of influence and becoming wealthy and developed ? 
  noo , that 's not possible . 
  let 's invent a story of all three countries being led by neo-nazi junta governments in order to attack their economies ( trade blockades ) and societies ( fueling ethnic conflicts ) . 
  quite the same thing used for ukraine , but luckily for us , we have managed to join eu & nato . 
  however , finland joining nato would show the exact opposite . 
  it would be the complete opposite of what putin is hoping for . 
  russia , just as with baltics , may also use the threatening rhetorics in this case . 
  that moscow wo n't accept the ` expanding american empire ' . 
  so what should be done in your opinion ? 
  almost everything is available already in russian here - state publications , websites , food labels , laws , newspapers etc. 
  almost a fourth of public schools are russian schools ( funded by the state ) . 
  even the campaign of euro changeover was also done in russian , because so many people can still not speak estonian . 
  russians seem to have an atmost evil portrayal of baltics , how russians are persecuted for just being russian , but it 's really not the case , not even nearly . 
  it has been more than quarter a century when estonian became the * only * official language in the country , but there are still so many russians who have not bothered to do anything about it . 
  there are mayors , teachers , even in our capital 's council have people who can not speak the state language . 
  it 's just absurd . 
  i find it disrespectable and i personally would like estonia to stop translating stuff into russian , to finally force them to integrate , but i know this wo n't be the case . 
  do you think this has n't been thought by estonians ? 
  there are several programs , some of them using eu support , on integrating russians . 
  it 's still extremely difficult because so many of them live completely in russian media sphere . 
  they consume everything produced in russian federation , from search engines ( yandex.ru ) and social sites ( vkontakte ) to tv news . 
  you can say that we should create alternatives for them ( we are trying ) , but if even international giants such as facebook and gmail have failed to do so , how could we ? 
  you could ask if there 's any post-soviet country that has really succeeded in integrating russians . 
  because i can think of only one - belarus - which has practically killed its own language and became a vassal state of russia . 
   this is because new workers , builders , engineers , clerks , teacher were needed to build up quite rural ecomonics of these republics . 
  same in asia republics - russian-speakers were backbone of local engineering , teaching , medical , skill-workers staff . 
  i 'm sorry what ? 
  you do realize that baltics and the asian republics were not comparable at all ? 
  baltics had been industrial powerhouses of russian empire and had functioning market economies in the interwar period . 
  for example , estonia produced shale oil , trains , radios , military goods , telephones etc. 
  [ here 's ] ( http://raadiotuba.and.ee/pildid/rekl/ttv_agu_nr24_14-06-1924.jpg ) an ad for estonian produced telephone from 1924 ( !!! ) . 
  i hope i do n't need to explain the sharply deteriorated construction quality that we were ` brought culture ' with . 
  how apartment blocks like [ this ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-jm0dtc6ycia/uzy1ra4xioi/aaaaaaaabta/xqpzuce3flu/s1600/aia_6-04-2013.jpg ) were replaced by [ this ] ( http://cache.kv.ee/iv2/obj/1_3_34634146.jpg ) . 
  if anything , i would 've preferred to stay ` rural ' than to have those inhumane ghetto districts filled with foreigners . 
  actually , russian-speakers make up even higher share in estonia : in harjumaa ( capital area ) : 37 % , ida-virumaa : 82 % ( census 2011 ) . 
  russians here are extremely concentrated in cities ( mainly in tallinn and north-eastern estonia ) . 
  that 's because almost all of them were brought during soviet occupation and placed in newly built apartments . 
  because of that , russians make up ~ 40 % of estonian cities ' populations , while only ~ 5 % of the rural population . 
  overally , it 's ~ 25 % . 
  anyway , this is also the main reason why estonians reject any ideas of bilingualism in the country . 
  the demographics have not become like that naturally , it was a systematic policy of ussr . 
  it 's a similar story in latvia . 
  a small group of historical russian old-believers live by the lake peipsi ( seen on the map between estonia and russia ) , though . 
  i do n't think these celebrations at their current format are okay at all . 
  okay , i get it that russia suffered and sacrificed a lot in wwii . 
  they have every right to celebrate the victory and commemorate the events . 
  however , let 's not pretend they were some peace doves . 
  ussr had no intention of liberating anybody , in fact , it occupied its neighbours just as nazi germany . 
  also , it did n't liberate europe , it only replaced one occupation with another . 
  i do n't think it should be a pan-european celebration because for half of europe , it was a start of 50-year old occupation period . 
  i think he meant [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkb7xizw5ws ) , it 's from a famous comedy sketch show of estonia . 
  usually , with the laughs , all these include some hidden criticism or hints to the estonian society . 
  here , for example , exchange students are mentioned because there was a case of some morons attacking one with different skin colour in tartu that year , if i remember correctly . 
  russia showed it in a way that this is a real thing in estonia . 
  this year , there 's a new ` scandal ' . 
  in [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hk_g1mesle ) video ( portrayed by children ) , a friendly russian asks an arrogant estonian for directions and the latter refuses to use russian in her own country . 
  she suddenly changes attitude when she founds out the russian is a tourist . 
  of course , to russian propaganda , this is instead an * instruction video for children on how to behave with russians * . 
  it 's honestly disturbing that so many russians lack the ability to have some critical thinking and take everything portrayed in the media for granted . 
  iceland actually wanted the euro . 
  they even tried to apply for eurozone without entering the european union ( this was denied ) . 
  i do n't think being controlled by russia counts as friendly relations though . 
  it 's more about having very bad relations with russia . 
  just think if russia was an ally - the influence , the trade potential etc. 
  360 $ a month may seem very little ( and it truly is ) , but if you compared it to russia 's ~ 85 $ or ukraine 's ~ 50 $ a month , it does n't seem * that * bad . 
  also , you 're probably used to the high wages of the usa , which surpass even most western european countries . 
  you do have to pay for many services that are free here , though . 
  oh look , when putin became the president , people in russia became suddenly more criminal , depressed and alcoholic . 
  and when baltics joined nato and eu , it started to drop very fast . 
  i 'm such a good analyst . 
  we have those everywhere in europe , they tend to vote for far-right parties , you know - those who also see putin 's russia as a role model . 
  i seriously ca n't tell if russian media can get any lower than this .
