  this is not just about handling a lot of refugees or even economic migrants , it 's also about handling a lot of foreigners with very different views , values and skills . 
  and often that different means unacceptable , worse etc. 
  he 's most likely more emotional on the topic because his parents were also refugees , they fled from soviet occupation to sweden and then moved to usa , where he grew up . 
  wait , what ? 
  i 'm saying that if sweden took less migrants and actually picked them ( you know , the more educated , more qualified ones ) , they 'd adapt a lot better and many of the cultural problems would not be there . 
  seriously , if i wanted to show some `` horrible examples of islam taking over '' , i 'd at least start from some more sensitive topics , female circumcision , for example . 
  or swedish terrorist citizens in isis . 
  that was not my goal . 
  why are you so certain that it was ? 
  how many things you 've already claimed i said that i actually did n't ? 
  you should really test yourself , i feel like i 'm talking to a lunatic . 
   so , some people prepare their food slightly differently and some other people choose to take offence to that . 
  you still have n't convincingly made up a problem . 
  because i was not even aiming to bring up a huge problem , i only brought an example of sweden becoming more similar to that of immigrants ' origin country . 
   would you not say that it 's quite a strong indication that a problem is n't actually as big as imagined if ** even the people who most believe that it 's a problem ** ca n't come up with anything that 's actually wrong ? 
  that 's getting really annoying that are you are labelling people based on a few sentences . 
  oh look , that one criticises immigration - that means he definitely thinks sweden is now a muslim country etc. 
  no , i do n't . 
  i also do n't oppose immigration itself , the * only * thing i 'm criticising here is specifically swedish immigration policies and nothing else . 
  that is , sweden has taken in too many , too randomly ( basically no selection based on skills etc whatsoever ) and they obviously are not managing it well . 
   antisemitism is much older in sweden than muslim immigrants , as in , it 's been there for literal centuries . 
  just because `` it has been there '' all the times , does n't meant it has not grown a lot bigger because of immigrants . 
   is the situation really so amazingly great that you have to resort to making up problems after one ? 
  `` halal meat '' is not in itself actually a problem . 
  okay , i can be more specific because you clearly need to pick on everything . 
  there are now religious issues with food that are based on purely some ( foreign ) book text and has nothing to do with real risks . 
   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/expat/expatnews/8359653/sweden-is-top-country-at-integrating-immigrants.html allow me to question the qualities measured there . 
  it says baltics rank low because it 's difficult to get citizenship . 
  seriously ? 
  i consider it good because then you really have citizens that actually share some values and consider it their home country , unlike some `` swedes '' who will go fight along terrorists in isis ( ! ) . 
  and the results really do not prove themselves either , as i posted in my earlier comment how migrants are left behind more in sweden that in most european and developed countries . 
   we are the ones with the facts , you are the one driven by emotions . 
  you want to believe things that are simply not true . 
  i know , eurostat and oecd statistics can be interpreted quite emotionally , but it 's really maths and tests , you know . 
   that is the thing with far-rigth propaganda . 
  you are like the stereotypical equivalent of how leftists are often portrayed here - any criticism of immigration equals to far-right propaganda or sth . 
  no , that 's not what i do , and i like many left views and generally take nordics as an example , just not swedish immigration policies . 
   meanwhile in the real world , sweden has one of the strongest economies in europe , stronger then in a long time , and the economic growth is greater then in almost every western country . 
  much better then our smug , finger pointing neighbors . 
  did i even say anything about economic growth ? 
  i was talking about immigration policies . 
  you make absolutely no sense . 
  massive immigration of course lifts economy , you know , you have more mouths to feed , more people to house - you need to build and produce more . 
  but swedish economic performance depends on a whole lot of other factors aswell . 
  however , if it was that simple , we 'd all just let all people in and see our economies skyrocketing , would n't we ? 
  or can you see africa 's economies booming ? 
  i 'm talking about long-term problems here , where sweden is creating a new underclass that will become a huge headache in the future , a fertile soil for extremism . 
   unemployment is going down , crime in going down . 
  oh look , these are going down even here without us importing hundres of thousands of foreigners every year . 
  how can it be ? 
  also , allow me to question that violent crimes are dropping now . 
  i have a feeling they 've taken the upwards trend recently . 
   we are in the top in pretty much every single measurement of quality of life and safety . 
  so , you basically say that you can make any stupid decision and it should n't be criticised because you rank very well in international measurements ? 
  and also , you do * not * rank very well in pisa anymore , nor in integration statistics . 
   this is reality . 
  why are you so emotional about this ? 
  sweden 's immigration policy is bad !, 
  that does n't make the entire country bad . 
   this is just a sidenote , but your insinuation that the opposite has been happening is just a lie , i would prefer if you did not lie like that . 
  it makes discussion impossible . 
  but the opposite has been happening to an extent , that does n't mean immigrant adaption has not happened either , but what i 'm questioning here is maybe the migrant adaption has not been enough . 
  so would building mosques in sweden be migrants adapting to sweden or the other way around ? 
  or how about women wearing hijabs ? 
  or even burkas ? 
  there 's freedom of religion in sweden , of course , which is great , but it creates a controversial situation where despite swedes getting more irreligious , the same might not be happening among migrants . 
  now that would not happen if immigrants would adapt to sweden , but clearly with bigger number of immigrants , that 's harder to achieve . 
  what is more , we see problems imported to sweden that were n't there , such as jew-arab hate , halal meat etc. 
  something like that . 
  throwing money at something does n't guarantee any solutions . 
  firstly , if sweden saw their integration policies did n't work at all , maybe it would have been better to consider limiting immigrant numbers and working things out before continuing the same path , only making the problem worse . 
  secondly , maybe they need to change their whole attitude , their understanding of how integration works . 
  maybe it should be that immigrants adapt to sweden , not the other way around . 
  because creating immigrant-ghettos in bigger cities is a disaster for the society that is extremely difficult to get rid of , and sweden has already managed to let similar things happen . 
  thirdly , swedes should take more * facts * into account , not emotions . 
  seriously , no hiding of ethnic or migrant statistics , including in crimes . 
  who cares if some racists might exploit those ? 
  this is valuable information for the whole society , to react and adapt . 
  actually , statistics comparing natives and migrants is one of the most important sources of information to make immigration policies . 
  meh , the swiss are n't much worse off either . 
  seriously , eu should totally annex them . 
  enjoying their fortunes behind their mountains , not sharing a cent . 
  damn greedy bastards . 
  still , it 's a step forward from the typical `` europe must solve it * together * '' and `` we must act * now * '' that can be used with basically any problem anywhere and anytime . 
  i 'm not going to change my statements on this . 
  sweden has one of the worst immigration policies in europe , and that 's proven by [ eurostat 's unemployment figures ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/migrant_integration_statistics_-_employment ) and [ pisa 2009 test results ] ( http://akarlin.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/pisa-scores-migrants.jpg ) . 
  you have spain-level unemployment for non-eu migrants , while german-level for swedes , and the gap between education of migrants and natives is one of the worst in world . 
  that basically guarantees social stratification based on ethnic grounds , which then rises the chances of extremism . 
  what 's even worse , the [ pisa 2012 ] ( http://www.oecd.org/pisa/keyfindings/pisa-2012-results-overview.pdf ) shows sweden continues to be the biggest faller in youth 's education , you rank now below that of usa and russia , and one of the worst places in western europe . 
  this should ring some alarms there . 
  and yes , * something * has started to move in sweden , but that 's after so many failures that it 's astonishing . 
  up until a few months ago , despite all these disastrous statistics , sweden continued to take all migrants in , only making the ticking time-bomb bigger and bigger . 
  that ca n't be for any other reason than politicians living in imaginary fairy tale land , ignoring the reality . 
  sweden is the best example of how to * not * run your immigration policies . 
  i ca n't think of anything delfi commenters are not mad of , except for some drowning refugees , dead gays or sth like that . 
  it 's like the little hate corner of our country . 
  its competitor - postimees - actually shut down anonymous comments because of that . 
  holy shit as in how the hell can ukrainians survive with 136 $ a month or those damn rich bastard nazi-gold stealers with their 6000 $ wages ? 
  it seems that russia is taking the other way and just lets real wages fall instead of mass layoffs . 
  a better option for social welfare , but worse for productivity .
