  i would guess the migration wave has become a lot smaller now as central and eastern european countries have become wealthier and their economies are growing right now . 
  i can even imagine there 's at least some re-emigration going on as people find their home countries to be acceptable enough now . 
  both cases still require that inequality would become smaller over time and that does n't mean that brits should give away so much of their wealth that poland would be as rich as them . 
  we just need people to at least feel that it 's getting better over time . 
  you 're right in a sense that this huge inequality in eu and free movement together was not really well thought trough . 
  however , i can also see how uk is over-dramatizing the effects of eu migrants there , especially considering what problems you have with non-european immigrants . 
  have n't seen polish jihadists so far , for example . 
  also , i do think you sometimes think too much of yourselves . 
  yes , newer eu countries are considerably poorer than western europe and need more aid , but it 's not something that could n't be solved in long term . 
  we already have countries like czech republic , slovakia and estonia that have overtaken some old members , such as greece and portugal . 
  besides , they have overtaken even uk in some fields , like pisa test results show ( and yes , even the horrible poland scored better than uk ) . 
  government 's policies can easily affect those ups and downs . 
  nobody really cares about the `` struggles '' of putin 's propaganda machine . 
  these horrific stories of violation of media freedom in europe sell only in russia . 
  as far as i know , no law in finland requires women to have children . 
  that 's not the case with conscription and men , though . 
  how common is the * zivildienst * in germay ? 
  we have something similar here if your views do n't allow you to take part in military service , but it 's extremely uncommon , less than 1 % of men use it . 
  because if enough of `` these morons '' are allowed to gather , russia might have a ` colourful revolution ' itself , which would of course destroy the flourishing putin 's russia and push russia into decadent western course , where corruption , poverty , and immorality would flourish . 
  common sense , comrade !, 
  what the fuck is it with western european far-right and their love for putin 's russia ? 
  especially in ireland , which turned from a really poor periphery into one of the wealthiest countries in europe . 
  as with the berlin brandenburg airport , i ca n't help but think it would have been actually cheaper to tear all the failed parts down and build them from scratch . 
  to be honest , conscription is not inevitable here . 
  it 's just our choice for defence and will most probably stay for the near future . 
  some , however , would say that professional soldiers would be more efficient as : 1 ) they have higher motivation and capabilities ; 2 ) the country would n't miss thousands of workers ( and many families their main incomes ) every year due to mandatory conscription ; 3 ) potentially men would be happier to have a choice and would n't inevitably lose a year of their lives . 
  conscription is a difficult topic , but different pension age for men and women is absurd . 
  men live less than women in every european country and yet they have to work longer in some . 
  how does that even make sense ? 
  the problem with military exports is that they have effectively shut down western markets for themselves due to putin 's aggression , and rely on considerably poorer markets . 
  thank you . 
  why do so many people think we are aiming for bad relations with russia ? 
  it 's actually very damaging to our economy , we could use some cheaper-than-average russian gas , get some transit money , and generally export tons of goods to that huge 140-million country . 
  most of that potential is not used not because we like to hurt ourselves , but because it has a cost we are not willing to pay . 
  we 'd have to follow russia 's foreign policy and give moscow leverage to our internal politics ( the oppressed russian speakers , remember ) and any bigger `` misstep '' would be `` rewarded '' by price hikes , embargoes , sanctions , or even igniting some internal conflicts etc. 
  thanks , but no thanks , ukraine and belarus are good examples of what a disaster will that end in , cheap resources wo n't save such controlled societies . 
   we should lead in keeping carbon in the ground . 
  if you take a look at the graph , you 'll see we already lead in that by far . 
  that 's why it is time for others to follow . 
  well , that 's what i meant . 
  although we 're not in a large deficit even when speaking about energy in total - think of shale oil , for example . 
  then again , you have some sweet russkii transit monies , while estonian one has basically collapsed . 
  then again , transit would n't make us rich anyway ( at least not on the level we aim for ) and maybe it 's good not to rely on the east that much . 
  the thing is if europe hurts its competitiveness , its economy falls behind and it has even less power to influence something in the world . 
  and not to mention that we are not isolated - if rest of the world f * cks this planet up , our moral high ground wo n't help . 
  yes , but there 's absolutely nothing mentioned about latvian and estonian connections or their imports/exports . 
  it also tells about the big deficit in baltics , but that 's mostly because of lithuania 's huge dependance on imports , latvia 's in a considerably better situation and estonia produces more than it consumes . 
  that 's a very lithuania-centric approach . 
  estonia has already 2 power cables to finland and is also a net energy exporter . 
  then we have the gas issue which is also not * that * problematic here , because it 's not a very common form of energy . 
  still , it 's good to have at least one alternative to russian gas . 
  the bigger problem here is the electrical grid , which is currently synchronized with russia . 
  despite it not being a direct issue right now , if we have decided for european integration , it would make sense to connect our grid to european one as well . 
  that , however , would not be cheap ( and it would also cost russia - they 'd have problems with kaliningrad , which would become an isolated island , and then the western region as well ) . 
  soon enough eu 's battle against co2 will be pointless if rest of the world does n't follow because we 'll make such a tiny share of the world emissions and would hurt our own competitiveness for nothing . 
  what ? 
  we 'd clearly opt for scandinavian languages and culture because we need to compensate for what we ca n't have . 
   as long as estonia is more prosperous than russia than russians are most likely happy to be where they are fortunately , that does n't seem to be changing soon . 
   so would i be right in assuming when estonia emerged as a state 25 or so years ago it was along it 's old pre soviet borders but now you have russians from the soviet times get included in the new country as they lived there already ? 
  actually , the country did n't emerge in 1991 , it was restored . 
  we celebrate our independence of 1918 ( which was interrupted in 1940 because of soviet invasion ) , so that 's actually the basis of the claim of immigrants . 
  anyway , estonia and russia have mostly a great natural border ( a big lake and a river ) + the eastern region is where most of estonian electricity is produced , not to mention it has the 3rd largest city of our country , a very important one both economically and symbolically . 
  so in no way would we ever deem it okay to rip that off because of soviet-era colonization . 
  but i was hinting to latvia , which might be a closer example to crimea . 
  by the way , if i could have decided , i would have instantly given northern ireland to republic of ireland . 
  not only are the borders unnatural ( economic and security issues ) , it is also morally unacceptable for uk to keep parts of ireland considering what ireland suffered because of them . 
  the thing is that ireland could n't really stand against uk , but we have nato and eu here . 
   well they live there , right of self determination and all that . 
  yeah , that did n't apply to millions of germans that happened to stay outside of post-wwii german borders , even those that had been there for centuries . 
  meanwhile , we should completely close our eyes if big countries eat up their smaller neighbours because `` self-determination '' . 
  maybe it 's me , but i have a completely different view on self-determination . 
  if your nation already has a country , especially if it 's the world 's largest , then you have a place to go . 
  if you do n't want that , then adapt to the local country . 
  oh , and if you 're an immigrant , like most of russians in baltics are , then we have nothing to do discuss . 
  otherwise , we should allow mini islamic states all over europe because you know , self-determination and stuff . 
  because most russians are there as a result of mass immigration policies of soviet union ? 
  because russians already have the world 's fucking largest country while latvians only have that small patch ? 
  because you 'd basically approve tactis of sending immigrants over the border and then annexing the territory because `` the people there want it '' ? 
  well , the thing is that centre party used to be a big player , but over time , it has lost a lot of estonian voters and gained russians , so it has shifted strongly towards one extreme ( they have a partership agreement with putin 's party that has repelled a lot of estonians ) . 
  the party itself has still more estonian members than russians , afaik , but most of the voters seem to be russians now . 
  this weird mix has been held together by a controversial famous politician , edgar savisaar , who participated in the mild wing of restoration of independence , but is now near a cult status among russians ( and hated by most estonian youth ) . 
  because of multiple scandals , visible deteroriation in his health and now suspension of his mayor position of tallinn due to potential corruption case , the cracks have become more visible than ever . 
  it has been speculated that the party might split along ethnic lines the moment savisaar is gone , but he managed to barely stay in power . 
  so basically , now we 're waiting if the party will be reformed ( it 's the only party in estonia where one man has ruled for over 20 years in a row ) , will it stagnate or will it split ... 
  well , how 's russian-speaking eastern latvia for next then ? 
  latvia became part of russian empire earlier than crimea , so it 's just as much of a `` historical russian land '' . 
  well , this sounds familiar for [ some reason ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ys_ihquomrs ) . 
  weird to think you 're only a few months older than eesti . 
  we have n't had white christmas , nor a proper snowy winter for that matter for 2 years already . 
  there better be a good one this winter !, 
  i hate this grey , soggy and windy mess we have right now . 
  how much do you think china cares about protecting small neighbours ? 
  they 'd more likely be interested in conquering some of their own . 
  * cough * taiwan * cough *, 
   `` we think nato is a product of the cold war , '' hua said , adding china opposes nato 's expansion to include additional states . 
  well that 's rich from them considering the communist china was formed pretty much on the example of soviet union . 
  maybe it 'd be time to change the red flag and single-party government system by now if the cold war is over ? 
  * de facto * , capitalism rules the country anyway . 
  i think you mixed yugoslavia with eastern bloc then . 
  in estonia , an ordinary person could not even go to the estonian western islands without documents and and a reason ( invitation from family etc ) .
