  statistics estonia says the average net wage for 2015 was 859 $ . 
  i 'd use that number as a more trustworthy one . 
  interesting . 
  it seems they 'll be replacing these soon with the new siemens ones ? 
  also , i think i used [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vr_class_sm3 ) for travelling and i was a kid , so did n't really know much about trains . 
   eesti as a language comes of sounding bit rougher around the edges comperatively to finnish in in my humble opinion . 
  seems logical as finnish is more archaic , estonian has been influenced by german a lot . 
   helsinki for the most part is fine . 
  but if you 've got imigrant groups in big enough numbers from different regions of the world you start noticing distinictions and the bad communities fairly fast . 
  i remember my first time in helsinki as a kid , there were some dark-skinned people who were non-existant in estonia and it was like wow . 
  then some gypsies just stepped in while we were eating pizza and really disturbingly started begging for money . 
  it was a bit shocking back then . 
  but overally , finland was so developed , not a single run down shack was seen , the buildings were super warm in winters , so good roads , the amazing fast trains compared to our soviet scrap metal etc. 
  seemed like a completely different world . 
   imigration should be run based of that . 
  those that integrate well should be under normal rules when it comes to application and entry and those from troublemaker communities should obviously be under stricter control for entry . 
  but thats how i see it at least . 
  makes sense for me . 
  that 's dark . 
  and funny . 
  have an upvote . 
   been here for over 20 years m8 . 
   finished primary + secondary school as did fallowup education in it . 
  damn , i wanted to wish you luck on that , but it seems you 've already mastered it . 
  it 's just i remembered when in eastern finland ( there were so many russians shopping and vacationing there , it was unbelievable , at least before the crisis ) we tried to use finnish when speaking to some russians there and they thought we were finns . 
  actually , i can only put a few easy sentences together in finnish and understand some parts of tv , radio etc. 
  but yeah , pronouncation and most of the grammar comes easily for estonians , but the words are often confusing ( especially false friends ) . 
   it 's hard to describe to people who never lived outside of their cultural background for considerable time . 
  that 's me alright . 
   i can only imagine how fucking detached people are who do not care about integration or downright scoff at the idea . 
  so helsinki seems to have many of such people ? 
  estonian jury gave 10 points to russia last year , if i recall correctly . 
  but to be honest , i like that they balance the results out . 
  enough with the annoying diaspora votes . 
  i 'd gladly vote for russia if i liked the song , but now it feels like we 're some sort of a russian colony . 
  wait , you 're a russian speaker in finland ? 
  have you also had to learn finnish language ? 
   interesting that the estonian google maps does n't give it to you , or even mark it disputed . 
  it 's quite accepted by now the current borders will stay , it 's not like russia will be ready to return its annexed territories and we 're not very excited to get additional poor russian-speaking regions that we have to feed anyway . 
  estonia has also started to build extensive border infrastructure now there . 
   why did russia retreat from the border negotiations ? 
  do n't tell me it 's just to be an asshole . 
  in 2005 , it was because estonia , despite agreeing to the new border , still mentioned [ tartu peace treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_tartu_ ( russian % e2 % 80 % 93estonian \\ ) ) in the document , which was the original peace treaty between estonia and soviet russia . 
  it 's also considered to be the birth certificate of republic of estonia and its signing anniversary is a public holiday here . 
  the problem is that estonia insists on being the same country created in 1918 and only occupied temporarily from 1940-1991 , while russia insists it is a successor state of estonian soviet socialist republic , and was created in 1991 . 
  from that , many other problems stem - such as citizenship issue ( estonia did n't give citizenship to soviet-era migrants , russia insists it 's a violation of international law , estonia insists they were occupied and did n't have any control over its population etc ) , returning of properties ( according to the tartu treaty , russia is supposed to return some museum artifacts to estonia , which were `` evacuated '' to russia during wwi time , but russia is refusing to recognize the treaty now . 
  i recently visited art museum of university of tartu , where most of the stuff was taken , and it 's really ridiculous . 
  some items have been returned , some only partially - the mummy is in tartu , the sarcophagus in russia , some collections are fully in russia ) and more . 
  a few years ago , the negotiations were relaunched , but the ukraine events have frozen them yet again . 
   are there estonians `` stuck '' in russia ? 
  according to estonian citizenship law , if your predecessors lived in the annexed areas from 1918-1940 , you can get estonian citizenship . 
  most of the region was russian-speaking even then and i imagine those that were n't , moved to estonia during soviet era , or were russified . 
  still , there are plenty of people that do take estonian citizenship from there aswell . 
  it 's eurovision , not olympics . 
  even estonia could host it in 2002 , a 1.3-million country which was dirt poor at that time . 
   eurovision is supposed to be one of the worst events for a country to host . 
  i really do n't see how eurovision is that much different from some bigger concert/show . 
  you host the show in an existing venue , you get ticket revenue + tourist money . 
  does n't sound like such a bad deal . 
   estonia hah , we were last . 
  but i 'm not surprised , the song was okay , but performance was by far the most boring of the contest . 
  to be honest , both countries have sizable minorities of other 's nationalities , who almost always vote for their native country . 
  this gives disproportionate points , just look at what points comes to poland and lithuania from uk each year . 
  it 's the same with estonia and latvia , where 12 almost always goes to russia . 
  yet the jury from estonia at least gave 12 to sweden and judging from estonia 's radio tops , it probably reflects estonians ' opinion more accurately . 
   i 've never minded the voting blocks - people with similar cultures prefer each others music , what 's strange or even really `` political '' about that ? 
  nothing , that actually explains much of the bloc voting . 
  but giving one single country 12 points every year ( greece < -  cyprus , belarus -  russia etc ) takes it to a whole new level . 
  it 's still kinda fun to watch that . 
   but making the songs themselves carry a political message is something else . 
  meh , maybe it 's me , but it 's sometimes good to hear a song written with a heart and that carries an actual message , rather than the bland `` i love you , your burning desire '' etc, 
  do n't you think that we did it because we liked to be in swedish empire . 
  ^ ( okay maybe a bit , but independence is still better . ), 
  oh , i guess i 'm too sleepy to read properly . 
  not invade your neighbours ? 
  this coming from greece which always gives 12 points to cyprus ( if possible ) ? 
  meh , i voted for it because it 's not the typical europop , actually has a meaning and the performer was really dedicated . 
  i think there was a drama with the shape as initially , it supposedly included territories annexed by russia in 1946 . 
  [ some maps ] ( http://www.tlu.ee/~kyttim/pildid/eesti_kaart.jpg ) still include them in estonia because there 's still no valid border treaty between estonia and russia ( well , the previous one should be , but russia kinda does n't recognize it ) . 
  also , the * de facto * border is referred to ` control line ' and not ` border ' in estonia . 
  the voting also happened during the time when estonia and russia were preparing to finally sign a new border treaty ( with all the annexed regions staying to russia , of course ) , so it might have been some sort of a protest . 
  so i guess it was later changed and people were pissed off . 
  my reaction to these : just why ? 
  i mean , a topographic map is kinda cool on the 1 and 2 euro coins , but rest of them should have got the coat of arms or sth . 
  just look at how much better many of [ the other designs ] ( http://www.amisdeleuro.org/fr/53 ) were . 
  estonia confirmed western europe ? 
  we 've even adjusted our borders so they would n't touch russia . 
  `` what 's that ? 
  ahh , one of those irrelevant poor slavic countries . '', 
  i know hungary has lagged behind other v4 countries , but last few years have been okay-ish . 
  in that sense , such a slowdown is surprising . 
  any economic reasons for that ? 
  hungary seemed to have it going quite nicely for a while now . 
  russia has annexed a region from ukraine and is also supporting some transnistria-style unrecognized states on its territory . 
  it 's absurd to think their relations will get back to normal . 
  estonia : most favourite : finland 80 % ( wow , what a surprise / s ) least favourite : greece 53 % ( damn you lazy bastards , our poor people need to pay your debts ?!, 
  / s ) outside eu , iran and russia are liked the least . 
  oh yes , the totally-not-ussr version of eu where trade collapsed by some 40 % in its year of launch ( because most of the trade is natural resources , which got hit by world market , and then the part that 's not natural resources got hit by swinging currency exchange rates ) . 
  [ great success ] ( http://onlinemoviequotes.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/borat-quote-great-success.jpg ), 
  yes , it shoud be men instead .
