  yes , russian is widespread in certain regions of baltics , but it 's not officially recognized on state level . 
  we need a common language for our citizens and naturally it 's our national languages . 
  that means russians have to learn the language to get citizenship , or accept that they 're foreigners here . 
  that 's why the countries are not bilingual . 
  russian language is not part of our national identity . 
  furthermore , russian is about to lose the status of most spoken foreign language to english in baltics , as not only are younger generations ( who speak little russian , but are good at english ) overtaking the older ( learned more russian and less english ) , but even the older people have no use for russian anymore , and are learning english . 
   not having russian as an official language in riga is necessary in order to have the russians that live there in great numbers actually learn latvian ? 
  yes , that 's mostly what is aimed with latvian being the only official language . 
   i do n't see what possible harm could come from letting people do stuff in their native language . 
  the ones i mentioned before , a big nation needs lots of motivation to learn the language of a tiny nation . 
  you 're talking about a nation who were at the brink of becoming a minority in their own country 25 years ago , because of massive russian immigration . 
  riga in particular had just 36.5 % latvians in 1989 . 
  there are less than 2 million latvians , but over 100 million russians . 
  now , what do you think russian having an official status would do ? 
  i dare to estimate that most russians would think latvian is not necessary because russian is also an official one , why would you need to learn that `` useless tiny language '' . 
  oh , and might i add that in baltics , the national identity is very strongly linked with native language . 
  you do n't have `` russian-speaking latvians '' , you mostly have just russians in latvia . 
  that 's because these people migrated there recently and have not developed an identity separate from russians of russia , like minorities in serbia would . 
  nope , and poland is n't a neighbour of latvia anymore . 
  that 's because such ethnic proportions in riga are a result of soviet ethnic policies and have not evolved naturally in centuries , like minorities in serbia . 
  firstly , soviet union deported tens of thousands of natives from baltics to sibera . 
  secondly , soviet union brought over a million russians into baltics during occupation era . 
  thirdly , estonians and latvians completely missed out on the post-wwii baby boom , and their birth rates were one of the lowest in europe for decades because of soviet occupation . 
  as a result , number of both estonians and latvians never recovered to the peak of 1939 ( achieved during both country 's indpendence era ) . 
  all these combined , i would say that soviet union 's policies were quite effective for ethnic cleansing and could easily be comparable to what nazi germany planned here . 
  i do n't approve such move but nobody 's fining users for just using a foreign language . 
  these are city officials that are effectively acting like it 's a bilingual country , while it 's actually not . 
   oh you did not just tell foreigners about that !!, 
  i had to , how come tallinn can afford its own tv-channel , its own grocery store and its own bank ( !!!, 
  ) , but not a proper central railway station . 
  yay for populism i guess . 
   you need to take into account that post-soviet development is not the same as decades of capitalism . 
  we might be on par , but the wealth and development discrepancy is definitely bigger in estonia as only a handful of regions/districts have been properly developed . 
  estonia has developed well , in my opinion , considering where it came from . 
  but yes , it takes a lot of time for development to be felt everywhere and by everybody . 
  really ? 
  that 's what 's most surprising for you ? 
  spain below estonia , montenegro below moldova or italy below hungary would be way more unbelievable . 
   come visit tallinn and if you did n't know the gdp per capita , you 'd think it is one of the wealthiest and highest quality of life countries in the world . 
  no , you would n't . 
  tallinn retains many areas that are piss poor and provincial . 
  unless you only see the city [ from seaside ] ( http://kaupokalda.com/portfolio/tallinna-panoraam/lightbox/ ) or visit only old town , you 'll definitely see many such areas . 
  for example , the [ central railway station ] ( http://www.kaupokalda.com/portfolio/tags/balti+jaam/balti-jaam/lightbox/ ) that 's right next to old town . 
  it 's two soviet-era buildings full of crap stores , no proper place to wait , no roof over trains . 
  let 's not even discuss the central market which is like a live museum of 1990s . 
  there are many wooden shack districts even in city center . 
  the city is still underdeveloped and is more like a russian province in many areas . 
  it 's way better than 20 years ago , yes , and it 's developing fast , but nothing comparable to spanish cities , or even helsinki overseas ( and here , i do n't mean the beauty of city , but development ) . 
   it takes time to build wealth though , as people fail to realise that in 1994 the nominal gdp per capita was 1,200 , in 2000 it was 4,100 and now it is 18,000 . 
  so basically , you do n't go from a communist country to wealthy immediately . 
  that 's because we were dirt poor before , but the nation itself was educated . 
  the growth was partly rebounding . 
  furthermore , estonia is not wealthy in european sense . 
  compared to world average , yes . 
  in european context , we 're below average . 
  they were probably too lazy to stand up for the measuring . 
  it seems that people outside london were actually very disappointed in the government because of the unequal development of the country and decided referendum was a great place to express that . 
  i do n't think they thought about eu funding them ( just think of all the anti-eu articles in tabloids ) . 
  this reminds me a joke i 've heard many times . 
  it 's 5th day of the month , so pensions are paid out in estonia . 
  a pensioner waits patiently behind atm , there 's a small queue . 
  when she finally has her turn , she withdraws all her pension . 
  another person in queue asks what does she intend to spend all that money on ? 
  the pensioner replies : `` this ? 
  oh , i 'm going to save it . 
  i 'm just going to deposit it safely in the bank . 
  i do n't trust those electronic machines here at all '' . 
  and she enters the bank door that 's right next to the atm . 
  because romania is a member of eu and australia is not . 
  romania has to follow all the rules of eu and australia does not . 
  romania gets access to benefits of eu and australia does not . 
  it certainly brings more troubles when most of the minority is under influence of foreign and unfortunately , also hostile country . 
   we 've been mostly separate , and nothing much to do with each other besides being neighbors we 've been part of different countries and there 's a gulf between us . 
  nevertheless , estonia and finland had pretty close relations as independent countries before wwii . 
  since then , because of history , finland has become part of nordics , while estonia is considered to be part of baltics . 
   most likely will stay that due to the geopolitical past and current political and military arrangements . 
  i do n't see how that would be the case at all . 
  we 're in the same political and economical union ( european union ) , there 's freedom of movement ( and not only , they do n't even check documents when travelling ) . 
  tens of thousands of estonians work in finland , while hundres of thousands of finns visit estonia all the time . 
  heck , we even have the same currency . 
  furthermore , in addition to super-heavy traffic between helsinki and tallinn ( even heavier than stockholm-helsinki ) , we 've built 2 electric cables to connect our countries and are now going to build a gas pipe . 
  nato is something that 's different , but even there , finland and sweden especially have been moving closer . 
  politically , finland has a very cautious policy on russia ( unlike estonia ) , but nevertheless , finland has come out of the finlandization of ussr-era and has clearly sided with the west . 
  well , if anything , you can just take a look at baltics to convince yourselves that you should not want a russian-speaking area in your country . 
  endless trouble . 
  yeah , well , finland itself was mostly part of sweden for a long time . 
  finland as a state did n't appear before 1917 and even as an official separate region only appeared in early 1800s as part of russia . 
  but by finland , i also meant the roughly finnish-speaking region east of gulf of bothnia and north of gulf of finland . 
   do n't the south karelian immigrants in finland want their lands back though ? 
  i recall finnish national awakening telling about white karelia being also finnish for example . 
  do n't ingrians also want ingria back ? 
  they would all , of course , want their land back , but we have to be realistic . 
  how would that ever be possible without a war ? 
  russia has not even hinted at returning anything . 
  it 's a bit more difficult today due to annexing crimea , i guess , but previously , they insisted on post-ussr borders being holy and that they should n't be touched in order to avoid conflicts etc. 
  if you asked them today , you 'd probably get some aggressive response . 
  but the main idea stays , nobody can touch russia , we can touch others if necessary . 
  we might whine about ingria , but there are so few ingrians left today and in the cente of their native land , st. petersburg , a giant russian city has appeared . 
  if anything , russia would want foreign borders , including estonian and finnish borders , to be as far away from that as possible . 
  they would never consider even creating an autonomous region there or anything .
