  because a defence union is only for protecting german businesses , others can go fuck themselves . 
  such solidarity , wow . 
  germany 's actions might break up the eu , reversing decades of the continent 's integration , and make new conflicts more possible than ever . 
  and they call it solidarity/humanity . 
  i am not sure germans realize which side is the irresponsible here . 
  nowhere in eu treaties is it said we must take in people from * outside * europe . 
  by what logic is it even eu 's obligation to help people from * outside * the eu ? 
  europe should be our worry , not the rest of the world . 
  it 's not our obligation , and it 's definitely not in the treaties . 
  of course , we have agreed to basic human rights , and central and eastern europe has helped refugees and continues to do so , but only as much as we are able . 
  the current massive immigration is uncontrolled and way too big for us . 
  one is also an idiot to even consider forcing migrants on baltics , which just a few decades ago suffered almost colonization-like forced immigration , wiping out natives in many towns . 
  talk about solidarity here ? 
  maybe we 'll talk when italy 's foreign population reaches estonia 's and latvia 's level ( it 's nowhere near it today ) ... 
  i understand if you want to have at least civilized relations with russia , and whether we want it or not , russia will stay our neigbhour . 
  but it 's absurd to accuse us of blind hate and then proposing russia to include in european cooperation , indicating it 's somehow us that is blocking that . 
  of course we do have very strained relations with russia , but i think it 's quite clear there needs to be a lot of changes in russia in order for these to disappear . 
  i think ukraine is the best example that it 's mostly about russia not letting go of its ` sphere of influence ' view that sees eastern europe getting closer to the eu and nato as a sign of threat . 
  nato bases in cee are also a topic here - it 's not even about ` antagonizing russia ' , it 's about being a member with full rights . 
  how the hell can germany have nato bases , but in latvia , for example , it would be ` provoking ' russia . 
  does the fact that some countries just happen to be closer to russia somehow reduce their rights ? 
  `` equality '' my ass . 
  blind hate ? 
  even after what has happened with ukraine ? 
  europe * together * with an aggressor country that has occupied several of its neighbours ? 
  is that some kind of a joke ? 
  you know , this opinion makes me lose any sympathy for germany . 
  i hope central and eastern europe will completely ignore the migrant crisis in germany , leaving you with millions of migrants to handle all by yourself . 
   how can you not support them , given that estonia itself had to fight for its independence from russia so recently ? 
  the world is not black and white , it 's not about purely evil empires oppressing poor little small nations . 
  the relations of estonia and russia , or spain and catalonia were/are very different . 
  catalonia is quite clearly a historical region of spain and catalans are similar to spaniards . 
  that does n't mean they do n't have rights to autonomy or their language , though . 
  russia conquered estonia as a foreign territory . 
  also , what do estonians and russians have in common ? 
  absolutely different languages , alphabets , religions etc. 
  today , even the political views are almost opposing each other . 
  it 's quite clear estonians would n't fit in russia in any way . 
  if we 'd follow the `` oppressive empire '' mentality , we should quickly rush into supporting independences of scotland , wales , s\u00e1pmi , basque country , transylvania , sicily , brittany and on and on it goes ... 
  what ? 
  catalonia is not being oppressed , it 's part of a developed country with generally respected freedom of press and a western democracy type of government , despite its flaws . 
  the independence movement seems mostly a result of spanish economic crisis , which pushed people to count money with more concern . 
  as catalonia is wealthier than many other spanish regions , it contributes more taxes to the country than gets back . 
  that 's , however , a really bad base for sovereignity , especially considering that economically , it is potentially very destructive instead - spain is having one of the fastest growths in europe right now , but that 'd probably reverse if a large fully integrated part of the country broke away , not to mention the general shockwave it would give to the eu . 
  i understand that there are also problems with the position of catalan language , but such issues can be solved within spain . 
  it 's stupid to pretend catalonia is something completely different spain , even spanish flag has influences from the catalan one . 
  so no , as an estonian , i strongly oppose independence of catalonia . 
  i understand the fight for a stronger presence of catalan language , but breaking away would most likely hurt all of europe . 
  eu 's [ reaction ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rybni0kb1bg ) to the migrant crisis . 
  swedish politicians ' [ understanding ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrc4vk6kisy ) of the success of integration of immigrants in sweden . 
  also , never again dare to dream about a common energy market in eu . 
  if it does n't profit german businessmen , it wo n't even be considered . 
  just get used to be paying more for russian gas than germany due to being anti-putin . 
  that 's the thing . 
  the naivity that refugees will settle for an economically worse off country , meaning literally worse life quality for them , while a better option is just next door , is absurd . 
  they do n't have any emotional or cultural closeness with these countries , germany is just a better deal . 
  that 's the harsh reality of eu , it has huge disparities . 
   i 'll even quote the first couple of lines for you as a service . 
  oh , so we should not only accept migrants from countries with active warfare , it 's enough to have an oppressive regime . 
  looks like you 'll need to house more than half of africa ...  if their claims for asylum is unfounded then they will have their application denied . 
  this process is very slow and how many then even leave europe ? 
  in the meanwhile , all the people need to be accomodated , fed and supported . 
   i can see in your link that either unknown or stateless hardly amount to anything , so can we quit the hyperbolae ? 
  we do n't even have this year 's data and 16 ' 000 people with no documents is not to be ignored . 
  because it 's totally not italy 's thing to react to occupation and annexation of sovereign territories in europe in 21st century , right ? 
   these are immigrants , not refugees . 
  the problems with those idiots are blown out of proportion . 
  yeah , i 've heard that 10 times already . 
  `` they are only a minority '' etc. 
  what if i do n't want even a single islamist extremist here , not to mention a large organized group ? 
  is that racist ? 
   define `` a lot '' . 
  do you have a source ? 
  let 's see . 
  [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:countries_of_origin_of_\\ ( non-eu \\ ) _ asylum_seekers_in_the_eu-28_member_states , _ 2013_and_2014_yb15_iii . png ) . 
  for example , eritreans are the 4th largest group , despite not any major conflicts going on there . 
  kosovo and serbia right next to them shows how much the system is abused for economic welfare , only these groups are fortunately in their home countries , not massively flooding europe , so they do n't need to be accomodated , fed , support etc. 
  and that was last year . 
  this year , the numbers are way higher and are only going to surge in the future . 
   what do you intend to do to people with no documentation . 
  legitimate war refugees can be denied help because they lost their papers because of - you know - war . 
  seems like the argument that because some people are lazy and slack off on welfare then no one should ever be able to receive unemployment welfare . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  we have a schengen zone , combining over 20 sovereign european countries ' territories , that , of course , needs to be externally well protected to not threatend any of the member countries ' security . 
  yet , we do accept hundreds of thousands of people from unstable countries without any documents whatsoever . 
  so , if you ca n't get a schengen visa , just destroy your documents ? 
  that sounds like a massive security breach to me . 
  excuse me ? 
  we are more than ready to share many obligations and burdens of the eu , and we do , one of them being sanctions against russia . 
  denmark is not nearly as roughly affected as we are , but we still support them . 
  we are not , however , ready to accept the insane self-destructive migration policies that are already showing multiple signs of failures in western european countries , that includes denmark where there are extremist muslim movements calling for sharia laws . 
  we are ready to help war refugees in the amount we can ( not be forced to `` aid '' ) , but it 's not some kind of a heavenly obligation to accept all `` refugees '' ( note that a lot of them are economic migrants , destroyed their documents , potential terrorists etc ) . 
  of course there are problems with racism here , especially among the older people , but the current attitude of europe is clearly making it worse ( and for a reason , that is ) . 
  i fully acknowledge the masses of economic migrants and i think europe should refuse people from places that are not suffering a war . 
  one trick that is used is destroying documents and i think people that do n't have documents should also be refused . 
  they should get some documents or some form of proof before entering eu , and that is n't inhumane because outside europe , most countries are peaceful and diplomacy more or less works . 
  there 's no obligations for eu to accept them . 
  what is more , europe should be more vocal that it will only accept war refugees and also that europe is not the only safe place in the world . 
  richer eu countries should cut benefits to migrants , the rescue missions should have attempts to reorganize them to bringing people back to africa , not bringing them to europe . 
  this may sound harsh , but if that is refused , europe does not have to bring all the people to europe who willingly risk their own lives and want to go to europe illegally .
