   coupled with the `` moldovan '' identity they are n't going to be joining romania any time soon . 
  politicians have n't been very welcoming to the romanian idea , and neither has the populace . 
  i wish it would magically work , but it does n't . 
  which is a shame , considering it would probably be the best shot at actually getting a decent life for the population one day . 
   and moldova has to work with what it has and i see not much of a choice for moldova here . 
  i 've yet to see russia to inspire and influence a country to become successful . 
  so do n't blame for not really approving the choice . 
  i mean , what 's the most russia can give ? 
  some cheap loans ? 
  cheaper resources ( which still have to come through ukraine ) ? 
  both are always with a political price and second one makes you dependant as well . 
   now that trump essentially disbanded the nato . 
  this statement is a hyperbole . 
  his comments have definintely not increased trust in nato , but disbanding the most powerful military alliance is something i do n't see him pulling off . 
   from the endless `` jokes '' directed at posters from the baltic states ( `` sorry , russian states '' ) to claims of imminent nuclear war and the mass media printing diagrams of exactly where russia will soon attack and its relative military strength . 
  who and why would russia attack currently ? 
  ukraine is definitely under huge pressure , but if anything , russia would send just more `` volunteers '' in the east . 
  it 's in their interest that the conflict would last , that ukraine would dwindle until pro-russia government is reinstalled after `` evil fascist coup destroyed the country '' . 
  there will be no attacks at nato , including baltics . 
  yes , we 're at a bad location geopolitically and nato is very important , but russia has no reasons at the moment to attack . 
  i mean , one theory is that they 'd want to test nato , but with their current economy and trump sucking up to putin , why risk with a war ? 
  politics in usa and europe and working in their interest right now . 
  why though ? 
  russian empire had some good economic growth period before it turned red . 
  it was definitely felt in estonia , for example . 
  it is * de facto * , and that 's what matters in military strategy . 
  i mean , usa did n't recognize baltics being incorporated into the ussr . 
  i do n't think they marked us as allies during cold war nevertheless . 
  exactly how i see a stereotypical trump and european alt-right voter . 
  one that has no idea about how society , politics , economy etc works but if it 's against the darn liberals , it must be the right choice . 
   at this point , any side is a good side . 
  ca n't agree with that . 
  as i stated above , moldova 's location alone says that only eu offers any viable perspectives for them . 
  russia 's economy is not even 10 % of that of eu 's and moldova and russia do n't even share a border . 
  what is more , eu has experience with positively reforming small countries . 
  i do n't think so . 
  oh , and i imagine russian troops in transnistria , that moldova has repeatedly asked to leave , again show that russia has little interest to help moldova . 
  there are people and forces in eu that care about moldova , one of them being romania . 
  they might not be able to turn the whole union 's opinion , but they certainly have some power . 
  how about russia ? 
  there 's nothing to compare . 
  in any case , eu would stand for moldova more than russia . 
  it 's just moldova itself has forgot to do its homework . 
  oh , please . 
  moldova does not even know itself what it wants . 
  judging by its location , eu is the only sensible outlook for them . 
  russia is not only a lot poorer , but also does n't even share a border with moldova . 
  moldova has been leaning back and forth between eu and russia for a long time now . 
  meanwhile , it has failed to deal with its huge corruption and breakaway transnistria . 
  all this has earned them the status of poorest country in europe . 
  the country is emptying very fast and is reaching demographic catastrophe , if not already in one . 
  in the end , eu does not have a lot of motivation to get moldova . 
  it 's dirt poor , deeply corrupt , lacks any meaningful resources , its location is not too important and has territorial dispute . 
  and now with yet another confirmation , it also has identity crisis ( are they moldovan , romanian , pro-western , pro-russian ? ) . 
  it should be up to moldova itself to make itself attractive , to show it 's willing to be part of eu . 
  it clearly is not willing to do so . 
  and as you might have noticed , not many people in eu are very keen to see more members added to the european union . 
  a poor and corrupt one even less . 
  so moldova might just have thrown away their chances of european integration for good . 
  obsession , yeah right . 
  there 's just one type of people i can immediately recognize and you happened to be that . 
  also , when will the eternal fight with fascism end for russians already ? 
  if you happen to see we 're in alliance created by the winners of wwii , that is those against nazi germany . 
  not healthy to live in a constant state of war . 
  oh look , accusing baltics of nazism . 
  yet another thing absolutely not unique to one specific country . 
  / s too bad all your other identities never come up when talking about baltics . 
  it 's just typical chauvinism , aggressiveness and upbeat attitude about them that 's typical only for russians . 
  not for swedes , not for latvians , not for italians . 
  always for russians . 
  you are derailing the topic . 
  i 'm not here to discuss about all the problems regarding immigrants from africa and middle east . 
  i 'm not denying there are a lot , one being intolerance towards sexual minorities . 
  but i 've also not seen a proof that they 'd be changing the trend of values of entire european countries at this point . 
  hence the wording `` impact is not big enough '' . 
  you 're free to prove me otherwise , though . 
  even with immigration affecting values in the west , i have n't seen any statistics that they 'd be reversing the overall trend of more acceptance in time . 
  their impact is not big enough . 
  i still do n't get a reason here . 
  so why not use proper flair then ? 
   either way it is indefensible liability for nato . 
  i assume your lack of flair has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that you 're from / r/russia and you only coincidentally hint at baltics being a pointless liablity ? 
  such a friendly neighbour ... 
  `` in the world '' says nothing about europe or the west . 
  it 's stupid to compare us to africa or middle east . 
  should one be fine with , for example , crappiest education in europe just because by world standards , they 're still `` above average '' ? 
  or you know , by historical standards ? 
  if us was led by obama , sure . 
  with trump , i 'd rather bet on poland , finland , uk ... 
  also interesting to note that none of the bottom 10 are in the eu . 
  that 's why i ignored it . 
  you see people calling serbia/serbs as russian puppet and you 're annoyed . 
  somehow , you still manage to project posts of some baltic users to entirety of baltics . 
  kinda ironic . 
  indeed we do . 
  for example , demographics quite suck . 
  hopefully , birth rate goes up . 
  then our wages are still far behind nordics . 
  this makes people leave . 
  also , we need to find a way to increase productivity and boost economic growth .
