  there 's a difference between the relocation of germans , which was a direct result of nazi aggression and its loss of war , and just deportations of a dictatorship , which happened with tatars . 
  if there 's no responsiblity for that and tatars should just accept their fate , you do get the feeling that ethnic cleansing are totally ok thing . 
  your points would be considerable if it was n't for russia having selective democracy - where our interests are represented , there shall we have a referendum ( crimea ) , where not , those are just illegal separatists ( chechnya ) . 
  well , that 's not something under question considering russia admitted sending its own troops there . 
  because there are some tatars left and maybe we 'd care about their opinion . 
  also because i really do n't like the fact that you can effectively ethnically cleanse a region , not have any responsibility for that and after a while just declare it 's history now , just forget it . 
  and that 's kinda what happened to many regions in estonia and latvia . 
  maybe we 'd also ask what the deported tatars think ? 
  because we here get really annoyed about all those `` historical russian lands '' where russians actually did n't use to live and where uncle stalin violently deported other people . 
  because it 's not a possibility that people actually did n't want corrupt pro-russian policies in their country , so those * must * have been support by evil west ? 
  i would n't be surprised if baltics ' independence from soviet union will soon be labelled as us intervention . 
   think `` you can be of any ethnicity you want , but first and foremost you 're estonians '' . 
  that 's all it takes . 
  that would be great . 
  however , that does n't work when most of them live mentally in russian federation . 
  it 's * not * about ethnicity here , it 's about the information sphere . 
  from the moment they are born , to kindergarten , to schools , to work , most of them are in russian information sphere . 
  and you 'd think that would change in current information era , but no - turns out russia has a completely separate internet site for everything , including social media , news service , mail etc. 
  it 's no surprise they 'll never communicate with estonians either in real world nor even online . 
  this effect comes out with almost every public opinion survey , where russians have always more similar attitudes to russians in russia , rather than estonians . 
  this becomes especially problematic on topics that are viewed diametrically differently among the groups , basically anything considering politics , russia , soviet union , occupation , the west , language rights etc. 
  so , what to do in such situation ? 
  so far , we 've been pushing for more estonian in schools and recently opened a full time russian channel . 
  hopefully that helps . 
  but after 25 years of ( re - ) independence , it 's awful to see thousands of people fly soviet and russian flags on `` red '' holidays . 
  by the way , even a bbc journalist said that on 9th may in narva , he saw zero estonian flags , while tons of russian/soviet and even dnr one . 
  that quite clearly alienates estonians and makes them think of russians as invaders , foreigners , occupiers etc. 
  i understand it 's not right to generalize , but there should be respect by both sides and celebrating occupation holidays ( that have largely transformed into chauvinsitic russian ones ) is definitely not respecting others . 
  if they 're really only russians and have nothing to do with soviet union , this should n't be an issue . 
  and yet it is . 
  i 'm afraid you underestimate the amount of such people here . 
   because betting on just one horse ( as you are currently doing with us ) and massively antagonising the big neighbour is rarely a successful long term strategy . 
  we have to disagree here . 
  firstly , i do n't think we 're antagonizing russia . 
  you just have to look at which country has issues with who and you 'll see that it 's russia that 's currently in hostile relations with * all * of its western neighbours , except for belarus , which is just so heavily russified it has largely lost its identity . 
  yeah , we 're way more vocal than finland , for example , but there 's a reason for that , too . 
  you have high international reputation and russia needs at least some proof how they actually can get along with a neighbour , plus of course the experience of finlandization . 
  russia does n't have a huge minority in finland , issues due to soviet occupation etc. 
  so russia ca n't just influence finland in the way it can with baltics . 
  you ca n't seriously think we do n't want good relations with russia . 
  we do , it 'd be considerably better for business , security and politics . 
  but really , if you face that propaganda , that hostility , from the smallest things such as russia not returning stolen properties of estonia to the claim that the occupation and repressions in 1940s were actually a `` liberation '' , and surely , everything succesful here is only as a result of soviet `` investments '' in baltics etc , you just ca n't take them as a partner . 
  remember when in tallinn in 2007 , estonian government decided to relocate a soviet monument and russia started huge propaganda war which ended in russian riots in the city , together with cyber attacks and russian attack in estonian embassy in russia , and finally russia cutting transits through estonia ? 
  how can you have normal relations with such country ? 
  we could be silent , but honestly , there has to be at least some bit of self-respect . 
  i 'd rather not rely on such country at all , even if it economically seems expensive . 
   my take on it is that our leadership in the west gets more and more distant from normal people . 
  this has been worsening with the current situation in eu , where entire countries ' populations have been effectively thrown under the proverbial bus . 
  and this has a cost for them - the rise of far-right . 
  if there 's democracy , people can make their choice . 
   at the same time , russian leadership went for exact opposite route - both president and government routinely come for televised questioning by their own citizenry , and address even nasty concerns like specific incidents of corruption directly and head on . 
  you do n't see that in eu leadership , which likes to dodge these issues instead . 
  i ca n't see why the president 's show is somehow a great achievement in democracy . 
  we have investigative media for that . 
  besides , it does n't even make sense to ask about a local corruption case , for example , from putin , who probably has no idea what they 're talking about , but he surely promises to look into it . 
  not to mention that does it mean only those few , who manage to make a call , can get their problems solved , and others are forgotten ? 
   i would suggest that our leadership took example from russia when it comes to actually engaging the population in highest echelons of power instead of the current `` isolated elite that talks at rather than to their constituents '' . 
  show the people that eu and its leadership can honestly meet concerns of the people face to face and takes them seriously . 
  maybe i ca n't relate , because i 've seen quite a few estonian ministers doing that , so it does n't seem that much of an issue here . 
  just a quick search for `` rt ukraine '' in youtube and the first results are about bankrupt ukraine , then some reports , oh `` us has more to gain from ukraine crisis than russia or europe '' , `` why is russia being slapped for ukraine crisis '' etc. 
  although a worse one is to search `` rt latvia '' : you 'll get nazi glorification , oppressed russians and dying latvia all in one page . 
  `` rt mh 17 '' shows clearly how absolutely none of the reports mention russia or the separatists as downers of the airline , but pressure for `` no truth '' or some `` alternative '' russian investigations of it . 
  so no , i ca n't see it having changed , it 's still biased af . 
  so does that mean they are failed cases and we should dump them ? 
  ukraine , russia and belarus are not even nearly that bad actually , if they only had more stability and peace . 
  it does n't really matter what we think of it , now does it ? 
  it matters what ukraine , georgia and moldova think of their situations , respectively . 
  i mean if ukrainians really would say that indeed crimea should not be theirs , russia had right to take it , do you think our reaction would have any effect in the world ? 
  it would n't . 
  anyway , i do n't think we 're hypocritical here . 
  crimea and transnistria separated because of russians not wanting to be part of the `` host '' country . 
  why would we ever support that considering we have huge minorities ourselves ? 
  i mean , that `` historical russian land '' rhetorics can be easily extended into baltics . 
  and no offense , but those russians hysterically cheering for putin and russia seem exactly the same kind of brainwashed * homo soveticus * we ca n't stand at all . 
  if those people want russia so much , just fucking move there , do n't start messing up other countries , which do n't have some mother countries as a back-up plan . 
  they all cry how bad situation they are in because of collapse of soviet union , but they give 0 fucks about the nations that share the country . 
   south ossetia and the whole georgian soldiers shooting up the civilian city , then driving through it screaming racial slurs and demanding that women and children come out of the basements since they did n't have time to go in there and kill them in their rush for the gori tunnel were a good example . 
  neither abkhasia nor south ossetia were any more part of georgia than estonia was part of soviet union . 
  until stalin decided otherwise . 
  and georgians are more than happy to slaughter all ossetians , who are distinctly different from them in both ethnicity and religion . 
  georgia is a more complicated story , but again here - ca n't understand how now a country that has two pieces carved out of it should think that 's normal ? 
  i also ca n't see that abkhazia or south ossetia would be some booming lands . 
  all i can see is again two pseudo-republics and a bigger country ( georgia ) fucked up . 
  who benefited from that ? 
  and claiming that `` they '' want to kill the minorities sound suspiciously similar to what russia claims for each of their neighbour when they have some problems . 
  besides , this all `` soviets did a mistake with this '' is actually hypocritical from russia 's side . 
  you know what else they did that we think was not historically justified ? 
  they annexed some estonian lands . 
  maybe russia would give them back ? 
  jaanilinn and petseri . 
  not to mention finnish lands , k\u00f6ningsberg , kuril islands etc. 
  a lot of changes that i see as completely wrong were made and yet russia does n't give a fuck unless it concerns it getting more lands ( because the world 's largest country needs more and more , right ) . 
   there is a reason why russians are in those places . 
  see , they came in during the time when russia actually did n't accept crimea after it was offered that by kuchma upon split of ussr . 
  russia back then had problems just staying as one country with conflicts tearing the country apart . 
  but they were also the only ones in the former soviet union states with know how on how to keep the conflicts in regions like abkhasia , nagorno-karabakh and so on under the lid instead of open wars as they were before soviet union . 
  so they were trusted , often reluctantly to continue keeping the lid on top of those boiling pots of sectarian warfare as they did for last half a century . 
  but we have n't criticized that russia intervened . 
  we have critized that they have n't done it on legal basis and have invaded their neighbours ( and whatever the motives are , they are invasions ) . 
  georgia and ukraine are known stories , but moldova has also repeatedly asked for russia to leave and yet it does not .
