  and that 's the country we constantly hear about intentions of good will and relations , right ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen such a horrible `` debate '' on our national tv . 
  and we 're country of 1.3 million , not 145 million . 
  so you watched the show and everything seemed normal ? 
  well then there 's nothing more to add . 
  i have an absolutely different understanding of civilized communication , something that 's common in europe . 
  yes , that show . 
  yes , but not to such extent and ability to influence most of the community . 
  i advise you to look at last friday 's show of * \u0412\u0440\u0435\u043c\u044f \u043f\u043e\u043a\u0430\u0436\u0435\u0442 * on * \u041f\u0435\u0440\u0432\u044b\u0439 \u043a\u0430\u043d\u0430\u043b * , which is about baltics . 
  i had already extremely low opinion on russian media , but airing such chauvinist bullshit on the country 's main tv channel , is shocking even for me . 
  it 's like a fucking zoo of psychologically unstable retards circlejerking around . 
  even some of the carefully selected `` representatives '' of baltics ( which are always some kind of extremist pro-russian chauvinists ) were screamed upon due to being too `` fascist '' . 
  really , is that supposed to be from a civilized country ? 
  i 'd really like the western europeans that think russian media is just `` another point of view '' to come live in baltics for a while . 
  to really see what kind of artifical made-up bullshit is spread here , that has the power to fuel riots among russian minority , based on things that never happened . 
  their media is absolutely cancerous . 
  according to russian media , we 're banning russian language , we 're blowing up soviet statues . 
  we had multiple devaluations before adopting the euro . 
  our economy is based on 50 % russian transit , 30 % eu aid and 20 % production of sprats . 
  most of our people work cleaning toilets in paris and berlin etc. 
  sorry , but that 's outright stalin-tier chauvinist bullshit that comes out there . 
  okay , we have a cute christmas market every year in tallinn . 
  i do n't think we need to post it more than once a year , though . 
  the transition in ex-ussr world was really painful . 
  collapse of a country and collapse of the economic system combined , as opposed for only the latter for the satellites like poland . 
  russia often likes to bring out that 1990s was a horrible era , and it was . 
  but it was so in every post-ussr country and does not justify blaming the west , attacking your neighbours or being a dick in general . 
  for example , [ `` deaths due to attack '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gisazta.gif ) in estonia . 
  it 's still significantly worse than eu average , but 10 times ( ! ), 
  smaller than the peak in 1990s . 
  i 've only heard `` positively surprising '' for estonia . 
  yes , but that takes time . 
  even * if * it would be built , it would be a train tunnel . 
  i do n't think you can build so long road tunnels , it would be too dangerous . 
  they 're not going to get a debt relief soon . 
  eu is in a very shaky position and just imagine the wave of support for far-right after `` european taxpayers forced to bail out greece '' , `` your money will be spent on lazy greeks and greedy banks ! '', 
   but remember it was given as a gift from russia to ukraine by khrushchev , there were other territories `` gifted '' in a similar way . 
  estonia lost some border areas that way aswell . 
  do you see russia giving them back ? 
   and is 90 % + russian . 
  so is the border town of narva in estonia . 
  again , not a big deal if invaded and annexed by russia ? 
   they held a referendum and chose russia . 
  a referendum conducted when russian troops were already occupying the territory . 
  do you imagine any other outcome there ? 
  and i mean , if we 're into referendums , i 'd really like to see those in russian provinces , regarding their independence . 
   russia did not want a nato naval base right on their border . 
  ukraine 's support to nato skyrocketed only * after * russia invaded them . 
  furthermore , what is n't `` right on their border '' according to them ? 
  even our westernmost islands are probably that for them . 
   also , do n't forget , the us staged a coup in ~ ~ russia ~ ~ ukraine where democratically elected yanukovych was ousted . 
  oh , right . 
  that magic story how ukrainians totally would have loved to continue in their dwindling economy , falling heavily behind their neighbours , and support the widespread corruption . 
  maidan was n't controlled by outside forces , and considering the country 's situation , was not really unforeseeable . 
  the outcome does n't matter here , it 's what triggered the events in the first place . 
   would you like to go to war with them over it ? 
  do you see anybody going to war over it ? 
  what i see is a clear signal that such actions are not okay and will permanently damage russia 's position on political , economical , and defence level . 
  what you would like is for russia to be able to do what it wants on its borders . 
  not a very likeable future in my opinion . 
   dude check your comment history , everything is literally about russia or is russia related , are n't you living in your own bubble ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not everything , but considering the events in this region in the past few years , do you find it surprising that russia dominates the topics regarding international politics ? 
   unlike estonia , where a pro-russian party is likely to gain power in the coming weeks , latvia has locked its equivalent party out of government , despite it regularly topping the polls . 
  we seriously have some bad english correspondents on politics in estonia . 
  estonia will have no major changes in its foreign or security policy . 
  the party might try to appeal to russian-speaking minority inside the country , but not much towards russia as it would immediately risk with losing estonian voters . 
  it 's not `` pro-russia '' in that sense . 
  not every former socialist country is the same . 
  please explain what did that `` labelling as an enemy '' include ? 
  did you mean reaction to invading ukraine and annexing crimea ? 
  because that 's a reaction to very serious violation of international law . 
  and even * if * us changes its foreign policy on russia , are we some us puppets now to follow them blindly ? 
  maybe that 's something where europe should now have the spine . 
  doing the same thing over and over again hoping for a different result ... 
   western media outlets are as biased as russian are . 
  well , that 's something i ca n't agree with . 
  i have n't seen western state media imply russian military aircraft shot down mh-17 . 
  i do n't see fabricated artificial lies spinning around and going viral there . 
  that 's the thing . 
  both may be biased , but russia takes it so much farther . 
  i think we could publish a book on all the events that never happened but actually did according to russian media . 
  furthermore , there 's internal criticism in the west . 
  all the middle east conflicts have seen huge backlash in usa . 
  in russia , the people are made to believe everybody behaves like them so they need to support their side in the information war . 
  well , go attack a neighbour and an important ally with huge business , family etc connections and you 'll see dictator 's support actually skyrocket . 
  after all , it 's russia that 's the victim , even after invading and annexing neighbours ...  vk is much more popular because it was intended to be used by russian speaking people , so ofcourse russians will use it more likely rather than fb ( which by the way is inferior imo ) . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the thing is russian people just live in a different world , even when it comes to social media . 
  that only makes the vicious circle stronger . 
  they live in their own bubble . 
   oh , ofcourse , trump bashing 24/7 non-stop , collude with major political forces and yet he won . 
  because the smart people overcame the corrupt media , right ? 
  wrong , trump has no political experience and has some said rather shocking statements . 
  he 's a showman , of course he 's always in scandals . 
  i 'm quite sure clinton 's problems with e-mails , not to mention she 's `` about to start wwiii '' did n't become widespread by americans `` figuring out themselves '' , it was through media . 
   it will probably be a sensation for you but there is free media in russia aswell . 
  oh , there most likely is . 
  but here 's the thing , the vast majority of russians have tv news as # 1 source of information and television is almost exclusively owned by the government , either directly , through state-owned companies or oligarchs close to putin . 
  this makes people adopt the government 's positions on issues and because russians are often monolingual , they have also limited access to global media , this creates a vicious circle of state propaganda circulating in russian media . 
  i can see it even in my own country .
