  why the hell do you need russian in lithuania ? 
  i imagine with russians being an even smaller minority than poles , they 'd be forced to learn lithuanian . 
  is that not so ? 
  well , only in theory . 
  i 'm quite sure a lot of those people do n't even know themselves what they stand for . 
  the first would be nationalism aka ethnicity-based `` glorious white russians only tru people of russia '' , the second then some kind of chauvinism `` rossiya big !, 
  slava putin !, 
  all russian-speakers part of \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 \u043c\u0438\u0440 !, 
  down with evil us imperialists ! '', 
  well , vilnius had a polish-speaking majority for a long time , but the fact alone leaves a wrong impression . 
  how vilnius became to have such demographics is a story of polish-lithuanian commonwealth becoming dominated by polish language . 
  just like most germans were expelled from the towns that were given to poland etc. 
  it 's time to let go of the past . 
  it 's especially pointless considering poland is not really lacking of beautiful cities and vilnius has always been the symbolic capital of lithuanians . 
  putin 's support has been traditionally the lowest among residents of moscow and st. petersburg , the two by far most developed cities in the country . 
  so take that as you will . 
  that 's for malta . 
  lithuania had very high support in the referendum - 91 % . 
  i do n't think it did . 
  in estonia , euro changeover happened when global commodity prices were surging and economic recovery from the 2008-09 crisis was happening , so people felt like the euro rised the prices . 
  lithuania joined when the oil price and commodities had gone down a lot , so inflation was near zero or even negative , so they felt like the euro did n't do much . 
  some minor exploits probably did happen , like rounding up a bit . 
  but the effect of those is minimal and inflation is n't all bad for the economy anyway ( benefits the companies ) . 
   the average african will almost never fly and is unlikely to own a car , certainly not a new car . 
  they use significantly less energy and water , consume less food ( most of which is subsistence-grown ) and demand less `` stuff '' ( gadgets , clothes ) as individuals . 
  the environmental footprint of most africans is negligible . 
  and this is how it 's supposed to be ? 
  we live in an era of information and globalization and africans want all that , too . 
  if they ca n't get it there , they just might feel to ... 
  i do n't know ... go to europe where that 's possible ? 
   furthermore , africa is huge , the size of most other developed nations combined , and is host to insane mineral wealth , fertile soil and biodiversity . 
  africa is more than capable of supporting a larger population if planned for properly . 
  whether such planning will take place is a debate for another day . 
  take a [ fresh look ] ( http://www.worldmapsonline.com/images/giclee/satellite_image_maps/africa_enhanced_physical_giclee_lg.jpg ) , africa is huge , but a large part of it are plain deserts . 
  fertile soils make up like what , half of the continent , if even that ? 
  do n't also forget that in addition to natural resources , they 'll need to upgrade infrastructure , educate more people etc. 
  all which is way-way more difficult to do when population is increasing fast . 
  moreover , together with fast population increase , they are also having urbanization , making infrastructure problems even worse . 
  and then there are all those ethnic conflicts , those unsustainable governments , diseases etc. 
   my point is that overpopulation is n't really the issue , overconsumption is . 
  the planet will be under much more strain from another billion people in china , south america and asean living like westerners over the next decade than from another two or three billion africans over the next century . 
  that 's if we assume development never reaches africa . 
  i would ideally imagine that we want to reach a point where continents have more equal development , and exploding population of africa makes that impossible as there are ever more mouths to feed , more people to educate , more houses to build . 
  but if we do n't , we have another problem - all those poor people migrating to europe for a better life . 
  population of europe ( as a whole ) is estimated by some sources to enter a state of permanent decline already this decade . 
  if we look at the birth rates , as anything below 2.1 indicates decline , we 've already been there for decades , increasing life span and immigration have just been delaying that a bit . 
  considering that 's the trend all developed countries follow , just look at japan and south korea , i 'm not * that * pessimistic . 
  if we look at european unemployment rates , it also does n't seem that we 'd be lacking that much workforce . 
  it 's possible to adapt . 
  it might be how future societies just are . 
  however , what worries me is the booming population of africa . 
  if we take the same year 2060 , how does it make you feel that nigeria , for example , is projected to have a population of 473 million and still growing fast ? 
  or uganda having a population as big as russia 's and about to overtake them ? 
  i might be pessimistic , but what i see are some gigantic migration waves to europe . 
  they might be , but estonia will never reach that number anyway . 
  if we had 1 % yearly population growth , which is huge for a european country , we 'd reach 2 million by 2060 . 
  if we had just 0,2 % , we 'd reach 1.4 million by then . 
  no , stable slow growth is best for a country like estonia , which is the same size as the netherlands , but with just ~ 8 % of the population . 
  because europe 's decline will obviously balance the population boom in africa and all our problems will be solved ? 
  it 's africa that 's having the unsustainable growth , not us . 
  we could actually use a bit more people . 
  please come here and try to talk to the soviet-era generations . 
  homosexual acts were criminalized right next to pedophilia ( i 've read the criminal law of estonian soviet socialist republic ) . 
  they can claim they were all some freedom-loving people that were n't affected by totalitarian regime , but it clearly shows up on these issues . 
  sweeping problems under the rug was the norm in soviet union . 
  estonia is at 1.3 million since mid-2000s , and i 'd really like if the number was growing instead - we 're already so sparsely populated and cities , including tallinn , have more than enough room to grow . 
   i do understand to some extent why eastern europe is worried , but this does n't justify the utter paranoia to the levels of thinking an invasion is actually a possible prospect ( i 'm not saying it 's impossible , but just extremely unlikely , a less than 0.000000000001 % chance ) . 
  why do you think this step is just a result of such paranoia ? 
  i do n't consider a russian invasion realistic at all , but i still support more nato troops along with sanctions etc. 
  the reason is that russia will pay for its invasions with its economic relations strained , international relations down the drain and security situation becoming worse . 
  this will make russia consider more carefully of another act of aggression , because for every such step , there will be widespread response . 
   there was a time when north korea was a wealthy successful country while south korea was a poor dictatorship . 
  no there was n't . 
  there might have been a period where out of two poor and underdeveloped koreas , north fared economically a bit better due to aid from china and ussr ( ? 
  ) , but it 's quite clear that communism and heavy repressions would never make a rich north korea possible . 
   the world was markedly better off when the soviet union was around . 
  so how did the world benefit from being some playground of two opposing superpowers ? 
  or eastern and central europe from being occupied ? 
  i ca n't agree with this statement at all . 
  it would have been nice to specify that this infomation comes from a norwegian security portal and there 's no confirmation from estonian side . 
   sure , it was doing okay until hitler burned eastern europe 's industry to the ground and then the soviet union came in and helped rebuild it . 
  and soviet union of course had no part in the destruction , right ? 
  and that `` help '' was some 45 years too much or so . 
   it exists the same way appalachia exists , it 's a sub-culture of another culture , but it 's tangible existence has only been for a few years in the name of the strategic interest of the west . 
  i wonder what sub-culture would estonia be ? 
  definitely not russia - different language , alphabet , religion , education levels etc. 
  and yes , that 's how the world works . 
  we could get independence only by exploiting the weakness of russia and using western help . 
  but nevertheless nobody offered it on a silver tray , it had to be fought . 
  and it 's a big thing to win against russia and germany at the same time . 
  and that 's what got us our own country . 
   do you have a large russian base with a warm water port in their country ? 
  then no . 
  let me remind you that estonia and finland could potentially block russia from any kind of access to the baltic sea . 
  kaliningrad is isolated and wedged between poland and lithuania , no help from that either . 
  is that really less important than one warm port ? 
   eastern europe has always been poor , economic issues was never a surprise in that region . 
  but let 's also keep in mind that it was the soviet union that finally ended the cycle of famines in eastern europe . 
  you 're getting off topic , i mentioned russia only . 
  however , is this some fucking joke ?
