  of course we do n't want to alienate russians , but it should be honestly admitted how russians became to form such a large part of estonia , it should be understood that glorification of soviet union is extremely disgusting for estonians , that estonians do have the right to take down soviet stuff if they want ( because soviet = / = russian ) etc. 
  would you like to try that ? 
  it actually makes you more anti-russia if you do n't consume it too much and turn into a belarus . 
  well , i 'd compare these to women of the same region , and they are considerably worse . 
  nordics , for example , have much smaller gaps there . 
   better try making them more pro-european . 
  what do you think estonia has been trying to do the last 25 years ? 
  that 's why i said ` if this wo n't have an impact ' . 
  because really , i would not see any more ways to change the situation than just to pull them off the russian information sphere . 
  another option would be to completely ban russian media and i do n't think that would be taken too kindly . 
  just ` boosting life quality and getting them jobs ' alone wo n't help . 
  already tried that . 
  in 2007 , estonia had higher growth rate than china , unemployment was at all time lows and wages record high . 
  still , only * relocating * a soviet monument was managed to turn ( with `` help '' from russian media ) into a huge riot , which created huge divisions between estonians and russians . 
  but there 's no calculation on ethnic bases whatsoever , the only official language of estonia is estonian language , that 's been in the constitution for decades already and that 's what people here should take into account . 
  estonia has no obligation to offer services in any other language , it 's all purely voluntary . 
  so do latvians , finns and other nationalities living here , yet they do n't get preferential treatment . 
  paying taxes is an obligation in every country . 
  by the way , if we went to calculating the taxes based on nationality , i do n't think russians would shine too much , considering their lower wages , higher unemployment , considerably higher prison population etc. 
  that 's not how society works , though . 
  kazakhstan voted in favour ? 
  losing the last few allies ? 
   it 's a man 's paradise . 
  unfortunately , statistics seem to indicate otherwise . 
  low life expectancy , bad health , suicides , crime etc. 
   estonia , on the other hand , is preparing to launch a new channel aimed at its 350,000 russian speakers , forming nearly 30 % of the population . 
  if this wo n't have an impact , i would start considering converting all russian schools fully into estonian . 
  it would break the chain of segregration which starts from kindergarten - russians are put to russian-speaking ones , estonians to estonian ones , from there on to schools to labour market , and with that , of course , different media . 
  why would we fund that with our own money ? 
  hey , we are totally northern europe . 
  right guys ? 
  oh , but it does matter . 
  this is already costing us european integration , with schengen slowly falling apart and division in eu wider than ever . 
  it 's not just a humanitarian help we all agree with and have means to do so . 
  we are doing it on the expense of europe , which should not be what eu should target for . 
  what 's really absurd for me is how non-europeans have suddenly become a priority for europe . 
  we 're not a world union and we did n't sign up to be one . 
  estonia and finland should now reclaim their territorial waters ( which is possible according to the un sea convention ) and nationalize nord stream , and immediately cut all russian gas supplies to germany together with cee . 
  after all , the nazis need to learn a lesson . 
  / s the shocking thing is , that 's quite close to the mentality i currently feel from german politicians . 
  i followed maidan events quite closely and i think it was quite clear most ukrainians wanted changes . 
  true , the events turned violent , clashes occurred and people died , many far-right movements tried to push their views on , but in the end , they failed . 
  democratic elections were held . 
  so you think ukrainians not siding with russia ( = / = anti-russian ) is enough to invade a country ? 
  why would anybody want an `` ally '' like that ? 
   russians did n't give money for violent maidan protests that took down legit elected government , as far as i remember . 
  no , they only invaded ukraine , annexed a part of it and continue to fund and support a violent war in eastern mainland part of ukraine . 
  what a friendly ` brother nation ' . 
   oh and they are global players now , you cant deny that . 
  nah , it 's really some kind of remnants of an empire that is extremely afraid of a ` colourful revolution ' and therefore is desperate to find common enemies to get attention away from domestic problems . 
  global powers have respect , russia has none . 
   they are acknowledged as global players , far more then in yeltsin times . 
  that 's probably only in russians ' head , if they have n't discovered they are sanctioned and have managed to make their own ` brother nation ' one of their biggest enemies , not to mention that most of their western neigbhours now hate them . 
   that policy also created a major gender gap , china has way more boys than girls . 
  which is in and of itself a major problem . 
  that 's because of cultural sexism and has nothing to do with controlling population growth . 
   china 's policy is a long term , strategic success but i would n't call it a humanitarian one as well . 
  ignoring the population explosion in africa is even less humanitarian as it will mean more people fighting for the same amount of resources , and looking at africa today , it means millions of more people starving , suffering diseases , dead in conflicts etc. 
   and definitely not something that could easily happen under a democratic regime . 
  i 'm sorry but how many democratic regimes do we have currently in africa ? 
   i do n't have an instant solution for this , what do you propose ? 
  i think china is often an example of a poor underdeveloped country transforming itself . 
  however , often it 's forgotten that they managed to get their population under control through a one-child-policy before experiencing the economic boom . 
  about 40 % of africa is deserts and unfortunately , the number is increasing as deforestation often results in desertification . 
  nope , russian state media has turned into a complete propaganda machine . 
  today , estonia refused to let one of rt journalists in ( if only whole eu would start doing that ) , which will probably become another `` hurr nazis restricting freedom of speech '' - story but rossiya-1 still did manage to rush to the farmers ' protest in toompea ( estonian symbol of power ) to show the incredible horrors the bad relations with russia have brought upon us ( because it has nothing to do with general milk overproduction in europe and ending of milk quotas ) . 
  these are of course meant to feed russians the picture of oppression and poverty in the west ( or at least fascist pribaltika ) , so as not to feel so bad about russia 's economic crisis . 
  i really see no reason not to impose a total ban on russian state media in entire eu , they provide nothing valuable and only abuse freedom of speech to fuel nationalism in russia . 
  they are just having a blast with all the problems in the eu , putin is probably comforting himself with the material after seeing russian macroeconomic indicators . 
  it 's not evil but it 's incredibly dumb . 
  it 's like estonia giving away its national budget to every people in the world , so each of them would get like a bit over 1 $ but the country itself would most likely collapse . 
   i wonder how liberal and democratic they actually are . 
  ldpr ? 
  they are absolute extremists by european standards . 
  their leader has called to bomb poland & baltics due to additional nato forces , to return imperial system in russia , to kill birds that are spreading bird flu etc. 
  the party itself wants to `` revise russia 's superpower status '' and considers the west as no . 
  1 enemy of russia . 
  basically , nationalist radicals with a leader that has a clown status even in russia , yet still they manage to get over 10 % of votes in russian duma elections . 
  what 's worse is that after putin 's united russia 's unbeatable popularity , the second most popular party is the commies and then these `` liberal democrats '' . 
  not much of a choice . 
  the only party that ever seemed reasonable to me is `` yabloko '' , but even they seem to have lost popularity , probably due to surge in nationalism . 
   i thought that it was far right parties that are most closely aligned with russia , with the national front and jobbik being the 2 biggest examples . 
  i guess both far-left and far-right do . 
  extremists always like ` firm leaders ' such as putin . 
  ehh , at the moment , i do n't see how it would work out . 
  considering that 22 out of 28 eu member states are already in nato , building an additional international security block would be not only a headache , but quite ineffective aswell . 
  there 's more than half a century old bloc with all its infrastructure , connections , equipments , knowledge , networks , reputation etc and then there 's ( currently ) nothing . 
  what is more , almost none of nato members are willing to spend the required 2 % of gdp on military , how would they manage to find money for a new bloc , and later , contributing there , when there 's no usa keeping up the funding ? 
  would that also mean disintegration of nato , which would be a major loss ? 
  comparing germany and usa , i really do n't see the benefits of replacing the latter with the former , especially considering its very weak stance on common defence , low spending and appeasing policies towards russia . 
  should we prefer it just because it 's in europe ? 
  also , giving yet another big project to brussels , which has been rather incompetent recently , just makes my head ache . 
  maybe let 's solve the bigger problems we now have first , instead of creating yet another one ? 
  to be honest , for us , usa has been a much better military ally than germany for example . 
  even historically , they dared to not recognize soviet occupation of baltics at all , never cooperated with soviet occupants by , for example , turning in baltic refugees ( shame , sweden , but even worse , finland ) . 
  today , they are willing to help baltics and poland to boost their defence and react to putin 's aggression . 
   remember ww2 ? 
  we were neutral , and it kept us safe , even though we secretly sent aid , equipment and volunteers to our friends . 
  we were neutral too , and not only , we had ( according to our constitution , still have ) peace treaty with russia specifically saying `` russia will give up any demands on estonian land , nation or property from this time to forever '' . 
  did n't help one bit .
