  your relations are never getting back to what they once were . 
  crimea is a poison in that sense . 
  it 's the same with georgia and moldova . 
  sure , relations might normalize at one point ( as much as they can ) , but until russia occupies their territories , or what they consider theirs , you wo n't return to ` business as usual ' . 
   the uk is about to leave europe it 's painful to read that . 
   mr ivanov 's former deputy , anton vaino , has been appointed as his successor . 
  born in tallinn ( in soviet era ) , he 's the grandson of karl vaino , the leader of soviet estonia from 1978-1988 . 
  karl vaino , even though having an estonian name and roots , had not much to do with estonia . 
  his family had moved to russia even before republic of estonia was formed in 1918 , and became communists soon enough . 
  karl vaino was strongly disliked by estonians , as he did n't speak a word of estonian , and lead the most intense russification era of soviet times . 
  with glasnost and perestroika , and with national re-awakening in baltics in late 1980s , the man was considered to be a stagnant and was replaced . 
  he and his family returned to russia . 
  so such an interesting connection to estonia , albeit not a very positive one . 
  our rowing bronze is probably the only medal we 're getting this year , so you do n't have to feel that bad . 
   you have recognition and opinions on one hand , and the truth on the other . 
  it may have been resurected but it 's not really the same state anymore . 
  that 's been an arguing point in estonia for a long time , but we 've agreed that it 's the same state , just with a long occupation period . 
  of course you can argue it 's ` not the same ' , but many legal questions depend on whether it 's considered the same country or not . 
  for example , people could obtain passports based on whether they were citizens before occupation . 
  peoples ' property was returned to those that previously owned them etc. 
  all that to the point of we celebrating 24th february 1918 as our independence day . 
   the first republic triggered, 
  u/h2ppyme , why you always so mean ? 
  these soviet-made demographics are very sensitive topic for baltics , because that 's similar to what happened to many regions here . 
  okay , we ca n't blame today 's russia and russians for all crimes of the past , but when they yell about `` historical justice '' and `` always russian '' about crimea , it kinda grinds our gears . 
  they have world 's largest country already , justice would be to give other nations room to breathe aswell . 
  that 's probably just a crappy map . 
  why would they include mainland estonia ( no islands ) , but not , for example , belarus or even kaliningrad , which is actually part of russia ? 
  macedonia seems like bulgarians and serbs mixed , lost memory and then adopted a greek ( macedonian ) identity . 
  sounds so very balkan . 
  quite a childish thing imo . 
  they should criticise ioc if they do n't agree with their decision , not boo at athletes . 
  indeed . 
  georgia and ukraine both made a terrible mistake - they allowed russian troops on their territories , and both paid dearly for it - by losing these territories in conflicts with russia . 
  this does n't say much . 
  of course you 'll emphasize you want to get along with pretty much everybody in the world . 
  what matters is what actions you are going to take . 
   if i say that an apple costs 5 $ and an orange costs 50 $ - are these expensive oranges ? 
  cheap oranges ? 
  i do n't know , the comparison gives no information that would allow me to make such judgement . 
  to be honest , it 's a good example you brought . 
  if you want fruits , it might be reasonable to buy more cheaper apples than an incredibly expensive orange . 
  you can estimate how nutritious each of the fruit is . 
  same with transport , a bridge is not the only solution . 
   so what , russia should have just left crimea connected only by barges and focused on wealthy regions ? 
  improving the barge connection would have been indeed a realistic alternative . 
  purely economically , this would have probably been a preferred option . 
  especially if driving through ukraine would be available . 
  foreign language is not only based on domestic issues . 
  we never use english to communicate with fellow estonians , but instead , we use it for international communication . 
  same with russian . 
  it 's quite clear that language ca n't be a requirement for people of this country , and russians must learn estonian eventually , not the other way around . 
  however , russia wo n't go anywhere , and considering it 's a giant country with quite a lot of speakers , they 're not too likely to all learn english . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  crimea has a population of just 2.3 million , spending $ 4.5 billion or more dollars on it deserves very much comparing it to other infrastructure projects . 
  we all know such investment is not based on purely economic interest , neither is rail baltic . 
  however , the latter would connect more people and wealthier regions for a smaller price tag . 
  yes , but russian will hardly lose its position as the second foreign language . 
  english has become to dominate , clearly , and has overtaken russian as the primary foreign language here , but russian will surely stay the most popular choice after english . 
  yeah , did n't claim otherwise . 
  19 km is also quite a length for a bridge . 
  just compared to what that sum could build . 
  considering all eu members apart from romania and bulgaria are considered to be `` very highly developed '' by un , and the remaining two being at the top of `` highly developed '' , i 'd say they 're pretty succesful . 
  there is a lot to criticise about eu , huge inequality between member states being one of them , but it 's quite clear outside of it we 'd be doing worse . 
   at a cost of at least $ 4.5 billion , the 19-kilometer car-and-rail bridge will tie russia to crimea fuck , that 's expensive . 
  especially considering they pay wages in rubles which makes it a lot cheaper than similar projects in western europe . 
  for example , rail baltica , the biggest infrastructure project ever in baltics , which aims to connect tallinn to poland by high-speed railway , is estimated to cost around $ 4 billion . 
  but that 's nearly 1 ' 000 km of high-speed railways and several stations , compared to a 19 km bridge . 
  it 's a test to see whether eu is independent enough and fines siemens if it does business in crimea , or is its main purpose being a giant export market for germany instead . 
  all of these are still better than any eastern european country outside eu . 
  yeah , look at all those eastern success stories outside eu like serbia or moldova . 
  estonia does n't publish gnp data , but real gdp reached pre-crisis peak only this year . 
   may be why their economy collapsed in 2009 so much more than other countries ( 20 % gdp reduction over two years ) . 
  it tanked because we had a massive bubble based on borrowed money which busted and previously over-generous credit flow was quickly switched off . 
  at the same time , the state made massive cuts ( due to not wanting to borrow and keeping deficit low ) . 
  all this together with estonia 's economy being liberal in general , relying heavily on foreign trade and we also kinda had the worst economic crisis since great depression in the world . 
  i would n't say letting economy tank that much was the smartest move , but at least we recovered and do n't have an unsustainable debt pile . 
  it was also a painful lesson for the people that had forgotten how debts and market economy work . 
   aww , you watch that on tv ? 
  are you living in estonia or finland ? 
  i live in estonia generally , but spend some time in finland in summers . 
  when i watch the poliisit show on finnish tv , the officers are very calm and professional , and all the experience i 've had with finnish police ( there is n't much ) are comparable . 
  not that you have some huge criminals there either , but i can see why there 's so much trust . 
  fortunately , it 's not much different in estonia nowadays , but it could always be better . 
  only those medals that were won under estonian flag are counted , so that is 1920-1940 and 1991 onwards . 
   besides , i agree . 
  ideally , all russia 's oil & gas must go to china and other far east places . 
  absolutely true . 
  no need whatsoever to hassle with those shitty western inventions like human rights , environmental protection and democracy there . 
  nice to know estonia has fallen so much behind that our internet is now more expensive than in finland , and not even comparable to latvia and lithuania . 
  might even be most expensive in northern europe at this point . 
  here , 100/100 is 26 $ a month from telia . 
  finnish sonera ( same parent company of teliasonera ) offers it for 20 $ . 
  while finnish sonera offer 1000/1000 for 40 $ , estonia 's telia offers 500/500 for fucking 50 $ !, 
  what . 
  the . 
   a far better doctrine would have been gradual liberalisation , \u00e1 la korea , instead of the shock doctrine . 
  as mentioned before , it 's hard to know for sure . 
  korea did n't experience communism for 45 years . 
  i 'd also argue that there was an economic boom post-wwii , something that communist countries missed .
