  great , relying on two anti-eu autocrats for our energy and migration . 
  just exactly what we 're supposed to unite for . 
  there are about 50 ' 000 estonians living in finland and estimatedly as much in addition working there while still living in estonia ( and constantly travelling between the countries ) . 
  so in total , some 10 % of estonia 's entire workforce is employed in finland . 
  there is n't . 
  there 's only riga-stockholm . 
  however , because of the length of the trip , you 'd need to buy a cabin spot anyway , making the trip not only long , but also a lot more expensive . 
  so i think they would not survive on booze cruisers . 
  but riga has a lot more to offer anyway , maybe it will happen one day . 
  then again , if rail baltic actually gets built , it 'd take just 2 hours from tallinn to riga by train . 
   south ireland how to trigger republic of ireland ... 
  this is probably foreign investment into finland ? 
  sweden is a natural leader , considering your very close relations , geographical proximity and that they 're twice the size of you . 
  russia is surprisingly low , though . 
  germany has been slowly inching up in estonia 's import partners ' list , actually . 
  it 's currently at 2nd place , and the gap with finland is n't too big . 
   now we only need a map for top source of foreign investments for each country . 
  sweden might beat you in that one , though . 
  they have also been slightly bigger export partner for us than you these past years . 
  could n't say i 'd necessarily prefer them over made in finland , for example . 
   yes exactly , so why is it necessary for power rangers to have a gay character ... no one cares . 
  it 's children watching , not your over sensitive ego . 
  if no one cares , why is there a problem including such character ? 
   power rangers is about fighting huge evil robots , not about teaching kids values ... wtf . 
  sure , i just brought another example why this `` keep that gay stuff away from kids '' is absurd . 
   why is anyone against it being 18 + ? 
  introducing lgbt to children is insane and wrong ... 
  if you disagree you do n't have children , or do n't understand basic human psychology . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  i do n't know where you live , but in most of europe , almost every child has a smartphone or another device with a connection to the internet . 
  they will find content related to lgbt anyway . 
  including a gay character in a movie is , maybe a shock to you , among the least `` shocking '' things they 'll see . 
  same story with talking about this issue in school . 
  you 'd rather avoid it at all and risk with what children happen to find online themselves ? 
  you know very well what kind of a content can you find there . 
  [ tom of finland ] ( http://suomifinland100.fi/project/tom-of-finland-elokuva/ ) is one of the movies dedicated to finland 's 100-year-anniversary . 
  oh , and the premiere was on estonian independence day . 
  have n't seen it being shown in estonian cinemas , though . 
   which has zero power or relevance in the real world . 
  sure , then you can give it to estonia . 
  we could even give you a soviet monument for payment or sth . 
   thanks god we 're not going to be dragged into that . 
  why did you even try then ? 
   that would never happen anyway . 
  can you really imagine a scenario when every dumbass from russia would be able to freely enter eu without any hassle ? 
  it 's not the freedom of movement of eu , even less the schengen agreement , it 's visa freedom . 
  you just do n't need visas to travel to eu , but you do n't have freedom to work , study etc in all of eu . 
  you still need to use passport etc. 
  basically what moldova has now and what ukraine and georgia are going to get . 
  it just makes travelling easier . 
   while the eu somehow does . 
  interesting position . 
  does it ? 
  if we did , we 'd most certainly control the north african countries to block the illegal immigrants , as well as remove islamist forces . 
  whereas with eastern parnership , all we have are agreements that can be rejected any time when a government changes ( or well , technically , even that is not necessary ) . 
  wow , # 0.65 vs $ 1.20 . 
  the irish are being robbed . 
  although the even sadder fact is that we pay $ 1.50 here for our most popular daily . 
  they have n't taken dnr and lnr , despite the fact that most pro-ukrainian people there have been forced to flee , so they would have a perfect excuse for yet another `` people 's will '' and `` protecting russian-speakers '' case with annexation through referendum . 
  they have n't done so , as they know it would bring even harsher international reaction , plus they would have the cost of rebuilding all that mess , not to mention potential all-out war with ukraine . 
  it 's better for kremlin to let ukraine bleed , to show how they ca n't run their country , so one day , a pro-russian government returns and the country is yet again buffer zone for russia . 
  russian performer would be booed out in kyiv anyway , even if the government was open-minded . 
  i 'm pretty sure about that . 
  so they 're stuck either way . 
  yes , but russia 's hdi rose , while gdp fell . 
  which means some other indicator had to improve significantly or they changed something about the components . 
  that would n't make sense . 
  your hdi increased . 
  that 's the only thing that sets your position . 
  so something else rose a lot or just some of the components or they way it 's measured was changed . 
  so you 've decided not to participate at all , instead of a temporary pause or sth ? 
  please , we need you ( and your points ) . 
  actually , i hope ukrainians will post some of her remarks from vkontakte as well . 
  let 's just say it 's something about evil west trying to undermine russia in ukraine . 
  such people should keep out of ukraine and the west anyway . 
  why has italy made such a jump ? 
  would n't really guess that considering the economic performance . 
  then again , russia jumped as well . 
  they 've changed one of the components or what ? 
  hah , at least slovakia gives points to us in eurovision . 
  actually , we 're one of their [ favourites ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovakia_in_the_eurovision_song_contest#voting_history ) . 
  umm ... love you too , i guess ? 
  look at finland as well . 
  transgender is accepted way less than homosexuality . 
  i 've never heard about krokodil cases in estonia . 
  estonia has the worst situation with hiv in eu , true , but estonia 's new cases massively peaked in early 2000s and have come down since . 
  russia is kinda having a new boom with the new infections now , which is incredibly worrisome . 
  i wonder what 's going on in russia . 
  we had a massive epidemy of hiv among drug addicts in early 2000s , which pretty much is the cause of the sad statistics today . 
  this was also strongly limited to russian-speaking regions , although it has , in time , slightly spread to other regions of estonia as well . 
  i find it incredibly insulting that somebody would think lukashenka could manage to escape mama rossiya but not we . 
  the catholic serbia . 
  estonian * postimees * participated in the investigation as well . 
  danske bank estonian branch was the leading bank through which the money was transferred . 
  the local heads were sacked . 
  they claim of course that they 're not to be blamed , it 's russia 's bad supervision at fault . 
  this money did not stay here , it 's just used as a door to whitewash the money as now from the trustworthy euro area banking system . 
  this is so local news i ca n't even ... 
  sure , but afaik , its economic growth was also fast . 
  that was definitely felt in estonia from the second half of 19th century until wwi , for example .
