   actually ratify the border deal with russia . 
  please do n't play a professional on all subjects , when you clearly are n't one . 
  estonia would ratify it tomorrow already if russia finally moved its ass . 
  they 've agreed to do it both at once , but estonia 's been waiting for russia for years already . 
  the last signal was that they might get to it by this year 's end , but considering we 've seen many promises , i would n't bet on it . 
   so far , it 's been ** extremely ** revanchist , inserting additional claims after the deal was agreed between respective governments . 
  what is n't extreme for you ? 
  but on topic , the only thing estonia did in 2005 was add a reference to peace treaty of tartu 1920 . 
  the borders have been agreed on and estonia has withdrawn any demands for pre-annexation borders . 
  however , there are several things that the afromentioned treaty regulates ( besides it being also considered to be birth certificate of estonia ) including russia to return stolen properties , such as museals of university of tartu ( if you come to tartu , i can show you , for example , a coffin without a mummy because it was `` temporarily evacuated '' to russia ) . 
  i understand russia wants to keep precious artifacts and it does n't want to recognize republic of estonia of 1918 as it would also recognize its occupation , but it 's even keeping things like [ royal medal ] ( http://g4.nh.ee/images/pix/520x346/ognvylebsbe/presidendi-ametikett-74297099.jpg ) of president of estonia - the one on the picture is a replica , the original is for `` keeping '' in russia . 
  i mean , i ca n't think of a way things like that would be appropriate for any civilized state . 
  so if you really think estonia insisting on the treaty being valid is extremist , there 's not much i can discuss with you . 
  i personally do n't think the treaty has to be mentioned in the border treaty as they 're separate things ( and it probably wo n't be ) . 
   what ? 
  if that was convenient , they would n't fight two wars to move the border further and then stop as they did . 
  i meant the tribal wars ( which you pointed out ) being used as an excuse for invasion of finland in 1939 . 
  so that it was n't just a land grab , but a response to earlier aggression . 
  that 's what 's very convenient for them , to use it to whitewash their actions . 
   look up `` strategic planning in imperial states '' on google . 
  there are quite a few good books on the subject . 
  thanks , i can start reading about such topics , but i really do n't think i 'll find proof of nato planning to attack russia there . 
  unless i do some mind flexes like you . 
   big words from person representing a state where media gets a hissy fit when narrative of `` good guy bad guy '' is not perfectly followed i am not aware what you 're talking about . 
  even if i did , our media might be unprofessional , biased , stupid and what more , but at least it 's free . 
   where president could n't be selected to the point where someone from outside had to be brought in and that actively advocates historic revanchism . 
  what has that got to do with anything ? 
  our presidential election system sucks , we found out that . 
  other than that , it 's mostly a ceremonial position anyway . 
  and well , i do n't know if i even want to know what ` advocating historic revanchism ' means in your mind . 
  i mean , if nato supporters are all nationalist extremists , and well i forgot , so am i in your mind . 
  quite a crazy world you live in , extremists around every corner . 
   one of these attacks was that on petrograd ( current st. petersburg ) together with british . 
  stalin was the person responsible for defense of the city during this time . 
  his demands in 1939 were specifically about `` securing leningrad '' which is the third name that same city got during this period . 
  and invasions of poland , baltics , moldova ( bessarabia ) etc were absolutely separate things that just coincidentally happened within a year or so ? 
  i know very well about `` securing leningrad '' and how finnish border being close to the city was considered a threat , but linking it to wwi era events when empires collapsed is ... let 's just say very convenient from russian side . 
   us is currently conducting a significant offensive against russia . 
  it just is n't military in nature at this point in time . 
  you have to be living under a rock to think otherwise . 
  nato is one of the main military arms of us imperialism as an alliance , so it would be in dereliction of its duty to not have plans to attack russia . 
  so what is that ` significant offensive ' , i 'd ask . 
  no , really , i 'd like to know . 
  or a theoretical plan that it might have in a drawer is enough for you ? 
   seriously , this is geopolitics 1 +1 . 
  major empires always have plans to engage one another in a wide variety of ways . 
  in current situation , it 's extremely obvious that many of these avenues are being explored on both sides . 
  nato is dominated by usa , and its voice is disproportionally powerful even when considering their size , yes , but calling it a tool of imperialism is ridiculous . 
  it 's like something called alliance does n't exist in your mind . 
  there 're a lot of cases in nato of disagreements between usa and europe , many which have caused quite a lot of political trouble . 
  and even if i tried to think from your perspective , only one side is invading european countries , has its media controlled by the government and does n't have a functioning democracy . 
   and if you had any knowledge of history i see your respective attitude has n't changed a bit . 
   you 'd know that this was a follow up of event known as `` heimosodat '' in our history , where among other things , we joined forces with british military to attack petrograd in 1920s . 
  commander of defense of the city back then was a man known as stalin , who did n't forget the said lesson . 
  really ? 
  1939 soviet invasion of finland was a follow up of some 1918-1922 events when russia was very unstable , lost several of its regions including baltics , poland and finland , which gained independence ? 
  are you sure it was n't something with molotov-ribbentrop pact that divided europe between nazis and soviets ? 
  by the way , i 've heard that finns include even estonian war of independence in the * heimosodat * ( and well , finns did help us in the war ) , so i mean if gaining our freedom is considered aggression by russians/soviets , then there 's no further discussion . 
  at least for me , i 'm certainly not sure about you . 
   and neither should we . 
  joining big foreign military to attack russia results in russia hitting back after it gathers its strength . 
  i think you 've spent too much time in one specific media sphere to believe that nato plans to attack russia . 
  i find it ironic how you bring `` long-standing tradition of living next to russia peacefully '' as to why finland should n't join ` anti-russian ' alliance , while you are very well aware that soviet union invaded neutral finland in 1939 . 
  of course this is a possibility , we do n't know for sure . 
  but if it was brought from russia , i have a feeling they might have just considered it easier to man it there aswell , just to be sure it would n't fall into wrong hands and that it would be used properly . 
  you are missing key elements here - motive , willingness , and most importantly - power to change the situation . 
  islamist extremists who happen to have citizenships of nato members and who happen to have smuggled nato weapons are hardly representative of nato 's own willingness . 
  and nato does n't have the power to change the situation , they 're not controlling anything . 
  whereas russia is supporting eastern ukrainian rebels willingly . 
  we know that this tiny bit of isolated ukrainian land would not be able to stand up against ukrainian army and state , so actually , their very existence depends clearly on russia . 
  something which russia denies , of course . 
  considering the buk system was brought from russia and later taken back , it could 've very well been russian army that shot it down . 
  what is more , how would the rebels know how to use the system ? 
   he did . 
  no , he just mentioned it , without saying it 's effectively an administrative border at this point . 
   some member states are not members of the interrail network : malta , cyprus , estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
  for them other means of transport such as buses and ferries could be considered . 
  two tiny islands and then there 's just baltics , the only continental region in eu isolated from the union 's railway network . 
  rail baltic is surely needed here . 
  in addition : * estonia 's low share of men is not because soviets killed a lot of men . 
  the killings and deportations happened in 1940s and 1950s , and men were n't really that much more likely to become victims . 
  the real reason is poor health of men , who mostly drink themselves to death before becoming old . 
  * wifi in forests . 
  absolute bullshit , there 's no such thing . 
  yes , free wifi is rather common in all kinds of public places and service places , that is local cafe , train station , city centre etc. 
  in forests , you must satisfy with mobile data , which again , yes allegedly covers 99 % of the country , although i certainly happen to find myself in that 1 % suspiciously often . 
  * also , he seems to portray estonia like some super developed high tech country while not commenting on significant population decline . 
  could 've mentioned the soviet era mass immigration , and the difficult transition period of 1990s . 
  also that estonia 's still far behind nordics . 
  * could 've also commented on valga-valka border town case , as it 's not really much of a problem nowadays with schengen and the euro , you do n't need documents or changing currency - just shop across the border and come back . 
  to be honest , i do n't think belarus can even run this train for long . 
  so far , a lot of their competitiveness is basically cheap resources from russia . 
  this obviously makes them very dependant on the country and makes them less sovereign , but that 's another topic . 
  what matters here is that their economy also goes down as soon as russia 's , which in turn , relies on commodities . 
  belarus is a country of 10-million , and is tightly next to eu . 
  they ca n't afford to isolate themselves from the world 's largest market . 
  even russia ca n't , not fully at least , but belarus feels the consequences of trade wars a lot more painfully . 
  furthermore , by still having largely state controlled economy , the economy is suffering from many of the same problems as any socialist/communist country . 
  so is russia ready to prop up the country eternally to retain the only ally they have left among their western neighbours ? 
  this is not clear as lukashenko has inched away from russia and tried to warm a bit to eu .
