  we 're talking only about the southern segment , which is mostly forests and bogs . 
  what is more , most of estonian-russian border crossing go through narva * and * there 's still no valid border treaty between estonia and russia , so the southern segment has been ignored for years . 
  however , as you might have heard , that 's also the strip where eston kohver was allegedly abducted by russian kgb . 
  because there are no cameras and it 's generally very weakly guarded , there 's no proof and noone can be sure what exactly happened . 
  so this project is most likely a direct response for that . 
  in addition , the migration crisis is also another likely factor , as eu 's outer border is being strenghtened in other countries too . 
  the fence would also make the border guards ' jobs a lot easier . 
  i also hope baltics and hopefully all eu countries continue the policy of declining any official comments to kremlin-owned media channels . 
  it 's absolutely pointless to fight with the mindless propaganda factory . 
  c'mon , you are not true balkan country if you do n't have a dream for a ` greater ' country . 
  uk is definitely not the only one against the migrant/refugee quotas , the whole central and eastern europe is against it , while western european countries have record high support of eurosceptics - five star movement in italy , ukip in uk , afd and pegida in germany , fn in france and on and on it goes . 
  if eu starts to push the forced acceptance of migrants through , it might actually risk a collapse of the whole union . 
  the eu is a union of 28 member states and even though european commission can have its own thoughts about questions , it does not hold the power to enforce those without agreement of the member states . 
  the migration quotas will definitely fail because more than half of eu is strongly against those . 
  maybe i 'm just thinking ahead a bit ? 
  yes , we save all the migrants and bring them to europe ( which of course , encourages thousands , if not millions more to come ) because lives matter . 
  we wo n't send any of them back because it might break some distant human rights convention or sth . 
  then , they all stay in europe , and more and more will come , and africa wo n't already run empty of people . 
  we have no plan to integrate them , we have no jobs or money for them , nor even the willingness . 
  and then , we can start the blame game - italy ca n't handle them , the rest of eu must share the burden etc. 
  but they do n't want to . 
  and we have an ever-growing problem , we have no solutions , we are literally destroying core european values even - schengen is about to go , more might follow etc. 
  but at least we are humane . 
  even if that ends in a catastrophe . 
  is that how you see it ? 
   are you blaming italy for not letting people drown in the sea ? 
  i stopped reading after that . 
  i do n't think we can have a meaningful conversation . 
  what ? 
  how did you even come up with that ? 
  i said * bringing them to europe * . 
  you know , you can also save people and * not * bring them to europe , or , at least send them back . 
  but if you do n't agree with me , then there 's the point - if you deem that the only way , it 's your own choice and should be only your own responsiblity , not others . 
  sure , syrian refugee families might be a good catch , but a large part of the migrants are economic migrants from africa and most of them are young males . 
  are you sure if not all , then at least vast majority of them , could find a job and a partner , even though a lot of them might be highly religious and uneducated and european unemployment rate is not too low , so they would n't become socially excluded and become extremists ? 
  i would n't take the chances myself , to be honest . 
  but here 's a problem . 
  italy is the one that decides how many they let stay there , how many they bring from the mediterranean , but somehow it 's estonia and other member states far away that should also deal with the consequences ? 
  at least central and eastern european countries are fair and square about not wanting to take that many , instead of passing the ball and calling for empty messages such as `` we need to solve this * together * '' , `` it 's a huge challenge '' , etc. 
  moreover , i can already calculate as estonia has already one of the highest share of immigrants in the eu , we do n't have much capabilities to take more . 
  if italy 's immigrant population reaches 16 % of the total , we can speak further . 
   that was with russians while it was under russian control , though . 
  the current refugee crisis is not a power play in the same vein that 's why it should happen in an acceptable way , where member states can choose for themselves . 
  you just ca n't ignore the recent traumatic past or the fact that estonia and latvia already have the highest share of immigrants in the eu . 
   uk ` euroscepticism ' is much older than that , and comes from isolationist tendencies and a rabidly right-wing press . 
  uk might be an exception , but all the other countries are not . 
  there 's never been such a high level of euroscepticism in western europe than there is today . 
  it 's extremely stupid to push the boundaries even more and what if one day , we wake up in a situation france is ruled by fn , italy by m5s , uk by ukip , sweden by sd etc. 
  i do n't think the eu would last much longer at that point . 
  oh , stop with your whining already . 
  first of all , no member state * only gains * from eu , there are regulations , tariffs , rules to be followed , necessary standards to be met you would n't have without eu . 
  yes , financially , baltics are a net recipient of eu funds , but so is south italy , for example . 
  that 's because these areas are considerably poorer than eu average . 
  how `` extremely democratic '' it would appear in baltics , which just suffered a colonization-size forced immigration for decades in ussr , making natives minorities in several towns . 
  the rest of central and eastern europe do n't have much more favourable opinion either and uk , italy , spain , france , sweden etc all have record-high support towards eurosceptics mainly due to immigration crisis . 
  yeap , that would most certainly lead to a quick collapse of eu . 
  it 's not like that area would be some visited area that is now going to be divided . 
  most estonian-russian border crossing is through narva , and there the border is in the middle of a river , so not much changes there . 
  south-eastern estonia has land border with russia , and it 's mostly just forests . 
  considering that is also the external border of eu , nato and schengen zone , it is only logical to have a strong border there . 
  also , it 's not like russia has been acting too friendly and maybe next time we 'll avoid some diseases , forest fires , illegal immigrants or russian fsb . 
  what about the 558 million euros the eu allocated for italy just a few weeks ago to tackle the migration crisis ? 
  jesus , imatra and lappeenranta are always full of russians shopping there . 
  i can understand buying durables as these are often good quality and tolerable price , but food ? 
  it 's expensive , i do n't recognize a better quality and it 's full of `` light '' and `` fat-free '' stuff . 
  and what 's worse , they only have one type of * kohuke * on sale , and even that 's some cheap crap from estonia ( that even we do n't buy here ) . 
  immigration of hard-working people and talents , that is . 
  there 's a huge difference between a person that has grown up in sweden , where they 've received high level of education , are adapted to the local culture etc and someone from , let 's say , poor province of africa , illiterate and highly religious . 
  the latter might even become a burden to the society , creating social tensions and demanding social support , while not contributing back . 
  countries like usa and australia manage to attract lots of educated people , sweden with its asylum seekers ? 
  not so much . 
  the capitals had large squares filled with people , there were also many sub-chains etc. 
  do n't exaggerate , of course there were preparations prior to the event and media reports on that . 
  it was the time of perestroika , after all . 
  radio was used a lot , for example . 
  there was no internet or social media , as today , so of course , it was way more difficult to organize . 
  yes , it was . 
  russian empire is another story because apart from ** grand ** ( fixed ! ), 
  duchy of lithuania , baltics had had no independent countries . 
  they declared these after the october revolution . 
  soviet union , however , had valid peace treaties with the baltics , claiming no future interests in these territories or properties of these countries . 
  still , it divided europe with hitler and started to carry out its part - by occupying baltics . 
  although , of course , they did n't admit that - they quickly carried out fake elections ( when the occupation army was already in ) and then baltics ` voluntarily ' joined ussr . 
  immediately , harsh repressions followed . 
  this event - baltic way - was exactly to point out that baltics had been occupied illegally and that moscow would admit the molotov-ribbentrop pact that lead to occupation of central and eastern europe . 
  later in 1989 , soviet union finally did admit and condemn the pact . 
  this makes today 's russia 's behaviour so much worse , because under putin , they 've not only stagnated , but in many ways stepped back in admitting soviet crimes and instead , moving to praise and justify them . 
  omon murders were in riga . 
  just to show the [ circumstances ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwq1tjev5r8 ) ( ignore the headline , though ) back then - estonia and latvia had rapidly rising ethnic tensions , so it was extremely important to avoid any kind of violence , as this might have given moscow the pretext for military intervention . 
  in the end , fortunately , we managed to do that . 
  however , ussr itself finally failed as the red army [ murdered 13 lithuanian civilians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_events ) in 1991 and omon several latvian ~ ~ border guards ~ ~ policemen . 
  estonia managed to get away bloodlessly , though . 
  still , all these illegitimized any soviet claims about ` rampant nationalism ' and ` peaceful internationalism ' . 
  putin is ok with all extremists , as long as they support him . 
  note that all this arrest is just another piece in putin 's rhetorics - to show how evil nato member estonia spies in russia and of course , stronk motherland catches the bad guy . 
  the estonian version is of course falsified western propaganda . 
  there might be a switch , but it has to be someone more famous , a warrior of putin or russian world . 
  that putin looks after ` their own ' etc. 
  it 's also been quite rainless in the last weeks in estonia too , but july was actually colder and wetter than average . 
  so , there 's no drought here at all , on the contrary , the grain harvest is most likely very good this year .
