  they are pro-eu/anti-kremlin , so people are free to pick them if they do n't want right-oriented government and neither a pro-russian force . 
  maybe the timing is not the best , yeah , but my trust towards the government has certainly increased as i can see they make decisions according to their views and values and are not affected by populism . 
  that protest is really embarassing , organized by a religious-conservatist group that has suspicious links with foreign movements ( in france , for example ) . 
  many estonian celebrities released [ videos ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fugu84jewm&amp;list=plclkjqdwiiuiby5rk2nrlr4wy8_hcef5i ) to support the cohabitation act . 
  the prime minister has also supported it . 
  still , there 's a huge clash of values here as the youth have more western liberal values and the older people more khmm ... conservative ones . 
  i 'm annoyed by the intolerance and hatred in estonia that spreads so easily and how the example of nordics have failed to affect older generations ' values . 
  the situation in latvia is not that bad , harmony actually lost votes compared to the last elections . 
  what worries me is the low outcome - despite ukraine events . 
  i really wish there would be a bigger pressure in baltics to kill the pro-kremlin movements because all they do is fuel ethnic tensions , destabilize the country and they 'd be never fit to run the countries that are western-oriented . 
  estonian lutheran church has lost a lot of its members lately and over 80 % of estonians declared to follow no religion in the last census . 
  i guess real estate is their thing now . 
  that 's exactly what i meant by hoping that the vote would be more diverse . 
  it 's not a secret that russians have been voting mainly for one certain party , while latvians ' votes are much more diverse . 
  it 's not healthy that way and creates ethnic tension . 
  really ? 
  estonian tv reported that the turnout was higher than initially expected . 
  it seems that harmony has lost a lot of popularity recently . 
  i hope that most of the lost votes are russians , who 're becoming more and more diverse in their choices , instead of block-voting for the most pro-kremlin party . 
  5 decades of iron curtain . 
  well , half a century of soviet occupation do affect people 's mentality a lot , even if they themselves deny it . 
  for example , you could draw a clear line between finnish and estonian 30 + people over gay tolerance , whereas not so much below 25 . 
  unfortunately , the youth are still a minority in that regard here . 
  simple demographics . 
  and the rest of the 5 % are just lucky to have lots of oil . 
  austria and switzerland are very wealthy and safely surrounded ( or part of ) by eu & nato , not really comparable to bulgaria . 
  hungary is part of nato & eu , how is that an example then ? 
  so tell me who 's not ` sucking american dick ' and would be an example for bulgaria . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  even if keskerakond somehow won the elections , nobody would want to cooperate with them , they 'd still be left in the opposition . 
  in times like these , keskerakond is more and more openly showing its pro-kremlin face and estonians would never accept that party in the government . 
  of course there 's internet in asia , it 's just asians would most probably be less interested in europe than europeans . 
  well , firstly you ca n't compare salaries without comparing prices . 
  secondly , estonia was practically colonized with russians during soviet occupation , so the decrease is partially natural emigration of russian immigrants . 
  and most importantly , this is not the subject discussed . 
  it 's ~ 140 million for russia . 
  but it 's not that odd actually , considering that russia is partly asian , they 're not in eu and the sentiments there have not not been exactly pro-european lately . 
   and that 's just the covert ones . 
  sorry , but `` look !, 
  they did it too '' is a kindergarten-level demagogy and besides , i have n't seen usa constantly needing to invade its neighbours , even less annexing some of them . 
   also , comparing russia to nazi germany is historical revisionism at best . 
  nope , actually i think that putin 's russia and hitler 's germany are very similar . 
  both have the illusioned idea that they were ` humiliated ' by the west and need revanche . 
  both need to ` protect ' the ethnic minorities in neighbouring countries -  both annex part of their neighbouring countries + olympic games to boost their images just before invasion . 
  in both countries , the f\u00fchrer 's popularity is sky high . 
  huge nationalism . 
  actually when you think about it , it 's actually insane how similar they are . 
   do you get off on that , all while president poroshenko , eu dreamchild , spends his days pinning medals to real sefl-proclaimed nazis ? 
  yes , the nazis again . 
  funny how the country with the largest neo-nazi group in the world , where immigrants are beheaded etc actually tries to show itself as some kind of anti-fascist angel . 
  that 's just sick . 
  we should minimalize burning oil shale and process it into shale oil instead , which is much more energy-efficient and less polluting . 
  also , we can expand wind and bioenergy use . 
  fortuntately , that 's indeed the goal of the state and the energy companies . 
  sorry , i 'd very much like to hear the ` unbiased ' moscow version of their ` peace-loving ' politics , for example in the 6 ( !!! ), 
  unrecognized ` republics ' that russia has militarily invaded and created since collapse of soviet union : transnistria , abkhazia , south ossetia , crimea , lnr , dnr , one of which it has annexed . 
  what a wonderful neighbour , is n't it . 
  not resembling nazi germany of 1930s in any way . 
  that will never happen . 
  swedes in finland are a ( very ) historical minority with a historically huge impact on finland . 
  also , swedes in finland can speak finnish . 
  baltic russians are mostly immigrants of a few decades planted during illegal occupation . 
  most of them have no roots here . 
  besides , as not many are willing to learn the local languages now , we could be sure that they would n't even consider it if russian was an official language . 
  but language is the key element to integration , we 've seen that . 
  i do n't understand how you call chauvinism that tiny baltic nations are unwilling to split their already small countries between them and migrants , who already have the largest country on earth . 
  anyway , i have a solution for those refusing to learn the official languages of baltics and demanding privileges . 
  just move to russia . 
  the country where they came from . 
  because they have that option to move to their own country if they dislike it here , while estonians/latvians/lithuanians do not . 
  there are two sides to this . 
  unfortunately , as most of baltic russians are immigrants from the soviet union , their roots are not too deep and connections to baltics are rather mild . 
  during soviet occupation russians had a lot of privileges ( got free apartments , own schools , could use only russian etc ) . 
  now , these are taken from them ( except schools ) and some of them have taken a grudge for that . 
  lots of them do n't speak the local languages and follow only russian media . 
  all this means that they support putin and russia 's actions in georgia , ukraine etc. 
  but what 'd you expect when 100 000s of foreign migrants are artifically planted in concentrated areas , they just do not integrate well . 
  however , they do not support invasion to baltics . 
  first of all , they know that life quality in russia is worse and worsening , while in baltics , it 's better and on the rise . 
  secondly , they have seen what a disaster would a conflict ( ukraine ) bring , i 'm sure nobody wants that . 
  thirdly , nato and eu . 
  then we also have the integrated russians , who do not differ much from the natives . 
  they have studied in baltic ( state language ) schools and have mostly baltic/mixed friends . 
  tl ; dr russians are not too well integrated and tend to be pro-putin , but they do not support an invasion because life 's better here . 
  estonia 's one is probably going to rise now as social democrats are first * time in the government since restoration of independence . 
  also , they have become one of the most popular parties as the fear of anything politically left is being replaced by more nordic values . 
  * they were also mildly represented in the government shortly between 2007 and 2009 , but that did n't work out . 
  ughhh , that does n't look too great indeed . 
  ca n't understand , whether it 's sarcasm or just a very weird mind . 
  why is the historical stadtschloss from 15th century a monstrosity ? 
  if anything , then berlin needs some historic rebuilding as the city 's image is not quite on the level of other german cities , yet it is the capital . 
  but gdp ( ppp ) per capita is exactly the thing you * ca n't * compare wages to - it 's already price-adjusted , while wages are not . 
  that 's why you use gdp per capita to see , what is the wage/gdp relation . 
  just try to guess the reason for people from new eu countries moving to the old ones . 
  the wage gap is still absurdly high , even if we compare the gdp per capitas . 
  nobody believed that equality between men and women would be true in 19th century too . 
  today it is , and it is a fundamental value of the western world . 
   polls in baltics show around 90 % of all people being against it . 
  say what ? 
  firstly , i 'm quite sure there has n't been a pan-baltic survey about such question .
