   you instantly gtfo yeah , well . 
  syria , for example , is quite a distance from nearest eu country , there are numerous stops in the way , a few embassies , some towns have even internet i imagine . 
   or have lost them on their thousands km journey under desperate circumstances . 
   or have them go up in flames with their shot down house . 
   or have not been issued some by their government . 
  sorry , that is not good enough for me . 
  if you do n't have any document or any proof about your origin , you need to get some or make a very good explanation . 
   that right here is the key . 
  this is n't like being appoved for a credit card . 
  this takes a lot of time and is sometimes settled in court . 
  we 're not living in middle ages , we have internet , embassies etc. 
  they do n't really have to come to europe right away to apply for that . 
   ou need to find out where they 're from when they do n't have documents i know you 're not me but i would just not accept those who do n't have documents . 
  if i do n't know who they are , they might as well be terrorists . 
   but if you want to effectively send back illegals as fast as possible you need to determine first if they are illegal immigrants or not i 'm also repeating myself here , but that should n't be too hard if all the people without an accepted refugee application would be sent back . 
  that would also be a soluton for human trafficking . 
   estonia should how ever take upon its fair share of solving this problem just like italy took its fair share of solving estonias problems talk to us again if you have 15 % foreigners in your country . 
  maybe we should start sending russian citizens to italy ? 
  after all , we are having a hard time here intergating them . 
   it 's the same situation which was happening with sanctions for russia . 
  half of the eu said that they 'll lose money and that in general there 's no need to sanction russia , the other half was shouting for help . 
  i really do n't see the logic here . 
  sanctions against russia harm us * the most * . 
  countries like italy , spain have marginal business relations with russia . 
  it 's really not comparable . 
  also , being against invasions and annexations is n't exactly exclusively our problem , it is , or at least should be , whole europe 's problem . 
   i do n't want to sound harsh , but there 's a thingy called human rights . 
  i do n't think it 's a human right for all the people in the world to just step into europe and expect free shelter , food , social programs etc. 
  it just is n't possible . 
  i think europe needs a reality check . 
  we have thousands of europeans with immigrant background that are going to fight for terrorists , we have undeniable social tensions due to immigration ( just look at fn , ukip , pegida etc ) . 
  it 's not possible to continue like that . 
  we might be all enlightened and by our means , so-so progressive , but reality is that when an african moves into europe , they wo n't magically share the same values or think the same way . 
  some might in a short time , but it seems that most do n't . 
  just look at baltics - russians have lived here already a quarter of a century after regaining indepenence , but there has been so little integration . 
  in most cases , you ca n't even tell the difference by visual looks , but the clash of values even between the youth is huge . 
  just a recent survey on the gay partnership legalization showed that while nearly 60 % of estonian youth supported it , less than 10 % of russian youth did the same . 
  most probably a reflection of russian federation attitude . 
  and these are neighbouring nations who have lived in same country for 25 years !, 
  what do you expect from middle east and africa ? 
   if the arrival of immigrants makes people have xenophobic feelings they have been xenophobes before . 
  that 's the thing - even xenophobes can vote in europe . 
  that should be taken into account . 
   the answer is as few as possible not always ( look at sweden ) . 
  but yeah , most probably a lot of countries are not taking as much as they could , but it 's really a * sovereign * issue . 
  even if they do n't want to take , it should be their right . 
  being unhelpful ca n't be punished . 
  i do n't want to be a scumbag here , but it 's not really a secret that refugees are not the most wanted type of migrants in the world - they often come from poor underdeveloped countries and tend to be less educated / more leaning towards extremism themselves . 
  i 'd take an it student from india before them anyday . 
  but of course , we need to help , too . 
   granting refugees refuge is not a lose-lose situation . 
  not even close . 
  doing it without integrating them is , to europe the most , very damaging . 
   concentration of immigrants is a bad situation which could be improved by spreading the burden maybe a better idea would be to solve the problem itself , instead of spreading it to other countries ? 
  if italy is unable to take so many refugees , take less . 
  if there are too many illegals , send them back . 
  i 'd accept estonia helping them financially with it , but i see no logic in starting to force the same thing here . 
   check the title , ec proposed , estonia said no . 
  no one was forced to take refugees . 
  but we are discussing the proposal here , are n't we ? 
  i think it 's only healthy to discuss that before it is accepted ( or denied ) . 
   secondly , being a community is about sharing the pain when one member is hurting , just as you share the benefits . 
  that 's really not fair as refugee issue is a completely member state sovereignity . 
  they decide how many to accept . 
  if they 've taken too many , it 's their irresponsibility . 
  they should take just as much as they can . 
  i get it that now , there are a lot of illegals also coming , but i 've expressed myself repeatedly already on that - just send them back , like australia . 
  there 's really no good reason to make it even worse . 
   oh but it does . 
  it 's a often heard argument of xenophobes that xenophobia may be bad but immigrants are responsible for it . 
  bullshit train of thought . 
  so if you have a brilliant solution to end xenophobia - please use it . 
  forcing to do something never makes it more popular . 
   swim back !, 
  i can recognise from your nose you 're not actually fleeing political persecution !, 
  only those that have accepted application for refugee status should be accepted . 
  it 's quite clear that a lot of them just destroy their documents and declare they `` lost them '' etc. 
  there should be a stricter approach here . 
  it ca n't be just that you put your feet in europe and voila - you 're a resident now . 
  this only fuels the human trafficking . 
   should they just be rotting in camps in greece and italy because it 's their coast ? 
  no , it should be task of member states to see how many they can take ( and by taking they also have to find most of them a job , teach them language etc , or if it is temporary - provide food , living space etc ) . 
  it 's quite clear that europe ca n't take everybody , but that 's the thing - we 're not the whole world . 
  just taking a refugee , and then not providing them the necessary resources is just irresponsible . 
  that should not be rewarded . 
  and definitely not be pushed to other member states . 
   are you claiming all humanitary organisations are sitting far away from the problem ? 
  i specifically mentiond - some . 
  not all . 
   all this while your average right winger sits on his fat ass in [ include estonian city here ] and is outraged about having to do something no one is asking him to do and he never intended to do in the first place . 
  yes , sorry for wanting a better situation in europe . 
  i am just really not believing that accepting all those refugees would do good to anybody . 
  if you ca n't get them a job , integrate them , they will be a burden and socially excluded - that 's a lose-lose situation . 
  the amount is definitely not the biggest issue . 
  first of all , this is about the sovereignity . 
  brussels forcing migrants on member states might run into legal obstacles , but even worse is the potential harm on eu 's overall image . 
  secondly , who says that those numbers wo n't be increased radically in the near future ? 
  after all , the number of migrants is in increasing a lot . 
  as we say `` give a finger , they take the whole hand '' . 
   sounds like the xenophobia is n't caused by immigrants but already alive and well before their arrival .
