  well at least they can advertise themselves as a `` hidden gem '' and be different from those all-been-there-done-that france , spain and uk . 
  why do n't we try ? 
  i mean , estonia is surely doing much better on its own , would n't you say ? 
  estonia used to have very expensive tickets - in 2005 , a cinema ticket cost over 7 $ , and with wages back then , just ouch . 
  competition has brought prices down since then and cinema visiting has grown 8 years consecutively , with cinema visits more than doubling . 
  so yeah , competition is a very necessary thing in capitalism . 
  the first imax cinema in baltics will open in december in tallinn . 
  * 95 % ( 140 % max in russia , do n't you remember ?! ), 
  maybe some new countries , where other cultures besides russian could also thrive ? 
  because clearly , it is not working right now . 
  it 'd be nice to tell the reasons for such opinion as well or else it 's a quite meaningless statement . 
  i am quite neutral ( slightly leaning towards scotland staying ) about the subject myself as i think uk is a pretty nice and functioning country , it 's a great ally and its economy has just rebounded . 
  the shock of losing scotland could potentially harm the country and rest of europe too . 
  would scotland benefit from independence ? 
  we do n't know . 
  neither do scots , actually . 
  but do they * need * independence ? 
  i would n't say that . 
  they 're not opressed , they 're doing economically fine and their culture is already well-known worldwide . 
  would a smaller and more homogenous country function better ? 
  maybe . 
  do scots want it ? 
  no and yes , well , at least polls say these respectively . 
  no , what is bollocks is that while all the russian finno-ugric minorities soon face extinction , for russia , the issue of russian immigrants not having special rights in baltics seem much more serious . 
  it just shows that it 's not a `` multinational country '' they portray themselves to be , but actually very chauvinistic and heavily russian-oriented . 
  despite the fact that most of russia 's current territory is ethnic homelands of other nations , they act like it is russians ' . 
  neither in estonia . 
  what the hell , euronews ? 
  all right , for example , one of the largest finno-ugric groups , udmurts , are now a clear minority in their `` republic '' ( udmurtia ) - when in 1920s , they formed over half of the state 's people , now their share has dropped below 30 % . 
  russians make up over 60 % of the `` republic '' . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/udmurtia#demographics ) [ mari el ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mari_el#ethnic_groups ) , another similar `` republic '' , has had less dramatic changes , but nevertheless , russians have become a majority , whereas the ethnic maris have become a minority . 
  in mordovia , mordvins are already the minority . 
  in [ komi republic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/komi_republic#ethnic_groups ) , changes have been the most dramatic . 
  when in 1920s , komis made up over 90 % of the `` republic '' , then today , it is less than 25 % . 
  russians ' share rose from 6.6 % to 65.1 % . 
  and that 's about it . 
  other finno-ugric nations are smaller than 100 000 people ( so i 'm not going to meniton them ) , and those above 100 000 people ( exluding hungarians , finns and estonians - as they have their own countries ) have all become minorities in their ethnic homelands . 
  do you think such country has any rights to say anything about minorities , especially to other finno-ugric nations ? 
  i do not . 
  you know what 's funny ? 
  that russia 's `` support '' towards its ` compatriots ' in neighbouring countries is always creating tension , supporting pro-kreml media and making fake stories about discrimination . 
  never have they helped them in the job market , learning the local languages to integrate better or improve estonian-russian relations as russian would benefit the most ( mostly russians live near the border areas , so they also are hurt the most in ` counter-sanctions ' for example ) . 
  in short , nothing that would * actually * improve their lives . 
  the worst thing is that a lot of russians seem to support putin to the end , they 've been under russian influence ( media , soviet immigrants ) so long that they might live in estonia for all their lives and yet never feel to be part of the country . 
  it 's always `` great motherland rossiya '' for them . 
  fortunately , things seem to be changing among the youth . 
   why is this news ? 
  they 're doing it all the time . 
  what about rights of all those small nations that russia is occupying / has annexed ? 
  just russian hypocrisy and cynicism . 
  they always `` forget '' that russians in baltics are actually immigrants that soviet union ( aka russia 's predecessor ) illegally placed here , whereas all those * ethnic * minorities , including all the finno-ugric nations of russia are disappearing or being russificated very fast . 
  seems like some countries just think that some nations are better than others ( anti-fascist russia , anyone ?!, 
  actually , estonia produces a lot of dairy products , more than it consumes ( even though we consume them a lot ) . 
  the thing is that firstly , russia had already imposed several restrictions before and secondly , many estonian farms sell milk to lithuania , as they have much bigger processing capabilities , which then sells them to russia . 
  i 'm sure this inflates lithuania 's numbers too . 
   you are ex-ussr !, 
  well , should we then put egypt and bulgaria in one group as they were in ottoman empire once ? 
  i mean , of course , we can compare the countries to see how they 've fared . 
  but i 'm talking about using the cold war borders in 21st century to divide europe . 
   and no , i do n't think you share more in common with tajikistan , but these divisions are purely for statistical purposes and will have exactly no impact on your daily life . 
  if only that were true . 
  i even had a computer once with a sticker marked on that said it was for `` developing countries '' . 
  you know , where estonia is on par with mozambique . 
  oh , and statistics should be comparable , would n't you say ? 
  i think baltics and poland , for example , are much more comparable than ex-ussr . 
  but this is about northern and not nordic . 
  really , not putting us to nordic is something we 're used of , but lumping together with ex-ussr is just dumb . 
  unless you think estonia and tajikistan share more in common than estonia and finland . 
  you 're clearly over-reacting . 
  euro changeover was relatively painless in estonia and we joined in 2011 , when the debt crisis began , which was seen as a very bad time then . 
  also , estonian kroon was seen as a symbol of independence ( as well as continuity of the country ) . 
  now , estonians support the euro more than any other country in eu . 
  now , czech republic , which is already almost surrounded by euro area and which economy depends a lot on western european demand , not to mention tourism , would be one of the greatest benefiters of all . 
  such different attitudes towards euro between slovakia and czech republic seem rather weird to me . 
  especially considering that slovakia 's economy has been doing better . 
  i think those are mostly ( extreme ) nationalists , who think western world is ` too tolerant ' and putin is the ` right man ' . 
  fortunately , i have never met such people myself , but i guess ekre voters would think like that . 
  he 's definitely not random . 
  russia has even mentioned him before as `` dangerous '' . 
  he has supposedly a network of russians with whom he cooperates when dealing with cross-border cases . 
  russia would never take a random person . 
  which actually makes it even worse that he was abducted . 
  he served interests of estonia . 
  okay , you win this . 
  but the point stands that this has nothing to do with the west . 
  actually , tallinn might have had it even worse . 
  unlike moscow , tallinn had also a demographic shock - over 40 % of its residents were now russians ( up from just ~ 5 % in 1930s ) , result of massive immigration from russia . 
  lots of them suddenly discovered themselves in a nation state , unable to speak the only official language of the country . 
  just guess what happens to such people in such times . 
  i do n't agree with you at all . 
  where the hell does this `` russia got humiliated '' come from ? 
  70 years of communism collapsed !, 
  the whole economy collapsed , russians ' living standards collapsed . 
  it was n't somebody outside , it was themselves rushing to market economy , not west `` humiliating '' anyone . 
  it was bad , but they only got themselves to blame . 
  \u015aome people seem to forget that russia was n't the only one having bad times in 1990s . 
  baltics , for example , were very criminal , poor and corrupted countries ( even compared to poland and hungary , for example ) . 
  it was only the reforms we made ourselves that got us to the eu and how we 've managed to catch up with many countries by now . 
  yet , we 're not blaming anybody else , not to mention constantly attacking our neighbours . 
  russia trying to be the `` pole between east and west '' is nothing but inferiority comples .
