  i think we 've had a number of threads discussing the non-citizen problem in estonia and latvia , expanding also to the soviet immigration issue , which have been explained thoroughly . 
  and what concerns `` generational hatred '' against russians , i have not heard of estonians looting moscow and screaming `` eesti !!! '', 
  while praising nazi occupation there , but i know such an event with reversed positions in tallinn . 
  i admit integration between estonians and russians is very weak , but it takes two to tango . 
  who hates who , i 'd ask . 
  latvian coins are rather common even here in northern estonia . 
  lithuanian ones are quite rare , though . 
  the differences are mostly very obvious just by looking at the map . 
  one needs to take the mountainous regions and oceanic/continental climate into account as well , though . 
  britain is actually part of [ nord pool power market ] ( http://nordpoolspot.com/market-data1/#/nordic/map ) . 
  but moscow is not just * a * russian city , it 's the capital and largest city of russia , the business , transport and political hub of russia ( cultural hub would be st. petersburg , i 'd say ) . 
  the country 's wealth is concentrated there . 
  well , putin 's popularity skyrockets every time russia invades a neighbour . 
  i think he might be interested in conflicts . 
  oh my god you fascists , you dumb peasants were bought from sweden by russia , you are russian lands , riga is a historical russian town , stop discriminating us !, 
  look how equal you were in soviet union , you had fully latvian schools !!, 
  we built you schools and hospitals and factories !, 
  now you clean toilets in the west . 
  also , we should have killed you nazis all in 1940s . 
  - average russian internet commenter in baltic news site . 
  it 's not like kazakhstan is interested in any conflicts with europe . 
  they 're with russia purely because of economics , they even forced them to add `` economic '' to the eurasian economic union because of that . 
  kazakhs ' views on nato , eu and west is significantly better than russians ' . 
  furthermore , they seek ties with their turkish cousins , even planning to adopt latin alphabet . 
  i 'm pretty sure your average musovite is at least as wealthy , but probably even wealthier than average estonian . 
  it 's one of the largest cities in europe and capital of a country of over 140 million people . 
  it 's not a coincidence that moscow and st. petersburg are two least pro-putin regions in russia . 
  but it is n't about local food . 
  local food is produced well ... locally , and if they put shitty ingredients , it 's their own making . 
  we 're talking about global brands that sell inferior products in central and eastern europe compared to western europe . 
  an example would be if nutella had less peanuts in estonia than in sweden . 
  what 's the source for the data of this map ? 
  damn , our infamous central railway station market was turned from this [ masterpiece ] ( http://www.pealinn.ee/content/news/large/00/24/2468.jpg ) into [ new fancy-pancy modern thing ] ( http://mapri.eu/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/dsc8916.jpg ) . 
  you can occupy a country without annexing it . 
  annexation here just means making it part of russian federation . 
  we use the same term for annexation of baltic states into soviet union in 1940 . 
  soviet military occupation preceded that . 
  because we are europe and european countries have been invaded . 
  who else will react if not us ? 
  european union , in my eyes , should be about this continent first and foremost . 
  your provided graph only shows you 've grown more than czechia since adopting the euro . 
  yes , czechia 's gdp growth has been faster some years , but the gap has been tiny and accumulated growth is higher in slovakia . 
  do n't forget that last year , slovakia grew faster again . 
  nominal gdp is rather irrelevant and considering euro is a strong currency , it only protects you from too big swings . 
  inflation has already recovered to some extent now . 
  tourism also benefits from single currency . 
  the only problem that truly is a problem is greece , i agree . 
  taxpayers money should not be liable for investors ' risks . 
  outperforming its peers like that . 
  it does come with its own problems , of course , especially depending strongly on car industry . 
  however , they can use the earned wealth to improve other parts of the economy as well . 
   just like baltics are trying to do , with their ` wannabe nordicism , we hang with them now ' attitude . 
  it 's not only ` wannabe ' for estonia , though . 
  nordics make up some 40 % of our export market , are by far the biggest investors , # 1 source of tourists and the # 1 place for our * gastarbeiters * ( especially finland for the last two ) . 
  furthermore , with hungary shifting towards illiberalism and putin , and poland 's own problems with democracy , nordics are also closer partners in several topics of foreign policy right now . 
  not to mention that our location requires cooperation with them more than with , for example , czechia . 
  too bad that if you actually went with statistics , you 'll see slovakia has had bigger gdp growth the past decade and half than any other country in europe . 
  the euro has worked well for slovakia , it still attracts major investments ( or maybe it attracts them * because * of euro ? 
  ) , its economy is growing well , wages are growing and unemployment is decreasing . 
  now i 'm not going to comment greece as that 's nothing short of a disaster , but for slovakia , it 's hard to see how things could have gone better . 
  maybe it sounds hypocritical coming from a net receiver region , but ... first of all , eu budget is around 1 % of its gdp . 
  of that , only a part are development funds for poorer regions . 
  a rather big share of it is , for example , cap ( common agricultural policy ) funds , where surprise-surprise , the biggest receiver per hectare are wealthy western european countries like netherlands , belgium and italy , and smallest are baltic states ( despite already being poorer and having to comptete on the same market ) . 
  what is more , eu institutions are concentrated in belgium , luxembourg , france etc , furthermore tilting the funds towards them . 
  now with that cleared out , eu is supposed to aim for convergence . 
  with less than 1 % of its gdp yearly transferred , and of that , only a part going to poorer countries , it really is n't something that would be strongly prioritized . 
  of course , convincing populations to direct some of their tax money to other countries is not easy at all . 
  with brexit , the wealth transfer seems to be the favourite place for western european countries to cut . 
  now when we talk about , for example , migration flows within eu , where brain drain is still a serious issue for many of the poorer states ( while some eu countries do n't like too many eastern migrants ) , the # 1 reason for it continues to be wealth disparity . 
  an example from my region is that just by crossing the gulf to finland , the average wage triples , while pension even quadruples ( ! ) . 
  even the refugee crisis is a clear example as most refugees/economic migrants just leave poorer eu states because it 's not the promised land . 
  i could go on and on about the examples , like how it 's also psychologically degrading as you feel you 're not worth as much as people in western europe ( despite other basic elements of the society , such as corruption or education working just as well or even better ) . 
  wealth transfer * is * necessary and i would go as far as saying that the wealth gap is indirectly contributing to other disagreements between richer and poorer parts of the union as well . 
   the point is that an attack from russia to the baltics is just as ludicrous as an attack from germany . 
  it will not happen . 
  nope , that 's a completely false comparison . 
  there is very little support to military in germany , even if it 's just for defence . 
  in fact , germany is even doubtful over aiding its allies in case of foreign invasion . 
  not to mention that their military is a fraction of what it used to be before reuniting . 
  germany is also a liberal demoracy with free media . 
  unless there are some completely unforeseeable revolutions , you wo n't convince them of necessity to invade baltics . 
  with russia , i could easily see a propaganda series of poor russian-speakers being slaughtered in baltics and mama rossiya needing to save them . 
  patriotism in russia runs strong , political relations are shitty with all of west anyway and attitude towards baltics as low as dirt . 
  not to mention the country being next door to us , having some over 20x population while concentrating disproportionally on military . 
  yes , any chance of russia invading baltics is low , otherwise i would n't be peacefully living my life here . 
  but it 's definitely not non-existant , it 's there . 
  otherwise , we also would n't put so much on nato , would not react so fiercely to its neighbour-invasions . 
  that would require having common basic values with us , which russia does n't have . 
  i mean , they are the world 's largest country that has just forcefully expanded even further at the expense of its smaller neighbour and they still see themselves as victims . 
  furthermore , they think they have some divine rights over their neighbours , right to ` sphere of influence ' just because they are so big . 
  and lacking it is result of evil mastermind usa controlling all of europe and trying to undermine russia in every possible way . 
  they still think everybody is out to get them , even as they constantly invade their neighbours . 
  they do n't even see the small countries as having independent thinking , they are by nature some puppets of bigger regimes . 
  and obviously any dislike towards russia is put there by evil ` murica , or result of incurable disease called russophobia . 
  there 's no self-criticism at all , not even in the slightest . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's kinda psychopatic to me . 
   military speaking , there is absolutely no risk whatsoever for europe . 
  purely * military-speaking * , baltic states are actually almost defenseless against russia . 
  russia ( kaliningrad oblast ) and belarus could cut us off from central europe and as there are no natural obstacles , they could pretty much run us over . 
  of course , they 'd risk with war with nato , but still , some european countries are not as safe and sound as others .
