  ) , the fact that estonians suffered a lot during soviet era is never taken into account , etc. 
  not everything is about you !, 
   are these russian districts of tallin and entire russian cities a no-live or even no-go areas for estonians or if you are a little too idealistic you , while being an estonian , could safely go and live there ? 
  narva was definitely feared in 1990s , you could get stabbed for annoying some gangs with too much estonian language . 
  no no-go zones nowadays , but estonians definitely avoid moving to russian-majority cities in north-east - these are often poor , with few employment opportunities and most of the life is in russian language , which is the largest obstacle . 
  tallinn is a bit different story , lasnam\u00e4e ( a russian-majority commieblock area ) is not the favourite district , for sure , but it might do as it is cheaper and generally , you wo n't be working/studying there . 
  it 's still part of the capital , so you have all the services available . 
  otherwise , suburbanization is going strong in tallinn , as you can see on the map . 
   i think the percentages were something like this : about 10-15 % pre-ww2 and up to 40 % some time after it or something like that . 
  it was 8.2 % during 1934 census , although it also included the russian-populated territories of jaanilinn ( ivangorod ) and petseri ( pechory ) - both annexed by russia 10 years later . 
  in 1989 census , russians ' share had risen to 30.3 % . 
  today , it is 25.2 %, 
  paldiski was a closed soviet military base town , they even built small nuclear reactors there . 
  ordinary citizens were not allowed to go there ( sillam\u00e4e was another such town ) . 
  \u00c4mari was a soviet airbase . 
  ironically , it 's now a nato airbase , currently having large scale upgrades due to ukraine events . 
  rummu was a colony-type prison which also included military stuff , i guess . 
  not sure about it , though . 
  mostly from the period of 1944-1990 aka soviet occupation , although those by lake peipsi ( the big ass lake between estonia and russia ) are historical minority, 
  so in short , `` we actually are so brilliant because we follow ( purely ) our own interests and are ready to completely fuck you over for this , democrazy rulez '' . 
  that 's the definition of a shitty partner . 
  from the article :  television is in russian , they communicate with their families that remained on the other side of the border in russia . 
  there is no link here to the estonian republic you know , i just ca n't have sympathy towards narva . 
  they are like mentally frozen in 1980s or so , live almost fully in russian information sphere and then whine about not getting attention . 
  it was the last city to have lenin removed ( and even that with controversy ) and it still , in 2015 , has streets named after communist murderers . 
  they have an occupation army tank pointing towards tallinn . 
  has this idiotic attitude brought any great investments from putin 's russia ? 
  of course not . 
  the city should turn itself finally towards estonia before demanding any contributions from the state . 
  in a large part , they are themselves to blame for being poorer , criminal and more isolated than other estonian cities . 
   swiss  complaining about train service well , switzerland needs to bore through mountains while baltics are almost completely flat . 
  anyway , switzerland still manages to have one of world 's best train networks . 
  oh , and you can actually get to your neighbouring countries , unlike we ... ( russia does n't count ) . 
   lithuania is not a person so there 's no telling what it thinks . 
  there is the government which represents the country , whether you argee with them or not . 
  anyway , the problem was not about vilnius getting chosen or not , it was lithuania 's actions where it decided rb to go through kaunas but after government change , they suddenly discovered vilnius should be priority . 
  these are projects of international participation and such political play should not affect them . 
   estlink does n't work like that . 
  go into detail on your own . 
  point is that our power stations vs imported oil ecological footprint is neck & neck at best . 
  the thing is that electricity is domestic ( more profitable + energy security ) * and * can be replaced by environmentally friendly production . 
  fossil fuels have none of those . 
   you do realize that it would be in tallinn as well ? 
  rb will not be even close to 240 , add 3 stations in estonia to the mix and recalculate your time & money . 
  that 's why the stops are only in the most important locations . 
  making a stop in the middle of nowhere does n't make sense at all . 
   for example loading the cargo in latvia onto rb and loading to cargo ship in tallinn will be more expensive than just loading it once in ventspils . 
  eu policies vs rb `` ticket '' + additional cargo loading is still more expensive . 
  i would n't be so sure about it , eu is definitely pressuring for less sea pollution especially in the baltic . 
  how each person has described their nationality during the last census ( 2011 ) . 
  because the city had mostly only estonians before soviet occupation and during soviet era , russians were massively brought from russia to the newly built [ commieblock districts ] ( http://g3.nh.ee/images/pix/900x585/dwksbyshhbu/lasnamae-67443322.jpg ) . 
  there was even a song calling stopping such flow as tallinn was about to become majority russian-speaking . 
  whoah , central tallinn is almost full of estonians ? 
  does n't seem so when actually being there . 
  i guess it 's because russians from lasnam\u00e4e and other districts work and spend their free time in the centre . 
  btw , it 's ridiculous how clearly it shows tallinn grew mostly with russians during soviet era . 
   our cheap electricity is due to low mining fees and environmental fees . 
  latvia is already in production deficit outcome and if we raise the fees to reasonable levels it will raise the whole pools price . 
  a lot of our cheap electricity is import from nordics . 
  eesti energia would happily double the price if they could , it would clearly profit them . 
   board the elron train - get off one , step onto another . 
  you do realize that requires a railway junction , easily accessible platforms , different trains , not to mention that it makes the whole trip longer and as we know - time = money . 
  the entire reason why are we building a railway of 240km/h and not 120km/h . 
   baltic trade with finland is cheaper via sea . 
  it 's really not . 
  eu has quite tough environment policies and shipping becomes more expensive due to it . 
  baltic sea is already a very polluted one so do n't expect any breathing room here . 
   stupid ? 
  why are you so emotionally invested in tallinn ? 
  the passenger count going ie from warsaw to helsinki via rb will be non-existent . 
  but it 's not just warsaw-helsinki , it 's also warsaw-bialystok , paneve\u017eys-riga , p\u00e4rnu-tallinn and so on . 
   as said cargo to tallinn port makes also little sense , little that will be is truckable . 
  put your emotions aside , try to grasp the size of our economy . 
  truckable ? 
  we 're talking about rail transport here and most goods going through port of tallinn are transported by rail . 
  i do n't see excessive emotion here , estonia * is * small , that 's exactly why connection to tallinn is a must - it 's the only considerable location on european scale . 
  completing rail baltic would be a step towards that . 
  it is still quite a fantasy project for estonia as of now . 
   as if our electricity production was efficient . 
  it is n't ? 
  we are connected to nordic energy market and have generally cheaper electricity than eu on average . 
  also , we produce most of our own energy , while import all the gasoline . 
   road construction vs maintenance cost plus roads get more traffic , move more people and are public use . 
  rb corridors are wider and wildlife bridges do n't really work . 
  of course roads are way more popular , i just showed you the magnitudal differences in costs and that rb is not going to become an unbearable burden on budget even if it was heavily underexploited . 
   5 million ? 
  also it definitely wo n't cover it in the first years if ever . 
  so , you 're saying a billion-euro investment wo n't be returning 5 millions a year ? 
  already the construction income will bring back a significant chunk of it . 
   track changes ? 
  dude ... board the elron train . 
  eeh , what ? 
  tracks of rb are a bit narrower ( 1435mm ) than current estonian one ( russian gauge 1520mm ) . 
  trains ca n't continously just run on both . 
   why would you move cargo via rail to tallinn port , not in rostock , ventspils or whatever . 
  because sea transport is becoming more expensive while rail transport not ? 
  because if finland and baltics trade , it 'd be the shortest and cheapest way ? 
   viljandi is already estonia , without the tunnel it makes little sense to extend to tallinn . 
  also , not all needed funding is from eu . 
  do n't play stupid here , it 's clear that on european level , only tallinn is significant enough .
