  if ukraine and georgia are somehow encroaching , so could be belarus . 
  look , russia is not allowing european path for them , it 's encroaching our sphere of influence . 
  my talk is probably a bit messy , but i hope you see what i mean . 
  their claims are claims and nothing else . 
  why should we allow them to have some ` sphere of influence ' ? 
  in fact , i think we should n't recognize anything like that . 
  it 's directly against our interests and values at the same time . 
   but how far away is your country from st. petersburg ? 
  does n't that city have more people than your entire country ? 
  it 's about 130 km from estonian border to st. petersburg , so indeed very close . 
  yes , the city has over 5 million people and our country only 1.3 million , but i 've never understood the argument . 
  it should be deterimental for russia as well considering their 2nd most important city is so close to us . 
  and well , it 's not very difficult to blockade the city from here . 
  not a threat or anything , but whenever i hear the `` we 're basically on the front line '' , i 'm like yes , but so is russia 's fucking 5 + million city compared to just 1.3 million here . 
  who has more to lose ? 
   the eu has a self defense clause . 
  ok , one has to be honest and admit that it will be much weaker is pretty nascent . 
  so far , it was only triggered after the paris attacks , but it is the foundation for the german jets in turkey to support the fight against isis . 
  one could build on this . 
  the diminishing of nato will surely take decade and will not vanish tomorrow . 
  sorry for not preferring that over a nearly 70-year-old alliance which has not seen attempts of being invaded ( so it has worked ) . 
  with eu 's extremely weak and vague clause , its inability ( or unwillingness ) to even control migration flows , germans ' `` we do n't want to get involved even if russia invaded eu members '' etc , eu is n't even slightly appealing as a military alliance . 
  yes , maybe it will change in time , but as of today , nato    eu when it comes to defence . 
   perhaps the discontent will grow so big that the kremlin replaces putin and will become a bit more normal . 
  we 've waited for something like that to happen for decades already . 
  instead , it 's getting worse as russia is trying to reclaim its ussr-era might . 
   i fail to see why do you think that it 's fine to invade countries outside of europe , and why geographical position make invasions and regime changes any more acceptable , but the us invaded serbia , did you forget about it already ? 
  i do n't , but i really do n't want to get into explaining every single invasion usa has made . 
  that was basically expelling the iraq invaders . 
  iraq 2003 is , as of know , condemned rather widely , including in europe and usa . 
   so if russia did something bad too , it somehow justifies actions of the us and its puppets ? 
  no , however , have we ever heard russia ever condemning any of its actions ? 
  nope , that 's what matters . 
  usa , while often being way too intrusive and aggressive , at least has this thing called criticism , from both its allies and inside the country itself . 
  in russia , the czar is always defending the motherland against evil invaders . 
  liberating countries from evil oppressors . 
  i 'm sorry but i find it impossible to deal with such a brainwashed society . 
  and none of those are in europe . 
  should we now find a list of countries russia has invaded since ? 
  joining an alliance is not aggression . 
  invading your neighbours is . 
  you 'd still want that people bought * your * toilet paper , which is obviously softer , whiter , thicker and cleaner than the competitor 's ... 
  look towards russia instead of america ? 
  just please no . 
  even though usa has not been the friendliest ally lately , nor do we like its military adventures ( just like russia 's ) , but at the very least it shares most of our values and has actually domestic criticism for its actions . 
  in the case of russia , it 's basically `` for the motherland ! '', 
  among vast majority of the population as they take a ring defence approach to defend their czar . 
  i really would not like to rely on such country where every action can be whitewashed by the state propaganda industry . 
   as for self reliance that is not possible for gas , we have to stop using gas ( as we should anyway ) , there are n't enough viable sources within the union . 
  sure , but at least diversify the import partners . 
  i am not against having russia as a partner in general , but i would have guessed by now that eu realizes it 's not very wise to build massive dependence on them . 
   europe is not just a random shopper which can switch from supplier to the next . 
  it 's the probably the third biggest market of the world . 
  to serve it , suppliers have to erect significant infrastructure and will demand reliability and guarantees that europe does n't change as soon as some problems arise . 
  the only region which is able to provide such masses is the middle east . 
  which is all true in theory , but north stream is using only half ( or even less ) of its capacity right now . 
  so in addition to the usual belarusian-ukrainian transit , which is also not used to their full capacity , we have more than enough free capacity to handle even massive surges . 
  there is no need to build another one in the foreseeable future . 
  by the way , azerbaijan has been rather active in trying to get ways to export gas to eu . 
  why not go for that one ? 
  would also be fair towards crisis-stuck southern eu , considering the cancelled south stream . 
   by the way , i 'm not convinced that russia is anti-eu . 
  sure , that 's why their propaganda outlets promote anti-eu views and why their actions try to undermine eu unity ( political gas pricing , trying to get `` special deals '' with member states , supporting alt-right parties etc ) . 
  / s  it is against nato because it is anti-american . 
  that 's what their propaganda tells you , because you know , `` evil ` murica '' . 
  that 's why i 'm wondering how this is changing with trump . 
  nevertheless we should absolutely not give a fuck about what russia thinks of america and even less change our own relations because of them . 
   umm ... 
  the eu is financing the construction of a international gas grid that connects all the different routes for russian gas and thereby neutering their ability to use gas as a weapon against individual countries . 
  note that this includes helping belarus and ukraine . 
  what is your suggestion ? 
  which is all very necessary and also increases security , but it 's more related to integrating the internal market , not self-reliance . 
  remember that the energy union had actually a lot more ambitious forms in mind at first , such as making whole eu a single entity to sell gas to ( which of course , countries like germany would not like , as their prices are not politically increased , like it is for poland , so they 'd lose a competitive edge ) . 
   migration and/or border control has been a huge shit show in the eu since before 2004 . 
  i 'm just glad we maybe had any internal progress at all this time . 
  it 's still absurd so much in eu today relies on turkey keeping its promise . 
  there * must * be a way for eu to just reject illegal immigrants . 
  especially considering the population boom in africa makes future immigration flows a very real possibility . 
  it ca n't be a human right for every person in the world to enter europe and be housed , fed etc. 
   nordstream with its added capacity opened the possibility to reverse the flow of the slovakian pipeline and to bring gas from central europe to the ukraine since 2015 to circumvent the russian boycott . 
  i do n't have ukraine in mind here . 
  sure , north stream just `` adds capacity '' , but we all know very well russia 's share in gas imports is without doubt going to jump from already very high share . 
  and the justification is `` they offer it cheaper than others , it 's market economy '' etc. 
  this , in turn , means that russia 's leverage over germany in particular rises further . 
  we already had pressure from industries there to stop sanctions , because well , cheap gas . 
  now , it 's going to be even worse . 
  remember that gas is almost fully state-owned industry in russia . 
  playing only by the democratic market economy here allows them to exploit our system . 
   do you really prefer a dependency on the middle east ? 
  nope , it 's just i also do n't want an anti-eu chauvinist regime to control europe 's energy flows . 
  russia is already # 1 supplier , we should look for balancing it , not increasing the dependence further . 
  europe does n't get gas through baltics , it 's only through belarus and ukraine ( and now , north stream ) . 
  russia could have cut us all the time . 
  it 's not even about us at this point , i 'm just not fine with handing russia more and more leverage over eu . 
  north africa ? 
  norway ? 
  i mean , sure , we ca n't avoid russian resources altogether , but maybe just not increase reliance on that one supplier that we 're already the most dependent on ? 
  i would just like to know what the hell is eu doing ? 
  we have talks about `` self-reliance '' while the union is actually acting in the exact opposite way . 
  it 's working very hard to hand russia control over bigger energy flows than ever before to europe , while turkey is basically controlling a large chunk of refugee flows .
