  because i certainly do n't see it useful for russia to now get such a big enemy for itself which pushes for sanctions against russia , boycotts russian products , imports way less from russia , blocks aviation etc. 
  not to mention how many are even cheering for russia 's accidents and casualties , or even try to help ( lists of russian soldier names ) etc. 
  that 's what you get when you invade and annex territories of another country . 
  and before ukraine there was georgia . 
  they might be a lot smaller than russia but in the end , you 'll end up with no allies in your neighbourhood . 
  i mean , among the western neighbours , only belarus has remained , has n't it ? 
  the past can be put behind and that 's actually what we should aim for . 
  however , that requires at least some basic agreement on the events ( e.g. 
  russia finally admitting ussr 's illegal occupation and stopping the stalinist propaganda stories about ` liberation ' ) . 
  estonia on its side has declared both soviets and nazis as invaders and we wo n't change our position in that . 
  i do n't think we should be demanding any reparations , for example , but estonia should definitely ask for return of the stolen properties . 
  i mean , we 're already giving up the pre-wwii annexed territories , the least moscow could do now is to return a few properties that hold no noticeable value for them . 
  if they do n't do that , it 's clear they 're not interested in improving relations and it 's pointless for us to try further . 
  but i do n't think anything can improve as long as putin and the likes remain in power . 
  it 's not a coincidence that russia gets more and more enemies in time with more and more invasions . 
  that 's quite clearly the result of its own aggressive rhetorics . 
  i see not much has changed since soviet times when it comes to the mentality of our dear eastern neighbours . 
  well , iceland had all that financial mess in 2008 which was already partly itself a result of corruption , so it ca n't be that surprising . 
  it 's a tiny economy with a very volatile currency . 
  iceland still is a role model in my opinion , just not on everything . 
   i also `` love '' how iceland the most non corrupt nation by some accord is getting their dirty laundry exposed . 
  iceland has corruption among the ruling `` elite '' , but not among commoners . 
  you wo n't ever need to bribe a policeman or a doctor there ( unlike in , let 's say , ukraine ) , but the government members might just be playing with your tax money . 
  actually , estonia is in a very similar situation in that . 
  obviously they should adopt superior and more developed finno-ugric languages which already have integrated gender neutrality in their words . 
  we 're just modest , you know . 
  too many grabby countries in our region already . 
  i guess people of saaremaa would , otherwise they would n't have [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/54/saaremaa_vapp.svg/220px-saaremaa_vapp.svg.png ) as their symbol . 
  yeah , it 's basically a recommendational requirement , which is not enforced . 
  we totally kept it just so we would n't have to be same colour as rest of ex-ussr . 
   it 's a geographical thing . 
  but ... but estonia is closer to the north pole than denmark . 
  not in estonia , at least not anymore . 
  i just checked the law and it only says `` on [ specific days ] , the flag is hoisted on residential and business buildings '' and that 's it . 
  in addition , the state has commented that hoisting the flag is a right and not an obligation . 
  well , i 'm not an expert on the issue nor do we have time to start some detailed hypothetical scenario . 
  however , let 's imagine . 
  narva is a border town separated from russia by a river . 
  it 's firmly attached to estonia and not to russia , which makes holding it rather easy and separating difficult . 
  add its historical importance to estonia , estonia 's membership to nato etc. 
  now , only about 50 % of citizens of narva are estonian citizens , so it 's hard to believe separatism would become widespread among them . 
  but if it should , there 's another possibility . 
  namely , estonia has a right to withdraw citizenship from those that did n't obtain it by birth , and i imagine that might be the majority there . 
  so again , an even smaller number would remain . 
  and truly , if people should become so disappointed in the country that even among estonian citizens by birth , separatism becomes widespread , we probably have just failed as a country . 
  but before that happens there are a lot of tools to use . 
  if they do n't leave their homes , the state could stop all services for them , close shops etc. 
  narva is also a rather aged town so its pool of able-bodied men is also not that huge . 
  finally , they 'll be forced to go their home country which has the obligation to take care of them . 
  i 'm not going to run into more details and i certainly would n't want anything like this to happen , but it 's certainly not impossible . 
   so are you willing to use the army to wipe out an entire city ( and more ) if they refuse to leave , and refuse to submit to estonian authority ? 
  why so much hyperbole ? 
  i would be ready to expel russian citizens if it ever came to that , not estonian citizens though . 
  that 's where i 'd draw the line . 
   i think that 's a matter of personal opinion . 
  it 's not so much history playing a huge role , it 's people deciding for themselves whether they value historical perspective or not , and how much . 
  at the end of the day , it does n't really change the situation on the ground and the decisions that have to be made . 
  well , if the historical event is something that happened centuries ago , it really is only about people 's values , but if there are still people alive that personally suffered from ethnic cleansings etc , i ca n't imagine just accepting it . 
   you ca n't make people abandon their property and relocate them elsewhere against their will . 
  says who ? 
  international law ? 
  in a situation where somebody is planning to rip a piece of your land away as a result of ethnic cleansing in the past , i tend to think one would n't likely follow such laws . 
  especially expelling hostile foreign citizens is something i imagine one would likely consider . 
   this is the case where a clear and large majority of the population comes to the point where they refuse to submit to state authority . 
  obviously , but my point was more towards the fact that history does play a huge role in these situations , you ca n't just forget it . 
   the day when that is no longer the case for a significant majority of people , the state has a choice between genocide and letting the territory separate . 
   there 's literally no third option ( except delaying that choice for some time ) . 
  really ? 
  literally no third option ? 
  like would n't you consider maybe ... just making them go back where they originally came from instead ? 
  especially if they already hold a citizenship of another existing country . 
  i mean , in the case of narva , at least , nk is a more complicated issue . 
   this is why it 's always dangerous to have a population that feels disenfranchised , and the state should make it their absolute priority to integrate them if they wish to hold on to the territory . 
  of course , but some nations have extremely strong identities and if they happen to have some long-term hostility against each other , that 's a next to impossible mission . 
  i feel terrified reading things like this . 
  i mean , estonian easternmost town narva has today about 97 % russian-speakers , even though it had an estonian majority prior to wwii . 
  does it mean that if putin manages to brainwash them enough and send some `` tourists '' here , we should let a crimea happen here , too ? 
  i mean , fuck that it 's the historic town of estonian virumaa , which has been a symbolic border town between western and russian civilizations for centuries . 
  soviets managed to ethnically cleanse it and if necessary , we can rip it off and make it a part of putinstan because `` people want it '' ? 
  i imagine it would be even more traumatizing if baltics had their ussr-era flags , germans ddr one etc. 
  wow , they * are * salty . 
  it took me to talk about estonians ' opinion of red army ( which is horrible to put it mildly ) to get a perm ban . 
  the kind of diversity that makes brits whine about poles taking their jobs and at the same time , give new member states a massive brain drain . 
  open borders are a great idea , but when your salary and social support quadruples just by moving across the border , it might not work exactly the way originally intended . 
  remove red !, 
  remove red !, 
  red is evil , red is opression , red is soviet . 
  no flag should contain red . 
  be like eesti , be blue , be free . 
  welcome back to civilization , you evil nazi-glorifying russophobic fascist . 
  apparently , pribaltiki are not welcome in glorious putinstan . 
  meh , i do n't think we need to do that much anymore . 
  lenins are gone , streets got their old names back ( except for some in narva , which the state should forcefully change imo , it 's not normal to have soviet murderers ' names for your streets ) . 
  i 'd remove only those that have been put in place of other valuable destroyed monuments or just in the centre of town for propaganda . 
  we are against the soviet ideology but some of these are also graves of fallen soldiers , so unless they 're put in some symbolic place on purpose ( like bronze soldier ) , let them be . 
  and what 's the matter with maarjam\u00e4e memorial ? 
  unless somebody plans something better there , i see no reason to touch it . 
  it 's a cool symbol of the past . 
  time to start learning russian again , i guess . 
  please name one country where this actually applies :  free speech is being able to say whatever you want without getting reprimanded by your government ; no matter how toxic your ideas might be .
