  your opinion is opposite , you consider eu to be good . 
  and because of that you 're stripped of ability to voice your opinion and prohibited to vote . 
  would that not totally suck ? 
  i do n't see how this compares . 
  we 're not stripping them of vote rights , we just did n't automatically grant them citizenship , but made them choose . 
  they * can * vote in estonia , but for this , they need to at least learn the language . 
  if they do n't want to do that , they can grab a russian citizenship instead . 
  if they do n't do anything , it 's their own problem . 
  it 's all up to them . 
   also , as to the vatniks in eastern ukraine - last time i checked they are being killed en masse , not the other way around . 
  you do n't see kyiv or lviv being shelled and destroyed , you see those `` vatnik nests '' being demolished . 
  bad example . 
  they 're not being killed just because , ukraine is trying to reconquer the territories that unilaterally and forcefully broke away . 
  what do you think we would do if this happened here ? 
  also , how do you think that 's seen here when a nation with already the world 's fucking largest country needs to get bigger and bigger and bigger at the expense of its neighbours , that annexes its `` historical '' lands ( i wonder how historically russian are places like naistenj\u00e4rvi , pitk\u00e4ranta in karelia , or koningsberg , kuril islands etc ) . 
   first - you still outnumber russians by a fair margin , and it 's not like there 's a huge influx of russians in the baltics . 
  this point is moot and irrelevant . 
  russians are heavily concentrated in two regions : eastern virumaa , where they are dominating majority , and tallinn where they make up close to 40 % of the population . 
  so there 's the problem . 
  if they were naturally all over estonia , the problem would be a lot smaller , but they 're not . 
  they live mostly in their own regions and almost fully russian speaking environment . 
   second - russia has tons of official languages in separate regions . 
  all of our laws are available in multitude of languages by request - or even by default in the areas with a majority of other nationalities ( like tatars in tatarstan or bashkirs in bashkortostan ) . 
  i do n't see that being a problem , like at all . 
  you do n't give up your main language just by providing laws and official documents in the other . 
  most people still know russian even if there 's no pressure for them to do that and their native language is official , just because it 's more convenient to know it . 
  there 's basically nothing you can achieve in russia without knowing russian . 
  that 's the case even for native minorities there . 
  in estonia , you can easily stay in your russian speaking region ( low mobility , increases risk of social exclusion ) , move to russia ( not many do that now , but probably moscow and st. petersburg are still pullers ) or go to another eu country , we have free movement . 
  if they do n't speak estonian , these are their options , and these are big enough not to learn the ( difficult ) language . 
   third - we also do n't invite unqualified people from uzbekistan and tajikistan here , if anything , they are a drag on the economy ( because they send most of their earnings back home , instead of spending it in the country ) . 
  it 's not an argument at all . 
  you might not officially invite them but you have valid legal agreements and opened your borders for them . 
  we could n't really have a say about our borders a few decades ago . 
   from your own words , just 80k people are stubborn non-citizens who do n't want to assimilate . 
  that 's the amount of people not bothered to take a citizenship . 
  we also have 100 ' 000 russian citizens here which is a huge amount for such a small country . 
   so why in hell should you still cling to those stupid laws that only feed our propaganda ? 
  it would be much harder for our less scrupulous reporters to paint the baltics black if those laws did n't exist . 
  you 'd simply improve your image and the only cost would be 80k people not learning estonian . 
  i do n't know , lithuania gave citizenship to everybody ( they also had a fraction of migrants compared to us ) and i ca n't see them having more positive image in russia than estonia or latvia do . 
  anyway , i still stick to my opinion that this is the better choice . 
  that way , people are forced to choose whether they associate with estonia or russia . 
  we sure as hell are not interested in those vatniks like in eastern ukraine who are ready to kill us for some mother russia ideology and yet can also vote for our future . 
  no , thanks , really . 
  estonian citizen 's interests should lie here and here only . 
   why ? 
  your country is a part of the eu , which is promoting multiculturalism , yet you think it 's completely ok to shun other cultures just because you do n't like them . 
  multiculturalism for me would be close international relations , * legal * migration availability ( for education , business and family reasons ) , decent amount of foreign students , foreign workers ' and experts ' mobility etc. 
  this is basically the opposite of immigrant ghettos that live in segregated areas and ca n't communicate with locals , and instead of doing good , they just drag development of society down . 
   we have a lot of people who are living in russia , but mentally are in their home countries . 
  many uzbek and tajik immigrants are speaking very broken form of russian , and sending most of their earnings back home , not even trying to integrate into society - they are too busy working . 
  the only issue people have with them is their low income level resulting in higher crime rate . 
  if your culture is strong enough , you should never fear other cultures , but welcome them . 
  would n't it be better to strengthen estonian culture and language use by less forceful methods ? 
  so , where do i start ? 
  firstly from the fact that there are over 100 million russians and even if all central asia moved there , you 'd still be the majority . 
  secondly , i ca n't see tajiks or uzbeks demanding their language to be official because there are so many of them there . 
  thirdly , we did n't exactly invite our russian minority here , moreover , most estonians were probably against them arriving . 
   would n't it be better to strengthen estonian culture and language use by less forceful methods ? 
  of course it would , if only these would work . 
  you see , russian language is so widely spoken that basically anyone in russia is forced to learn it . 
  estonian ? 
  barely 1 million speak it and almost everything is available in russian here , too . 
   yes , of course it will be . 
  forcing people to only speak one language in public is ... barbaric . 
  even ukraine does n't do that to russian language , and that country has more reasons to ban it . 
  maybe i misunderstood your `` in public use '' words ? 
  i meant it as in estonian state stopping publishing materials , internet sites etc in russian . 
  currently , majority of information is available in russian . 
  you can go to , for example , our main state page [ www.eesti.ee ] ( https://www.eesti.ee/rus ) and basically everything is available in russian , too , despite no law obliging to do that . 
  it 's just we ca n't really just leave all russians without services and at the same time , we 'd want them to learn estonian . 
  it 's a paradox . 
  i think that 's their problem , not ours . 
  we 're a nation state in a modern sense which does n't mean monoethnic . 
  it 's about citizenship . 
  but that 's exactly the reason we want estonian citizens to have at least one single language to communicate in , otherwise it would n't work . 
  yes , that 's it , you cracked it . 
  there 's certainly nothing about certain regions of my country suffering something comparable to ethnic cleansing ( it 's not exactly random that estonia 's 3rd largest town has next to no estonians left today ) and while nobody takes any responsibility for that , those people replacing them , many of which even violently fought against restoring estonia 's freedom , and many of which cheer for russia rather than estonia , are not seen as exactly part of our country by many . 
  there are about 80 ' 000 non-citizens left in estonia . 
  they can apply for estonian citizenship , but need to learn estonian for that . 
  estonia , however , recently adopted a law that gives estonian citizenship automatically for children with non-citizens parents . 
  many people keep the non-citizen status on purpose , because this grants them visa freedom in both eu and russia . 
  if those people had arrived during illegal occupation , then probably not . 
  that 's also because both of these nations have their own countries and estonians are not obliged to split their only country for foreigners . 
  this is the only place in the world where estonian is spoken as the main language . 
  finns and english have their own . 
  what are you even talking about here ? 
  as i said , vojvodina is historically so multi-ethnic . 
  estonia is not . 
  by the way , estonia has n't revoked citizenship from anybody . 
  it 's just those that arrived in estonia during illegal soviet occupation were not granted citizenship - they had not obtain one through naturalization . 
   estonia is no more a nation state than belgium or switzerland is , more than a quarter of your population is not estonian . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  our constitution declares us as a nation state . 
   so what if they do n't learn estonian ? 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  they will contribute to the economy and well being of the country better if you do n't force them to learn it . 
  it literally does n't hurt anyone , just makes everyone 's lives easier . 
  them not knowing estonian does n't mean they somehow autonomously work things out themselves .
