  sanctions ( but not only ) have been used to ban several import products , forcing replacement with domestic ones , so industry has had smaller crisis because of that . 
  meanwhile , cheap ruble allows more exports . 
  however , because the crisis has dragged their eurasian union partners down aswell ( kazakhstan , an oil producer , and belarus , heavily dependant on russia ) , forcing each one to sharply devalue , that has had a limited success , mostly outside their economic union . 
  oh , and they 're handling it exactly like you 'd think . 
  edinaya rossiya got over 75 % of seats in state duma ( yes , it 's one single party controlling more than 3/4 of the seats ) . 
  that 's comfortably more than the constitutional majority , so the grip of one party has become close to what you see in central asian dictatorships now . 
  but oh well , putin signalled it 's a reaction to `` hostility '' . 
  i guess only in russia , while being the only country in europe to invade and annex its neighbour , it is also a victim at the same time . 
  and supposedly , by making your country more of a dictatorship is some kind of signal to foreign countries . 
  honestly , i 'd be packing my bags if democracy was as broken as in russia here . 
  because the companies need to keep increasing the payrolls in order to avoid losing employees to finland . 
  also , we 're more expensive . 
  it does n't say much , though . 
  you 'd think that estonians are better off than czechs , while that 's not the case . 
  czech republic is just considerably cheaper . 
  you 're firstly bringing out outdated claims . 
  putin has a tendecy to make many radical changes to what he says . 
  but it does n't even matter because you should look at what he does and not what he says . 
  in his speeches , russia 's always the most peaceful friendly country ever that 's all about cooperation . 
  in reality , you probably can find more of those qualities in any other european country . 
  well , not only . 
  russia ofc was interested in getting estonians under its influence , as opposed to germans ' , so they offered ` free land ' ( in very shitty locations mostly ) . 
  many estonians emigrated to russia because of that , some of who came back . 
  there were also those that returned to portestantism . 
  but many remained and formed communities in russia . 
  i 'd rather someone with special knowledge helped you on this . 
  my knowledge is based on purely what i 've learned in public school and even that not as vividly as once . 
  so what 's putin protecting them from ? 
  if it was n't for putin , every russian would be tolerant and liberal ( gasp ) ? 
  let 's be honest , russia is quite a bit more developed than those . 
  russian people would not accept such regimes . 
  but what putin has achieved , making russians believe the west has always been against them and that russia should turn away from europe , is an achievement indeed . 
  not something everybody would agree to be positive for russia , though . 
  maybe , but baltics were the last place in europe to be christianized . 
  this might have had a different effect that it really was just conquering and not spreading the religion . 
  lithuania , by the way , was the last place , but unlike us , they accepted it willingly which is probably the reason why catholicism became part of the national identity . 
   i 've read that the estonian language written by the germans did n't use estonian grammar , but german grammar , is this true ? 
  at first , yes , the written language used german grammar , which made it difficult and weird , but in time , it was adopted to more estonian style . 
  however , i 'm pretty sure some of the germanizations also staid . 
   i thought the standard estonian language borrowed a lot of estonian dialectical words , south estonian words and finnish words to replace german words . 
  can you tell me more about this ? 
  i 'm not an expert on this , but you 're mostly right . 
  however , i think all this happened in 19th and 20th century , with national awakening , so estonians themselves were ` fixing ' the language and wanted to remove foreign elements . 
  so taking words from dialects , from finnish and creating new ones based on language patterns were all used . 
   how different is estonian of today to the estonian before the standard was created ? 
  well , i 'm not a linguist but i found a text from 1739 and i 'll try to put into today 's written estonian . 
  * essimenne mosesse ramat * esimene moosese raamat ( the first book of moses ) * essimenne peat\u00fck . 
  honestly , the text is n't too difficult for today 's estonian . 
  there are some unreadable symbols , probably more of a technical issue , though . 
  now , i 'll take the earliest text i found , from 1600-1607 ( the same book of moses , chapter 2 ) . 
  seotud on ? 
  german ??? 
  seems liked estonian mixed with german , very difficult . 
  the word order is weird , the words have to be deciphered etc. 
  there are no typical suffixes used , like finnish - nen for family names ( which would be same as estonian - ne ) . 
  instead , estonianization meant people took mostly simple words from nature . 
  that 's why most family names are just * tamm * ( oak ) , * m\u00e4gi * ( mountain ) , * j\u00e4nes * ( rabbit ) , * mets * ( forest ) , * j\u00f5gi * ( river ) etc. 
  even first names can be just * mari * ( berry ) , * laine * ( wave ) etc. 
  well , as we know , the reformation movement created the protestant church , which changed the church a lot . 
  one of those reforms was language - the word of the god had to reach everybody , including the peasants , and doing it in their own language was the most efficient way . 
  so , as protestantism reached estonia , they ( germans ) needed to create a written language for estonian ( which was based on german , so latin alphabet ) . 
  this started a battle between north estonian and south estonian language about which one should be the standard . 
  the old testament was translated into south estonian first , but new testament into north estonian . 
  the latter was considered to be the most important step in which north estonian became the standard for estonian language and south estonian entered into a steady period of decline , becoming a marginal dialect as of today . 
  of course , having a written language and the bible in your own language meant people could learn how to read and write . 
  in that era , that was only through religious texts . 
  the whole story is , in addition to religion , also related to germans , as baltic germans actually created the writing system , and many of them played an important role for the language . 
  they are known as estophiles . 
  at the same time , estonian peasants were under rule of baltic germans , which created friction . 
  all in all , estonian language itself became heavily influenced by german , with up to 1/3 of words being borrowed from there , in addition to the alphabet . 
  furthermore , a lot , if not even majority of estonians had german names up to 1930s era of massive estonianization . 
   doubt that 50 % of estonians believe in forest-spirits or other supernatural creatures . 
  you 'd be surprised how many middle-aged people believe in all kinds of esotherics here . 
  not only . 
  estonians ' link with christianity was just never too strong . 
  it was something forced upon us , brought by the conquerers , so it was always associated with ` them ' rather than ` us ' . 
  even protestantism was more of a baltic germans ' thing , even though it also helped estonian language a lot . 
  for example , there was a massive conversion to orthodox christianity by estonians ( who were mostly peasants ) in 19th century as to protest against their bad conditions and germans controlling the protestant church . 
  most post-soviet states had a strong resurgence in religion in its final days and with independence , but for estonia , it was very brief and weak . 
  number of religious people has decreased for the past two decades . 
  although , local russians seem to have followed the trend of russia with more people registering as orthodox than ever before , while for estonians , the number of religious people has dropped to all time lows . 
  however , there 's one thing to be noticed here . 
  estonians might not associate themselves with religions , but there are quite a lot of people that take all kind of alternative and magic stuff for serious , for example , astrology . 
  that seems to be especially common among the middle aged people . 
  only the youth seem to be strongly nordic-style no-religion-no-esotherics type . 
  free , yes , but not states . 
  they were n't exactly independent states before that either . 
   i see the attitude of russia towards the eu and the other way around a little bit different . 
  through the the nato expansion at the same time and the iraq invasion supported by easterners , the eu got too interconnected with the american hegemony in the russian view . 
  therefore the relations worsened . 
  and where exactly was that seen ? 
  russia had bad relations with specific countries , like baltics anyway , but not with eu . 
  this had nothing to do with their eu membership , but more because of historical events and disagreements over their actions . 
  the story how eu and the west have always been evil , against russia , is something that 's been spinned since 2014 for the domestic audience because of the sanctions . 
  do you know that eu actually funds several projects in russia , including border projects here together with estonia and latvia ? 
  you might check [ it ] ( http://estlatrus.eu/ ) out . 
  the sad thing is even when some dirt poor towns there get a new thing with eu support , you 'll still find plenty of people there that are furiously against ` evil fascists ' and ` gayrope ' . 
   i 'm not sure if the situation in the ukraine had escalated so far , if the eu distanced itself more from the us in the years before . 
  ukraine would still be run as poorly as it has been , and people would push for change . 
  a maidan or something similar would have happened , just like it happened in 2004 anyway .
