  baltics are not officially bilingual and you might trigger some people when you call them such . 
  note that russian does n't hold historically some super important position in estonia and latvia , like swedish does in finland . 
  in fact , that language would be german , but almost all of them left during wwii . 
  russian is something that was always pushed by a foreign regime ( russification in russian empire in late 19th century and in soviet union ) and was never considered `` ours '' . 
  russians also became such a big group only during mass immigration of soviet union , so there 's no historical identity that would set them apart from those in russia . 
  the attitude / u/h2ppyme described is nothing to be praised , though . 
  if you do n't want to learn russian , fine , but pick another language to learn then . 
  being proud that your language skills will be poor is retarded . 
  there 's nothing particularly wrong with russian schools in estonia . 
  they perform a bit poorer than estonian schools , but only slightly . 
  they still managed to outperform russian schools in russia in the recent pisa test , for example . 
  i have no idea about lv & lt , though . 
  however , it does n't change the fact that this is basically a segregated school system . 
  russians are always in their own community , from kindergarten to school to workplace . 
  it might not be such an issue if it was some tiny ethnic minority ( like coastal swedes ) , but unfortunately , it 's a big part of our population that spends their life in russian information sphere and ends up adopting values way closer to russia than to estonia . 
  and you might have noticed , but we do n't get along at all . 
  i would offer a compromise solution that would convert russian schools in tallinn into estonian schools . 
  as it 's the capital where there are enough jobs , it gives the economic incentive to finally learn estonian . 
  it 's also symbolically important for us that we would n't have tiny putin 's russia 's exclaves in our capital . 
  meanwhile , towns like narva and sillam\u00e4e are over 90 % russian-speaking and that obviously wo n't be changing in a democracy . 
  it 'd be very difficult to push for education in estonian language there . 
  if russians in tallinn then feel they need education in their native language , these places are available . 
  a point of regional policy as well . 
  the welsh in the uk are a native population , but vast majority of russians in baltics are soviet immigrants . 
  their number does n't change the fact . 
  i 'm sorry , how does this refugee thing now works ? 
  as long as you have the vague `` intent of requesting asylum '' in mind , you are allowed to pretty much go to any country in the world * legally * , ignoring their borders ? 
  how the hell are german jewish refugees relevant , when they were going to a * neighbouring * country , while we 're dealing with people that cross deserts , seas and multiple safe countries in their path to get to the country with the most generous welfare and existing network of their countrymen . 
  in the end , why should i care . 
  they 're not coming to my country . 
  but as long as this welfare shopping is allowed to happen , it 's germany that 's constantly fuelling the migration flows as well . 
  i do n't feel responsibility for such people and my countrymen do n't pay for that policy with their lives either . 
  but yours do . 
  there 's do denying that mena immigrants are , by far , the most problematic . 
  the unfortunate thing is that they are pretty much geographically closest to us as well , which means they naturally make up a bigger share of non-european immigrants . 
  then again , this does n't necessarily have to be the case , if we only allowed * legal * immigrants in . 
  oh , look how much the russkiy mir respects cultural and linguistic diversity . 
  ca n't wait to join the successful multi-ethnic federation where minority rights are respected . 
  / s also , do n't you dare switch russian schools to ukrainian schools in ukraine or to latvian schools in latvia . 
  that 's fascist !, 
  it is still yet another proof how problematic are mena immigrants . 
  that 's not how bad immigration policies affect your country at all . 
  the effect is long-term , with slowly growing segregated communities changing the faces of the regions . 
  with ethnic/cultural/religion tensions appearing . 
  with educational results dropping . 
  statistics concerning integration results have not been very positive for sweden , as unemployment for non-eu immigrants is several times higher than for swedes , and immigrants perform poorly compared to natives in pisa tests etc. 
  and i mean , hundreds of isis fighters with swedish citizenship kinda says it already . 
  just because swedish economy is doing well right now does n't mean their immigration policies are good . 
  these are rather different things . 
  thanks for the detailed answer . 
  however , my main concern is what happens to further economic integration of euro area ? 
  is that now pretty much left as it is and a new core is to be founded ? 
  i mean , the members still use the single currency and hence , they still have the same problem of not being integrated enough and the assymetric economic shocks that come due to that . 
  yes , the bubble would be about the prices . 
  most swedes have taken a loan to afford their homes . 
  if the value of their real estate should drop considerably , they end up in big losses . 
  the debts stay , but their assets lose value . 
  also , if real estate prices drop , real estate developers stop a lot of their projects as they 're not profitable anymore . 
  this , in turn , harms the construction sector , which in turn harms the manufacturing sector . 
  of course , a house or an apartment will become more affordable to new buyers , but this is usually on the background of an economic shock , so not very good times for the general economy . 
  however , one needs to note that in several western european countries , prices of real estate have climbed abnormally high and young people today need to work like two times longer than their parents for the same living space . 
  i think sweden is among those as well . 
  people can survive this , by renting a home , for example . 
  sweden even has some rent price limits , am i correct ? 
  however , less people can afford to buy a home than their grandparents . 
  i really do n't know why it has ended up like this . 
  part of the reason is probably because there were massive state-funded constructions in 60s and 70s and even though the architectural quality of these apartment blocks are not to be praised , they helped solve living space issues . 
  it seems that something has to happen soon again to make young people possible to afford a home of their own . 
  the special core is still somewhat undermining what eu is supposed to be about . 
  if germany and france create their own core with others `` free to join '' , it does n't really take others ' opinions into account , does it ? 
  why has the eu expanded so much if they are not willing to take everyone 's opinion into account ? 
  then , we ca n't be sure how open the group would actually be . 
  we already have a situation where romania and bulgaria , countries that joined eu 10 years ago , ca n't still join schengen , even though they fulfill the technical requirements . 
  it 's stuck behind political decisions in netherlands , germany etc. 
  in particular , baltics are not known as countries that would strongly push their own special interests . 
  they 've always strived for the deepest integration in eu . 
  considering we 're geographically also detached from the `` core '' eurozone , it does raise some fears about wanting to `` undo '' the enlargements of eu . 
  indeed , at the very least it should be a republic , not a monarchy . 
  some economists have warned that sweden might have a housing bubble and if that woud burst , it 'd be pretty bad news for them , and for us as well , as swedish banks have strong presence here . 
  then again , sweden does have rather strong population increase , which is the reason for high demand and in turn , high prices . 
  then , the construction sector is raising the supply already . 
  finally , swedish banking sector is generally very strong and can take bigger hits than those in southern europe . 
  anyway , strong growth is good news for us , as sweden is one of our largest trade partners . 
  what ? 
  the man who formulated it and yet did n't believe it ? 
  we have numerous proof of evolution . 
  all kinds of anatomic similarities of vertebrates . 
  simpler life forms being found in older formations . 
  not to mention genetic similarities . 
  accepting theory of evolution is important not only because it 's probably close to the truth , but also because it shows person 's ability of critical thinking . 
  we have reached the theory of evolution through proof . 
  if instead of that , you show me some contradictory fictional religious texts , and say it 's true because you * believe * that way , it shows something about your critical thinking . 
  and i 'm definitely a person who would trust you less . 
  also , i think such people do n't have place in modern western societies . 
  i really think your government made a sensible move with latvian excise duties . 
  those are increased significantly as well , but still less than in estonia . 
  therefore , the alcohol problem is dealt with , budget revenues are increased , but you 've made sure you 're not going to lose the price advantage . 
  by the way , i 've heard something about lithuanians coming to buy alcohol as well . 
  have they also hiked taxes recently or what ? 
  if we go by its definition in eu , freedom of movement includes goods , services , labour and capital .
