   your russians need to be accepted as `` our people '' by ethnic estonians , just as much as they need to view themselves as `` estonian russians '' rather than `` russians '' . 
  no arguing in that , but how do you think that would work ? 
  i 'd need at least one succesful example in a post-soviet country and i do n't have any . 
  just look at ukraine . 
  russians with ukrainian citizenship were willing to kill ukrainians for putin . 
  and let 's not even mention other post-soviet states where most russians have just left . 
  i think the demon lies in russian media . 
  people grow up ( mentally ) in such a different civilization that they find next to nothing in common with us . 
  and that 's an extremely difficult thing to detach them from . 
  ban russian media ? 
  huge violation of media freedom . 
  then just make them learn estonian in hope that they 'll stop taking everything from russian media as truth ? 
   then perhaps you should have paraded with estonian troops and not foreign ones that you knew were overwhelmingly opposed in the region ? 
  see , when people see foreign troops they oppose , they do n't see a `` friendly parade '' . 
  you do realize that things like that could be seen before any nato troops even came here , right ? 
  and nato is not foreign troops , they 're a military alliance that estonia is a member of , with very high support from estonians . 
  also , why do they see nato ( or american ) troops so negatively ? 
  do they even have an objective reason ? 
  no , absolutely not , it 's all from putin 's russia media . 
   for example , judenfrei is not an `` invention of russian propaganda '' . 
  i have never mentioned it was . 
  what i talked about was that ` judenfrei ' estonia meant about 1 ' 000 murdered jews , while in ` non-judenfrei ' lithuania , up to 200 ' 000 were murdered . 
  oh , and might i add hundreds of jews themselves were deported and killed by soviets before nazis even reached here . 
  i can feel you already have a picture of me being a stereotypical nazi pribalt portrayed by russian media , and therefore you assume things that are n't there . 
   well calculated foreign policy yeah , if well-calculated is having one of the worst images in the west and even in the world , sanctions imposed on them , and more and more enemies in their neighbourhood , then maybe . 
  also , how come if russia is so well-calculated , why do they have problems with neighbours arming themselves ? 
  oh , right , that 's all us to blame , nothing to do with russia . 
   it simply puts you in a different camp with a different master to whom you are subordinate . 
  yet another 1:1 element from russian propaganda . 
  yes , we 're part of the west and willingly so . 
  yes , our voice is very small and uninfluential , but it 's still there . 
   so you think that defeating nazi germany and ending a brutal war was not a good thing ? 
  ooooooookay . 
  no , that 's not it . 
  but how do you think some today 's russian , or separatist dnr-lnr flags are felt by estonians ? 
  not positiviely , i tell you . 
  you completely misunderstood me . 
  what i meant was that integration has been very bad in estonia . 
  you said russians ` feel like estonians ' , but statistics tell complete other story . 
  just take opinion polls and value surveys and it 's still clear local russians think very similar to those in putin 's russia and less to estonians . 
  yet again today , it was published that estonians and russians move to places where their national peers live . 
  it 's just sad , we have parallel societies in this country . 
  and imo , it 's damaging us a lot . 
  much of the energy goes to fight battles between the groups , instead of common effort . 
  millions of eu and state funds have been poured , it 's been 25 years since restoration of republic of estonia and the results have been extremely weak . 
  at this point , i 'd even think about converting all public schools into estonian language , as to just stop the endless circle of dual society . 
   the one us main battle tanks were marched along a couple of years ago . 
  it was in the third largest city of estonia and it was the independence day of estonia , where it is a tradition to show military equipment , and which is also known to switch between estonian towns . 
  a stupid drama overblown by those who want it . 
   and the bush , one on which the estonian security agent was `` picking berries '' with a loaded gun and several thousands of euros in cash . 
  oh my god , there are really police and/or spy activities [ russian story ] going on between countries . 
  a shock i must say . 
  just so you 'd know , there really is a lot of smuggling between estonia and russia . 
   we do . 
  no , you do n't . 
  your politicians might do for reasons we discussed , but finns in general are even more against putin 's russia than baltics . 
  and the finns i 've had contact with only displayed disgust when they talked about russia . 
   you have a history of doing just this with the nazi germany , with which you clearly have n't come to terms to this date . 
  you see , if history really started in 1941 , as in many russian chauvinists ' heads , i 'd agree . 
  but see , there was this 1940 when ussr occupied baltics and carried out many crimes , including mass deporationgs . 
  i 'm not proud of nazi collaboration here , because it was a horrible anti-human regime , but it 's not surprising in any way for me , the more estonians supported nazis than soviets in that time . 
  after all , they 'd just experienced the `` best '' of soviets . 
   estonian ist judenfrei , i 'm looking at you . 
  again a favourite of russian state media . 
  you 're only forgetting how few jews even lived here so becoming `` judenfrei '' here was still 1000 times less horrible than what happened to jews in lithuania , for example . 
  also , there have been researches here and estonians did n't have widespread anti-jew sentiment . 
  in fact , jews and germans were the 2 nations that got cultural autonomy in republic of estonia before wwii . 
  but yes , blaming nazi occupation actions on estonians , that 's an easy justification for soviet occupation . 
   again , this is something that will likely come to you with time . 
  the only thing we can hope for is that you do n't do too much irreversible damage while growing up as a nation state . 
  there 's much estonia needs to learn , and attitude towards russia might be also to improve . 
  but when we look at estonia 's and russia 's international positions , i feel very confident that we 're the ones being more civilized here . 
   russians were genuinely happy to be estonian , but they were worried about discrimination . 
  i hope you are right , but i 've also got personal experiences that were far worse . 
  i advise you to come on 9th may . 
  you could n't distinguish it from russia in any way . 
  you 'll also find some lnr and dnr flags , soviet ones etc. 
  sorry , but at such times , you ca n't sense an inch of ` estonian-ness ' in them . 
   their reason ? 
  `` we 'll never let a russian enter a position were he can lead over estonians '' . 
  this was the reply of the boss on site , verbatim , to my face when i inquired upon the second breaking of deadline . 
  i 'm sorry you met such idiots , but it 's a huge stretch to generalize it to the entire nation . 
  and narva in particular might not be the best place , because it 's a city that used to be majority estonian-speaking before wwii and became 96 % russian due to soviet ethnic policies . 
  it 's very controversial . 
   they do n't want it to become another hypermilitarized estonian border . 
  hyperbole squared . 
  estonian-russian border is , in most part , just a lake and a river , a natural obstacle . 
  the southern part used to be a plain forest , with some dated signs telling you 've crossed border . 
  only now estonia is having some logging there and upgrading infrastructure , partly because of refugee crisis . 
  there 's no military base close to the border in estonia 's side ( there is in russia - pskov ) . 
   if we become a vassal state of us i 'm sorry , you seem like a sensible guy , but much of your views are 1:1 propaganda of russian state media . 
  i 've never seen anybody else than russians claim that . 
  estonia does have close relations with usa , yes , and sorry , we 're not going to change them because a foreign nation ( russians ) has problems with them . 
  usa never recognized occupation of baltics and they continue to be a great partner . 
  there 's no reason we should share the emotions that dominate in russia here . 
   and then you 'll stop being the proverbial chihuahua who thinks that it 's the most important thing to the guard dog guarding the neighbour 's lot and so spends most of its time barking at it hysterically and then runs away to its owner whining when guard dog barks back . 
  you 're not realizing some important stuff here . 
  estonia is not finland . 
  finland 's policy on russia is not some developed version of estonia 's . 
  i fully realize the history behind finlandization-like policy and the benefits with that .
