  we do n't even have a border treaty because russia refuses to recognise the tartu peace treaty . 
  even if we change the borders ( therefore , giving away our former 5 % ) , it 's still not enough because russia still refuses to recognise baltics ' independence of 1918 and continues their rhetorics of post-soviet states , so they would n't have to deal with the occupation at all . 
  you also `` forget '' or probably even do n't know that estonia ( and finland ) have receded part of their territorial waters so that st. petersburg had a chance to go through international waters . 
  maybe we should take it back because clearly there 's no use for it ? 
  you also attacked us if we merely relocated a soviet monument from city center to a cemetery . 
  you have absolutely no respect towards baltics at all . 
  not only does russia completely ignore the occupation , it insists it was liberation instead . 
  you know , the one with ethnic cleansing , ban on national symbols , deportations and so on . 
  in the end , i 've already mentioned it that estonia is probably the only non-russian country that has russian church right next to the parliament and a russian theatre right next to the freedom square , but we are still russophobic fascists because we do n't like the putin 's regime , the current russia rewriting of history , their invasions and annexations , and that we do n't recognise our occupation ( that includes not giving automatic citizenship to immigrants ) . 
  is it really the western media changing or is there really something different with russian mentality ? 
  i mean , i live next door to you , but i could n't feel more alienated from russian society than it is today . 
  i can not find the sheep-like `` za putina , za rossii '' , the obligatory `` fascists '' , waving the russian-soviet-czarist etc flags , wearing the beetle ribbon even tolerable anymore . 
  in fact , i see the separatists in eastern ukraine and russian chauvinists ( not all russians ) both in baltics and russia as a similar zombified mass that would be easily comparable with 1930s germans . 
  i do n't understand why you 'd cheer for extra land grab , while you already have the biggest country on earth and which causes your living standards to drop . 
  not to mention invading your ` brother nation ' , therefore destroying millions of family relations , cultural and economical and historical contacts with ukraine , killing thousands etc. 
  what 's there to like ? 
  based on sharp deterioration of relations between europe and russia , it truly seems that other countries did not approve it . 
  yet , over 80 % of russian would vote for putin . 
  that is special , is n't it ? 
  i am not even sure if it 's the extreme chauvinism , the belief that russia really is under constant threat and everybody wants to attack it ( so dear leader must be supported in those unstable times , so evil invaders would n't have a chance ) or a mix of those ? 
  one of the latest of such `` threats '' , as we heard , is estonia 's finno-ugric cooperation programs that are , according to russia 's regnum at least , anti-russian because they try to revitalize their nations . 
  really , we 're such fascists , how could we do something like that ? 
  we should allow our relative nations to become the same putinist zombies nobody in the world , except for russian chauvinists , like . 
  there 's one area eu has definitely been irreplacable - namely our countryside has at least some life in it due to various eu support mechanisms . 
  i was surprised to see how villages and small towns in russia seem like time stopped in 1970s there , while moscow and st. petersburg are full of renovated and modern buildings . 
  i mean , a country with largest amount of natural resources in the world could provide a little bit more equal development , right ? 
  other than that , riga is a gorgeous city ( that in my opinion , is still not living up to its potential ) , while jurmala is truly a heavenly resort town ( if your wallet is thick enough , damn russians driving the prices so high ) . 
  the farmers got a support subsidy due to a deep drop in milk prices . 
  it 's nearly -50 % in estonia , but our trade with russia is mainly transit , so it does n't affect us too much . 
  finland and sweden are by far our largest trading partners . 
  it 's quite the opposite in estonia . 
  people usually hate russian and like german ( these are the 2 most popular foreign languages after english ) . 
  because hopefully a lot of them prefer estonia to russia , find jobs here , become taxpayers and contribute to our country ? 
  not a problem , the only russian product here is vodka and i do n't drink . 
  statistics show that it used to be middle-aged mostly , but now , young ones are catching up . 
  media makes stories only out of the famous ones . 
  i know a russian investor ( middle aged , female ) opened the first imax cinema here -  moved to tallinn . 
  an environmentalist and activist family ( with kids ) was the most recent story . 
  there has been an artist etc. 
  also , it 's necessary to point out that migration numbers . 
  in the last 5 years , around 1000 people left to russia and around 4500 people came from russia . 
  i think these numbers do not need to be commented , i do n't think people would come to a place they 're oppressed . 
  still , russians are not more eager to leave than estonians , either to russia or to other eu countries . 
  i think if we retaliated with all the steps the opposing side has taken , we should also ban all russian food import . 
  latvia 's situation has actually improved considerably past few years - their once abysmal fertility rate has increased for 4 years in a row and emigration has decreased to pre-crisis levels . 
  still , demographics in baltics remain a big problem . 
  a big part of the decline can be assigned to leaving russians , as in this data for latvia , which is at least a bit positive after the colonization-level immigration the country once suffered . 
  another big influencer is actually free movement . 
  latvians and lithuanians prefer the british isles , fortunately for estonia , there 's finland , which in many cases means that people do not permanently leave estonia . 
  in estonia , leaving russians is not the case anymore . 
  more russians move here each year than go back to russia . 
  fortunately , our demographics are also slighly better , so estonians ' share is not dropping . 
  i 'd also like to believe that most russian immigrants are liberal/pro-european so they 'd influence locals more too . 
  greece seemed to sing about their economy and relations with eu/imf . 
   i 'm begging you take me wherever you have gone come back and save me do n't want to be alone nothing left , i just have one last breath  i ' m begging you take me out of this firing hell come back and save me what happened was n't fair nothing left all that i have is one last breath only one last breath, 
  yes , you should have had the same ~ ~ ethnic cleansing ~ ~ [ replacement of fascists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_priboi ) with [ hard-working soviets ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russians_in_the_baltic_states ) as baltics did , so you 'd always have them to liberate you , whenever you act fascist again , as in [ tallinn 2007 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg8329uikcw ) . 
  he might face up to 20 years in russian prison soon :(, 
  a big part of it are finnish alco-tourists as alcohol is way cheaper here than in finland . 
  a recent survey suggested that up to 1/3 of estonian alcoholic products are bought by finns . 
  moreover , a lot of finns also buy other products , use services and just go around estonia . 
  tourism in general has had a very good run here too , there a lot of hotels and spas even in small towns . 
  recently , russians were coming in horders until ukraine happened ... 
  this year , asian tourists seem to dominate , but dramatic drop of russian tourists is still felt . 
  what is suprising is how russia claims to want good relations with eu and then continues its usual europhobic moves by banning eu products and blacklisting their people . 
  just block swift in russia and boycott fifa 2018 . 
   the authors of the study said it will be , above all , important to attract qualified workers from non-eu states in view of the sinking population within the bloc itself . 
  this is one area where eu , especially compared to the usa , is an absolute failure . 
  while usa really attracts a lot of talents around the world , eu is mostly taking refugees , which , let 's be honest , are very likely to be undereducated . 
  what is more , the refugees are disproportionally represented with most of them being young males . 
  this reduces their chance of finding a partner even more , and pushing them on a wrong path . 
  looking at that , it 's not a surprise to see europe beating usa only in number of isis fighters . 
  but hey , we 're a human rights respecting enlightened union , demographically imploding , struggling with illegal immigration and rise of far right populists , but who cares , right ? 
   fn/ukip/pegida is exactly why other european countries should help germany , france , uk , because when they fall , eu is no more . 
  when eu is no more , former soviet/warsaw pact countries are going to lose more than a few tens of thousands of euros that they would spend on the refugees . 
  but that was exactly my point - quotas will only make the situation worse . 
  cee countries are considerably smaller ( and poorer ) than the big countries ( de , uk , fr ) - their involvement wo n't change a thing . 
   my strong opinion is that europe should solve this problem together . 
  first , by helping the conflicts end ( un peace keeping ) . 
  second , by overall sending development aid and know-how to the poor regions . 
  third , by supporting the continental/sub-continental unions like the african union and asean . 
  fourth , by stopping the bitching about having to deal with refugees and actually doing something about the inequality . 
  and fifth , share the amounts of refugees , because of european solidarity . 
  sorry , but i find these measures very vague , most of these we are already doing . 
  africa will stay a lot poorer and unstable even in the distant future , middle east will still have wars . 
  of course we should help but already demographically , africa will be size of multiple europes in the following decades . 
  they are literally overbreeding as africa is already struggling to feed its own people , but its population is nevertheless projected to rise exponentially in the future . 
  europe 's aid will be less and less felt there in time . 
  and not only , europe 's population is projected to start declining already next decade , so we will also have less and less resources . 
   the thing is , i understand you and the way you think , i just say that there is no legal or physical way to stop the flow of refugees by force . 
  australia managed that . 
  yeah , they 're not the favourite kid of human rights groups for that , but i still see that as a preferable solution to that of eu . 
   a few thousand people wo n't kill estonia/latvia/lithuania , but it will provide the moral support to other countries . 
  if we want to be western/nordic , we must accept the few disadvantages that come with having a high standard of living and being a developed society . 
  i 'd just like to remind you that estonia and latvia already have the burden of having the largest share of foreigners in the whole eu . 
  maybe it 's time for moral support of western europe , will you be taking some of our russian citizens ? 
  not only that , if you really think forcing migrants on baltics will go down well only a few decades after massive colonization ( for which nobody has taken responsiblity ) , you must not be thinking clearly . 
  finally , this is not even the issue of baltics alone . 
  i already said that this wo n't solve the problem , but has the potential to make it even worse . 
  we 'll just make more `` room '' for migrants , another bunch will come , and yet again we will share them . 
  this wo n't work .
