  well , we now have [ iceland square ] ( http://wikimapia.org/4358593/iceland-square ) in tallinn where once [ lenin used to stand ] ( http://estonia.jkaptein.nl/sovjet/tallinn02a_lenin.jpg ) . 
  yes , it 's the historical western coastlands of russia , region called ' \u041f\u0440\u0438\u0431\u0430\u043b\u0442\u0438\u043a\u0430 ' , which is currently under western occupation . 
  do n't forget to spread news about imminent slaughter of oppressed german-speaking minority there . 
  foreign trade in russia has indeed reduced significantly , but that 's because majority of their trade is still natural resources . 
  as you might know , price of oil and other commodities dropped sharply in the past years , so that was the main cause . 
  russia also `` counter-sanctioned '' eu by banning imports of food products , which again - positive for producers and manufacturers ( russians now need to buy from local companies ) , but negative for consumers ( smaller choice , higher price ) . 
  russia itself is not banned from selling food products in eu , though , so they can still sell their edible goods here . 
  i imagine cheap ruble has helped food producers to sell their produce worldwide . 
  other exporters in russia have not fared too well , though . 
  that 's because cheap ruble does n't affect manufacturers so much . 
  if they buy resources abroad , they need to pay more , yes , but if they export it , they benefit as their goods are cheaper , so more competitive . 
  in addition , their labour costs are down . 
  meanwhile , consumers are just well ... poorer . 
  their wages have not risen , but prices have . 
  foreign goods are a lot more expensive and much of the domestic goods aswell . 
  most of the burden of the crisis has been shifted to consumers in russia . 
  russia 's numbers in manufacturing are strong aswell . 
  if only we could ignore politics now ... 
  wow you rich bastards consider yourself oh-so pro-eu and you dare to put question marks on eu member states ? 
  ^ ( also give skype back ! ), 
  was estonia secretly annexed by sweden or is there another reason for it being light blue but having no text ? 
  not sure if serious or trolling ... 
  why fucked up ? 
  madrid is in the centre of the country . 
  seems to be the most logical place for me ... 
  / u/low _ discrepancy is not wrong . 
  self-determination does n't mean exclusively a right to declare an independent country . 
  it can also be just an autonomy within a country . 
  it 's a debated issue in international law . 
  it 's more like a case of high inflation ( due to ruble dropping ) and wages stagnating ( economy in recession ) , resulting in drop in purchase power . 
   how do we know that ? 
  those people have never been given an open debate and a fair election on the matter . 
  most of these people have grown up on russian media . 
  we have plenty of experience with that . 
  there 's little reason to believe their opinion would differ drastically from that of russia . 
  and i mean , even if i leave russian propaganda out , if most people there identify with russia , speak russian natively , then it does n't sound too surprising when they go for their wealthier motherland , which promises to invest a lot ( and well , they have already ) . 
  meanwhile , ukraine is in a military conflict and economy is in deep crisis ( russia 's not exactly booming either , but the crisis is noticeably milder ) . 
  the difference is that people in baltics never wanted to be part of ussr . 
  most people in crimea now want to be part of russia . 
  of course , the `` referendum '' they had was absurd , as conducted already in an occupied territory and with far-right or other pro-russian `` observers '' . 
  however , it 's not a secret that even in the case of a valid referendum , the result would still be strongly in favour of joining russia . 
  most people today in crimea are russians , or russian-speakers . 
  russia is also a big country and can afford to invest a lot into crimea . 
  i do n't think this is a strong argument either as it would allow big countries to prop up break-up territories by promising a lot of investments there . 
  but how realistic is crimea being returned to ~ ~ russia ~ ~ edit : ukraine ? 
  close to non-existent , i 'd say . 
  for that , ukraine would need to have living standards at least on level of russia . 
  because ukraine does n't have such vast natural resources , i do not find it realistic . 
  secondly , even if that was achieved , most crimeans would need to identify themselves more with ukraine than russia . 
  again , try to compete with russian media or change their preferred language to ukrainian ? 
  first is extremely difficult , second outright impossible . 
  and then you have kremlin , which would be fighting in every way against returning it . 
  including using military . 
  so sorry , but i do n't see that possible now or in foreseeable future . 
  well , if by `` territories of my fatherland '' , he also means crimea , it seems that he can never go to russia . 
  livestream ? 
  there should be consequences for such outlets and journalists . 
  well , have n't democrats been historically milder and more cooperative in foreign policy ? 
  some might go for the known devil , instead of the unknown one . 
  kill him !, 
  he worships false gods !!, 
  unfortunately for [ us ] ( https://www.bundesbank.de/redaktion/en/bilder/bilderstrecken/euro_muenzen_national/estland_2euro.jpg?__blob=poster&amp;v=4 ) . 
  there are estonians that are anti-eu , anti-nato and anti western liberalism . 
  i 've never quite understood how they 'd imagine estonia surviving and functioning in a closed and unfriendly world without powerful allies , but then again , that 's probably why i 'm not of them . 
  estonia closer to finland than russia ? 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised , to be honest . 
   former warsaw pact countries did go through the same collapse not quite the same , though . 
  at the very least , they remained a single country within same borders ( apart from gdr which was annexed by its richer neighbour , czech republic and slovakia also separated peacefully ) . 
  they did n't have to build new administrative , security , trade , military , diplomatic etc networks from scratch , so the transition was much more stable . 
  that said , soviet union was definitely not a role model in tackling crime , at least based on [ data ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/profiles/soviet-union/crime ) we have access to . 
  furthermore , during most of its existence , none of such data was even published , as soviet union did not have crime , people with disabilities or sex . 
  but still , i think it 's the tough transition that pushed the numbers so much higher compared to rest of europe . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  how could some of the portraits be from different angle . 
  some have mouth clearly open , others not . 
  the background has some clear colour for some etc. 
  does n't seem realistic to me ... 
  is it ussr that caused such tendencies , or the horrible transition when it collapsed ? 
  i think the latter plays a bigger role . 
  yeah , it would make more sense that way , actually . 
  european commission could use some lessons on map making . 
  for baltics , the soviet experience already started negative . 
  soviet union occupied and annexed us and immediately carried out repressions ( deportation of native people , destruction of national monuments , ban on national symbols , arrests , censorship etc ) on people , which instantly turned people against them . 
  the horrible violent and oppressive regime continued until stalin died . 
  things got softer then . 
  estonia and latvia had also bad demographic situation . 
  we completely missed out on the post-wwii baby boom that rest of europe had . 
  in fact , we had the lowest birth rate in europe during that time . 
  instead , hundreds of thousands of russians were brought , which strongly changed the demographics of many towns . 
  being border region of ussr , the seaside was very limited . 
  you can see the effect in tallinn even today as seaside district is still quite empty , even though it 's probably the most valuable area of the city . 
  just compare it to helsinki or stockholm . 
  islands were also limited as you needed a visa to travel there . 
  from positive side , the education system was rather good , especially maths , chemistry , physics etc. 
  history was another thing , of course . 
  fortunately , no attempts at direct russification were made . 
  schools were in our native language , with russian still being a mandatory subject . 
  russian migrants got schools in russian , though ( still exist today , even though we try to push more estonian there ) . 
  but demographics and politics still pushed russian strongly further , and the language started to dominate . 
  in the late 1980s , estonian soviet socialist republic had an `` estonian '' leader who did n't speak a word of estonian .
