   comparing ukraine to those conflicts suggests massive ignorance of the relevant history . 
  you 've got to admit that firstly , they share many similarities , such as russia 's leadership 's skyrocketing popularity with every conflict ( so we should take it as a convenient tool for a failing leader - just invade a neighbour !, 
  ) , then the already mentioned propaganda war ( georgians/ukrainians/moldovans want to kill the ethnic minorities !, 
  ) , and finally , the questionable results - ruining the relations with each of those countries and creating some non-functioning entities ( at least there 's no killing going on - hinting that other nations ca n't peacefully co-exist ) . 
  uhm , why are you attacking me ? 
  i 'm not some kind of an expert , i 'm just stating my opinion here . 
   according to a study in 2010 , only 16 % of people of age would volunteer to join armed forces if finland would have a career army . 
  but these people would not serve only like , half a year , it would be their profession . 
  so that 16 % is not `` only '' , i would be surprised if it was really that high . 
   a survey in 2014 found that only 11 % of the finnish population wish to abolish conscription . 
  that 's indeed something finns themselves can decide and if they like it that way , so be it . 
   what are the reasons for average age at primiparity in finland being 28,6 years and age of all parturients 30,4 years ? 
  the western trend that people want to have a stable income , job and a house before starting a family , i guess . 
  conscription might indeed prolong it , but then we have the general issue of whether conscription is a better alternative to professional army or not . 
   how exactly would temporary exemption from service correct this ? 
  temporary exemption ? 
  who said anything about temporary exemption ? 
   one option would be full exemption from service if a woman has borne children , but would that be considered to fulfill gender equality ? 
  should n't all fathers then also be exempt from military service completely ? 
  why not . 
  such people often have a family and a career and pausing that is not easy , not to mention the family would lose an important chunk of their income . 
   what would be the consequences of exempting all parents from military service ? 
  would the armed forces have less , or more soldiers in the standing army ? 
  you mentioned the average age when women have children , so that 's quite high . 
  at that age , people are not usually conscripted anymore , so i ca n't see it having any significant changes . 
  maybe it 'd motivate some people to start a family earlier , though . 
  well , if anything , then at least it 's easier to push for tough reforms now than it was before . 
  the economy is bottoming out , ukraine is extremely cheap ( attractive for exports and outsourcing ) and most importantly , the people want , no , they actually require reforms . 
  the police reform has had some effect for example . 
  however , the country needs to have at least territorial integrity and no armed conflict , frozen or not , going on . 
  however cheap , big , supportive and well-resourced ukraine was , i would n't invest there it they could burst into flames any day . 
  yeah , it would n't really go away with a change in government . 
  ukraine 's relations with russia might normalize someday , but they 'll never get back to the point they were before . 
  ukrainians will always remember that russia violently took a piece of land from them and with its intervention , helped to kill over 9 ' 000 people . 
  these are things that wo n't be forgotten and it 's the same story with georgia and moldova . 
  i do n't know why russians think these things will be forgotten . 
  they wo n't . 
  russia has permanently ruined its relations with these countries , unless it gives back the occupied territories ( which is , let 's be honest , extremely unlikely ) . 
   ukraine and russia are not arch enemies , and are highly unlikely to ever become such . 
  this is simply because of the family ties across borders being massively prevalent . 
  i hope you realize i used that term to characterize the level of hostility right now . 
  that 's why i also said ` long-term partner ' . 
  and what do you imagine happens with those pseudo-republics ? 
  those will never become functioning countries , they 'll slowly rot and die , and are generally like a gun aiming at ukraine , ready to fire whenever they feel like it . 
  what is more , they block development of eastern ukraine in particular , as effectively a slice has been cut out there and i 'm sure companies avoid even the surrounding areas , just in case . 
   at this rate estonia will be at the same level with the nordic countries ( or even above ) in a few decades . 
  not very realistic , there should be some structural changes in economy for that . 
  much of our growth has been on nordic investments and we produce few products for the end consumer . 
  we depend on others and yet our profit margins are not big . 
  finland has such powerful companies like kone , stora enso , nokia , neste etc. 
  the only considerable player here is tallink and they would n't fit even in 20 largest finnish companies . 
  you also manage to produce new success stories , such as rovio , that add to finnish economy . 
  we have skype ( which was only developed here , the idea came from scandinavians ) , but even that is hqd in luxembourg and only partial development has stayed here . 
  maybe if eu pressurized the tax heaven enough so they 'd return to their home town ? 
  :d oh well , we can hope . 
  how do you think we like the fact that in every few years , we have more and more of those pseudo-republics as a result of russia 's interventions and then we 'll soon find out about europe forgetting them and building some new gas pipelines to russia , so we 'd be even more dependant on russia and even less capable of resisting such situations in the future ? 
  and i 'm not talking about sending soldiers there , as long as russia is there , it would be insane . 
  but there should be a stronger reaction . 
  imo , sounds better for both ukraine and russia than the first one having a permanent pseudo-state in its borders and the latter being archenemies with its long-term partner and the west . 
   unless they hook those machines up to the internet or something and doing that with a power plant would be all kinds of retarded , no matter the os . 
  `` i 'll just check facebook for a few minutes . '', 
  cute cats ! '', 
  so we 'll admit that russia has annexed a part of ukraine , has invaded another part and the response for this are temporary sanctions ? 
  yeah , not my idea of mainting normal relations . 
  it depends . 
  as long as they cover topics where russia does n't have its own special interests/views , it 's fine . 
  otherwise , you 'll find out some `` interesting '' stuff you never knew , like baltics actually having an apartheid regime where speaking russian language is banned , or that the malaysian airlines was shot down by ukrainian destroyer etc. 
  another topics which they like to cover are problems of eu ( because putin 's russia would like to see that bloc collapsed better sooner than later ) , especially the rise of far-right and anti-americanism etc. 
  then race problems in usa ( and basically anything negative about usa ) , anti-nato , pro-russia stuff etc. 
  ukraine might be in a crisis , but comparing it to syria is a whole new level . 
  ukraine has just one country blocking the solution and that 's why i asked whether russia would satisfy with recognizing crimea in exchange for it helping ukraine ( that is , is it in their interests ) . 
  i do n't understand what he is even talking about . 
  baltics are in eu , so it 's natural they 'll integrate into eu . 
  by the way , if we he really wants european-russian integration , why is he against synchronizing kaliningrad to european grid then ? 
  double standards . 
  by that , i did n't ask why ukraine is incapable of doing that but why would that be seen as something very bad and horrible ( as it would inevitably result in casualties ) as opposed to a permanent frozen conflict . 
  they 'd succeed if it was n't for russia helping separatists . 
  and even more ideal option would be for russia to withdraw any support and let the separatist territories just collapse , but that 's unlikely because a ) russia would hardly agree to that , it would lose an important tool and secondly , would effectively admit its participation ; b ) the separatists would n't probably want to let go of their new power . 
  still , i also do n't see how ukraine could succeed with a frozen conflict . 
  i do n't think it would have any strong impacts , especially in nordic countries such as finland , where there are already very few full-time housewives . 
  what is more , a necessary rule would be that mothers and pregnant women would be fully exempt from service . 
   estonia is truly the post-soviet success story . 
  well , nice to see that somebody thinks like that . 
  i 'm generally disappointed how despite our proximity to nordics , which dominate almost every measurable welfare , happiness and success indicator in the world , we have not taken them as examples in so many fields . 
  iceland also has the highest internet penetration rate in europe , basically almost all the people have access to internet there . 
  you also have not the most enjoyable weather , so you enjoy surfing the internet in your warm homes more than italians , for example . 
   there has to be an end to the fighting and a stabilization of the conflict in the donbas . 
  my view has long been that the least-worst option for kyiv is a stable frozen conflict ( as opposed to an unstable one , or worse a hot conflict ) . 
  but one way or the other , kyiv has to end the violence . 
  i ca n't agree with this . 
  a frozen conflict would permanently cripple ukraine 's development . 
  it would be the always-hot topic that is never solved . 
  it would also be an easy tool for russia to `` heat '' things up whenever it feels necessary . 
  and certainly would n't eu nor nato accept members with such territories . 
  why ca n't the territory be reconquered by ukraine ? 
  they have the right to do that . 
  even better , maybe an international mission ? 
  it may sound horrible , but really , we should n't allow any more of such pseudo-states , there 's far too many of those in post-soviet countries . 
  and relations with russia should indeed recover to at least a civilized level . 
  would crimea 's recognition as part of russia in exchange for russia 's support for ukraine ( full support of dnr and lnr as integral part of ukraine , cheaper resources etc ) be viable ?
