  estonia 's last mentionworthy famine was in late 1860s . 
  in soviet union , a massive starvation that killed millions occurred in 1930s . 
  holodomor , maybe remember that ? 
  that was in the most fertile region of ussr . 
  a reason to suspect it was even artificially created . 
  there 's no way a sane estonian would have looked towards ussr , a poorer , more oppressive country where millions had just died . 
   yes , soviet suppression was a thing , but it was also the leninist governments that modernized and industrialized most of the remaining feudal nations . 
  how many such even remained in europe ? 
  central asia is not europe . 
  europe , including eastern europe , was doing okay-ish in 1930s when it came to the economy . 
  security , of course , was another issue . 
   estonia was n't even a thing until 1917 . 
  yes , it was . 
  just because there had n't been an independent estonia , does n't meant there was n't an organized area of linguistically and culturally similar people there . 
   the only reason you exist as a country is because the western powers did n't want the newly-formed soviet union to get the land back they lost to the germans in ww1 . 
  estonia fought its independence and yes , many western nations , such as finland and uk helped us to get that . 
  fortunately . 
   you 're history is as must part of the soviet union as russia is , my friend . 
  actually , no . 
  russia turned red in 1918 . 
  estonia was occupied in 1940 and again in 1944 . 
   your blood , ancestors and lineage is soviet . 
  no , it is not . 
  i have no interest in being part of a stupid artifical formation of a dictatorship that 's today become some crazy russian chauvinist ideology . 
  you can keep that to yourself . 
   estonia is n't in danger of being invaded . 
  maybe not directly invaded , but russia sure is trying to stir up tensions here . 
   the only reason russia invaded crimea is because there was a pro-western completely legitimate '' '' '' '' `` color revolution '' '' '' '' '' in ukraine that threatened to take away their only warm water port . 
  but estonia is even more pro-western and it has the power , together with finland , to block st. petersburg from sea access . 
  seems reason enough to invade , right ? 
   the only thing yeltsin deserved was a million year sentence in the gulag for destroying the russian economy and shattering any future russians had of being relevant in the future . 
  yeltsin did a bad job when it came to the economy , especially considering the late-1990s crash , i 'll give you that . 
  but most of the problems russia had at that time were going to happen no matter the leader . 
  ukraine did n't have yeltsin and did it fare better ? 
  no , it did n't . 
   of course , for estonians , the suffering of russians is a great success !, 
  the gratitude for yeltsin in estonia is solely for his effort in helping our independence to be restored peacefully . 
  what he did in russia is not relevant for us . 
  and what a stupid argument , we 're interested in a wealthy russia to have a better trade partner . 
  of course , unless that wealth is being used to fund military for the use of invading neighbours . 
   the failed ideology that took them from a feudal monarchy to a space-faring , nazi-crushing super-power in the span of 40 years . 
  yes , ussr won nazi germany , with heavy casualties . 
  it also had some great going for a while , achieved with heavy oppression and forced industrialization , when it came to military and space technology . 
  at the same time , it suffered constant deficit of consumer goods . 
  anyway , what i meant was that communism is a failed ideology . 
  just look at any country which has experienced it and you 'll see . 
  west germany vs east germany , south korea vs north korea . 
  it just does n't work . 
   how about you see how central asia has been doing since the soviet union collpased ? 
  they 've been shit since the su fell . 
  yes , and i 'd even add that soviet union brought great education and development to these regions . 
  however , i do n't understand why that 's even relevant here . 
   how come this same failed ideology did n't make other countries that were affected by it , for example poland , equally poor ? 
  because poland did n't also deal with a collapse of a whole country , like former soviet states did . 
  all the shared infrastructure , production chains , etc were gone and had to be rebuilt . 
  so instead of poland , take ukraine , latvia , georgia etc - all of them had similarly awful 1990s full of poverty and crime . 
   how come this general rise of world economy did n't make other countries , for example ukraine , equally rich ? 
  because ukraine does n't have oil . 
  that 's basically all the explanation for russia 's growth , because if you look at its exports , they produce little when excluding natural resources . 
  even corruption , which ukraine is notoriously known for , is basically at the [ same level ] ( https://www.transparency.org/cpi2015/results#results-table ) in russia . 
  let 's not even mention media freedom or judicial situation . 
  putin has been a lousy reformer , actually . 
  if those concentration camps were places of ethnic cleansing , soviet occupation of baltics must have been a genocide . 
   the fact that a lot of people , including you , prefer to pretend that they did n't and to downplay their role does n't really change that . 
  finland was being invaded by ussr , a country some 50 times bigger , and their only important ally was nazi germany . 
  what could finland do ? 
  attack their only ally and as a result , be anhiliated ( or well , `` liberated '' like baltics - that is destroyed , colonized , looted , a failed ideology pressed on for half a century etc ) ? 
  the fact that finnish participation remained so limited is actually admirable , because many would want to see the occupier-invader suffer , to not be able to attack again in the future . 
   i also very much enjoy watching you dance around the occupation , concentration camps and ethnic cleansing of russian locals , pretending that i did n't even mention any that . 
  seriously ? 
  occupation during a war ? 
  that must be horrible . 
  finns should have never got out of their territory , only russians are allowed to do that . 
  / s also , what about the concentration camps ? 
  ussr was really stupid to attack finland and bring such suffering to its own people . 
  it 's just stupid how you try to blame siege of leningrad on finns , firstly indicating that they actively participated in it ( which they did n't , but of course , they did n't really do anything against their military ally at that time either ) and secondly , try to show they wanted and planned it , while actually finland becoming an ally of nazi germany was pretty much to blame on ussr itself . 
  your own leaders were so stupid to firstly get as many enemies to itself and then having to fight against them . 
  ironically , it 's like putin is using the same `` strategy '' again . 
   i wish our latvian friends luck in solving their demographic problems . 
  would be sad to see such a nice nation go extinct . 
  that 's the opposite of what you say in / r/russia . 
   that 's called ` history ' and yes , as a matter of fact , i 've got a lot of uncomfortable things to remind y' all of . 
  * russian history , let 's be precise . 
  because nowhere else is history taught like that . 
   yet , the finns have been nesting the idea of the greater finland ever since the civil war . 
  ` the finns ' aka some nationalist groups in the country ? 
  you do realize it was a democratic republic and not a bloodthirsty dictatorship like nazi germany or ussr , right ? 
   maybe the finns would n't have attempted to occupy russian karelia and actively collaborate in starving to death population of their former capital , or maybe they would have attacked anyway from the very outskirts of leningrad , and that would lead to a catastrophe for the soviet army , but what 's important is that they certainly wanted to and , when offered a chance , immediately did exactly that . 
  soviets certainly were n't forcing them to establish concentration camps for ethnic russians . 
  maybe next time you would n't , you know , invade your peaceful neighbours ? 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't take these crocodile tears seriously . 
  you bomb your peaceful neighbour 's capital and then whine when they act hostile against you ? 
  you sure have a lot of stories about all the neighbours you invaded actually secretly plotting against russia themselves and only paying the fair price for that . 
  however , you always `` forget '' a small unimportant detail . 
  just like a lot of people started to support nazis in baltics because of soviet occupation , so did finland find an ally in germany because of soviet invasion . 
  risto ryti became president already while helsinki was being bombed by the `` friendly '' neighbour . 
   the other serious one for a candidate is a current foreign minister and media is shooting shit at her left and right because her parents were russian and she 's not a `` true estonian '' . 
  that 's just some shit spinned by the far-right conservatives . 
  `` russian background '' would be a problem if it was also pro-putin / ussr , so we could n't be sure if her loyalty lied in tallinn or moscow . 
  but blaming her for `` wrong '' ethnicity is just discrimination .
