  for example , * tourist * : ee : turist lv : turists lt : turistas, 
  i do . 
  russians in ukraine who want to live under putin 's rule can just cross the border and live there . 
  ukrainians ca n't , that 's the only country they have . 
  excuse me . 
  we here in estonia have experienced probably one of the largest forced mass immigrations in europe in the recent decades and we would , by no means , want that to another country . 
  it has been 25 years since it ended and yet , in a large part , we are still a segregated society , where ethnic problems drag the development potential down . 
  there are places in the country where estonian language wo n't get you anywhere , despite it being the only official language . 
  there are cultural conflicts ( such as some groups wanting orthodox christmas an official holiday ) , religious tensions ( new russian churches being raised ) , political issues ( estonians are quite vocally anti-putin , but a lot of russians support him ) , different values ( a university survey showed support towards gay partnerships being almost non-existant among russians , even among the youth , while estonians had traditional age correlation with youth being more supportive , similar to rest of europe ) etc. 
  and if you try to blame immigration policies for that ( which , of course , do play some part ) , try to find a single post-soviet country that has succesfully handled immigration of russians in such a scale . 
  a hint : it 's not ukraine . 
  what i mean is , immigration is positive if handled correctly , but that means taking small amount of preferably educated people from different parts of the world . 
  getting big groups of people from one area will get you long-lasting problems that will be a huge burden for the society , making relations between the groups only worse . 
  ffs , it 's not about syria at all . 
  it 's about the same pattern being repeated all over again . 
  russia invades its neighbour , relations with the west turn sour for a while , until we find yet another ` unavoidable ' thing that requires cooperation with russia and soon we 're partners again . 
  who cares about the another wrecked russia 's neighbour ? 
  it 's not like they 're going to invade ~ ~ moldova ~ ~ , ~ ~ georgia ~ ~ , ~ ~ ukraine ~ ~ , latvia ... 
  oh , we 're very acceptive of diversity and multiculture in its true meaning , that is open societies and ** legal ** migration . 
  as someone currently living in a university town , that 's what we have here - legal educated foreigners from different places , the number of them is increasing every year and i like it that way . 
  what is not acceptable , however , is the twisted illegal mass immigration from mainly one area of the world only , where societies happen to be more radical , violent and unstable than rest of the world . 
  as a result , you get isolated ghettos and segregated societies with increasing social tensions and labelling all this ` diversity ' is just dumb . 
  and forcing this down the throat for others is not ` progress ' . 
  i 'd say it 's more like a new one now , not the continuation of the old . 
  you mean some verbal agreements ? 
  russia was really good with paperwork by then , they surely knew it would not be binding unless directly on paper with signatures . 
  by the way , it 's morally insane to agree something like that , considering the fate of cee had been decided by other powers in 1930s . 
  that was like the main reason why eastern bloc collapsed quickly . 
  it 's either full sovereignity for all of europe or we are still not out of the cold war . 
  do you really think all this was calculated by chess master putin ? 
  it was more of a reactionary move - he saw a crisis in ukraine , the attempt to shift towards west ( again ) , he saw the possiblity in crimea - and took it . 
  i 'm sure the sanctions came as a surprise for him , he probably expected a similar reaction to georgia 2008 aka a few months of ` condemnations ' and back to normality . 
  putin could n't have imagined getting into a cold war like situation and russia 's economy into deep recession . 
  all the while eu has fastest growth in years . 
  this will add additional pressure as russia is not seen as a great developing market anymore , investors have lost trust , certain countries might look more towards eu and less towards russia ( belarus , moldova , georgia , turkey etc ) . 
  in the end , i think russia lost way more than gained . 
  hmm ... 
  i thought you 're called filthy finno-ugrics nao . 
  that 's what you get for absorbing too many of us . 
  obviously a problem which would be best solved by adopting the euro as the official currency of romania . 
  i love how everyone not agreeing with russia are not independent , victims of propaganda , follow usa blindly or what else , and those that support russia are all independent , reasonable , think of their people etc. 
  oh yes , that imperialist eu !, 
  if only there was a way to leave that evil union . 
  you sure seem to have learnt a lot from experience of communist albania to believe less trade will benefit you / s. 
  especially stupid coming from a greek , whose key sector in economy is shipping . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  he said eu is using russia as some kind of an existential threat , which is definitely not the case . 
  eu-russia relations were never too bad , up until russia annexing crimea . 
  we were about to have visa freedom and record trade levels before that mess . 
  it 's just another sign of absolute lack of self-criticism . 
  whatever russia does , it 's always others to be blamed . 
  it 's not russia 's fault for annexing european territories in 21st century , no , it 's actually evil west using that `` small thing '' for antagonizing russia . 
   unlikely . 
  not after what happened . 
  plus having russian as a universal boogieman is very convenient for many politicians . 
  can blame any shortcomings on russian hackers \\ intelligence \\ etc. 
  umm , this is coming from a country where people have taken a ring defence stance around their leaders , with president having ~ 90 % support and one single party having constitutional majority in the parliament . 
  sorry , but it 's russians currently that are acting like they 're in war and not europeans . 
   all countries in the world deal with what their neightboors do , and if it 's something that is not good for them , they will do whatever is possible to stop them . 
  this is where our views collide . 
  i do n't think we should have any less rights than other coutries just because we 're close to russia . 
  independence should include freedom to choose your own allies . 
  there 's the * realpolitik * aspect which means russia will react negatively nevertheless if you do something they do n't like , but that should be limited by international law . 
  invasion should be and is illegal . 
   i repeat , i disagree completely on how russia is dealing in ukraine , but this does not mean that the situation should not be analized and that is not comparable to the baltics . 
  i think it is * comparable * to baltics . 
  the situation is different and there is very little chance of russia invading baltics , but if things would have gone differently ( that is they would not have joined eu and nato ) , i 'm not sure we would have avoided ukraine 's fate . 
   try not to burn russians alive i guess . 
  great advice , but that did n't really trigger the events , crimea was already annexed when odessa fire happened . 
  not kill people in general , not have violence ( even during revolutions ) would be a better advice . 
   so the proper example would be russia occupying narva , not a whole estonia . 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
   people in narva will never fight against russia , most likely they will move out because russia will turn their city into shit , or just obey and try to survive . 
  not many people will actually glorify russia . 
  some could , and there 're always enough unemployed `` volunteers '' from russia to grab along . 
  situation always changes in time . 
  if you have international border treaty ignored just because `` well , it was signed in different times '' , it would be absolutely pointless , nobody would do it . 
  and whatever changes ukraine had or did n't have , these are internal issues . 
  invading them because you did n't like the new government or how it got to power is just absurd . 
  you 're not helping anybody like that , you 'll just make life more miserable for everyone living in the country . 
  it 's aggression , nothing else . 
  majority of ukraine is also anti-russia , yet you 're occupying their territories . 
  majority of georgia is anti-russia , yet you 're occupying their territories . 
   majority of crimea is pro-russian . 
  learn history , how they already tried to secede in nineties . 
  i 've news for you , we also had a little separation attempt of soviet-era migrants here in 90s . 
  only we 'd never allow our lands to be taken away by migrants . 
   yes , i use always because it 's nonsense referring in 2016 to things happened in the 18th century . 
  i do n't think it 's nonsense if you talk about history and refer to 18th century . 
  furthermore , using `` always '' in such case is extremely misleading . 
  as i said , even estonia became part of russia earlier than crimea . 
  have we also `` always '' been part of russia ? 
   then beside the people living here or there you simply ignored the other part by describing it as bullshit , when in reality for every country in the world , the most important things are these things and then the people . 
  do n't get what you mean . 
   please link me the source where putin or russian authorities said that they would never invade and annex crimea . 
  [ here you are ] ( http://www.rferl.org/a/putin-crimea-ukraine/26942862.html ) . 
   because i do n't think you are in fond of russia like crimeans . 
  newsflash for you , baltics have also significant russian-speaking regions , estonia in particular exactly at the border with russia . 
  considering how russian media talks about `` apartheid regime '' and what not , how horribly russians live in baltics etc , on what should be base our trust for russia that you 're not planning a similar `` liberation '' to ukraine ? 
  i mean , for us , the only guarantors for that are eu and nato .
