  much like finno-ugrics in russia . 
  pretty much everything we wanted to avoid here . 
   batjka had no reasons to fuck up belarus ' and russia 's connections after he just allowed a huge amount of russian people become belarussian citizens . 
  now that would seem crazy . 
  of course not , but nor is it very reasonable to create a barrier in the west , considering eu is the world 's largest economic bloc . 
  and well , belarus ' sea access lies there aswell . 
   so , if it ca n't turn from russia , then what 's batjka 's fault about making good relations with them ? 
  that 's the man who 's been ruling the country since 1994 . 
  he ca n't turn away from russia now because he himself has trapped belarus into such situation . 
   opposing to either pro-russian it 's hard to get more pro-russia than belarus today . 
  yes , luka might have not followed putin on everything regarding ukraine recently , but otherwise , it 's not rare to hear belarus to be a puppet state of russia . 
   i do n't know , something about non-citizens . 
  you have a 20 year old report on the issue of soviet migrants in estonia . 
  and must i add , it 's incredibly outdated . 
  soviet migrants have been issued alien passports as identification and travel documents ( visa to eu and russia are not required ) . 
  they can also vote in local elections , but not in the parliamentary ones . 
  meanwhile , a lot of them have learnt estonian language and taken estonian citizenship , and some have taken russian citizenship . 
   i thought you were talking about konstantin p\u00e4ts that was in 1934-1940 , when most of europe was autocratic or outright dictatorships . 
  i mean , compared to nazi germany and soviet union , estonia was still rather mild . 
  today , belarus is called the last dictatorship of europe . 
  context matters here . 
   also sucks that a leader of a smaller country with a huge amount of people considering themselves of russian origin did n't want to instantly break up with his larger neighbor , and made up trade and visiting agreements with it . 
  and the only way to do that is having a dictatorship ? 
  also , belarus is more dependant on russia than just ` trade and visiting agreements ' . 
  most of its economy is heavily dependant on russia , not to mention military or even politics , for that matter . 
  belarus can not turn away from russia , even if it wanted to . 
   should 've just shove the fuckers who lived there for decades out without giving them rights to stay or allowing them to change their citizenship and get new papers . 
  what the hell are you talking about here ? 
  do you really think that way of the dictator ? 
  i mean , a random kolhoznik has taken over the country and is ruling it for 22nd year in a row as his personal dollhouse or something , and no signs of him stopping . 
  opposition is silenced , media restricted . 
  the things that come out of his mouth are often very childish and immature , if not ouright stupid . 
  he actually voted against belarusian independence , tried to get belarus annexed by russia , until he changed his mind . 
  is it some civilizational difference that people approve such thing because i could never imagine such thing in estonia ? 
  indeed , and an additional ` fun fact ' here is that crimea became part of russian empire even later than baltics . 
  hence our vocal reaction against annexation and response to russian aggression . 
  and also why ` historically russian ' sounds so stupid in our ears , especially considering russia itself is keeping many areas historically belonging to other countries ( finnish karelia , german k\u00f6ningsberg , japanese kuril islands etc ) . 
  nevertheless , crimea 's ethnic cleansing was earlier , it 's geographically more difficult to protect and more importantly , it hosted a russian base . 
  also , we fortunately have the advantages of having more functional societies and higher living standards , meaning russians prefer baltics to russia . 
  furthermore , eu and nato are very important umbrellas which have acted as strong security guarantors . 
  do n't think we 'd ever allow any separatist entities in our countries . 
  these areas are not historically russian and became majority russian-speaking only due to soviet deportations and immigration policies . 
  they 're integral parts of our countries and people there will have to accept that or return to their motherland . 
   i think you need to read up on what swedes are to finland . 
  they are conquerors , who came here on crusades and conquest , and who left us to endure `` isoviha '' , and eventually lost us to russian empire . 
  just as germans , swedes , russians , danes , poles are conquerers in estonia . 
  does not make them any less allies for us . 
  we 're not so stuck in history as some like to point out . 
  the reason of problems with russia is very much because of the widespread denial of occupation and crimes there . 
   or do you think kohver really was picking berries ? 
  i 'm sorry but what has this to do with anything ? 
  and kohver was claimed to be involved in detective work . 
   history . 
  nato is an alliance that had zero defensive campaigns , which is what alliance is about on paper . 
  it had many offensive campaigns specifically aimed to destroy states that are competitors to us . 
  oh yes , estonian russians have such a dramatic history with nato . 
  remember that time when nato soldiers were helping in a clean-up campaing in ida-virumaa ? 
  never forget . 
  and the rest of your comment again , russian propaganda 1:1 . 
   `` oh , he talks about problems during holocaust in my country ? 
  well , it 's not that he 's aware of historic context , it 's that he 's indoctrinated by russian media '' . 
  could you at least admit to your own sayings ? 
  you were n't just ` talking about problems ' , you firstly were saying that i was annoyed by people celebrating soviet victory over nazis , then that i did n't believe estonia was announed to be ` judenfrei ' . 
  none of which i actually said . 
  but both of these points would suit perfectly into the pribalt-nazi image , so you immediately assumed i meant those . 
   where did this sudden knee jerk reaction come from ? 
  i get that reaction whenever i feel those points that are thrown in russian propaganda . 
  maybe you actually do n't follow their media and just think like that , but i find it hard to believe considering how you even put words in my mouth i have n't said at all . 
   i merely view it as just another state we have to deal with , that also happens to have a mutual border and imperial interests . 
  you did say ` well calculated foreign policy ' , but it 's suddenly me with a propagandist view . 
   this part is actually 100 % factual . 
  you chose to serve an imperial master . 
  nato is overwhelmingly about extending reach of us foreign policy to sovereign allies . 
  and then some people in your country have used this servant contract for their own political gains . 
  if specific part of `` russian propaganda '' aligns with the reality , does that make reality into `` russian propaganda '' ? 
  as opposed to being smart and neutral , like ukraine ? 
  usa is after its own interests in nato , for sure . 
  only an idiot would deny that . 
  but being in the military alliance is ` serving an imperial master ' ? 
  so does that mean europe is almost full of people serving imperial us masters by being in nato ? 
  nato is not only about usa and history has shown that other nato countries do n't follow them in everything . 
  also , another reason why i believe you are following russian state propaganda is claiming that we follow some us dictated politics here . 
  you know , sanctions and everything , and it all damages us and us benefits from it . 
  but because these people live in their own bubble , they never realize that the most anti-russia sentiment , by far , is created by russia itself . 
  it only takes a lavrov to talk about some occupation or how ` russia is good , europe is evil ' and it comes by itself . 
   the most glaring example of it was the issue of judenfrei - a well established historic fact , that you went to systemically belittle and deny go read my comment again . 
  this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  not once have i denied it , i know very well that it happened . 
  but you already have formed generalized views about estonians that are distorting your views . 
  when it comes to belittling , i merely brought out that it was nazi occupation regime that brought these crimes . 
  of course i 'm ashamed of collaborants and i hope they 're never glorified here , but it 's absolutely stupid to blame an entire nation on that , especially considering republic of estonia had no problems with jews . 
   one of the things you 'll get as you mature as a state is comprehension of importance of truth regardless of the identity of one saying it . 
  i understand you like to take that smug attitude , which is why you emphasize the maturity all the time . 
  considering sweden 's approaching nato and public support is now bigger than opposition , what would you say about them if they joined nato one day ? 
  not mature enough or just brainwashed to become us puppets ? 
   large scale autonomous regions , with two official languages across the entire state and if necessary third language locally that entire state bureaucracy must accept in all their interactions with citizenry . 
  this will never be implemented in estonia . 
  the difference is that swedes in finland are a historical minority that have been living there for centuries , that have developed their own identity , and sweden is one of the closest allies of finland . 
  in estonia , the vast majority of russians came during illegal occupation , do n't differ much from those in russia , and much of it is still very controversial , like the narva-example i brought . 
  furthermore , our relations with russia needs no comments .
