  is it really that russia is surrounded by evil hostile neighbours or might it be their own attitude that has turned them almost a pariah in the west , most of their western neighbours hostile and even ignited wars with 2 neighbours in last 10 years ? 
  i 'm not saying we 're some innocent angels with completely unbiased attitude , but i can say with high confidence that the core problem lies in one specific country 's attitude . 
   i am sorry to see that some eastern european countries still cling on to old grudges , too . 
  that 's the thing . 
  these are not * old * grudges , it 's the behaviour of russia today that annoys us . 
  i dare you to just search any of the baltic country in rt 's youtube channel , for example , and you will see how `` friendly '' our eastern neighbour really is . 
  it 's not like children are on the shelves up to grab by the first couples that want them . 
  somebody needs to evaluate the candidates and decide the best parents and in that case , increased competition should be good for the children , no ? 
   i assume in estonia , the russian minority is more religious/conservative ? 
  obviously . 
  although the worrying part is not that they 're more conservative than estonians , but that a lot of their views are extremely similar to those in russia . 
  which is basically an indication that they 're not really integrated into estonia , nor even eu for that matter . 
   but is really a shame that there are still people like that in estonia . 
  i viewed your country as one of the most developed country in your region and thought that all people there are more open and are willing to make progress . 
  but after reading this , i 'm affraid for you guys . 
  living in 19th century was not fun at all . 
  thankfully , it 's only a tiny share of our population that thinks like that . 
  but we really do seem a lot more open/liberal on the internet than in real life and that for obvious reasons . 
  the youth , who use the internet a lot more , have grown up in a free society and have access to worldwide information ( both as a result of knowing english and using technology ) , which is a huge contrast to soviet era . 
  if you take the fact that homosexual act was a criminal offense here just 25 years ago ( in soviet union ) , and most estonians grew up during that era , it 's not that much of a surprise , but annoying nevertheless , especially for younger people . 
  anyway , we 're having quite a strong neo-conservative/nationalist powers gaining recently partly due to refugee crisis , partly due to same sex partnership legalization and partly due to stagnating political powers . 
  there 's one bigger foundation that fiercly fights against legalization of same-sex partnerships ( it will come into force in 2016 , but in flawed form as existing laws have not been conformed as a result of another power - a nationalist party and arguably the foundation 's ally - blocking all discussions in the parliament ) . 
  basically , they both argue how this is all `` forced upon by outsiders '' and are not `` inherent to estonians '' ( because surely finns are totally different race than us , no point in comparing with them or anything ) . 
  they also have quite racist/far-right remarks and demonstrations ( perfect material for moscow to show how nazi we are ) . 
  oh , and their leader has openly said that they liked life in 19th century more than today , so . 
  yay for us , i guess . 
  and i had just managed to think like 2 years ago how lucky we are not to have a dumb far-right party ... 
   children are meant to have mothers and fathers so do gay people rob children from straight parents or what ? 
  because in the case of adoption , i only see children with no parents actually getting some , and that 's definitely a better option . 
  i have a hard time believing that , especially considering that orthodox countries are generally a lot more conservative . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  slovenia looks like a totally western european country if you came to estonia and see what our soviet-era generations make up . 
  we are all being brainwashed by evil westerners . 
  it 's that new kind of propaganda that only works in developed and rich countries like norway , uk , ireland , france , sweden etc , but not in illiterate african countries , for example . 
   the fact that they are emotionally pro-russian is not disqualifying any more than the inherent anti-russian baltic and polish bias is . 
  i do n't see people in baltics shouting anti-russian slogans , waving anti-russian symbols , making anti-russian grafiti etc , but i do see serbs doing the same pro-russian things . 
  are you sure that baltics and poland are anti-russia inherently or might it be the result of russia 's own actions ? 
  especially considering they have mostly hostile relations with nearly all their western neighbours , apart from belarus . 
  we might be a bit more vocal than the average european country , but then again , there are even more vocal ones like ukraine . 
  i understand that serbia wants into eu and in the end , it makes sense that whole balkan will be integrated into the eu . 
  however , going for `` balancing '' attitude towards russia wo n't help them get there , considering not only would they face opposition from * certain countries * , it would be generally against eu interests considering russia is not very fond of a strong unified eu . 
  even more so , it does n't make sense to make eu even more divided than it already is . 
   russia still has higher gdp growth than the eurozone despite a crash in oil prices what ? 
  russia is currently in a deep recession , while eu 's growth is currently highest since 2011 . 
  russia is doing worse than any eu member right now . 
  gdp growth q3 2015 , yoy : * russia : -4.1 % * eu : +1.9 %  but they will continue their policy of securing their neighbourhood `` securing their neighbourhood '' aka not allowing their neighbours to choose their own paths . 
  does n't sound like something europe should tolerate . 
  if we have not-so-sane attitude , even hate towards russia , i wonder how do you describe the relationship between ukraine and russia right now ? 
  anyway , it 's in no way in eu 's interests to have a member that starts acting in interests of a non-eu country , especially a very aggressive one that is clearly interested in disintegrating the eu . 
  yeah , same here . 
  every single year . 
  i wonder how many has really watched them every time , so like 20-30 times ? 
  i must skip a year at least . 
  nope , we 're not so emotionally attached to a non-eu country like serbs are . 
  if they 'd start doing that , they 'd potentially get into a permanent diplomatic opposition against baltics . 
  a 5th column for russia is the last thing we need in eu , really , and a poor one even less , for that matter . 
  well , firstly it 's wrong , the correct data would be : * share of exports : 11.49 % * share of imports : 5.66 % secondly , the data is old . 
  and i hardly believe russian share in trade will rise in the near future considering their economic crisis continues . 
   for instance , 15 % of estonian imports came from russia , higher than any other country . 
  oh really ? 
  estonian statistics : 10 months of 2015 , russia * share of exports : 6.58 % * share of imports : 5.84 % and what is more , a big part of the trade is just pure transit , with no value added in estonia , and that really does n't affect our economy much . 
  so not that sanctions would benefit our economies , but you really overestimate the importance of russia here . 
  countries that actively expand their dependance on russian gas : germany . 
  countries that block eu energy union as it could mean more equal prices for different eu countries : germany . 
  see i can play that game too . 
  i heard there are some ` quality issues ' with turkish food products too , i 'm afraid they may not meet russian standards . 
  we sometimes tell jokes about ussr never collapsing in belarus , but in this case , it seems that time really completely froze somewhere in deep 1980s or even earlier . 
  could n't find * anything * contemporary in the pictures ... 
  we would of course like to trade with russia as it 's a huge market for our tiny country . 
  however , as we obviously are fascist-nazi-gloryfing-russian-murdering-russophobes , our friendly eastern neighbour has decided we should n't be dealt with . 
  also , those trade numbers are bigger than the reality - a large amount of it is pure transit , meaning no value is added in estonia , and it affects our gdp even less . 
  oh , and trade this year has slumped sharply as a result of russian crisis , so it 's * even smaller * than that today . 
   veskim\u00e4gi added that estonia aims to disintegrate its national energy grid from russia by any means necessary . 
  it makes little difference if this is achieved with new link through poland , the scandinavia , or even by creating a separate frequency region in the baltics , he said . 
  okay , i understand that we 're supposed to switch to european grid eventually , but i really do n't get this `` by any means necessary '' . 
  it 's not like russia would plan to have a blackout in st. petersburg just to leave us without electricity . 
  we do n't have to rush . 
  swedbank ( swedish bank that dominates estonian commercial banking ) in estonia asked donations back from a foundation that supported a `` traditional family foundation '' which mostly fiercly fights against any legitimation of same sex partnerships in estonia . 
  and i fully support them for that . 
  it would be extremely hypocritical for a bank from lgbt-rights front-runner country to support something like that , especially which also promotes itself as nordic . 
  a lot of people promised to ditch that ` evil feminazi liberal greedy svensson bank ' , but of course , only a few did . 
  all in all , i 'd rather support that businesses have some sort of social responsibility too , as they are inevitably an influential part of the society , not some invisible money making machines . 
  why not use dotted lines for disputed territories ? 
  then it would show both * de facto * and * de iure * situation . 
   also . 
  there was n't room for you :( that 's okay , we forgive . 
  i still ca n't see how you can take cuba 's case and apply it here . 
  it 's like you 're trying to show how baltics are some tiny small isolated countries doing stupid nationalist things , while they 're actually part of huge economic and military blocks that are largely reacting in a similar way . 
   your second point appears to utterly ignore the fact that you specifically requested main battle tanks . 
  i only talked about estonian army and nato , but you are talking about the events happening after russia 's invasion of ukraine and annexation of crimea . 
  of course * this * is already meant to show some aggression because it 's a reaction to military invasion of a european country !, 
  that 's the whole point of it - to show that russia 's neighbours wo n't stay idle if they invade another neighbour . 
   as the old saying goes , `` do n't poke the sleeping bear '' . 
  it makes no sense to militarize a peaceful border , as any shift on our side would necessitate russians to respond . 
  the bear has been awake for a long time already if it 's invading and annexing foreign territories . 
  sorry to break the news . 
  your argument would make sense maybe in 2005 . 
   russians were still protesting nato enlargement . 
  they still had severe disagreements over various conflicts , from chechnya to iraq . 
  cold war never went away .
