  sorry , but this one-sided `` justice '' is disgusting . 
  russia is the world 's largest country and yet you see nothing wrong in violently adding even more territories from your smaller neighbours . 
  and you give nothing back . 
  and then whine about antagonizing ? 
  what ? 
  so not implementing a giant economical zone is antagonizing in every aspect you could think of ? 
  really , just looking at russia-eu relations right now , it would probably not have been a bright idea for eu to tie itself to an aggressive and chauvinist autocracy too much . 
   as a russian , i would like to sincerely apologize for the tourists nah , it 's more like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xgjm_scxee ) . 
  and no , it 's not a `` guide for children '' as portrayed in some russian propaganda outlet , it 's a self-critical humoric sketch . 
  cyrillic might * seem * intimidating , but actually , it 's very easy . 
  you 'd learn very quickly . 
  what annoys me with russian is , in english , you mostly use prepositions , in estonian , we have declensions , but in russian , you have both prepositions and declensions * and * you need to pair them with correct grammatical gender . 
  umm ... 
  i doubt it . 
  * crappy * areas in russia look more like [ this ] ( https://www.google.fi/maps/@55.0376878,73.2852021,3a,75y,87.8h,82.72t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sj9vrhskucwzhps3ax_iiea!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) . 
   where they did n't had `` the ivan '' do n't want to spoil our dreams , but it 's quite a stretch to compare baltics to norway , even in a hypothetical scenario without soviet occupation . 
  we would likely have been better off , but we still would n't have oil , nor as stable democracy . 
  remember , baltics turned from democracy to autocracy ( as most of europe before wwii ) , but nordics did not . 
  the language will probably still stay very widespread in baltics for a long time . 
  english is unstoppably taking over as * lingua franca * , and for under-35 , already has , but : * we still have a huge russian minority , especially estonia and latvia . 
  there are still a significant share of those that do n't speak the official language . 
  * russia is still our giant neighbour . 
  despite problems , we still trade with them and tourists visit us . 
  * russian continues to play a huge role in post-soviet countries . 
  of course , our relations are not that relevant anymore , but they are still more important to us than let 's say , africa . 
  knowledge of russian will probably continue to dwindle among estonians , latvians and lithuanians , as english takes over , but it will probably then stay at 2nd place in foreign languages . 
  plus , we have the russian minority whose size is being relatively stable . 
  upvoted because your argumentation is a lot better . 
  ( just so that nobody would claim we 're all the same here . ), 
  although i would still question at which point does something become a native territory ? 
  if crimea 's few centuries is enough , what sets it apart from baltics ? 
  or are they also ` native russian territory ' ? 
  why is that ? 
  slovakia seems to be going , at least economically , only uphills all the time . 
  full report is available [ here ] ( http://www.ebrd.com/publications/life-in-transition-iii ) . 
  ( mainland ) eu has only 3 time zones . 
  meanwhile , russia , a single country , has 11 . 
  we could function perfectly with each country being in the naturally correct time zone . 
  he might have had some good run before annexation of crimea , but russians will definitely not withdraw their support from the great czar that made russia relevant again . 
  i love you . 
  whenever it 's about baltics and he opens his mouth , we just know that his mouth will start playing the decades old vinyls from kremlin propaganda . 
  there 's his face of chauvinism aswell . 
  like what is there to say about these pointless tiny puppet states compared to our glorious \u0420\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f . 
  i 'm not even going to express feelings or open my mouth entirely , these fascist entities are not worth it . 
  can you imagine these dogs , not even [ grateful to us ] ( http://news.postimees.ee/3674793/lavrov-baltics-show-no-gratitude-for-moscow-letting-them-go ) for their pathetic existence ? 
   he also accused the west of `` provoking russia '' , suggesting that negative western press coverage putin had only increased the president 's popularity within russia . 
  well , not much we can do with such delusional people . 
  even after the world 's largest country has annexed territory of its neighbour , russia continues to be the poor victim in their mind . 
  that 's crazy and dangerous mindset . 
  no worries , [ jokerman ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/e3/b2/aa/e3b2aa2fdbf0ac15653a1b0c11b8cb9c.jpg ) is cooler anyway . 
  please change it back . 
  please . 
  oops !, 
  indeed , it is supposed to be ` single mothers ' or ` parents ' . 
  edited . 
  is cyprus doing that for russia ? 
  one of the cause of that war was a lot of people wanting to turn their country to a european path . 
  i 'd say we have at least a small moral obligation for supporting them . 
  as it was said somewhere ( i unfortunately do n't remember where ) , that ukraine is probably the place where more people have died under the eu flag than anywhere else . 
   there are several ways to provide help , it is not limited to a a-treaty . 
  it 's not scoring domestic political points , it 's listening to what the electorate wants . 
  pretty normal in a democracy , perhaps not in the post-ussr world though . 
  oh , really ? 
  do n't try to pretend to be on moral high groud here . 
  unless i see a clear proposal from the dutch for some alternative aid , i do n't believe for a second they had ukrainians in their thoughts . 
  oh , and really , as i asked already . 
  if you now have , i assume , a direct democracy , will you be voting on other subject as well ? 
  which do n't include ukraine ? 
  i 'm waiting , do n't be undemocratic , you need to give people a chance to tell their opinion through referendum on every single issue ...  because you take zero effort understanding anything but yourself . 
  so what 's the problem with aa ? 
  you assume i do n't understand , so please enlighten me . 
   that 's not enough , no . 
  no membership is no membership , not ` it will take years , stop complaining , we 'll push it through when you 're not watching until there 's no going back ' . 
  you do understand that it 's also about ukraine ? 
  these people need support and at least hope that if they reform themselves enough , europe might be available for them . 
  and they * are * lightyears away from it now . 
  even in the recent years , ukraine has had little progress , so any possible dates have not moved closer . 
  eu has a soft power over the country , and it could inspire for positive changes . 
  taking that away will make us weaker and our neighbourhood more unpredictable . 
   there should be no attempts made at this moment for ukraine to join . 
  no reason to ` bar ' it forever , just no attempts at present . 
  if things change , we can put it up for vote again in the future . 
  there are no attempts at present . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  we 're just not saying that they could never join . 
  so eu is a club for selected elite , not for * all * europeans ? 
  even if ukraine ever fulfilled the criteria ( it would take * a long * time for them , decades ) , they just ca n't get in ? 
  that would go against the values we 're supposed to stand for ... 
   oh , great , at the elections , when there are issues at stake which are at least 10x more important for voters since those affect them directly ... 
  so it was n't * that * big deal for dutch people , but a nationwide referendum was organized for that . 
  what ? 
  are you going to have referendums for every single topic that 's , as you said , 10x more important aswell ? 
   ever heard of a ` pulse check ' ? 
  that is exactly what one of the goals of an advisory referendum is . 
  and a simple public poll is n't enough ? 
   guess what the reason is for both more people voting for far-left/far-right parties and the amount of people who do n't even vote at all or blanco . 
  if governments would have to go for the popular opinion on every single issue , including international agreements , i do n't want to know what kind of a mess would come out of that . 
  in which countries can people vote for international agreements ? 
  that 's generally reserved for the parliament only . 
  people can demonstrate their anger at the polls during the elections , if they need to .
