  `` oh look , we ca n't raise your 280 $ - pension here , we need to pay a part of greek debts '' . 
  i just think this might give a huge blow to european solidarity and eurozone 's future . 
  hah , that 's the usual reaction from estonians - whether the `` heroes '' abroad are estonians or yestonians ( aka estonian russians ) . 
  writing from finland currently . 
  it 's actually very visible that finland is a nordic country - the cities are well developed , infrastructure is excellent , people are calm and there are no decaying buildings ( something you ca n't avoid in estonia ) . 
  not to mention the wealth and wages ( 1000 $ in estonia vs 3200 $ in finland ) . 
  then there 's the cultural side . 
  if estonians need to group themselves to one set of countries , they often want to choose nordics . 
  that 's because of cold weather , history of danish-swedish occupations and influences and the feel of ` brotherhood ' with finns ( due to language relations ) . 
  well , yeah , similar history , somewhat overlapping influences , similar economies , but then again , balts are not our relatives . 
  noridics , especially finland ( due to proximity and similar language ) , are the most popular emigration destination of estonians . 
  in my opinion , it 's only logical that we try to make our country similar to that where our people leave . 
  also , sweden and finland are more important business partners to estonia than latvia and lithuania . 
  i think the ideal solution would be a wider nordic-baltic cooperation . 
  it 's a campaign to raise the awareness of greece in order to boost tourism . 
   moreover immigrants can not move freely in the eu since the schengen agreement only applies to eu citizens . 
  they can and still are checked and usually send back to the country they entered the eu . 
  only nobody actually checks if the people crossing are eu citizens or not . 
  that 's the thing with schengen . 
   i really doubt tougher measures work , they never do . 
  even then , the situation in our countries will be more attractive to them . 
  why would n't they ? 
  they ( mostly ) did in australia . 
  we can and * should * be an attractive place to get , but it should be clear that we aim talents , not for all the people in the world . 
  also , migration has to be * legal * , both for economic migrants and asylum seekers . 
   unless the root of the problem is faced ( misery in their countries ) this wo n't stop , ever . 
  good luck with that , we could try to stop all military conflicts in the world and ensure world peace as well . 
   the article is about ditching the schengen agreement and will not eliminate the cause either . 
  why wo n't it ? 
  if currently , migrants can freely move in the eu , then without schengen , they need to have their documents checked and possibly rejected at the border . 
  sure , mediterranean countries wo n't gain a lot from it , but others would . 
   the usa have thousands of illegal immigrants from mexico . 
  yet they are not thinking about rolling back their freedom of movement between the states . 
  here in the eu , i 'm not so sure about that anymore . 
  what a `` surprise '' . 
  i wrote about that a bit earlier on / r/europe . 
  we 're having a huge migration crisis and european leaders are absolutely indecisive , failing to find any acceptable solutions to the problem . 
  redistributing the migrants is an absolutely idiotic idea , because it is dealing with the consequences , not eliminating the cause . 
  besides , it will only create additional problems as the problem will be `` exported '' to rest of the eu . 
  yet , only this has been agreed on . 
  sending migrants back , not accepting them ( definitely those who do not have any documents ) , making europe unattractive destination through different measures , even reviewing the `` human rights '' about migration ( it should not be a right for all of the world people to illegally go to europe and get free housing and social support without any contributions ) should be the main priorities . 
  this will not only be a blow to free movement , but the european integration project overally . 
  eu versus usa will soon seem a pointless comparison as the former can not cope with any problems , has ridiculously indecisive leaders and such a weak power that nobody respects . 
  us has huge problems with its foreign policy , but at least they get sh * t done !, 
  yes , need to protect my masculinity and straightness by physically attacking two men holding hands . 
  completely normal , nothing wrong with that ? 
  even though true finns do not represent the majority of finns , i have a feeling their views on this is rather common in finland right now . 
  i think finns are just tired that while their own economy has been struggling for years to exit recession , they need to lend money to greeks for the third time already , while the latter shows rather weak results from the first two ones and not the most cooperative behaviour , not to mention a strong pressure for a debt haircut , meaning finns should partly pay for greece 's debts . 
  that really sound very repulsive , especially during an economic crisis . 
  ^ ( we 're slow :( ), 
   tallinn has a population of 400k and helsinki 1,1 mil , i doubt this would prove financially viable . 
  you 're comparing a city within its municipal borders to a urban area . 
  tallinn urban area is ~ 0.5-0 .6 million . 
  also , they 're both capitals and growing , not to mention the wealthiest regions of both countries . 
  this is not linking two countries , it 's linking two capitals , which is way more viable . 
  yes , but at least they can pay their pensions and salaries on their own , not with european money . 
   stay poor !, 
  well , it 's not * that * black and white . 
  they can be rather wealthy , but just have a social system that provides next to nothing to unemployed people . 
   the `` triumph '' being a recovery to a worse level than pre-crisis . 
  the gdp was back then heavily inflated by huge amount of foreign credit , estonians were borrowing themselves to death . 
  gdp growth rates exceeded that of china . 
  real estate prices doubled/tripled in a few years . 
  that was , in no way , a sustainable thing . 
  taking the bubble-year gdp and then measuring how much the `` economy '' ( aka borrowed credit ) dropped is really not the optimal way , you should also take account the macroeconomic stability indicators . 
  austerity worked because estonia actually exports stuff and our neighbours recovered , meaning foreign trade brought the economy back on track and stabilized the huge trade deficit , it also balanced the economy ( massive loan growth stopped , budget stabilized ) . 
  i 'm quite sure keeping pumping money would have brought an even sharper crash later , possibly something greek-style . 
   ready to provide humanitarian aid even if it means cutting social spending at home somehow i tend to think that there would be an outrage in bulgaria if they actually cut social support to aid greeks . 
  it 's actually bothering me now that tusk is advocating on euro area issues , despite not being from a euro country . 
  exactly , we also need to express our democratic will which the evil eu could not overrule . 
  it 's pretty hypocritical from tusk considering he 's not even from a eurozone country himself . 
  `` yea , you all others , pay for them already , so the crisis would be over without us contributing even a cent . '', 
  should n't the city be called kyiv in english ? 
  at least that 's what ukrainians have told me . 
  not really , russians in baltics have completely disappeared . 
  the * special * parts of poland are at it again . 
  yes - they are our largest trading partner ( not in export , though , sweden has taken the lead there ) , second biggest investor ( after sweden again ) . 
  a lot of finns go to estonia ( cheap alcohol , food ) , they make up a third of all tourists here . 
  also , a lot of estonians work in finland ( due to proximity and higher wages ) . 
  i 'd say finland has the single biggest impact on estonian economy out of all countries . 
  finnish economy has been in decline-stagnation for 3 years in a row , this is the fourth year already . 
  finland wo n't probably recover to their 2008-level gdp by 2018 . 
  they 're experiencing a lost decade . 
  i think it 's quite safe to say that the economy is very weak indeed , not just having a slight correction . 
  yes , finland is wealthy , i 'm not denying that . 
  i 'm talking about the current non-existent economic growth , which finland is struggling with , while rest of eu is growing . 
  finland 's already one of the weakest economic performers in europe now , that will only add to the pains :(, 
  i already imagined how poles must feel seeing the russian flag next to warsaw . 
  at least you got on the map , ~ ~ tallinn ~ ~ [ \u0420\u0435\u0432\u0435\u043b\u044c ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/32/reval,_general_view,_1890_-_1900_-_edited.jpg ) was just a provincial port town of russia ( though mostly estonian and german speaking ) . 
  no need for a visa , it 's part of the eu and eurozone . 
  it 's just a piece of france on another continent . 
  it 's not in schengen , though , so a passport is still required . 
  why would northern greece mock their own country ? 
   who the fuck is getting $ 850 pensions ? 
  where did you read this bullshit ? 
  well , [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/17/greece-pension-crisis-people ) recent article writes of a basic main pension of 713 $ a month + top-up of avg 169 $ - a total of 882 $ , so i do n't think i missed too much . 
   $ 350 will get you much father in estonia than it will in greece . 
  not anymore really - [ eurostat 's 2014 price levels ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/comparative_price_levels_of_consumer_goods_and_services ) show that prices in greece are 86 % of eu average , in estonia , the same number is 79 % . 
  the difference is very small . 
   you 're not seeing your taxes increase across the board while your wages are being slashed and you ca n't say shit because you 're the only person left in your family with a job .
