   let the frustration keep growing until it 's unmanageable ? 
  if catalonia breaks away , it does n't matter for spain anymore , it 's already unmanageable at that point . 
  i 'm not supportive of scottish independence either , so does n't make much difference for me . 
  the price for your own region and spain , you should know better . 
  you can think what are the extent of broken economic links , political chaos , building a new country , possiblity of isolation etc. 
  for rest of europe , it 's another crisis , undermining eu and unity in general , and probably fueling separatism elsewhere . 
  what ? 
  italy was also different kingdoms before it was unified . 
  germany was scrambled eggs with also a few kingdoms in the bunch . 
   if you want to compare spain to somebody that 's the thing , you can compare them to others , but each case is still different . 
  poland-lithuania itself was even formally a dual state . 
  these stupidly simplistic comparisons are not making your point stronger . 
  you 're essentially claiming spain is an empire here . 
  if i went your way and claimed the opposite , then italy , france , germany etc all have their own regions with rather strong identities . 
  let 's support every breakaway region because evil rome , paris and berlin are opressing them !, 
  not to mention such abominations like belgium should never exist . 
  sure , and you all suddenly remembered these horrors just as the debt crisis hit spain . 
  do n't try to pretend linguistic and cultural reasons are the main issue here , you can easily fight for these in eu , and if spain is opressing you , you have eu court system and echr to use . 
  and this is where you 'd see strong support from other countries as well . 
  yes , i 'm from a small country and of course i do n't like bigger countries dominating others . 
  however , that does n't mean i would support all separatist movements everywhere . 
  in fact , i did n't like at all how catalans took the baltic way human chain idea and used it for themselves . 
  it 's not ok to compare being part of spain , a relatively wealthy ( despite unemployment problem ) and free western country to being occupied by ussr . 
  especially considering if this is mainly about not being pleased how catalan tax euros might be going to andalusia or galicia . 
  furthermore , considering the independence support-opposition is 50-50 , it 's really a bad basis for such a drastic move . 
  i 'd be willing to take this way more seriously if support was closer to 75 % , but as of now , it really seems certain political players are exploiting the situation for their own gains . 
  and i feel things like this actually undermine the principle of right to self-determination . 
  you know , estonians are also not a uniform nation . 
  they were historically surprisingly diverse for such a small area . 
  even the language we speak is actually north estonian , with south estonian having not many speakers left mostly in south-east . 
  i support their identity and their language , however , i would consider thoughts of their own country stupid and populist . 
   russia 's principled position is not to meddle in other [ countries ' ] affairs so moscow continues with its tactic of claiming to do the exact opposite of what it actually does . 
  i hope you also care about how damaging all those separatist sentiments in europe could be . 
  not all nations without their own nation state are repressed by evil invaders . 
   people can just get any card from any other eu country . 
  i do n't think they can . 
  the free roaming works only for travelling , it was something like maximally 180 days a year or so . 
  you had so much better option , though . 
  i would have announced that big-hearted czechs will take ** twice ** as many as it promised . 
  it 's just the refugee centre is 1km from german border . 
  then you can act shocked how the poor refugees have such material values and safety is not their # 1 priority , as all of them go to beloved deutschland . 
  too bad your own government heavily pushed for it . 
  also , i still ca n't stand brits whining about eastern europeans . 
  they have the highest employment rates among any migrant groups in uk ( check data [ here ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/resources/briefings/characteristics-and-outcomes-of-migrants-in-the-uk-labour-market/ ) ) . 
  all the while uk has lowest unemployment rate in decades . 
  your economy is more in need of workers than having high unemployment rate , so they are actually benefiting you . 
  plus , i have n't heard of polish terrorists . 
  but hey , reactionary attitude and no analysis , only tabloid headlines , just like how brexit happened . 
  do n't forget you also have one with muslim serbs ... 
  if you have a few cases like that , it 's not a problem . 
  it 's another story if you have hundreds of thousands of them . 
  i know you are overwhelmed by questions now , but could i ask something about harmony ? 
  what are the voter demographics ? 
  how is it seen among russians ? 
  i 'm just asking as i 've had the impression it 's very similar to estonian * keskerakond * ( central party ) . 
  however , the party is visibly split by ethnic lines . 
  majority of voters are russians , but also some estonians , but the party membership seem to be closer to like 50-50 ( and leadership is estonian-dominating ) . 
  it 's now government party and has been fighting with its pro-russia wing . 
  umm ... 
  i know that it 's probably * argumentum ad hominem * , but what 's up with people from not-really-exemplary-minority-policies suddenly calling us fascists and racists ? 
  croatia threw out most of serbs in the country . 
  we only want them to learn the language . 
  how come you criticise us ? 
   i do n't know a single country that did all this aside from the baltics i 'm pretty sure you also do n't know a single european country apart from the baltics that would have suffered such heavy colonization in post-wwii period . 
  basic human rights are granted to every human being here . 
  unlike russia , we also respect the judgements of echr , even if we do n't like the outcome . 
  european countries generally use * ius sanguinis * anyway , so being born in a certain country means next to nothing . 
  it 's the parents ' citizenship that matters . 
  what are you even arguing about ? 
  that was their choice . 
  we opted for continuity . 
  of course an important factor was that lithuania had way smaller ( more integratable ) minorities . 
  and those separatists in eastern ukraine shoot people who were born in the same country . 
  do n't play an idiot . 
  well , the state media does , but its share is not very high , especially among russian-speakers . 
  as for private media , it 's just the vicious circle of russian-speaking community enforcing their own values on to others . 
  you need to employ russians there , who are then going to give it on to other russians . 
  that 's exactly why we absolutely demand them to learn estonian/latvian language , it at least gives some chance to get into the local community . 
  i 'd say it 's more humane to just require learning a language to get citizen than to expel people from their native lands . 
  if we had expelled russians , we would n't have the non-citizen problem . 
  so you think that would have been a more proper solution ? 
  they do n't have citizenship , but they are still issued identity and travel documents . 
  estonia issues [ alien 's passport ] ( https://www.politsei.ee/dotasset//314804.jpg ) to them . 
  but the example is still stupid . 
  republic of estonia also gave every resident a citizenship in 1918 . 
  but that 's the thing , this was in 1918 . 
  the country was created in 1918 . 
  since then , the citizenship has passed * ius sanguinis * to the descendants of citizens . 
  as soviet migrants were not estonian citizens , they did n't get one . 
  that 's the entire logic of it . 
  there are already softened requirements for older people . 
  for example , they can pass the language exam only with oral performance . 
  also , estonian language became the only official language of this area already in 1989 . 
  it 's been 28 years . 
  the sad truth is that even in the media owned by estonians , if it is in russian language , it immediately becomes several notches more pro-russia . 
  also , they often just ommit many `` uncomfortable '' topics , such as deportation of estonians , soviet occupation etc. 
  poland itself expelled every german from the territories it got after wwii . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're bringing a horrible example here . 
  temporarily , mostly , though . 
  but if they find better prospects abroad , why not .
