  maybe arms exports are helping too , i 'm not sure . 
   is leaving the eu partly because of concerns over immigration but that 's directed at poles and other eastern europeans who are `` taking their jobs '' , not at muslims . 
  non-eu immigration is uk 's own responsibility . 
  well , it 's the hungarian forint that has been on a steady depreciation path against the euro . 
  your might be aware of historical events , but your interpretation of today 's events is flawed . 
  there 's absolutely no problems with celebrating victory over nazism here , in fact , we do it every year on 8th may as well . 
  but we do have a problem with how specifically russia does it and how many of them are exploiting it to whitewash soviet crimes and push for today 's russia 's imperialist foreign policy . 
  honestly , does your brain have a piece of code that says { not pro_soviet } = { pro_nazi } or you just ca n't understand that there is a lot of incredibly disgusting russian chauvinism , which , take note , is a very large part of why russia has such shitty relations with its neighbours . 
  and did you see people massively wearing them everywhere in russia ? 
  i 'm pretty sure putin did n't just invent a new symbol out of nothing , but he did bring it to russians ' chests . 
  of course , russia takes symbols from czarist era and then mixes it with soviet union , which were like enemies of each other . 
  but hey , we have former communism builders who are now some devoted orthodox believers . 
  everything goes in russia as long as putin approves . 
  it 's just we do n't have a permanent identity crisis here like russians do . 
  for us , soviet union was never a liberator and it 's not okay to glorify it . 
  we 're also absolutely clear about not being part of russia . 
  the colour combination might have been used in some context in both czarist and communist russia , but the ribbons in such context were introduced by putin . 
  why would you even want to do that ? 
  it 's a good indicator , in my opinion . 
  you see that ribbon , you know you wo n't communicate with that person . 
  sorry , but vandalizing others ' property is not a proper reaction . 
  neither are excessive bans . 
  it 's pointless anyway , they can use so many different things to symbolize the same sentiment . 
  they were introduced by putin in 2005 to allegedly show support for the victoy day of russia ( the day soviets defeated nazis ) . 
  however , it has become more of a symbol of russian chauvinism here . 
  there are plenty of people that also use russian flags , putin t-shirts , `` crimea is ours '' etc. 
  quite a lot of russians in baltics feel the need to emphasize their russian identity all the time . 
  you can imagine locals do n't like that at all and prevalent attitude is something like `` why do n't you live in your dear motherland if you love it so much ? 
  care to explain what are these rights that have been allegedly taken away ? 
  soviet migrants had no estonian citizenship , so there was nothing to take away . 
  sure , their soviet citizenship lost meaning , but that 's because the country collapsed . 
  maybe you 'll ask russia what they did to it ... 
   reading comprehension is clearly not your strong suit . 
  you said the finnish goverment recently pushed for slower wage growth , as their wages are growing faster than in sweden & germany , the implication of course being that this has not been a concern before ( otherwise the finnish goverment would have interfered sooner ) , implying that the wage growth was for long stretches of time lower than the one from the competition , which might have some unfortunate implications for your point with the estonians . 
  where the fuck did you get such implication ? 
  the reasoning was that finnish wage growth outpaced its competitors ' , so it now has to slow down so others could catch up . 
  i really advise to leave alternative facts out of here , even if you feel the need to blame those evil eastern europeans on everything . 
   clearly you did n't stand in front of the line when the brains where distributed . 
  that surely made your point ...  you can move factories abroad when there are no customs and borders , that 's a lot harder with the pub at the corner or the doctor or the supermarket or many other service jobs . 
  are you holding some decades old economy book in hand and are trying to play smart ? 
  have you heard about such thing as call centres moving to india ? 
  it 's even much easier in eu . 
  doctors moving across eu is actually very common , not to mention just using medicinal services in another country . 
   for that you need to invite the rats in your house . 
  such an unbiased attitude , no hate or xenophobia here , really . 
   why not ? 
  who is going to stop us ? 
  i 'm not even sure why i bother to answer to such bullshit . 
  you might realize that if they 're in war , the economy does n't work as usual . 
  they 'll be concentrating on military and well , buying weapons from nato members ? 
   i do n't really give a shit if the russians fuck you in the ass or not . 
  yeah , i kinda got it from your first post already . 
  too bad it would still tear germany down as well . 
  remember , we 're in eu , nato and euro area . 
   at the end of the day all i care about is stop wasting german political and economic capital on keeping them out/protecting you . 
  do n't want to lower your ego or something , but germany is not only a strong underperformer in nato , its part in keeping russia out is close to zero . 
  noone is counting on you . 
   to quote myself : apart from this i still ca n't get over the hilarious hypocrisy of you accusing anyone of xenophobia . 
  `` darkies in need in my house , never . 
  what do mean you do n't like foreigners taking the bread of your people 's plate ? 
  racism ! '', 
  you could make a difference between sceptic attitude towards certain policies and outright hate/xenophobia . 
  if i say that i 'm sceptical about refugees from middle east and africa , it 's the first . 
  if you call eastern europeans rats/parasites , who could be `` fucked in the ass by russia , i do n't care '' and are such a deadweight directly to be blamed for germans ' living standards slow/non-existant growth , that 's hate . 
  a really strong hate , by the way . 
  i hope you do n't choke in your chauvinism , by the way . 
  the explanation behind the decision is rather complex . 
  estonia basically restored republic of estonia which had been occupied in 1940 , so one could argue the soviet immigrants were foreigners anyway who had no reason to get estonian citizenship any other way than through naturalization . 
  so one could argue it was democratic . 
  democratic in the limits of estonian constitution , that is , not as part of some postsovetskaya respublika ( as russia likes to think ) . 
  the reality is that these people are part of estonia . 
  these are the values that are dominating among them . 
  so statistics just reflect reality . 
  it might not be likeable for us , but it 's just what it is . 
  as for foreigners understanding where these come from , i 'd assume majority in this subreddit are aware that estonia and latvia have a big russian minority . 
  they can draw their own conclusions . 
  you mean the soviet-era immigrants ? 
  well , there were quite a few reasons we did not want a massive russian-speaking immigrant community to be deciding for our future , if they ca n't even speak our language and only follow foreign media . 
  but they can , if they want it . 
  hence the naturalization procedure . 
  if they do n't bother , it 's really not our problem . 
  europeans ' trust for trump was below 10 % already during the campaign ( while 77 % for obama ; pew poll ) . 
  that man would have never been taken seriously in europe and he has never enjoyed support from europe . 
  exactly . 
  i 'd never seek anything else than liberal democracy for estonia , yet i would not rule out more autocratic , but stable governments in , for example , the middle east . 
  is it really necessary to bring out how differently most ethnic russians think in * every * single post where values of estonian people are reflected ? 
  well , that was incredibly disappointing indeed . 
  not only because of lack of tolerance , but it also confirmed how their values are formed by putin 's russia and not estonia . 
  somewhat related . 
  pew reasearch center 's recent value survey in central and eastern europe . 
  [ share of people who say homosexual behaviour is morally wrong ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/11/2017/05/05161338/pf_17.05.10_centraleasterneurope_homosexuality420px.png ) . 
  only czech republic is considerably different , for the rest of the region , homophobia is still a standard sentiment . 
  former soviet union is the worst , as expected . 
   the new generation is even more racist and nationalistic than the old one . 
  and you base your claim on what ? 
  opinion polls and value surveys tell the opposite . 
  at least in estonia , that is . 
  do we have to remind you that russia has absorbed a lot of finno-ugric nations ? 
  it 's not a surprise they 've basically become one ( only with a wrong language ) . 
  said no frenchman ever ?
