  estonia , however , tends to [ top press freedom rankings of the world ] ( https://index.rsf.org/#!/ ) when it comes to press freedom and i generally feel that one can openly talk about basically anything here . 
  although , putin 's russia 's state-funded propaganda is often ignored and resisted here ( e.g. 
  propagandists are not allowed into the country ) , but it seems most of the world has agreed that does n't fall under journalism . 
  well , i do n't support the decision itself , but it 's clear that if i made a similar petition about wanting estonia to be annexed by finland , no harm would come out of it . 
  nobody would take it seriously and no behaviour in my past would point that i 'd really mean it . 
  i am very sceptical about the share of people that would actually return , but even that can happen only after war has ended in syria ( as that 's where the majority comes from ) . 
  where do you think they 'll go ? 
  most probably . 
  how do you expect housing prices to fall if germany is expecting to accept nearly 4 million immigrants in the following years ? 
  to feel that , they should actually have a case for that ` another part of the population ' . 
  i do n't think there is any . 
  anyway , i said before that i think this is an over-reaction , and hopefully the decision will be overthrown . 
  the law might not , but the one interpreting it , easily may . 
  besides , when doing a background check , they probably found reasons to believe the wish was sincere , while i hardly believe you could find any swedish-speaking minorities in the country thinking the same . 
  well , one of those countries has recently done something that gives reasons for latvia to worry , while the other one has not . 
  seems quite an overreaction considering the text . 
  i mean :  if latvia returns to russia , all residents of the republic of latvia will have enormous development opportunities - much greater than those available in the european union this alone should have been enough to consider it a joke . 
   the level of pensions and salaries will also become more favourable for living by an order of magnitude . 
  `` share the burden '' . 
  everybody likes to throw that around and yet nobody wants to tell what this means . 
  i , for example , think it 's utterly unacceptable that we should take migrants that arrive in greece , while we have absolutely no control over what happens there . 
  even more , as we can see that almost all migrants target only the wealthiest eu countries , it means we are in no way responsible for the crisis . 
  then we have the issue that borders are still not closed and more and more migrants keep arriving . 
  as there are no viable estimates anywhere , i 'd never agree to take in migrants in numbers i do n't even know and which are poised to increase . 
  oh , and then we could argue that we already have one of the largest share of foreigners in eu , so maybe it 'd be fair to wait for all other eu countries to reach the same share and only then talk about `` fair share '' etc. 
  ouch . 
  i laughed . 
  exactly , if only they had done what russia did with chechnya , we would n't have the foreign occupation problem . 
  this must be the shittiest analogy i 've ever seen . 
  not only are you talking about the same nation , but you also did n't take 20 million homeless people , you merely annexed the territory - they had all the housing and infrastructure ( even if it needed major investments ) . 
  yes , that 's definitely an important point they could be blamed for . 
  i mean , what kind of an idiot would allow russian `` peacekeeping '' forces into their country ? 
  moldova ( transnistria ) , ukraine ( sevastopol ) and georgia ( south ossetia ) all have been dumb enough and paid dearly for it . 
   in our time it is important to show , that patriotism is n't gone among our youths how ironic considering most of the participants seem to be rather old . 
   right after * demanding * compesation ~ ~ to ~ ~ * from * poles and baltic states for ~ ~ invading ~ ~ * liberation * in ww2 and ~ ~ occupation ~ ~ * building them schools and hospitals * after that . 
  there , some compulsory rt editorial here . 
  the thing is that happened in a territory internationally recognized as part of georgia and russia basically invaded the country . 
  i mean , how would russia react if e.g. 
  turkey invaded russia because they need to ` protect chechnya against evil russian invaders ' ? 
  i 'd expect russia to generously compensate ukraine for crimea and the war it 's supporting in eastern ukraine before we can talk about accepting and moving on . 
  too late , baltics are all in and we 're not intending to leave . 
  you 're stuck with us and we 're stuck with you . 
  it would n't make sense for estonia either , considering over 40 % of our foreign trade is with nordics , and they are also the leaders in foreign investments , tourists etc. 
  it seems it 's time for estonia and finland to reclaim their adjacent territorial waters and completely block gulf of finland for third countries . 
  you know , if we go back to purely our own interests and shit ... 
  three years in a row singing about peace and love , to be precise . 
  that 's quite ironic . 
   part in eastern ukraine that is being under ** civil war ** i think it 's debatable how much is it a ` civil ' war and how much a hybrid war . 
  well , * hate * is a strong word . 
  if you heard somebody saying ' i hate estonians ' , you probably would dislike that person already , even if they meant people other than you . 
   yet only just hate the russians ... 
  i just got banned from / r/russia because i said some video about ukrainian far right group smashing russian bank office reminded me of tallinn riots of 2007 ( where mostly russians looted in the city , but i did n't mention it separately ) . 
  basically , i tried to draw their attention to that such behaviour is disgusting anywhere , no matter who the perpetrators are , and it does n't portray the whole nation . 
  oh , well , so much for that . 
  then i went to a theatre to watch a russian play and was reminded that there are very bright and talented people there too . 
  i still absolutely despise the currently dominating chauvinist-putinist rhetorics there , though . 
  i am not pretending i know belarus . 
  i am also completely aware that belarus and russia have very good relations , probably the closest of any others for both countries . 
  i am also convinced that lukashenko 's policies are not the best for belarus and i am saying that i know all belarusians are not like you . 
   you dont even know the subject . 
  you dont know that belarus always tried and want to have deeper economical relations with everyone . 
  that doesnt mean we will stop been allies with russia . 
  there 's a difference between distancing and stopping relations altogehter . 
  i never hinted that the latter would be happening . 
   single country where coup detat or revolution didnt happen and where russian people dont have problems with their rights . 
  now that is surprise-surprise . 
  you 're saying like a revolution would be always a bad thing and yet i consider estonia 's absolutely bloodless revolution a huge success that got us out of this post-soviet mess ukraine , georgia , russia , belarus etc are all struggling in now . 
  also , it 's funny you bring out russian people with their rights . 
  what about belarusian people ? 
  i mean , it 's quite sad how a whole language and culture is being killed like that . 
   do you know that we were and we are still asking russia to give us rockets so we will be able to destroy nato bases around us ? 
   do you know that belarus considers conflict in the ukraine as internal civil conflict ? 
   do you know that we have strengthened border with the ukraine and not with russia ? 
   do you know that belarus and russia again signed a document ( like every 2 years ) about coordination of foreign policy activities and it was belarus who asked russia to do this again ? 
   do you know that we desperately trying to get our military factories right to produce weapons for russia ? 
   no , you dont know all these facts and many many others . 
  is there anything surprising here ? 
  hey , look in the mirror , your country is considered to be the ` last dictatorship in europe ' . 
  it 's ruled by some random kolhoznik-dictator for the third decade in a row . 
  oppositionists are jailed , free media is suppressed , even the universal right for life is not applied there and the economy is based on getting cheap/free natural resources and financial capital from russia . 
  batka knows that and of course , he considers democracies as very dangerous - they can push him out , while russia is the one that keeps them afloat . 
  that does n't mean it would be in the interests of belarus as a whole . 
  where do u get this shit ? ), 
  remember the union state project ? 
   it will be better for belarus eu being destroyed , but if it exists , we need better relations with it . 
  you think we want friendly relations with people that want to see us destroyed ? 
  we 'd rather you go to hell and stagnate in isolation . 
   when will you understand that people dont want closer ties with the west not because of fear of `` russian invasion '' , but because we really like russia and its people ? 
  do n't play an idiot here . 
  we all know belarus is just so heavily russified that many feel that it 's part of russia . 
  i mean , how many are even able to speak belarusian language ? 
  every single western neighbour of russia is now in a more or less hostile relationship with moscow , except for , surprise-surprise belarus . 
  it 's quite clear that a certain country is pursuing an incredibly aggressive and chauvinistic foreign policy and it 's damaging itself like that . 
  all sane countries are distancing themselves fom such madhouse , including kazahkstan and even batka , as much as it 's hard for you to admit that . 
  and we know there was a time in early 1990s when belarus was more about belarus than russia or belarusian ssr . 
  and we have ukraine , lithuania , poland next door . 
  things could change in belarus one day , and the chance for it increases as russia keeps dragging belarusian economy down . 
  switch to year 2014 . 
   then say directly that you are criticizing me for my views , do n't tell lies about belarus being russia 's puppet even though i did not say that ( check my original comment ) , what else belarus is ? 
  i mean batka was crawling up putin 's ass so much that it wanted belarus to be basically annexed by russia a few years ago .
