  obviously could n't allow the same there / s. 
  i mean , i know that you realize that maidan was something more than just some far-right coup like it was portrayed in russian media . 
  there were a lot of people with eu ( and even russian ) flags protesting etc. 
  people condemned the violence . 
  and to be honest , thoese events were hardly surprising . 
  i mean , look at ukraine 's geographical position , with the western part pressing into eu , and its economic prosperity compared to poland . 
  i would also like a change of direction if my country was in such situation . 
  furthermore , i remember very well how the conflict in east really fuelled with russia annexing crimea , and not with euromaidan events themselves . 
  what i think is funny ( or rather tragic ) is how you seem to look finlandization as something positive ( based on all your previous comments ) , like you 'd actually wish finland would return to an era of limited sovereignity . 
  it 's not russian army that 's mainly fighting there , it 's the locals + as you said , `` volunteers '' from russia . 
  russia has certainly assisted them with equipment and possibly with some men , but they did n't openly invade it like crimea . 
  as said here already , russia is not interested in annexing them ( at least at this point ) , they 're better for manipulating ukraine . 
  and this matters how much here ? 
  the views that are spread there are still the same , not matter how rarely they do it . 
  i mean , in 2007 , when estonians relocated a soviet monument , we managed to become most hated nation in russia . 
  i mean , even more than usa . 
  fortunately , only for that year , though . 
  and after ukraine , it only proved russian media has the power to turn russians against anyone . 
   or maybe most people simply saw it for what it was . 
  if most people really ` saw it for what it was ' , how come they were willing to turn their homes into a battleground and failed states ? 
  talk what you want about ukraine , but at least they have some perspective for future life , unlike dnr/lnr . 
  no , it was called `` finlandization '' , being under foreign country 's pressure . 
  it was a forced move , rather than one based on will . 
  because certain political powers in russia decided to exploit the crisis era of 90s and blame it all on the evil west . 
  and they succeeded . 
  so now , they , the domestic heroes are to return russia to its glory . 
  and of course , every true russian supports them and not any pro-western traitor . 
  you do know that finland was under soviet union 's influence at that time ? 
  moscow would decide who 's too anti-ussr to govern finland ( so yes , they could basically ` veto ' ministers in finland ) . 
  finland never said anything hostile against ussr , nor was it allowed to join any bigger western alliances or opinions . 
  if they would have decided otherwise , they most likely would have been occupied . 
  yes , let 's have a referendum in s\u00fcdtirol about rejoining austria . 
  then let 's have one in chechnya , you know , these people spilt blood for independence . 
  i 'd also ask if karelians would like to rejoin finland . 
  oops , that 's right , they 've mostly been expelled and/or russified , so almost none remain . 
  just like with tatars in crimea . 
  but hey , oops no biggy for previous ethnic cleansing and replacing with russians , let 's now vote whether those new russians there want to join motherland or sth . 
  you 're overestimating their thinking . 
  do you think separatists really thought it through when they took up weapons against ukrainians ? 
  of course not . 
  most of these people have low living standards and they get all their information from russian channels . 
  all they have are nostalgic memories of soviet era , when `` life was good '' and victory over nazis , because other than that , life looks bleak . 
  so in their minds , they 'll just be heroes again , like their grandfathers , and defeat the fascists once again . 
  for the glory of motherland . 
  and as russia was getting more aggressive on international scene , some thought moscow would really come back . 
  but of course , it does n't . 
  those in dnr/lnr do n't have any strategic naval base or something moscow desires . 
  some natural resources , maybe , but russia has got enough of it . 
  and russia has enough people , it cares about them the least . 
  for moscow , it 's better to have a tool to manipulate with ukraine . 
  and those poor people thought russia actually cares about them . 
   yeah that sounds reasonable . 
  after all , two wrongs make one right . 
  it 's the same with the refugees - they are here to stay , get used to the fact . 
  the option would just make more sense . 
  if they ca n't live with the pro-western countries , they should move to russia . 
  what use it to become an unrecognized shithole where nobody ever wants to go , like transnistria , dnr , lnr etc have become ? 
  and refugees should be in europe only until their country of origin is safe again . 
  that 's one of the main difference between them and migrants . 
  we should n't provoke them underhandedly either . 
  listen to their concerns and not threaten deportations when it suits us for a start . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   if we were honest , nato itself is an anti russian alliance . 
  they are certainly right to distrust it , also the russian military is decades behind in development of weapons . 
  they feel threatened , and rightly so . 
  it was formed as an alliance against soviet union at first , for sure . 
  but relations with russia were okay-ish in the 1990s and early 2000s . 
  in fact , nato countries decreased their military spending constantly . 
  only with georgia 2008 , and even more so , ukraine 2014 , did relations with russia collapse . 
   the problem is that we are n't even trying to deescalate or exactly understand what is going on - these countries you mention have high ethnic russian populations who are rebelling against perceived discrimination . 
  maybe russia should take those people back , instead of creating failed unrecognized states which are incredibly poor , corrupt and dying . 
  i mean , it 's the world 's largest country after all . 
   now - as you show with your explanation of syria , you do n't mind westerners interfering for some abstract reason ( as if russians do n't have their own ) , but when the russians do it 's reason for ww3 . 
  i do mind , actually . 
  ever since iraq , i think middle east is so fucked up that i would n't risk involving there at all . 
  but it 's not up to me what 's going on there and i merely explained how the nato-russia different attitudes in syria appeared . 
   keeping an anti russian coalition alive , undermine countries where they have naval bases , openly declaring them rivals - not aggressive at all . 
  umm , so we should disband our military cooperation for russians ' feel-good emotions ? 
  i mean , we still have our own interests and we are world 's largest economic bloc . 
  we need security . 
  and when russia is having propaganda war against eu and funding euroscpetics , that 's just normal cooperation , right ? 
   stationing nuclear missiles along the russian border like it 's the 50 's again well , that 's already a stupid lie . 
   constant military maneuvering and showing force as a response of russia occupying 3rd neighbour since collapse of ussr ( moldova , georgia , ukraine ) and annexing part of it . 
   the german chancellor declaring that russia is a `` rival '' you know , russia itself is not treating eu as an ally itself either . 
  furthermore , they 've declared nato as # 1 enemy of russia . 
  germany is a member of nato . 
   the situation in syria where the west were insisting the pro russian government must go at all costs this is not about russia itself at all . 
  this is about getting rid of a criminal dictator , but as the country has turned into an insane warground , the alternative of maybe keeping the dictator so at least islamic state would be defeated is being considered . 
  it 's just do we stand strong with our ideals ( and taking a huge risk of getting another failed arab state ) , or we 're going to pick the lesser evil of the two ( assad before islamic state ) . 
  absolutely none of your points show eu being aggressive or hostile towards russia . 
   the constant fear mongering and open call for war in russia by certain eu officials where the hell have you seen anything like that ? 
  sorry , but russian state media does not tell even half the story . 
  it will just invent some random events or `` facts '' that never happened , if it ca n't twist the story enough . 
  for example , if i learned about estonian economy in russian media , i would find out that we only produce sprats and dairy products , and then we also have the transit part of the economy ( which is only moving russian goods ) . 
  that 's basically it . 
  and of course , we rely mostly on russian market , so because of sanctions , we 're doomed . 
  that 's not , in any way , close to the reality , where estonia is actually most reliant on nordic markets ( over 40 % of exports ) , and biggest export articles are electronics and wood production . 
  trade with russia is less than 10 % ( and most of it being transit , it affects gdp even less ) . 
  furthermore , they ca n't emphasize enough of the ` apartheid regime ' that heavily discriminates russians here . 
  somehow , however , there 's a positive net migration with russia .
