oh wow , kinda unexpected from latvia , but i welcome the man 's decision . 
  a person 's sexual orientation is something they do n't choose nor ca n't change . 
  it 's absurd to discriminate anyone based on that . 
  oh god , just stop with the victimization of russia . 
  the west has no obligations before russia and just because someone , at some point , was supposedly verbally promised something , means absolutely nothing on the diplomatic level . 
  russia , however , has repeatedly broken legal signed documents , one of which granted the territorial integrity of ukraine in exchange of ukraine giving up its nuclear weapons . 
  first of all , nato does n't ` expand ' by itself , it enlarges as more countries join it . 
  if there were no countries wanting to join it , there could be no expansion . 
  secondly , you are so very naive . 
  do you think estonia had better relations with russia before joining nato ? 
  nope , already then the relations were bad . 
  joining nato did not trigger a worsening of the relations , instead , estonians ' decision to move a soviet army monument from central tallinn to a cemetery back in 2007 did . 
  do n't you get it ? 
  nato is not the cause , but reaction to the bad relations . 
  russia is still not able to accept its lost territories , especially baltics , which used to be part of soviet union , but have now become completely western . 
  it is not capable of thinking estonia as an equal partner , it still sees it as a former territory . 
  just as it is with ukraine . 
  ughh ... 
  i did n't like the design at all , but at least they made $ 1 and $ 2 topographic , which is kinda interesting i guess . 
  still , the cents could then have something else on them . 
  latvian coins look really good , to be honest . 
  thank god that not all west thinks like that . 
  otherwise , i 'd probably live in estonian socialist soviet republic and i 'd most probably spoke only russian by now . 
  oh naive me , thinking that joining military alliances was a completely free option for independent countries and the opinion of a country that illegally occupies and annexes european territories in 21st century and that ca n't still get over its long-lost territories , was the last thing taken into consideration in such questions . 
   while i disagree with the `` most '' part , it is this part of the population that is somewhat scary . 
  well , the younger generation seems to be improving , for sure , it 's just there are so much more oldies , 
  i 'd say that , unfortunately , the situation is quite bad . 
  most baltic russians tend to consume only russian media and that on every thinkable level - russian newspapers , internet sites , russian mail service , russian social media , even freakin ' russian search engines . 
  a lot of them live mentally in russian federation and what is worse , they tend to be even more pro-putin than russians of russia ( !!!, 
  ) , at least by how local russian citizens vote . 
  it should be easy to understand that this situation can only be fixed by teaching russians the official languages of baltics and including them in baltic/western media . 
  we can never compete with a 140-million country in russian media . 
  still even today , russian-language schools are publicly funded in all baltics and even slightest attemps to convert them to estonian/latvian/lithuanian are constantly criticized by russia . 
  i think we should ignore them and finally do it , we will never break the pro-russia attitude if we ca n't cut them out of russian media . 
  we have seen that . 
  you really think [ this ] ( http://g3.nh.ee/images/pix/900x585/4494aec1/balti-jaam-66354636.jpg ) is more beautiful than [ this ] ( http://www.kooraste.eu/public/galleries/vanad/.gallery_pictures/tallinn_balti_jaam.jpg ) ? 
  must be our different tastes then ... 
  nope , balti jaam is the worst central railway station in the northern europe at least . 
  it 's basically a hobo-magnet and a 90s style ` flea market ' combined , which just unfortunately happens to be a stop for trains aswell . 
  and why should we blame you for it ? 
  it 's the result of the idiotic city government . 
  maybe except for the fact that soviets just ruined the historical building and converted it into a boring and plain box . 
  this architecture competition was about the general idea , not the final look . 
  oh , and i 'm not a fan of the idea , i have to admit . 
  there should be a roof covering all the railway platforms and the fact that this would be the final stop of rail baltic aswell , it does n't look too suitable . 
  this has nothing to do with political correctness or the west . 
  it 's just a bad and a biased article . 
  in general , immigrants are more prone to crime . 
  russian-speakers make up 2/3 of estonia 's prison population . 
  the worst serial killer in estonia illegally swam over narva river from russia to estonia to commit his crimes . 
  still , i would consider people generalizing that to all russians just idiots . 
  i 'm sad . 
  i 'm quite sure that if it there was a democratic and free-willing reunification , it would be supported by the eu and other international organisations , it 'd improve romania 's attractiveness among investors and increase stability in the region . 
  hell , we ca n't abandon a population just because they 're so poor . 
  if they want changes , they should be given the opportunity . 
  it could even be harmful to left moldova out due to the danger of instabilities . 
  spain and portugal were accepted to the eu mainly for these reason ( and of course , the ideal of unified europe ) . 
  actually , i do n't get it why majority of moldovans reject the idea of reunifying with romania . 
  romania 's gdp per capita is many times higher , moldova would also get to join eu ( and then probably also schengen area ) and nato . 
  it 's like killing three birds with one stone . 
  moreover , they do speak the same language , despite russification attempts in moldova , and use practically same symbols . 
  the only one who would n't like this , would be kremlin . 
  another former colony that woud join the evil fascist west . 
  oh , churches . 
  i like [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b2/tartu_pauluse_kirik_2008.jpg ) one in tartu , estonia . 
  it 's by a famous finnish architect eliel saarinen . 
  that 's a very simplistic , if not even childish view on the world politics . 
  if russia 's annexation would n't be recognized by anybody , would be always marked as part of ukraine , and crimea could n't represent russia or anything related to russian federation , then it would n't be just a territory of russia . 
  russia may have its army there , formally on the maps of rf , but it would n't work as a russian territory , it 'd be a disputed area and it would always have troubles trying to act as a russian territory . 
  more like how every country in the 19th century was . 
  today , the world is a bit more civilized and there 's room for small countries aswell . 
  if you happen to have decent neighbours , of course . 
  do n't feed the troll ... 
   yes , there may be few short distances where 240kmph speed may be possible you just said previously that ` there will be no 240km/h speeds anywhere ' . 
  of course it wo n't be 240km/h everywhere , that 's the maximum speed . 
  heheh , i 'm quite sure they would have thought about that if it was a documentary . 
  uhmm ... 
  i have n't heard of any sanctions or condemnations by fifa . 
  or does it really sound right to you that some organizations have to sacrifice some income in order to be righteous , while others use it to their advantage ? 
  and did it help at all ? 
  the nazi politics got even worse and we had a freakin ' world war !, 
  such big events should not be given to oppressive regimes to white-wash their image . 
  * it is just politics * is a really demagogical saying . 
  it sounds like we 're talking about some mild right vs left oriented questions , while actually these * just politics * have killed thousands of people , forced millions to leave their homes and repressed whole societies . 
  unfortunately , it seems that the international media seems to disagree : [ railway gazette ] ( http://www.railwaygazette.com/news/infrastructure/single-view/view/rail-baltica-agreement-signed.html ) oh , even lithuanian media ? 
  [ delfi ] ( http://en.delfi.lt/nordic-baltic/baltic-pms-sign-agreement-on-rail-baltica-joint-venture.d?id=65138981 ), 
  oh then we should never ever punish anyone saying anything about nazi germany in the football arena . 
  it 's just * politics * , right ? 
  sorry , i do not find the mistake here . 
  showing an occupied territory as part of the occupying country is pretty much saying that . 
  `` oh , come on , annex it if you want , we wo n't do anything to you , in fact , we 'll even update our maps for you . '', 
  still , that does n't mean that we should just accept it and move along . 
  it 's basically saying directly to agressive regimes that you can do whatever you want to weaker neighbours , as long as you have oil money and enough power . 
  i partly wish that both fifa 2018 russia and fifa 2022 qatar would be completely boycotted by the west . 
  maybe those corrupt and greedy bastards from fifa would then actually react . 
   because it 's rushed and not thought through . 
  it might be many things , but most certainly not rushed . 
  it 's one of the longest projects here , even signing the company has been delayed multiple times . 
   it 's not about profit . 
  it 's about fact that already existing railway costs so much for taxpayer .
