  they want to be important again , like during soviet times . 
  but they 're not . 
  they even know it themselves , yet ca n't admit it . 
  they have aligned with china , which is a rising power and one most similar to soviet union . 
  we have waited for decades so that russia would finally start showing signs of finally accepting the collapse of su , as well as the fact that su was an agressor in europe ( especially in baltics ) , not the `` liberator '' they claim to be . 
  but this is not happening . 
  it is only getting worse . 
  much worse . 
  well , it would n't be a bad choice actually . 
  poland is also a rather important country for us . 
  definitely most of them , i 'd say at least 3/4 . 
  it 's because we still have tens of thousands of russians who have n't learnt estonian and thus estonians need russian in quite a lot of places . 
  i do n't like it , actually . 
  i think russians here should do their one basic job - learn the language and estonians massively learning russian is n't helping . 
  what is more , there should be more alternatives to russian as 2nd foreign language . 
  after all , our largest trading partners are finland , sweden and germany . 
  biggest source of tourists - finland . 
  russia has lost its importance . 
  also , i do n't think it 's good for our competitiveness to only know russian ( along with english ) . 
  instead , some should speak swedish , some german , some finnish and some russian etc. 
  i speak estonian ( native ) , english ( c1 ) , russian ( a2 , i guess ) and planning to study swedish . 
  it has even beed sold at 0.47 $ at some cheaper stores ( grossi ) . 
  it 's probably more of a retail fight as global sugar prices have been rising since january . 
  food does n't cost here the same as in finland . 
  it 's some urban legend . 
  if you compare the prices of basic domestic food ( milk , bread , potatoes , drinks ) , it 's much cheaper here . 
  import products ( mainly vegetables , fruits ) are the ones that have no big price differences , though e.g. 
  mars and snickers is still cheaper here . 
  first of all , he 's a security police officer , which operates in the country and not across the borders . 
  he was supposed to investigate a cross-border crime , that 's why he was near the border . 
  what proof we have that it happened in estonia ? 
  usage of smoke grenade , blocking radio signals and signs of struggle on the ground . 
  why would fsb do that in their own country ? 
  motive ? 
  kohver has been repeatedly mentioned in russia as a ` hostile ' person . 
  who knows what was he investigating . 
  also , obama 's visit may have triggered a ` demonstration of russia 's power ' . 
  what is annoying is that we have n't heard anything from the man himself and russia is not allowing estonia to even meet him . 
  that seems incredibly suspicious . 
  our president has no real power and prime minister is without doubt the most important figure in the country . 
  however , in diplomatic relations and representation of the country , the president has an important role . 
  actually , a county of estonia - ida-virumaa ( the historic part of virumaa county , where finns , for example , got their name for estonia - ` viro ' , was massively populated by russians in soviet times ) wanted to claim ` independence ' during that period too to ` protect ethnic russians ' . 
  of course , they `` forgot '' that it was actually a historic part of estonia and they were actually immigrants there , despite being a majority now . 
  nowadays , ida-virumaa is significantly richer than neighbouring russian provinces and separation sentiments have dimnished . 
  southern estonia can into agriculture , northern estonia can into industry . 
  i do n't think it 's up-to-date data , afaik , toyota and \u0160koda are the top-selling brands here . 
  for example , she recently visited moscow where she said : `` russia emerged totally willing to work toward ` an immediate bilateral and unconditional ceasefire ' '' . 
  oh , and she thinks russia should be included in ukraine-eu talks . 
  i do n't think that 'd be normal considering the circumstances . 
   from an outside perspective there seems to be just as much people in eastern europe who want to expand this into a nato war as there are extremists in russia who want the final showdown . 
  if not more . 
  this entire subreddit constantly bangs the war drums in the same fervour the us did after 9/11 . 
  of course there are people who want response to russia , including militarily . 
  mostly aid to ukraine . 
  this does n't mean they want an all-out war . 
   if this is some morality bullshit about ukraine , a non-nato member , or about the evils of war itself , then why do all these eastern european countries and others happily join america on whatever next war they make up ? 
  because nato is the only viable security option for them and usa is the biggest member of it . 
  btw , i sense anti-americanism here . 
   at the end of the day ukraine is a non-nato member which had a revolution against an elected regime and is now facing civil strife in what was already a very divided country . 
  this is n't the kind of shit that needs nato to be the aggressor for just because people want revenge or expansion . 
  i do n't think you realize that russia has a huge role in ukraine 's `` civil war '' . 
  i could say that without russia , there 'd be no conflict in ukraine at all . 
  and nato agressor ? 
  what ? 
   let the russians attack first , if they will . 
  who even said anything about attacking russia ? 
  this is about protection , not offense . 
  well this is definitely the biggest bs i 've read on reddit so far . 
  i think this kind of cr * p could be shown in russian extremist media to justify russian agression in ukraine and then expand it into the baltics , for example . 
  i mean , those evil fascist warmongers should be taught a lesson , right ? 
  let 's [ liberate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_the_baltic_states ) them again . 
   glad to see federica was nominated in spite of the fear mongering tactics used by eastern europeans . 
  expect to see more friction unless mogherini cuts back on her pro-russia rhetoric . 
  security must come before economy . 
  yes , because it 's totally normal in 21st century europe for a former superpower with complexes to attack and annex territories of its smaller neighbours . 
  nothing to see here . 
  by just looking at the map , you can tell that baltics are most open to attacks from russia . 
  estonia , for example , is working very hard to get permanent nato bases here , it 's one of the few nato countries spending 2 % of gdp on defence which is probably the reason for obama choosing estonia . 
  current events in ukraine give an excellent excuse to respond to russian agression by boosting nato 's presence here . 
  tomorrow is the 20th anniversary of last russian troops leaving estonia . 
  the memories of last occupation are still so fresh that russia could never convince estonia or baltics in ` neutrality ' . 
  as swedes and danes did n't get along very well , swedes made an opposite flag of denmark - blue ( = water that distinguishes fire = red ) background and golden ( better than silver ) cross . 
  then norway , finland and iceland followed the trend . 
  was it like that ? 
  it has , not much , but it has . 
  spain 's and portugal 's unemployment are already decreasing , greece 's too , albeit very slowly . 
  eu budget makes up less than 1 % of its gdp and even though eu funds are a great help to poorer eu members , they still make up less than 4 % of any member 's gdp . 
  it 's really not that much . 
  as [ this ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/2-29082014-bp/en/2-29082014-bp-en.pdf ) graph shows , the inflation is so low mainly due to falling food and energy prices and the ` core inflation ' ( excluding food and energy ) has actually increased from 0.7 % in may to 0.9 % in august . 
  this probably means that ecb might still wait until more actions are taken to increase inflation . 
   no real support to the non-member of eu . 
  huilo is not that insane to go after eu . 
  since 99 % of politicians in russia have property in europe . 
  unfortunately , it seems that anti-european/anti-western sentiments have skyrocketed to unseen levels and russians might accept their losses only to please their saviour putin . 
  remember last time putin was this popular was during georgian war in 2008 . 
  it 's a bit of over-simplification . 
  i 'm sure that in estonia 's case , over half of the professionals have gone to finland and most of them are probably doctors and nurses . 
  what is more , lots of doctors work in estonia and finland at the same time . 
  i do n't think that lithuanians working in uk can do the same , for example . 
  but yeah , professionals going to finland is a big problem here .
