  not in 2010 , or not even 2011 , in 2012 . 
  no joke , actually . 
  slovakian economy has grown most in eu in the past two decades . 
   who think we want independence because we `` want to stop giving money to poor regions of spain '' . 
  and that 's it . 
  period . 
  well , your recent surge in support for independence does coincide exactly with spain 's debt crisis . 
  would you say the same about chechnya , mordovia , karelia and countless other republics in russia ? 
  how 's this even `` being on our side '' ? 
  it 's human trafficking we 're talking about , it should generally be condemned by any civilized nation . 
  the point was that russia does not have anything in particular to win from this , other than that , you know , making europe worse . 
  if we followed your logic , we should also , e.g. 
  block any cooperation on fight with terrorism ( under which russia also suffers ) because it `` benefits our enemies '' . 
  and where have you deducted that eu and russia are now enemies ? 
  nothing like that is coming from even putin 's remarks . 
  why is russia trading with europe ? 
  why are they selling gas to enemies ?!, 
   same thing goes for eu . 
  absolutely , nothing that would benefit russia . 
  nope . 
  [ no cooperation ] ( http://www.estoniarussia.eu/ ) , they are our [ enemies ] ( http://www.sefrcbc.fi/ ) after all . 
  i guess i should n't even expect a * serb * to know anything about civilized neighbour relations . 
  ^ ( continuing the generalization tradition . ), 
  what also matters is that as long as russia thinks it has any rights over its neighbouring territories , these `` interests '' will not be respected . 
  yes , we want cooperation with russia . 
  we want cooperation with as much of the world as we can . 
  however , we 're not desperate for it , we wo n't do it at any price . 
  russia is the one who 's midget when compared with eu . 
  it 's them that will lose more . 
  eu works against russian interests , such as invading its neighbours and annexing parts of them . 
  russia works against eu interests , such as sanctioning people smugglers . 
  yes , totally the same thing . 
  seriously , you 're getting lazy at this `` you 're no better than them '' thing . 
  at least bring examples how eu masterminded all the maidan events or something ... 
  the difference in living standards between estonia and latvia are tiny . 
  considering your average latvian should also be able to speak a very different language , they 're better off in latvia . 
  that said , i know there 's some regional migration in the border town of valga/valka , where you can switch country within the same town , so you 're almost in latvia anyway . 
   finalnd is wealthier but has a higher unemployment rate your average net wage goes from latvian 650 $ to estonian 950 $ , but it would at least triple in finland or germany . 
  maybe if there was no language barrier , it would work , but as it is , estonia is so much poorer alternative to wealthy eu countries . 
  please tell me about the other european medias that would come even close to such a `` journalism '' standard that is russia . 
  photoshopping images , producing video frames of artificial events , just blatant lies etc just to get a story that kremlin wants . 
  already a fresh [ story ] ( http://ren.tv/novosti/2017-07-04/nacizm-posle-smerti-na-kladbishchah-v-estonii-zapretyat-horonit-russkih ) about estonia `` going to ban burial of russians '' . 
  that 's after we apparently banned speaking russian . 
  or put you onto a special blacklist because you 're a russian , or you like russia . 
  how come we fascists are allowed to do all this evil things here ? 
  the eu is letting us to do all that !!!, 
  the state media journalism in russia is not even journalism . 
  it 's just a propaganda factory , a tool for information warfare , and nothing more . 
  let 's call things how they really are . 
  look , riga is historically estonian !, 
  this is an eu and nato member we 're talking about . 
  people are not expecting russia to invade . 
  unfortunately , the emigration and natural decrease combined have resulted in significantly lower amount of fertile age women , so the population decrease is quite certain to continue . 
  only if the fertility rate would increase above 2 , combined with some net immigration , could the trend be slowly reversed . 
  western europe is n't in a too much different position , but immigration is constantly compensating the trend . 
  now i 'm imagining got dubbed in russian with exactly such names ... 
  of course they exist . 
  this is the historical pribaltiskiy region of russia you 're talking about . 
  `` baltics '' is just the fancy western burgeois nationalist name for it . 
  and well , finlandiya was an autonomous region of russia that 's currently run by western forces , but one day the rightful reds will return . 
  first you need to recover to your previous peak which was in 19th century ... 
  i see you have been into the infamous russkiy mir ( ` russian world ' ) . 
  see , things do n't work there the same way they do here . 
  a few examples about the rules of that place : * say you happen to have a noticeable russian minority in your country . 
  if you do n't kill your national language and replace with russian ( see belarus ) , you are a nationalist state . 
  after all , why should russians learn some pointless rural tiny irrelevant dialects if they already speak such an important language ? 
  * if you do n't praise soviets , you are a nazi . 
  why do n't you support all the sacrifices they made to liberate europe ? 
  * if you do n't like putin , you are a russophobe . 
  after all , you support all the sufferings that russians had in 90s that way . 
  putin put an end to that misery all by himself . 
  * europe is controlled by usa , that 's why they do n't get along with russia . 
  we have never invaded neighbours , georgia invaded us , and we only liberated crimeans who democratically voted to become part of russia . 
  also , we only keep peace in transnistria . 
  what is more , why is nato next to * our * borders ? 
  why do they poke the bear ( that is totally peaceful , by the way ) all the time ? 
  * did i forget something ? 
  ukrops , fascists , american lapdogs . 
  gayrope , muh family values , china is totally our # 1 buddy , west is evil . 
  and so on . 
  damn iceland and its tourist boom . 
  slovakia has border with ukraine , which is a non-eu country . 
  although , true , their capital is at the western edge . 
  i would n't count e.g. 
  austria as a border country as switzerland is in schengen . 
  interestingly enough , estonia and slovakia are both one of the most eu-dependent countries when it comes to trade , even though both are also border countries of eu . 
  eu contributes to global warming far less than usa or china these days . 
  and this migration wave is not even result of climate change , that 's only predicted to happen in the future . 
  still , belarus is probably the least free market in europe right now , excluding some unrecognized entities like transnistria . 
   after the ussr collapsed they went through the transition to a free market economy similar to other post-soviet counties it 's difficult to call the system of belarus today as free market economy . 
  is n't like half of the economy still controlled by the state ? 
  basic costs such as utility are still subsidized by the state ( adds a lot to energy inefficieny ) . 
  even the labour market does n't function properly as the state still just creates jobs out of air like in soviet era , instead of the standard balance of offer and demand , not to mention actually fining unemployed people , instead of supporting them . 
  belarus is more capitalist today than communist , yes , but i would n't rank it as a free market . 
  i have not done any thorough reasearches about the generalplan ost , but i 've heard that germans planned to colonize estonia with some 200 ' 000 germans and deport some estonians to siberia . 
  instead , we got colonized by 400 ' 000 russians and some estonians were deported to siberia . 
  the comparisons about who might have been worse are stupid anyway , but the point is that soviets did not do much different than what nazis * planned * . 
  that 's why treating soviet operations in baltics as `` liberation '' in any way triggers us so much . 
  i see only a single commenter with russian flair . 
  no need to generalize .
