  it does n't matter . 
  european commission ca n't just ignore the sentiments in europe and they are , in fact , way more far-right than just a few years ago , and we 're talking about france ( fn ) , germany ( pegida ) , uk ( ukip ) etc not some random tiny cee countries . 
   it softens the blow for countries who are now taking everyone because of their geographic desposition . 
  countries that by the way helped estonia 's development . 
  they should not take everyone , that 's the thing !, 
  as italy does not dare to send illegals back , it makes the quotas even worse - other countries will be responsible for italy 's decisions . 
  eu should take a strict approach here , delayed and weak responses are not going to help . 
  illegals must be sent back even if some humanitarian movements demand otherwise - it 's so easy to sit in new york ( for example ) with your fat ass and demand africans to be accepted , but it 's not you who will have to find them a job and integrate them , so they wo n't become new isis fighters . 
  if you * force * migrants onto a society , do you really expect a welcoming attitude ? 
  not to mention that this does not solve the problem we 're having - illegal immigration - at all . 
  i think european commission has gone full retard with this plan , it has a potential to bring a new wave of popularity to already popular far right movements around europe , as they can now show `` evil brussels wanting to destroy our nations '' etc. 
  instead of solving the migration issue ( = stop accepting illegal migrants , send them back ) , redistributing it to all the member states will only make it worse - it increases xenophobia , euroscepticism and gives a signal to migrants that it 's recommended to come here , we 'll take even more . 
  if we 're going to `` share '' problems , why not share our low wage problems aswell . 
  this is a gigantic issue still in cee . 
  maybe italians should start paying part of their wages to estonians , so they 'd `` share '' the issue . 
  we need help and it 's solidarity , right ? 
  i guess this is the household price as the state taxes are included ? 
  edit : yes , checked , this is the household price . 
  well , estonia took strict austerity measures back in 2009-2010 , and our ranking of education , at least by pisa score , rose to 2nd in europe by 2012 . 
  austerity works if others around you are not doing the same - your economy will rebound on export . 
  otherwise , it will be a depression due to lack of demand for everybody . 
  i do n't think you understand what russophobia means . 
  you ca n't equal russian culture , language , people etc with today 's putin 's russia . 
  the latter is definitely not a great partner for us and we have huge issues with them , even more so after the events in ukraine . 
  just a fun fact - we have currently a viral hashtag in estonia #absurd which is , in fact , ** against ** russophobia . 
  copied after a dumb far-right politician , it is used to show that anything related to russia/russians is not acceptable ( in a sarcastic way ) . 
  for example :  was going to make a sandwich . 
  opened my fridge and only saw `` russian cheese '' ( a popular cheese here ) there . 
  closed it . 
  continued to starve . 
  hey , you bribed the organizers - you had better performing spot and jury gave you higher points , while in reality , * the people * liked us more which is proven by the telephone votes . 
  actually , i also gave a vote to your song . 
  it 's not up to me how people react , i only said i did n't like creating fake reactions to the songs . 
  then let 's agree to disagree . 
  in my opinion , creating a fake atmosphere is n't a solution to the problem - it 's just hiding it . 
  i really would feel more distanced if they start `` correcting '' the reactions from the audience , only even more of the fake `` everything is okay , we are all friends here '' attitude they 're trying to push for . 
  the booing was n't too fair to the girls , but hey , this was the first time something like this happened and also the first time when one of the participants was invading another european country . 
  having a reaction to this is n't exactly a shocking surprise . 
  well , not that type of modern alternative music , for sure . 
  i just meant that i would n't have expected such song from latvia , that 's all . 
  i did n't mean anything bad with it . 
  uhmm ... [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6pzwn6ditk ) ? 
  of course you are as we 're going to see greece and cyprus swapping 12s again :d, 
  all baltics in the final , that 's a good night ... 
  your song was very ... 
  un-latvian ? ... 
  in a good way . 
  really different and i liked it . 
  are you fu * king kidding me ? 
  the way how people like you equal putinists and russian nation/language/culture / country is so sick and reminds me only of a very well known personal-cult agressive regime of 1930s . 
  you know why nobody wants to be actually `` friends '' with russia ? 
  because `` friend '' in today 's russia is something completely different from that of other countries . 
  in russia , if you do n't agree with putin 's views , you are a fascist . 
  you may love russia 's music , films , language etc , but the only thing that matters if you shout `` za putina !, 
  za rossiya '' on red square or not . 
  ukraine is our `` brother nation '' ? 
  oh , they do n't want to be part of russia 's union and seek eu instead - fascists , let 's invade and annex their territories . 
  let 's get on with the evil fascist pribaltika , shall we ? 
  you see , estonia actually has quite deep connections with russian culture . 
  it 's only logical as we 're neighbours . 
  i mean , we have russian church right next to our parliament and russian cultural centre right next to freedom square . 
  but hey , we 're russophobic fascist shithole because we 're not bowing to today 's putinist russia 's `` values '' ( that means nationalism , chauvinism , glorification of sovet union , attacking minorities , supressing freedom of press etc ) . 
  that zombified society you have is not attractive , and you are a clear example of that . 
  i recently learned that anastasia prikhodko , who represented russia in eurovision 2009 in moscow , actually vowed to never perform in russia again due to its actions in ukraine . 
  i mean if something like that happened in my country , i 'd be seriously worried . 
  but no worries , labelling her `` fascist '' works as a charm i guess , like for every other enemy of putin . 
  then we had booing last year for russia 's `` peace song '' . 
  this year , there 're special techniques to censor the same thing . 
  now i do think that polina gagarina should not be shamed for its country as she seems like a great person , but i also find it ridiculous how everybody is trying to act like it 's completely normal and only marshmallows and unicorns in europe , even by censoring the real feelings . 
  it 'd be a real cherry on the cake if russia won the contest . 
  i can already think of next year 's topic then - something about love , peace and friendship . 
   the point is that if you are in a foreign country , you should have no right to complain . 
  well that 's what i call a pearl . 
  just do n't ever leave estonia because finns might stab you , latvians may steal from you etc but you have no right to complain . 
  yeah , no . 
  if you have foreign army on your territories , it 's never as simple as saying `` we quit '' . 
  i think the 1991 coup attempt was a clear testimony to that as tanks rolled on streets of tallinn , riga and vilnius , not to mention the tanks crushing people in vilnius , omon murders in riga and so on . 
  yep , that 1.3 million people are definitely going to invade st. petersburg or something , we 're such a superpower . 
  russian schools are not bad at all here , the difference between estonians and russians is relatively small . 
  estonian russian pupils rank better than russian federation pupils . 
  the key problem with language is if those people are unable to master estonian , they are either isolated to their own world , or just leave , meaning we wo n't be benefiting from their skills and knowledge . 
  would you ever consider belarus joining eu possible ? 
  it is , but that 's the thing - we 've not even solved those issues with russians , adding asylum seekers is n't exactly something the population is eager for . 
  estonia and latvia suffered from such huge immigration waves during soviet occupation which could also be named as colonization - nearly a million russians migrated to these two countries alone ( in latvia , for example , latvians became a minority in their own capital city ) that even forcing * one * person to take will result in a huge outrage . 
  besides , estonia and latvia continue to be the countries with most foreigners in eu according to eurostat . 
   nobody appreciated it . 
  say what ? 
  we even opened a memorial relief of yeltsin in tallinn for that . 
  that was probably the only era in recent history when we had somewhat decent relations with russia . 
  even before that party got into the parliament , i predicted that nothing good will come out of them , only scandals . 
  seriously , their main campaign revolved around how the evil imperialistic west is imposing evil pro-gay views on us and we must resist !, 
  ( the fact that they themselves have suspicious connections with `` family protection '' movement that has links with french counterpart is conveniently ignored , west is only evil as long is it against * our * views . ), 
  what else is there ? 
  oh yeah , `` black people should n't bet let in estonia '' ( the words of one of the leaders of the party ) . 
  then also their extremely suspicious youth movement that has connections with swedish neo-nazis etc , have sayings like `` estonia for estonians '' , organize torch-marches etc. 
  a perfect tool for putin 's propaganda to show the `` rise of neo-nazism in fascist baltics '' . 
  at least previously they had to fabricate some lies , but now , we have our own bunch of idiots doing the work for them . 
   it 's not a brand new story , it has been going for years . 
  macedonia is likely to experience more of such clashes because of its demographics . 
  macedonian slavs are on course to become minority and albanians a majority in the following decades , if birth rates do n't change drastically .
