  you do n't even have to look at it . 
  it 's actually the same as covering up your daughters ' portraits on the wall because the guest lives in a culture where women must not show their faces . 
  whatever is told about how rome is having some financial troubles , ca n't keep its streets clean etc , i 'd say this is the best indicator of how low has rome fallen . 
  also , let 's be honest , a `` culture '' which finds freakin ' 2000 year old historical statues of humans ' natural bodies offensive , is a backwards culture by any means . 
  i 'm quite sure portuguese have no reason to suspend schengen with spain , or latvians with lithuania , or slovaks with czech republic etc. 
  i specifically picked such an egoistic tone to show how the current situation is probably the least harmful for us among eu and yet we 'd like to see the strictest response . 
  but obviously we can always point to me being from eastern europe , which should n't play a role here , but it does , for some reason . 
  anyway , if we played the `` you should pay back what you got from eu '' , i 'm afraid whole greece should be sold to brussels to even get close to paying back all it has received . 
  and silly me thought eu was firstly a union for europeans and secondly , that it had some european values . 
   the right to asylum is a human right . 
  the question is that is it a human right to shop your favourite welfare state for asylum target ? 
  i 'd like to remind that europe is not the only safe place so imposing a limit would not be removing their right to asylum in general . 
   in theory , all we need in order to legally be able to deport 99 % of new arrivals is for the conflict in syria to subside . 
  at that point , anyone claiming to be syrian will be sent right back to syria . 
  you 're right to say in theory , because we all know only a fraction would return . 
   overall , the likelihood of a demographic apocalypse in europe is extremely low at this point . 
  a demographic collapse is haunting southern europe today with them already having the lowest birth rate in the entire world and their populations are inevitably going to enter a drastic decrease in the near future . 
  the east is not much better and rest of europe is mostly better on the account of immigrants ' fertility rates . 
  eu 's population would already be in natural decrease if we left out uk , and even with uk it may not last even the decade . 
  some statistics to compare . 
  the entire 28 member bloc of eu had about 5 million births last year . 
  compare that to nigeria 's 6.4 million alone . 
  or let 's take a closer example , egypt with over 2 million . 
  note that the two latter numbers are inevitably going to increase massively due to increasing number of fertile women , while eu 's will decrease for the opposite reason . 
  i do n't want to be the doomsayer here but we 're quite fucked demographically already . 
  now immigration could be a part of the solution but obviously we 'd want people that would integrate easily , that would contribute . 
  seeing the example of france , belgium , sweden etc so far would indicate this has been largely unsuccesful . 
  and these are mostly even legal migrants !, 
  we already have way worse immigration policy than usa , for example , and i 'm not very eager to let millions randomly in . 
  this wo n't end up positively , i 'm sure of that . 
   i do believe that the silent majority of europeans will say the same in response to any `` solution '' that tries to mess with our basic rights in any way . 
  you are over-estimating people 's feelings about this . 
  why would an average european care if they see illegal immigration declared to not be a human right in order to curb welfare shopping ? 
  on the opposite , i 'm sure a lot of people have so negative opinions of this and would support it . 
  what is more , i see an increasing amount of people arguing there 's a thin line between massive illegal immigration and an outright invasion . 
   at which point does it become acceptable to watch thousands drown trying to get to europe we could argue that if they would know they ca n't get into europe , the number of those who die trying would actually decrease . 
   our priority has to be to ensure that middle eastern conflicts are frozen , by force and indefinitely , if necessary . 
  at this point , the west can not afford these countries trying to `` solve their own problems '' , and the hands-off approach definitely does n't work any more . 
  northern and sub-saharan africa needs to be placed under the same kind of oversight . 
  again , that would require more eu integration , us being willing to participate , and eu being willing to back up us militarily with equal effort . 
  that 's something near science fiction to be honest . 
  even if europe actually got so much power and money ( together with usa ) to control all those conflicts , do n't you think it would inevitably result in many groups there feeling opressed by the west and retaliating ? 
   but we 're not allowed to cherry pick among asylum seekers at all -- we can only cherry pick if we want some of them to stay permanently , and that 's fine , but if they come to europe , and we have nowhere else we can legally take them , then we just have to take them . 
  let 's just assume that there will be five more conflicts like the syrian one , close to europe , in africa and middle-east , for example . 
  we 'd be having 20 million refugees illegally coming to europe . 
  we know they 'll be targeting mainly welfare states , just like they do now . 
  should we take all of those in because it 's our duty or is there an actual limit somewhere ? 
  because i feel the latter would be the better choice - after all , europe is not the only safe place in the world and if we 'd actually give a signal that we 're really closed and wo n't be accepting more , even if they risk their lives , they 'd start looking somewhere else . 
   and even if all these laws would be easier to change , i 'm not sure the european public would be in favor of our political elite `` re-writing '' human rights laws , because that actually sounds really scary . 
  and arguably , if we give up some of those rules , it would not be a `` solution '' , it would be a surrender . 
  i ca n't agree with this . 
  it should not be a human right for everybody to illegally come to europe and be entitled to immediate caretake . 
  it 's just not sustainable . 
  i ca n't see how toughening laws in this case , even if concerning human rights , would not be supported . 
  europe continues to be available , but only through legal means . 
  as has been mentioned previously , a state unable to protect its borders is a failed state . 
  well eu pretty much seems to become one . 
   we are interested in a solution within the legal boundaries , so if you have one , please do tell . 
  and if there is no , we 're not going to move the legal boundaries or what ? 
   until then , we 're doing the best we can while maintaining the rule of law . 
  we 're doing an extremely shitty job considering the problem 's not going anywhere and we 're slowly destroying european integration instead . 
   and no matter what some opposition politicians may say in order to gain voters , not even they would break the law if they sat in the government . 
  but they * can * change the laws , that 's one of their primary tasks . 
  i 've seen a fair share of people claiming migrants are good for the society and they will solve europe 's demographic problems . 
  mind that i 'm not against immigration in general and am a supporter of a multicultural society . 
  it 's just a multicultural society for me means legal migration , targeting * educated * migrants , foreign students , appearance of natural international metropols etc , not uncontrolled masses illegally coming to europe and segregated ghettos appearing in european cities . 
   that would be like saying `` we 're not interested in having a war '' when somebody invades you . 
  more like you 're not willing to join a war of your ally that has gotten itself into one and claims they were forced to do it , ca n't resist it any way and we should just suffer it through . 
  i seriously hope the government finishes the estwin project which would bring optical cables to almost every household in the country and not downgrade it to `` better coverage of mobile network '' . 
  what is more , the project seems to be exploited by operators as it is built with public money and they wo n't even connect households to it ( the lines must be something like 1km from household and rest of it should have been up to operators ) . 
  considering estonian internet offers are so much worse than in lv or lt ( basically twice more expensive for same speed ) , there should be some huge pressure from the state to finish the god damn job . 
  because it looks better that way . 
  luckily you live in an area where quality architecture is highly valued . 
  the first one is like a masterpiece of art would have been `` complemented '' by a 5 year old kid who likes colours . 
  and the rest are the same , just without the masterpiece . 
  you sure ? 
  because you guys sure seem to [ hate ] ( http://www.a10.eu/thumbs/file/1718/style_popup/0911091541/klaus%20dieter%20weiss%20lt%2018.jpg ) too much [ colour ] ( http://static1.squarespace.com/static/51ab7a87e4b04de64ca395f2/5469cf3de4b054b6f265e13e/5469cf63e4b0af17b2f76e2c/1416220506526/copenhagen+north-24.jpg ) on your apartment blocks . 
  i think that 's a bit too much , though . 
  you think * that 's * ugly ? 
  i wonder what you think of the amazingly dull and gray apartment blocks all over the former eastern bloc ? 
  stalinist architecture is probably the best kind you 'll find from that era . 
  i 'd be more than interested in solving the crisis if europe was ready to solve it . 
  with current views that external borders can only be protected if they 're on land , this problem ca n't be solved . 
  i can see the `` genius '' german solution has brought over a million migrants in a year , and i do n't see anything that would change the trend this year . 
  so what is your solution here ? 
  we 'll just ditch the problems on our eu partners and then wait until the problem magically solves itself ? 
  what if it does n't ? 
  middle east sure does n't seem to be getting more peaceful and they are not the only ones coming anyway . 
  we can very clearly see that almost all migrants target welfare state , so that makes them welfare migrants to at least some extent . 
  so , what do you do ? 
  do you try to solve all world conflicts ? 
  maybe we 'll try to quadruple foreign aid ? 
  we 'll take all the people who 're coming , because they make up `` just x per cent of europe 's population '' ? 
  but you know , when europe 's population makes already only about 10 % of world 's population and it 's going to decrease further , while africa 's , the world 's poorest continent by far , is going to rise by billions this century , it does n't seem very likely that migration will stop . 
  sure , maybe we can see economy developing rapidly in africa that will stop it , but how likely is that ? 
  and then we have climate change that only expands africa 's deserts , decreasing the fertile soil etc. 
  we have so many global problems , so many issues and potential catastrophes that it 's only normal to be able to protect our borders . 
  if this is not happening , i ca n't think of solidarity on this question either . 
  we have invested dozens of millions in upgrading our border with russia in recent years , so we have that and then we are sent migrants from the south as a reward ? 
  oh , and playing the * eastern european * card is just idiotic .
