  like , no matter what you call for , or say - genocidal , hateful etc , call for occupying the country , overthrowing the democratically elected government etc , and you 'll get away from it 100 % . 
  what country is that ? 
   it really is n't any better than russia making bullshit laws regarding western propaganda . 
  have some perspective . 
  you know , i do n't agree with latvia 's step and i 'm glad estonia has n't blocked russian media in the past because , based on latvia 's and lithuania 's experience , it does n't work anyway , but only blurs the line on media freedom and gives russian propaganda additional material . 
  i was just pointing out that your definition of free media is something that exists only in some utopia . 
   free speech is being able to say whatever you want without getting reprimanded by your government ; no matter how toxic your ideas might be . 
  then according to that , there 's no country that allows free speech . 
  you ca n't glorify nazism in germany , call for racism in sweden etc without getting reprimanded . 
  it 's always the dilemma living next door to such a huge and hostile propaganda factory - will you retaliate with same measures or will you just ignore them . 
  honestly , as long as they do n't do anything directly against the law , i 'd just let them be . 
  the only non-russian people that believe their shit here are the most undereducated and poor people anyway , and one website makes no difference for them . 
  they 'll just find some other source , such as rt. 
  meanwhile , russia can make another story about evil nazi fascist pribaltika oppressing free russian media . 
  hopefully you wo n't be surprised that you now need a visa to get to the pribaltika region of rossiya . 
  the melody that both estonia and finland use for their anthems was created by a german-born composer for a swedish poem . 
  our nations sure have some great artists ... 
  there is that thing of belarus being also heavily supported by russia , whereas ukraine well ... quite on the contrary . 
  but yeah , ukraine 's not a very good example . 
  with the country 's apparent west-east division , stuck between eu and russia , swinging from one side to the other , and all this made worse by widespread corruption , they 've visibly fallen behind . 
  not taking any sides , maybe by looking at belarus or baltics , it would 've been wiser to agree on a common path in 1990s and stay on it . 
  honestly , it 's absurd to think such a random kolhoznik has been dictator of a country of 10-million for over two decades . 
  i mean , even leaving out his violation of human rights and lack of respect for democracy , what comes out of the man 's mouth is so ridiculous , it makes me cringe every time . 
  from blaming its own citizens for shopping abroad and buying foreign goods ( i mean , it 's 21st century and not soviet union anymore , people will pick what 's best ) to his `` solutions '' to economic worries which are that `` people should work harder '' . 
  not to mention what the man thinks of sexual minorities . 
  how the hell can such a joke be president for over 20 years is a mystery for me . 
  maybe it 's some kind of a stability ( stagnation ) cult similar to russia . 
  you 're right . 
  they 've taken pan-ussr data for all its republics and some selected years ( 1973 , 1990 ) somehow have data separately for the republics aswell . 
  at the same time , they failed to get data for 1920-1940 period for baltics , even though completely working national statistics offices operated on data of functional market economies back then . 
  does n't seem very trustworthy . 
  i thought that the data showed estonia 's gdp to be unbelievably high during soviet era and then i look at the [ data ] ( http://www.ggdc.net/maddison/maddison-project/data.htm ) and at least estonia 's data is just completely off . 
  it shows estonia 's gdp per capita to be on the level of germany as of 2010 . 
  belarus richer than slovakia seems also off . 
  i do n't think the data has been checked properly . 
  identifying their religion is one thing . 
  another would be if they actually believed they live in such space universe and that they need to defeat the evil dark side . 
  also , the game of russian chauvinist . 
  see how many western products can you grab to use them to declare how great , powerful and totally different and better than west russia is . 
  it differs . 
  in baltics , where literacy rate was close to 100 % and national identities had strongly developed , ussr was oppressive towards the national language and culture . 
  in central asia , the situation was probably different . 
  honestly , i 'm waiting for a time europe declares it does n't welcome people that base their entire lives on fucking fantasy books . 
  then it 's not surprising that newer eu members rank so bad , considering they 've also taken the transition period into account . 
  i think it gives a less accurate picture of the situation that way , though . 
  because the independent is too lazy to make the list : [ corruption perception ] ( http://www.transparency.org/cpi2015#results-table ) ranking in eu : 1 . 
  finland ( 90 ) 3 . 
  sweden ( 89 ) 4 . 
  netherlands ( 88 ) 5 . 
  germany ( 81 ) 5 . 
  united kingdom ( 81 ) 8 . 
  ireland ( 75 ) 11 . 
  estonia ( 70 ) 11 . 
  france ( 70 ) 13 . 
  portugal ( 63 ) 14 . 
  poland ( 62 ) 15 . 
  cyprus ( 61 ) 15 . 
  lithuania ( 61 ) 17 . 
  spain ( 58 ) 19 . 
  czech republic ( 56 ) 19 . 
  hungary ( 51 ) 22 . 
  greece ( 46 ) 25 . 
  romania ( 46 ) 27 . 
  italy ( 44 ) 28 . 
  bulgaria ( 41 ), 
  time for more sanctions ? 
   stop the tide of islamic immigration ? 
  actually , yes . 
  not only do mena immigrants form disproportionally large share of immigrants in europe , they also have one of the worst integration records . 
  i mean , compare what you 've heard about integration problems of chinese , american or chilean immigrants to those from mena countries . 
  there must be something that causes that . 
   but many of these attacks are perpetrated by second or third gen. immigrants . 
  that wo n't stop these attacks but at least it would n't make the problem worse in time . 
  problems with second or third generation immigrants can only occur when there is immigration of their parents in the first place . 
  integration plays the most important role , of course , but if we ca n't get it right , i would n't risk bringing them here . 
   kick all the muslims in our countries out ? 
  no , if european countries have ( legally ) accepted them , they 've taken the responsibility . 
  but it does n't imply in any way that immigration in such scale must continue . 
  the homicides here are almost always some drunkards stabbing their drinking buddies in their apartments or something similar . 
  you wo n't get blown up in tallinn airport . 
  i 'm 99 % certain he 's hinting at the immigration and integration policies of western europe . 
   we might see poland and the baltics discover what diplomacy means when they do n't have nato backing them up . 
  oh do n't worry . 
  we 'll just threaten to bomb st. petersburg if russia even breathes towards us . 
  moscow is n't * that * far either . 
  well , now you obviously need to take down lukashenko to bring the old flag back , as the greatest authority has spoken ... 
  no , it does n't . 
  we 're more anti-russia ( putin 's russia , that is ) than the west in general . 
  the most effective tools of increasing this are the chauvinistic rhetoric of kremlin and propagandistic russian state media . 
  the latter is actually so bad it 's treated like a broken record now . 
  and apparently the only people it has worked on , are russians . 
   to enter something that is practically eu candidacy they 're not even close to candidacy , they 're several times poorer and larger , also less reformed and more corrupt than non-eu balkans and even the latter are not expected to join eu until 2020s . 
  just a police officer in latvia . 
  meanwhile in estonia , a specialist on public relations ( !!! ), 
  of estonian defence league wrote something about refugees being ` human scum ' that are unable to ` become humans ' as we already have 300 000 ` mooching vatniks ' ( used the estonian word * tibla * which is also an offensive word for russians ) that have not adapted here . 
  i am just wondering how such people even get their jobs ... 
  sometimes i 'd like to scream in the face of soviet-era generations about how retarded many of their values are . 
  i mean , the country they grew up had supposedly no disabled people , no sexual minorities , no crimes or accidents , hell , not even sex . 
  are they actually stupid enough to believe that or do they just like problems to be swept under the rug and pretend they do n't exist ? 
  hopefully russia will be returning k\u00f6ningsberg to germany , kuril islands to japan and karelia to finland , so people there would also be able to enjoy better life quality .
