  but ... why would you watch news if they are known to be some one-sided propaganda ? 
  i mean , i 'd want to get the most unbiased news and i 'm definitely not going to watch some 2-3 differently biased propgrams and then hope that i 'll go for the golden midway and get the truth . 
  could you explain how would it work out ? 
  where would people be housed when the khruschevkas are demolished and how are they assigned new apartmens ? 
  ouch . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  i asked as we have a similar character here . 
  mayor of tallinn , edgar savisaar , currently his position is halted due to corruption charges . 
  very popular among pensioners and russians ( tallinn is 40 % russian-speaking ) . 
  fortunately , his political career seems to be over as of now , as criminal charges , health issues and massive drop in oral capablity have taken him down . 
  considering public broadcaster is funded from the taxes , i ca n't find it acceptable that it 's somehow government propaganda mouthpiece . 
  i assume wiadomosci is the most watched news program in poland . 
   the government-owned media in poland have worked that way since i can remember , and i 'm completely unsurprised that this tradition was retained with the most recent government change . 
  it 's not government-owned media , it 's the public broadcaster . 
  there should be a change in thinking there in poland . 
  it 's for the people , not the government . 
  absolutely does n't work like that in estonia . 
  the public broadcaster might be leaning towards government , but i do n't even notice it . 
  we had a government change and i have n't noticed any differences in reporting . 
  meanwhile , wiadomosci does n't even refrain from outright lying about what 's discussed in a summit . 
  obama 's speech and re-electing tusk ? 
  evil german spy and what else . 
  that should be unacceptable from the national broadcaster . 
  edit : public broadcaster , not government broadcaster, 
  they are all eu citizens who have been granted such rights after the societies have reformed-democratized and which all share some common values with wide supervision mechanisms etc. 
  what 's the point with such `` edgy comments '' ? 
  one of the most important points of eu is the fact that we 've accepted each other as trustworthy partners with similar culture and common values . 
  we 've * not * done that with syria or nigeria . 
  if you think there 's no difference , go vote for such parties that stand for it . 
  as it is now , majority of europeans see non-eu immigrants in a rather negative light , especially those from middle east and africa . 
  is it a mass of pensioners with such religious support for him ? 
  considering what government propaganda mouthpiece is tvp 's wiadomosci , it 's not great . 
  the national broadcaster should at least try to be impartial . 
  yes . 
  and these are people who have allegedly had background checks . 
  under the refugee distribution plan , estonia has taken just 142 refugees that are supposedly hand-picked and have had background checks . 
  out of those , around 30 are `` travelling around europe '' ( it 's likely that most of them have left to germany ) , 2 are under arrest ( one threatened to kill his wife , another is suspected to have infllamed his wife ) . 
  one thing is sure . 
  we are having an unprecedented number of welfare shopper migrants whose # 1 priority is not safety , but the `` promised land '' . 
  the refugee quotas just do n't work and germany will end up taking most of the refugees in one way or another . 
  second thing is the cultural clash . 
  estonia 's president said even in a speech that estonia is not obliged to change its customs , even such as offering some special cuisines . 
  does that mean that refugees have additonal motivation to go to the already existing isolated enclaves of their countrymen in western europe ? 
  if it 's about democracy , free speech and rule of law , i see no reason to back current polish government . 
  the refugee quota issue might be another thing . 
  however , macron 's statements about `` social dumping '' are absurd . 
  how the hell should cee ever catch up to west if it is not allowed to have * any * competitive advantages ? 
   not so much erm finnish . 
  i know right . 
  they should sing in a proper language like estonian . 
  i see now that as portugal has won euro 2016 and eurovision 2017 , it 's time to start shitting on them again . 
  i heard the scandal was even discussed in spanish parliament ? 
  there sure is a shift away from the typical europop . 
  not necessarily a bad thing . 
  you ca n't be a proper european country unless you have at least this one neighbour you need to beat at everything . 
  i wonder how big is portuguese ego right now as they won and spain was last ... 
  televotes would n't have saved them anyway . 
  belgium was estonians ' favourite in televote , though . 
  the national broadcaster must have its programs translated into estonian by law . 
  estonians are traditionally fans of sweden , though . 
  i think we 've given them the most points in total ( maybe russia tops it , but that 's because of the diaspora votes ) . 
  so what do you like about t\u0113rbata ? 
  i know . 
  why is everybody so against us ? 
  we 're just as musical and beautiful ... 
  i feel it 's going to be southern european circlejerk this time . 
  not that i 'd be against bulgaria or portugal hosting it for the first time , or italy in a very long time . 
   our enemies love those weaken us like gorbachev and yeltsin and hate those that make us stronger and better like putin . 
  yes , it certainly did n't have anything to do with ... you know , estonians getting away from ussr without a single casualty after having been occupied for half a century and having our ethnic composition forcefully changed . 
  just take a loot at yugoslavia to understand what could have happened . 
  but sure , we do n't care about such petty stuff as long as we see a weak russia . 
  that 's what we live for ... / s, 
  okay , so assuming you 're more knowledgeable on this , do you think nearly a billion euros is worth it ? 
  and not only for us , russia also needs to invest as much and kaliningrad will probably become an isolated region . 
  well , what a flop for all the baltics and finland . 
  probably did n't help that we did n't even have a single neighbour in this semi . 
  might we leave russia out for once from this stuff ? 
  yes !, 
   but simply commemorate the dead , not all 20 millions of which were the bad guys ? 
  would be very fine for me , i would go lay flowers myself . 
  too bad the event is exploited for pro-putinist/pro-ussr sentiments . 
  i 'd still expect more of a discussion full of arguments , rather than the current chidlish whacking . 
  why are n't such comments removed ? 
  honestly , how is it okay to belittle entire group of countries like that ? 
  i thought that belonged to / r/russia ? 
  honestly , we are aware that there 's sometimes lack of seeing things from others ' perspective , and that includes some people in baltics portraying ussr as some evil monster , even though it did contribute a lot ( the most ) to wwii victory . 
  especially considering they did fight for their very existence . 
  it 's necessary to at least try to respect that . 
  at the same time , it 's also necessary to distinguish that from ussr itself and not start glorifying the stalinist regime . 
  but comments like from / u/abidasiii are something i 'm used to in russian political talk shows ( note : they literally scream such simplistic propagandistic statements to others ' faces ) . 
  edit : well , thank you for that . 
  everybody can criticize different aspects of different subjects if they want , but that should be in a civilized manner . 
  i would like to get some sources for these claims , preferably not from russian ones . 
  especially considering i 've also heard something similar to `` even germans considered it barbaric how estonians/latvians/lithuanians / ukrainians etc murdered their jews '' . 
  it 's the typical talk about how `` coincidentally '' the political enemies of kremlin are all some nazi-fascist scum by nature that everyone should hate . 
  also , ussr did a favour by oppressing them . 
  wow , i 'm so jealous of the southern weather . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://f12.pmo.ee/auzg0f4vho8svpnal1ati9zwvs0=/fit-in/1980x1980/filters:no_upscale\\ ( \\ ) / nginx/o/2017 / 05/09/6639663t1hf36a . jpg ) how it looked like in kuressaare , saaremaa island , estonia today . 
  ( yes , that 's real ), 
   this make me so fucking mad .
