  lithuanian companies did n't manage to pull a 180 and find new markets , it also affected lithuanian growth to an extent . 
  agriculture is the sector that was most reliant on russia , so i imagine the losses are worst there . 
  however , it forms a marginal part of the economy , so gdp wo n't be affected greatly . 
  also , your border with russia is only with the relatively poor exclave of kaliningrad . 
  belarus keeps happily trading with you . 
  finland , on the other hand , has the longest border with russia . 
  so it 's not surprising which one is hurt more from sanctions . 
  really , how many estonians learn three foreign languages ? 
  usually , only english is the one you actually learn on the level that you can speak , write and understand freely . 
  russian is something that `` oh so many speak here , let 's learn it '' and yet most of us do not learn it properly , because it 's exclusively used among russians who we rarely even have contacts with . 
  maybe you know how to say your name and say shop is left of the schoolhouse but that 's pretty much it . 
  many others choose german which gets you a similar result . 
  and then the last one , if you even learned it , is just something you `` learned at high school , but ca n't remember anything '' . 
  okay , thanks for the information . 
  so that region became varsinais-suomi ? 
   i am willing to bet that europe drops ukraine related sanctions before crimea is returned to ukraine we have two set of sanctions - one set related to annexing crimea , the other - eastern ukraine . 
  when russia gets out from eastern ukraine , those sanctions * should * be dropped . 
  otherwise , what 's the point of those ? 
  they are meant to force russia to do sth . 
  now about those related to crimea , we ca n't be sure of anything . 
  we all know crimea will not be returned to ukraine . 
  putin has invested way too much money and propaganda there by now . 
  which is why some might want to forget the sanctions at one point . 
  however , us position has been rather strenuous , for example . 
  and russia-eu relations can somewhat normalize with crimea being left as an unrecognized sanctioned region as well . 
  now coming back to syria , i do n't think we should be pushing for new sanctions for russia * no matter what * . 
  especially considering the more we put them , the less they affect them and the less efficient they are . 
  russia 's connections with syrian government 's attacks need to be clear-cut in order to punish them . 
  being just allies is not enough . 
  i mean , do finns even have a historical name for their southern region ? 
  they have ` uusimaa ' which is just translated from swedish ` nyland ' afaik . 
  so no confirmations , no information from chechnya , from the close relatives of the detained etc ? 
  that should be happening with all our social media and stuff . 
  or is chechnya so closed that this does n't work like that ? 
  we 're probably irrelevant enough for them to be lumped together . 
   you have no proof that multiculturalism , acceptance of homosexuals and other such things are the cause behind strong families . 
  where have i even stated that these are behind strong families ? 
  my notion is more that they have strong families * despite * being acceptive of homosexuals . 
  the idea is that accepting sexual minorities does not affect families in a negative way . 
  now what concerns multiculturalism , i find the term rather vague and i 'm definitely not a strong supporter of all kinds of migration . 
  i support immigration of foreign students , scholars , talents , specialists etc of all kinds of backgrounds , but am a lot more sceptical towards simple labourers or even worse , migrants of convenience . 
  furthermore , i think immigration from socially very conservative regions with a lot of extremists , such as middle east and north africa , should be taken with caution . 
  now your ideological attitude is clearly showing if you automatically label all kinds of ideologies to me because i 'm opposed to yours . 
  i 've seen a video of isis slitting a throat of a man who then chokes in their own blood . 
  i seriously advise not to look those , the description alone is disturbing enough but the picture and sounds will be stuck in your head for a lot longer ... 
   the divorce rate but you 're showing the marriage rate instead . 
   here , if you are not married but you have childern , you are automatiacally lone parent . 
  well , over half of children in estonia are born outside marriage , so i do n't think that 's how it is measured . 
   in some countries like baltics and poland , many parents work abroad , keeping childern in home countries . 
  so , there might be some correlation to this as well . 
  i do n't know about others , but in estonia , it 's mostly the father working in finland . 
  this should n't count as a single parent family , though , if the father is still `` around '' , even if only periodically . 
  eu countries are obliged to give data on similar grounds and eurostat harmonizes them . 
  eurostat data should always be comparable , otherwise , what would be the point . 
  i have a hard time thinking about any other indicator that would characterise the functionality of families better . 
  maybe inadequate , but certainly gives you an impression . 
   it could also means that eastern countries have more comprehensive social norms and welfare mechanism that allow for an abused , or simply unhappy spouse to get out of harm 's way and take the kids to a more uplifting environment . 
  i really do n't think it 's possible that nordics , for example , would have worse mechanisms there . 
  central and eastern europe is not known for its great social net , liberal economic principles often come first instead . 
   or maybe in those countries the sudden transition to market economy has ruined the fabric of society , i do n't know . 
  that 's a more likely estimate to me at least . 
  i hinted at estonian alt-right and nationalist movements in particular , who , among other things , like to scare about the collapse of family values in the west . 
  by no means did i mean central and eastern europe as a whole . 
   the photo of aylan kurdi drowned on the beach had the effect of transforming overnight how people viewed the refugee crisis . 
  before that picture most people had seen the syrian refugees as a faceless , threatening horde . 
  the picture drove home that they are real people and that it 's a major humanitarian crisis . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's one of the most idiotic things i 've heard about european public lately . 
  if people are unable to realize that the counted deaths are all about real people , members of a family , bringing pain to the close ones etc , they are , in my eyes , just retards . 
  if you have to see a picture of a dead body to realize the numbers are not just some random mathematics , you lack the basic abilities to cope with the complicated world of today . 
  what 's even worse is if a picture of a dead kid brings some sudden emotional reactions from society , instead of a calculated , well-thought plans and cooperated efforts based on as much information as possible . 
  i 'm sorry but the people that somehow turned a 180 because of the picture , are in my eyes , over-emotional idiots who should absolutely not take decisions about europe 's future . 
  there , my rant is over . 
  umm ... what is the point you are trying to make ? 
  i 've not said anything about conservatives , have i ? 
  oh look , the decadent west actually has more functional families . 
  should save this for our alt-right/nationalists ... 
  164 ft = 50 m 200 ft = 61 m you 're welcome . 
  i ca n't really give any counter-arguments if you do n't say what qualities in particular make you feel closer to west africa . 
  if it 's purely some colonization legacies like language or food , then i do n't think these are at all relevant for eu . 
  in fact , i think it 's way more interesting to have more diverse cuisines . 
  what matters here is that we believe in liberal democracy , that we have educated people , developed economy , rule of law , nature protection etc. 
  i tend to believe estonia and france are on a much more comparative level here than any african country . 
  i ca n't agree . 
  i 'm sure georgians or ukrainians dream more about the life quality of eu , the freedoms there , rather than the security umbrella of nato . 
  the latter might be relevant the protect the former , but is not worth much alone . 
   it does n't have any geopolitical influence ukraine , georgia , moldova , balkans , even belarus to some extent ?!, 
  it absolutely has geopolitical influence . 
  have you been to ukraine or georgia in particular lately ? 
  the eu flags are so common on government buildings you 'd sometimes think they are in eu already ... 
  i 'd like to specify that baltics are not and ca n't be transiting any russian gas to eu , there are not even connections between lithuana and poland at the moment . 
   well , for exemple , we french have much more ties with african countries like ivory coast or tunisia than with danemark or hungary . 
  in what way ? 
  because those regions speak french to some extent ? 
  if linguistics were something we 'd set our allies after , russia would be # 1 considering the various finno-ugric nations living there . 
  but we do not share similar values , we 're absolutely not interested in living in such an repressive society with personality cult and a lot of angry , chauvinistic mentality . 
  with militaristic adventures and land grabs , plus imaginative ` sphere of influence ' being more important than people 's life quality . 
  which is why i believe we are a lot more similar in that regard to even countries like portugal . 
  it 's the western liberal democracy we share . 
  growth usually slows down the richer you get . 
  poland has kept going without recessions for quarter a century now .
