   why do you think sending troops to ** russias border ** is a good idea ? 
  russia might talk about `` nato bases close to their borders '' , but we 're so tiny that anything on our territory is `` close to russian borders '' . 
  in our context , we do n't have bases that are actually near the border . 
  same ca n't be said about russia as there 's a huge military base in pskov , just about 30km from estonia and 60km latvia . 
  so maybe then you can realize why those arguments are stupid . 
  we are not willing to turn our countries into some sort of buffer zone and limit the same rights other nato members have just because russia thinks we 're too close to their border . 
  especially when they give no fuck about keeping bases close to others . 
  how much would a freaking 1.3-million country be able to develop anyway against russia ? 
  i mean , without allies , we wo n't be able to stand against russia . 
  that 's it . 
  trying to convert ourself into a mini-israel is just dumb because : a ) russia , despite being a problematic country , is nothing compared to being surrouned by hateful nations , privimitive hate based on religion , constant terror attacks etc. 
  b ) it 's incredibly expensive . 
  we 're already one of the biggest spenders ( in proportion to gdp ) in europe , while we have enough places to invest money in . 
  where would we take the money ? 
  c ) i do n't see a scenario when even when becoming such , we 'd still be able to stand against russia on any meaningful level . 
  the size different is just too big . 
  nato bases are pretty much with the aim to fortify our membership there . 
  that we 're not some buffer zone , but a full member with same rights as others . 
  nato bases have cons , of course , but i 've also seen a strong positive impact on town of tapa , for example . 
  we 'd use * pole t\u00e4nu v\u00e4\u00e4rt * ( literally : not worth a thanks , meaning : do n't mention it ) or * v\u00f5ta heaks * ( literally : take it for good , meaning : you 're welcome ) in this case , 
  it 's the same old stuff , apparently [ baltic way ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-jpqt-coc6to/u_eenstspbi/aaaaaaaac9g/emzq5ase2ia/s1600/baltic-way-4.jpg ) was a hysteria of nationalist extremists , as opposed to the [ peaceful internationalists ] ( https://ajapaik.ee/media/uploads/muis_mspxp9s.jpg ) from russia [ in the picture - forcing themselves into estonian parliament building ] . 
  do n't try to follow any logic with such people . 
  they 'll also say baltics are the most fascist and russophobic place on earth while the central asian dictatorships are great allies . 
  ironic considering most of them got rid of almost all the russian minority they had . 
  but they 're not allied with the west , so who cares lol . 
   he knows if he ever visits baltics he would be getting this treatment : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xkqzefvb_y not in estonia , at least . 
  we are so numb that the most we 'd see would be a small gathering with some self-made protest signs about ukraine etc. 
  i think his russian worshippers could easily outnumber them . 
   but honestly strange act as they sent message how they want friendly relations to neighbors yet he doesnt even visit them ... 
  if you 've ever followed any russian experts on foreing policy , they 'll * always * emphasize how pointless and irrelevant are the us puppet states of pribaltika and how russia does n't care because they are in another league etc. 
  this could very well be emphasizing the same thing . 
  you 're right , it should have been ` for ' and not ` on ' there . 
  thanks . 
  he was a baltic german , born in tallinn . 
  in a geographical sense , it 's correct , and historically not that surprising either . 
  he did leave for germany just before republic of estonia was created in 1918 , though , so associating him with the state is wrong , of course . 
  we do n't judge . 
  welcome !, 
  homosexuality was criminalized right next to pedophilia in the criminal code of estonian soviet socialist republic . 
  that pretty much explains the attitude of older generations in post-soviet world . 
   economically , trading with russia for baltic states would be beneficial , but we ca n't do that , can we ? 
  not really beneficial to be dependant on a market that could be closed any day for political reasons . 
  of course it 's always good to have more trade and more possibilities , but i think at this point , it 's good baltics ' economies have not been too dependant on their eastern neighbour . 
   our percentage is brought down by the 25 % of our populations ethnic russians . . so fuck em why is there a need to blame russians on everything ? 
  seriously , this is annoying . 
  i do n't think youth are that different anymore anyway , english is known among russians aswell , although i imagine a bit less than estonians as russian is a language big enough to not bother with english for some . 
   truth be told , russia also seems to be reliably supplying the baltics as long as the money is paid . 
  yes , they have , although they have also `` played '' with the gas prices . 
  a bit less now i think after brussels threatened them with fines . 
  i also do n't believe russia would manipulate with energy supply ( considering proximity of st. petersburg and vulnerability of kaliningrad , but also its image of a stable provider ) . 
  still , that does n't mean they would n't use reliance on their provided energy as a foreign policy tool , by pricing for example . 
  by the way , there 's now a bigger issue coming up between baltics and russia , as the former are planning to exit the russian synchronous electrical grid and join the central european one . 
  makes sense as being part of eu , schengen , eurozone etc , but it would cost up to billions for us * and * russia ( which they 're not fond of obviously ) . 
  plus , there 's the issue of what happens with kaliningrad . 
   each country decides what to do . 
  yes and we 've decided to join the european union . 
   the baltics  each time any of these countries has a disagreement with russia , the energy supply to western europe is in danger . 
  oh shut up , will you ? 
  when was that imaginary time baltics stopped any energy supplies to western europe considering they only recently even got connections with them ? 
  estonia has had electricity connection with finland since 2010 , lithuania with poland and sweden since 2015 . 
  gas connections are only being planned for 2020 ( !!! ) . 
  estonia also constantly sells electricity to ( gasp ! ), 
  baltics have had the power to affect kaliningrad exclave at best and i mean , considering it 's a militarized annoyance , you should have heard about evil baltics manipulating that already . 
  have n't you ? 
  we have also high inequality and have low social standards . 
  of course we can have more economic freedom , but not at the cost of social standards or taxes . 
  the state needs money and poorer people need support . 
  what ? 
  baltics have been economically one of the most `` republican '' countries in eu with their low taxes and great economic freedom . 
  in fact , for that , social standards have often been sacrificed . 
  when you look at emigration numbers , i really do n't think that 's what baltics would need even more . 
  people are the most valuable resources we have . 
  maybe it 's time to look more towards nordics ? 
  okay , i think we have a slight misunderstanding . 
  i was only referring to current sanctions in the second comment . 
  i do n't have any strong stance on additional sanctions as i do n't consider myself informed enough about syria . 
  however , i do n't think bringing trade as a reason for opposing sanctions is legitimate for portugal , where russia makes up at best 0.5 % of the export market . 
  sorry , but i do n't think estonia has shown any less solidarity towards refugees than portugal has . 
  then again , i hope you did n't just group countries in your head and applied the general policy of them for each case . 
  portugal is not germany and estonia is not poland . 
  furthermore , i find it funny how you think ending sanctions would be a threat . 
  we suffer from that much more than you do , and no , i do n't think russia will be invading a nato and eurozone member if we did not react to invasion of ukraine . 
  but i do have some respect for the international law , whereas * some * act like the only value in their life is money . 
  seriously , you 're basically as far as one can be from them in europe , it 's a market smaller than italy ( and without any great prospect for growth in near future ) , and yet somehow this is so-so important for portugal that abandoning international law is definitely worth it ? 
  my mind ca n't comprehend that . 
  germany with its gas addiction , finland with its exports etc at least make sense . 
  portugal , just no . 
  no , we do n't . 
  we have the slowest and most expensive ( when it comes to cable , at least ) . 
   russians have the option to move to the motherland . 
  so let 's make them do that . 
  i was talking about those that want to join russia . 
  ukraine has plenty of russians that do n't . 
   interestingly , kosovar albanians also had a sovereign state where albanians are a titular nation ( you know , albania ) . 
  your logic does n't seem to apply well here . 
  kosovo had just those tiny problems like ethnic cleansings etc. 
  and to be honest , i actually do n't think splitting kosovo from serbia was the best option , although i imagine it 's kinda hard to live together after such events . 
  and i 'd give those kosovars wanting to live in albania the same advice - just move there . 
   92mbit/s download  9 $ / month  crap you 'd need to pay at least 20 $ in estonia for that . 
  and yes , that 's the country with 1/3 of finnish wages .
