  in addition to that , the tunnel should be the final step of rail baltic ( warsaw-tallinn should be completed by 2025-2030 ) that connects warsaw to helsinki by rail . 
  there are currently over 8 million passengers alone using ferries to travel between the cities , so tunnel having 11 + million is not impossible . 
   do you really think russia is any better off ? 
  yes , they quite clearly are . 
  even if that 's mostly because of oil and gas they have , it does n't change the fact that they 're considerably wealthier than ukraine . 
  if they continuously block serbia for no apparent reason , they 'll be likely sanctioned by eu . 
  i 'm sure croatia will be very critical and find every smallest thing it does n't like as an excuse to delay their accession , but blocking them for historical or political reasons is not acceptable . 
  plus , croatia also stands to gain a bigger market with more western balkans joining . 
  furthermore , kosovo 's membership is such a distant topic as not even all eu members recognize them , not to mention they are most behind of all western balkans in their candidacy process ( aka they 're the only one that have n't even applied for candidacy ) . 
  kosovo is not fully recognized , nor is it even fully functioning without foreign aid . 
  the country 's clearly dependant on others and must consider its steps carefully . 
  what is more , as the country aims to join eu , it needs to also please serbia , which will very likely become a member before them . 
  despite all the heated emotions and past tragedies , at least there 's eu which tries to bring serbia , kosovo and albania all closer together . 
  with `` novorossiya '' , `` dnr '' , `` lnr '' etc , it 's pretty much just `` let 's fuck those ukrop-fascists '' , by having failed pseudo republics which have horrible life quality and no rule of law . 
  to be honest , i think tearing up serbia was not the best option indeed . 
  also , if we take kosovo as an excuse for all the post-soviet pseudo republics russia has helped to create , at least the country has been distanced from albania , it 's not hosting albanian troops , not using albanian currency and does n't have the prospect of joining albania . 
   if you test me on my ethnic estonian-ness , how are you going to find out that i am not an estonian ? 
  it depends on what you feel yourself , like i said . 
  i could use a lie-detector to see if you really feel estonian more than any other ethnicity or are just lying , if it would really be very important to find out the truth . 
  but nobody 's going to do that , just like they 're not going to check many other answers in a census . 
   no i support freedom and the notion that nations have the right to self rule . 
  russians already have a country - the largest one on earth , by the way . 
  they have no right to tear up other 's lands if they can just move to their home country if they do n't feel ukrainian . 
  ethnicity is a choice indeed , although it should be based on what you feel , not what you mistakenly/falsely write . 
  you can also say you speak 7 languages in a census , but nobody will check if you really can . 
  it does n't make it true nevertheless , just gives false data . 
  separating ethnicity from nationality is quite blurry in estonia , as we have only one word for both - * rahvus * . 
  we use citizenship as an official basis , but in general , language is the strongest factor for one 's identity . 
  language pretty much decides in what information world you grow up in , and mostly sets many more qualities that are often stereotypical for a specific nation , including the `` pro-west '' vs `` pro-russia '' views . 
  the extra letters are not redundant , though . 
  two letters mean there 's a longer phoneme there . 
  it makes reading and writing easier . 
  that 's why * tallin * , for example , is wrong to estonians , it feels just as bad as writing * ballon * for balloon - wrong and the pronouncation is different . 
  i 'm not saying ukrainian elite is not exploiting this . 
  we also know ukraine has been quite badly run in last the decades , and the country is clearly poorer than russia . 
  however , how does that justify russia 's actions in any way ? 
  if anything , it makes it even worse how they 're backstabbing a neighbour that finally wants changes after such a long period of massive corruption and incompetence . 
   so far it 's ukrainians shelling cities with russian majority , not the otherwise . 
  i think it 's people of russkiy mir in ukraine taking weapons against ukrainians , and ukrainians responding to that . 
  seriously , russians have the world 's largest country . 
  why not move there if ukraine 's so bad ? 
  there 's no need to tear up other countries ... 
  seriously , crimea was already robbed from that country . 
  what people in their right mind would also give industrial east away ? 
  i would n't count russian citizens and non-citizens in estonia as estonians , though . 
  that 's a stupid argument , though . 
  ussr invaded baltics before nazis reached here , so what they did in wwii was basically just reconquering the occupied territories . 
  you may call it liberation only for soviet union , but soviet union itself was occupation regime for baltics . 
  russia is free to celebrate victory over nazis . 
  it was a great victory indeed , considering what horrible plans nazis had . 
  but for us ? 
  because maybe , under a theoretical plan , we might have suffered a worse fate ? 
  that does n't say much , especially considering we had an unwanted ethnic coctail anyway , with natives being thrown out and foreigners brought instead . 
   ukraine as a state has never been liked in russia . 
  even as a state , it might not have been the best buddy for russia , but it was clearly considered to be an ally , an important member for cis etc. 
   simply look at politics as well . 
  compare russo-ukr relations to russian relations with belarus , armenia , kazakhstan . 
  nothing alike , and somewhat hostile . 
  belarus is so heavily russified that most people do n't even speak belarusian there . 
  clearly something ukrainians are not envying . 
  many consider it to be a pupper state of russia . 
  armenia does n't have a choice , they 're sandwiched between two hostile countries ( turkey and azerbaijan ) , and they 're supporting nagarno-karabakh . 
  without russia , they 'd face a very likely scenario of being invaded , or nagarno-karabakh at least . 
  kazakhstan is mostly an economic ally , they even insisted on eurasian union to not be political , and are not interested in stopping trade with europe because russia does n't get along with them . 
  what is more , kazakhstan did n't really enjoy the crimea-adventure and has its worries with the russian minority in the north aswell . 
  they 've prioritized kazakh identity and are aiming to switch kazakh language to latin alphabet . 
  life for ukraine would be even better if their dear neighbour would not have invaded their country and annexed part of it . 
  and for russia aswell . 
   on the other hand , in the absence of a clear image of the aggressor ( and main trade visa-free partner at the same time ) it 's unlikely to be able to keep such a polarized country from collapse . 
  we can thank russia for that . 
  the greatest factor in that polarization has been russian state media , which creates aggressive chauvinistic people we can see everywhere among russian minority , whether it 's in a eu member [ estonia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eozgardogpu ) or ukraine . 
   first off , ukraine is not our `` brotherly '' nation . 
  this is a pan-slavic delusion . 
  we have never had good relations with any of the independent ukrainian states . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  nobody remembers much hostility you 've had with ukraine here before invasion . 
  even with the gas disputes , it seemed to have been short-term conflicting economic interests of close neighbours at most . 
  most polls and surveys indicate that both ukrainians and russians had generally good image of each other . 
  it all turned to shit only in 2014 . 
   just as / r/europe is not a glistening example of everyone in the eu , its just a collection of rapidly pro-eu socially liberal teenagers . 
  if you have n't noticed then / r/europe has been a default subreddit for europeans for over two years now and as a result , the pro-eu views have become to form a considerably smaller share . 
  i 'm afraid this would not get him much besides a viral funny clip in youtube . 
  `` we demand unconditional surrender '' would be `` n\u00f5uame tingimusteta alistumist '' . 
  welcome to our world , just imagine if you had a huge minority that would follow such media and fully believed it . 
   it is a stable country ( more than russia ) with recovering birth rate . 
  if you have n't noticed then latvia and lithuania have also had recovering birth rates for several years . 
  and i ca n't say they would be unstable . 
   the first option is belarus . 
  belarus is an ideal country if you want to move out of russia and live more quietly . 
  the only thing is that , especially now , after the crisis , it is incredibly hard to get yourself a decent living . 
  even the 200 dollars needed to pay for a one-or two-room apartment in minsk are hard to come by . 
  but , as far as other factors are concerned , belarus can indeed be described as the east-european switzerland . 
  that 's the thing . 
  how many people choose a poor but peaceful/stable country for living ? 
  those are rather rare . 
  most people go to economic centres , which are vibrant and more criminal than countryside ( not that they want this , but it 's often a side effect of economic activity ) . 
   belarusians do not `` enjoy '' eu freedom of movement which helps to empty their baltic neighbour countries , but not their country . 
  that would explain not having as deep decline , but still not growth . 
  furthermore , belarusians can easily move to moscow and st. petersburg which are definitely attractive destinations for many . 
   belarus is more orderly and less corrupt so in some ways , it is better than russia .
