  that is the problem , not that it `` does n't fit western/american ideology '' . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  these are really heplful , my knowledge about central europe is rather vague . 
  lingusitically , hungarians are related to finns and estonians ( yeah , relatives !!! ) . 
  even though finnish and estonian are somewhat similar , hungarian is quite distant . 
  some basic words are similar , though ( estonian-hungarian ) : vesi - v\u00edz ( water ) k\u00e4si - k\u00e9z ( hand ) silm - szem ( eye ) ela - - \u00e9l - ( to live ), 
  hmm ... 
  i never knew that . 
  i mean euro was introduced during fico 's time , i thought he was pro-eu . 
  but economically , slovakia seems rather liberal with flat income tax , for example . 
  it 's really weird that they 're blaming liberal policies . 
  i mean your neighbouring slovakia , which is very eu-friendly , liberal and uses $ , has fared extremely well economically . 
  is n't nobody using them as an example there ? 
  russia and friend ? 
  i 'm sorry , i must have read it wrong . 
  russia does not have any friends , it only has ` strategic partners ' . 
  even russia 's best buddy belarus must be bought with russian oil and gas . 
  it it were n't for these , belarus would already apply for eu . 
  meanwhile , latvia has declared several russian performers * persona non grata * as they 've agressively supported annexation of crimea and have anti-ukrainian sentiments . 
  they should 've taken part in annual ` new wave ' contest in latvia , where mainly russian and ex-ussr celebrities participate . 
  / s evil fascist gayrope pribaltika is surpressing freedom of speech yet again . 
  these russophobic usa-puppets are the worst countries ever . 
  together with usa , poland , ukraine , romania , japan , georgia , turkey , czech republic , sweden and all other fascist states . 
  i am definitely not mocking anything here , i am just expressing my views . 
  i think catalonia is an awesome place with absolutely amazing architecture and friendly people . 
  i just do n't agree that seceding from spain is the best solution here . 
  are you seriously comparing a ( former ) occupative dictatorship regime to a modern western european country ? 
  we constantly joke in estonia that when you get to russia 's hate list , you must have done something really well . 
  too bad we 're just 5th . 
  i think eu or at least nato should support ukraine in fight against russian terrorists . 
  it 's quite clear that those kremlin-brainwashed puppets share almost no european values and are not exactly interested in peace and justice . 
  also , it would send a clear message to russia that this chauvinism is not tolerated and agression gets responded . 
  not to mention creating another exclave of russia would be just idiotic . 
  there 's no reason to give anything from moldova to russia , migrants from soviet union are still migrants and they do n't have any right to seceed from another country . 
  it 'd be the same as creating a mini-turkey in germany . 
  nope , just romania . 
  moldova is a rather artificial country - it 's just a part of romania that was annexed by soviet union . 
  it 's still the same people , same language , though probably a bit more russificated . 
  reuniting with romania is almost the same as east germany reuniting with the west germany . 
  i 'm sorry but it seems that the support for independent catalonia has spiked mainly due to spanish economic crisis . 
  therefore , it seems that the reasons are mainly economical and not cultural or political . 
  i do n't think that gives the best base for secession . 
  well this is not a problem in estonia . 
  we have estonian-swedish bilingual street signs in western estonia but there are no street signs in russian , even though russians make up a quarter of estonia 's population . 
  the thing is that coastal swedes are a historical minority , whereas russians are migrants from soviet union . 
  however , there is a historical russian minority here as well - on the coast of peipsi ( ` old-believers ' - escaped from russia ) , but names of their villages have been historically transformed into estonian . 
  so they still have russian origin , but are written in latin alphabet and may have some estonian features as well . 
  although i 'm not an expert , i 'd try to solve the polish language problem in lithuania as following : 1 ) lithuanian passports can only have names in lithuanian as it is the only official language of the country . 
  2 ) areas with historical polish minority can have bilingual street names . 
  why * should n't * you come here ? 
  let 's see ... firstly , the weather sucks - everything is more beautiful and everyone are happier in summer than during the rest of the year ( with the partial exception of christmas ) because it 's the only time when it is n't cold , wet , windy , rainy , snowy , grey sky , greenless nature and cloudy . 
  however , it 's only 3 months out of 12 . 
  our wealth level is still below eu average , but what is worse , we 're right next to nordics , so we appear even poorer when compared to them . 
  oh , you 'll also notice many things from soviet era , mostly the ` commie ' apartment blocks . 
  unless you 're an enthusiast of those , you are not impressed with their extremely dull and grey look and their awful quality . 
  the people ... they may be grumpy , unsociable , too friendly with alcohol and not as tolerant as people in nordics ( especially the older generations ) . 
  the language . 
  i realise it 's not too easy to learn a finno-ugric language for indo-european speakers as they 're not related at all . 
  oh well , at least we still use the same keyboard as it 's still latin alphabet ( yes , looking at you , russia - the worst keyboard ever made ) . 
  sure , but later on , pensions had a slower growth than gdp too . 
  but they will remain in opposition for another 4 years . 
  savisaar is already 65 years old and his age has been starting to have an effect for years already . 
  his debating skills have dropped dramatically etc. 
  not to mention that as most of youth hate keskerakond , demographics are also shifting against them . 
  time is keskerakond 's enemy and they 've lost another 4 years . 
  you 've mixed up a lot of things here and i need to correct you . 
   it started with the pronks\u00f6\u00f6 in 2007 . 
  originally , the reform party was against conscription ( !, 
  people often forget that they actually competed with the centre party to become friends with putin 's united russia . 
  they also forget that the reform party was pro living permits for russian oligarchy ( aksenenko , filatov , liksutov , etc ) nope , reformierakond was n't pro-russia . 
  it wanted good relations with its neighbours and it was the time before bronze soldier and georgian war . 
  let 's be honest , a lot of us had the naive image of changed russia , at least to some extent . 
  selling living permits was a way to get money to estonian economy . 
  latvia still does that , by the way . 
  it 's meant for attracting investments in an ideal world . 
   ansip raised the pensions even during the economic crisis and this way they `` stole '' important votes from the centre party . 
  remember , that the centre party tried to bribe pensioners with the so-called 13 . pension ( 500 krooni ) . 
  it was a fierce competition . 
  pensions were not raised during the crisis . 
  i think you meant that th government delayed the budget revision too much and it when it was clear that crisis was coming , they ignored it . 
  it was a wider thing , not just pensions . 
  the next few crisis years , pensions were frozen . 
  just remember that central party also promised 1600 $ average wage and 640 $ pensions in 2007 . 
  now that would have been catastrophical during the crisis . 
   the anti-russia sentiment works very well at low-educated ethnic estonians just as pro-russia sentiment ( vatniki ) works very well for the centre party . 
  multiple studies support that . 
  the ethnic division is harmful , but it 's also not a secret that ~ 80 % russians pick one party , while estonians ' votes are much more diverse . 
  i think it 's quite clear that the division is much more in the hands of one group . 
   obviously anti-russian sentiment is a geopolitical reality as there 's only one party that is pro-russia ( with 24.8 % of the votes ) . 
  however it 's toxic to use this in the elections , because russia is not the most important problem . 
  russians in estonia can see that life in ivangorod is much worse than across the river in narva . 
  it has to stay this way and we have to focus on that instead ( aka the economy , internal reforms ) . 
  that 's true . 
  the concentration on pro- / anti-russia harms the politics and society . 
  however , as i said , russians have much more power in changing that than estonians . 
  i think it 's a rather accurate description , although it 'd be good to add that centre party used to be a mainstream one , but it has slowly , but firmly shifted towards russians ( and therefore , towards pro-russia ) . 
  also , judging by demographics , reform party is by far most popular among ( estonian ) youth , while central party among russians ( i think ~ 80 % russians pick this party ) and elders . 
  the rest have not so clear differences in demographics . 
  it did win because the song was also strong , no matter what people say . 
  being * special * in esc will either give you a very bad place ( if the song sucks ) or you 'll win the thing ( if the song is great ) .
