  as i said , finland went all out ( as far as economy of our size allowed ) , which generates very strong ties . 
  and money influences politics , which would mean that policy holders were likely satisfied with eu doing the trailblazing on relations , but should eu vanish , they would very likely take the reigns themselves . 
  all of this does n't exclude in any way the fact that eu boosted relations between estonia and finland . 
  why was it changed ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the word ` town ' in estonian - * linn * comes from word * linnus * which means ` castle ' . 
  * tallinn * is believed to be derived from * taani linnus * which means ` danish town ' . 
  considering danes conquered the area and founded tallinn , that name has probably carried on for centuries among peasants to finally become the official name . 
  i know and i 'm not blaming finland , but u/luckyio likes to believe they have some very high moral standards that estonians ca n't reach . 
  ( i 've had my number of arguments with him already . ), 
  that includes estonia owing soviet union for its infrastructure ( and for even surviving as a nation and what not ) and finland for its quicker stabilization in 1990s than other post-soviets . 
  i have enough self respect to reject that . 
  i realize that proximity to nordics has helped us , but i know it 's estonians themselves that are most responsible for the achievements here . 
  i do n't need to bring additional arguments because it 's not me with insecurities here . 
  fortunately , i believe he 's an exception in finland . 
  he also , for some reason , accuses me and estonians of nazism , discrimination of russians , not respecting soviet union enough , being american puppets etc , all which very suspiciously match one on one with russian propagandistic portrayal of estonia . 
  he claims he 's not influenced by russian media , but i really do n't believe that . 
  the less likely option could be he 's the most finlandized person i 've ever met . 
  i ca n't prove that of course , so it 's my opinion at this point . 
  also , he likes to use a lot of hyperbolistic adjectives for me , such as ` astounding depth of ignorance ' , ` massive corruption of moral compass ' etc , which he seems to think helps with his arguments . 
  honestly , i do n't like to make things so personal , because i think discussion is mainly about argumentation , not the person behind them , but this is getting really annoying . 
  estonia ? 
  we 're definitely not cheering for tax havens . 
  estonia 's corporate tax rate is 20 % , which is same as in finland . 
  the only specialty here is that this tax is paid not when profits are earned , but when they are distributed to owners . 
  it 's supposed to encourage re-investment . 
  in fact , estonia could want to bring one big multinational here and that would be skype , as the company was created in tallinn , and still has its largest development centre there . 
  however , the hq is in ... ( shocking ) luxembourg . 
  tallinn was also not called that until 1918 , it was known as * reval * ( german , derived from old estonian region of * r\u00e4vala * that the town was located in ) . 
   yes , because there 's no port infrastructure in riga that was built in tallinn to service leningrad just before the collapse of ussr . 
  there 's a regular stockholm-riga line . 
  i wonder why there 's no masses of booze tourists considering the price difference . 
  because the infrastructure might not be on the level of tallinn ? 
  what ? 
  it 's obvious the problem rather lies in demand . 
   nothing new there . 
  every time we discuss historic facts , you demonstrate astounding depth of ignorance whenever it 's something that does n't paint russia and soviet union in extremely negative light . 
  such as `` i will completely ignore the fact that they built massive amount of port infrastructure , which was later built on to expand it into passenger port facilities , and pretend that these things are completely unconnected . '', 
  pretty standard fare for you . 
  excuse me , but why did you need to emphasize the soviet part anyway ? 
  yes , they did build and upgrade a lot of infrastructure ( that tends to happen in 50 years in any country ) , but there was always a passenger port there . 
  and it 's not exactly a secret that passenger connection suffered heavily due to soviet union . 
  so i do n't see how that country is relevant at all in this case . 
   there 's simply too much invested in bilateral relations for something like eu membership to get in the way . 
  case to point : our relations with norway , which is not an eu member , but i have greater rights in relation to going to live in norway than i have in eu states , because of our bilateral relations and pan-nordic agreements . 
  finland and norway are nordic countries , rather similar societies with 50 + years of continuous cooperation . 
  estonia is not that . 
  our relations might have been close in 1930s , but clearly were not on comparable level before eu membership . 
  for example , estonia and finland did not have free travel before estonia entered eu , or abolishment of border controls before schengen . 
   finland went all in on uplifting estonia after independence . 
  i would n't use as courageous statements . 
  firstly , finland did n't dare to recognize our restored independence before several other european countries , including sweden . 
  now you do n't need to explain me all the finlandization excuses ( which , as i remember , you strongly support even today ) . 
  sweden has also been a bigger investor and is a more important export partner . 
  i understand it 's a larger economy , but it also has more neighbours and well , finland is closer . 
  finland has been an amazing partner , and it 's very close to estonia , but estonians often set higher standards for them because of that . 
  i do n't think swedish language has much influence on how nordic the country is . 
  finland is pretty nordic with finnish alone aswell . 
   eesti is too poor for , nordic style education i ca n't criticise that part of our society , because our education system tends to [ rank well ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-hybleavhqnc/up7pkwuutni/aaaaaaaabqe/ambumjrcpky/s1600/2012-pisa-rank-6nc.png ) , and be regarded well among the population too . 
   no offence i am a fan of estonia but i do n't think its a nordic country . 
  i do n't think it 's either , but it 's important to point out the reasons why . 
  i did that in another comment . 
   simply put estonia is just as much a nordic country as finland is . 
  that 's not true , though . 
  historically , finland has very strong links to sweden . 
  estonia 's historical links to nordics are significant aswell , with both denmark and sweden playing important roles , but definitely not as much as sweden in finland . 
  however , i would n't even use that as the most important argument . 
  what makes a country nordic ? 
  in addition to the countries being located in northern europe , i 'd say the general state model - the welfare system , the values , development level . 
  estonia is not on the level of finland in those . 
  it 's more similar to latvia and lithuania there . 
  what is more , its cooperation with rest of nordics , despite becoming closer in time , is not comparable to that of finland . 
   maritime shipping of people is extremely cheap nowadays . 
  a couple of hundred kilometers means nothing to modern maritime logistics . 
  as long as you can get people loaded into the ship , extra distance is mainly about the extra hours they have to spend on the ship . 
  they 're not doing that by ship , there 's not even a helsinki-riga connection available , and even if there was , the trip would be an overnight one , unlike the 2-hour tallinn one . 
  that would create the need to buy a cabin spot ( to sleep ) and make it a lot more expensive for the passenger , in addition to taking a lot more time . 
  they just drive through estonia to latvian border , afaik . 
   the biggest obstacle is probably the fact that the great port facility built by soviet union , like one in tallinn is not present in latvia . 
  i am not aware of soviet union building any great passenger port facilities here . 
  why would they ? 
  with soviet occupation , tallinn lost ship connection to helsinki and stockholm . 
  the former was restored only in 1960s with a single ship , and the latter in 1990 when estonia was already about to restore independence . 
  what they did build here was a large commercial port in muuga . 
   also , i 'm extremely confused as to why you think we would n't have significant links without eu . 
  massive state sponsorship of estonia from finland started long before we became members of the block . 
  i have n't said we would n't have significant links , i said they would not be as good without eu . 
  the ones extending their booze trip to latvia must be really crazy because i ca n't imagine it being profitable at that point . 
  even tallinners do n't do that . 
  however , it 's become widespread in southern estonia . 
  i actually want to see how the government thinks it can avoid the same fate as finland when it rises taxes unproportionaly high compared to neighbours . 
  also , eu has indeed played a big role in boosting connections . 
  i doubt we would have free travel without it , not to mention same currency . 
  and indeed , let 's not forget eu has directly supported projects in both port of helsinki and port of tallinn for tallinn-helsinki connection , in addition to several infrastructural integration projects ( estlink electricity connection , balticconnector gas pipeline ) . 
  hmm , i just love the mysterious effects of eu integration . 
  by the way , i 've wondered , is there massive travel and commuting between vienna and bratislava ? 
  i mean , considering how freaking close they are , and slovak-austrian wage cap , i 'd expect it to be at least as popular as estonians working in finland . 
  yeah , it 's not likely they would have any serious problems with the requirements . 
  especially considering bulgaria has returned to stable growth , lev is pegged to euro ( small chance of inflation spikes ) and their debt level is among lowest in eu . 
  the most likely problem , imo , would actually be yet another greek crisis which would damage support for changeover among public and government .
