  russia has lost quite a lot because of its actions . 
  they 'd be rather stupid to believe otherwise . 
   to open diplomatic talks with russia to solve the situation in ukraine . 
  that would require russia to firstly admit that annexing crimea was a very hostile move and it 'd be ready to compensate for it ( in addition to everything , a part of economy was also lost due to annexation ) to ukraine , and secondly , get everything out of eastern ukraine and oppose those pseudostates , returning ukraine 's integrity ( without crimea ) . 
  that 's the thing , if russia did at least the latter part , i 'm sure sanctions would go . 
  if nothing changes , there 's no reason to remove them . 
  okay , we have problems with russia , but going crazy is not going to solve them . 
  making energy so damn expensive would give a heavy blow to european economy , not to mention to russia , where eu is # 1 export market . 
  yes , we should find alternatives to russia , as much as we can . 
  it 's wise to have an alternative in case things do n't work out with russia . 
  but at the same time , it 's not a secret that more connections and open economics means more trade , creating more value . 
  russia wo n't disappear , 2/3 of its population lives in and most of its infrastructure and important cities are in europe . 
  their propaganda might state they 'll be replacing europe with asia , but it 's really not possible . 
  yes , they might sign a few deals and trade might really inch up more to asia , but europe will stay their main trading partner in the foreseeable future . 
  just look at their eurasian union , intended to compete with eu . 
  since founding in 2015 , trade between its members has actually drastically dropped . 
  that 's because they are not a strong enough independent economy , and not even integrated too well , and trade follows price of oil and exchange rate fluctuations more than anything else . 
  it 's basically one big resource economy ( russia ) , a middle sized resource economy ( kazakhstan ) and then some poor and dependant countries added . 
  do n't forget luxembourg , which , despite being the wealthiest eu country , is not only a net receiver of eu funds ( seriously wtf ?!, 
  ) , but it 's also basically a tax haven leeching off from wealth created in rest of eu . 
  all that while we have crisis countries like greece suffering , people in bulgaria still having miserable life standards etc. 
   i was checking the numbers this morning and it seems that 2010 was the ` turning point ' for estonia . 
  since then population has slowly increased ( last year more people moved to estonia than left ) . 
  i think only this year , the population turned to increase , due to immigration . 
  2010 was the year we achieved a temporary natural increase ( more births than deaths ) , but we 've fallen back to natural decrease since then . 
   it would not surprise me if next time ( 2011-2021 ) estonia is light red/dark red everywhere . 
  definitely not . 
  the rural areas will keep emptying . 
  tallinn with its suburbs will surely show a strong growth , and some bigger and more successful towns such as tartu , p\u00e4rnu , viljandi , rakvere , kuressaare , especially their suburbs , might also grow a bit . 
  no , only a few ones joined , creating a map with some errors ( such as the dark red areas ) , but general picture is true . 
  the population has indeed , decreased considerably less than in latvia and lithuania . 
  the explanations could be : * higher wages . 
  average monthly net wage in q2 2016 was 937 $ in estonia , 616 $ in latvia and 601 $ in lithuania . 
  we 're more expensive aswell , true , but not by that much . 
  * higher birth rates . 
  latvia and lithuania have caught up now , but birth rate was higher in estonia last decade . 
  * finland . 
  due to geographical proximity , great ferry connection and linguistic similarity , estonians can work in finland and still live in estonia . 
  whereas latvians-lithuanians do n't have such ` rich cousins ' so they move to english-speaking countries like uk and ireland , which are also far enough to not keep them returning , and they move permanently . 
  that 's nice to hear , but i do n't think finns are particularly less friendly than estonians , you just might not have been as lucky with the people you met . 
  i 'm more or less aware of that , but bulk of the economy is still made up of services and industry that 's not related to those . 
  i mean , machinery , forestry ( although you do have a lot of forests which is also a natural resource ) , companies like nokia ( although that 's decline quite a bit ) , kone etc. 
  exactly . 
  diversity in a positive meaning would be something with more and more international students and lecturers each year in university towns . 
  with enterpreneurs and skilled labour from abroad moving into business centres . 
  people who find a partner abroad moving in . 
  more international tourists could be included aswell . 
  what we often see in europe , however , are groups of similar foreign people with low education , forming their small ghettos and not integrating into the society . 
  and as more people from the same region come , they just add up to those . 
  that kind of ` diversity ' i 'd rather not have at all . 
   estonia will relatively soon surpass finland as a country hah , i wish . 
  i do n't get that pessimism in finland . 
  you 're ranked # 1 country in the world by many rankings . 
  for a country with not much natural resources , a not very long period of independence ( compared to older european countries ) , it 's an incredible success story . 
  everybody looks up to you in estonia . 
   there are 2 reasons why estonians might not be liked : crime `` steal '' jobs , huge % of our construction workers are estonians . 
  also , a lot of estonians who work there are fuckying annoying people . 
  low education , very cocky attitude ( partly because they earn more than their estonian counterparts ) and in general , a limited mind , where life revolves only around alcohol and women . 
  we call them `` kalevipojad '' , but i do n't get why we use our national epos for such people . 
  random dark red areas in rural estonia are wrong , these municipalities have merged , but their total population has decreased . 
  the only growing regions in estonia are city of tallinn and its suburbs ( strongly exceeding other regions ) , suburbs of tartu , p\u00e4rnu , kuressaare and maybe a few bigger towns . 
  that 's it . 
  mhhmm , and russia itself had no responsibility over its own leaders , of course . 
  maybe remember all the huge protests in favour of yeltsin ? 
  yes , their economy keeps many elements from the soviet one . 
  most of the companies are in the hands of the government . 
  there are many big industrial companies , most of which are unable to keep up with western competitors and are inefficient . 
  however , i do n't see how this is relevant . 
  the life standards are lower than most of their neighbours ( ukraine being the exception ) belarus is not keeping its borders closed . 
  yes , you need a visa to the west , so that 's keeping many , but russia , especially st. petersburg and moscow , are still wealthy places to run off to . 
   balts represent majority in this sub , but it 's assymetry from actual population numbers . 
  for that reason , you have no morale grounds to say so . 
  i 'm not a [ balt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts ) , it 's a specific term for a ethno-linguistic group that includes speakers of baltic languages . 
  so latvians and lithuanians for short . 
   yes , we did n't saw required warm from west after cold war . 
  exactly this , what the hell ? 
  were there some rules for just how warm should west have been in order for russia to not position itself as a rival , instead of a partner ? 
  i also hope you remember that at first , the west acted very cooperative with soviet union/russia . 
  most countries were reluctant to support independence movement there ( such as those of baltics ) due to not wanting instability of the giant country . 
  only when it was clear that soviet union would have no future , did they restore ties to us . 
  after that , all post-soviet world had a very painful 1990s , where i do n't see how russia was treated worse than others . 
  in fact , if you look countries like ukraine , moldova or central asia ( except kazakhstan ) , they had it way worse . 
  so that should n't be a problem for russia . 
  if it is about not allowing russia to invade neighbours , which it way more likely is , then the problem is only and only in you . 
   even more , we see informational and economical aggression from the west , - it 's not our initiative , but that 's how we get to cold-war ii . 
  because of invading and annexing a neighbour . 
  seriously , how the hell could one think that 's something completely normal and acceptable . 
  in whose mind would europe and russia just move along and forget that ? 
  we have n't seen such stuff since wwii here . 
   that 's not entirely true , you keep making generalisations . 
  of course , i ca n't speak for entire russian population , but a lot of people are criticizes current government . 
  and then keep electing them back with no real opposition ever . 
  and continuing to blame the west , ukraine etc. 
   that 's right , eu population should condemn coup and color revolution in a rift of political tectonic plates . 
  eu does condemn coups , turkey being the latest example for that . 
  and the ` colour revolutions ' ? 
  no , it should n't . 
  that 's how baltics turned away from soviet union . 
  we had a peaceful revolution here . 
  what happened in ukraine , all the violence , was awful , bad and they did it very wrong , but the idea of a revolution itself was not shocking .
