  kinda obvious in my opinion , they have more than enough space there and they would n't be creating instability . 
   but crimea was russian for more than 200 years . 
  crimea - part of russia : 1783-1954 estonia - part of russia : 1710-1918 oh , it looks like we have to return to motherland . 
  what ? 
  even if we 'd agree that what happened in ukraine was a coup , illegal and what not , the difference is that this is ukraine 's internal affairs . 
  it does not justify invading the country and annexing its parts in any way . 
  russia itself has had some very undemocratic processes happen aswell , we have n't sanctioned them for that . 
   and about situation in ukraine , if eu care about self determination , what is wrong for crimea ? 
  isnt clear that people of crimea and east ukraine they dont want to live in new ukraine ? 
  and i guess they have right to do democraticly what they want . 
  its just hipocracy . 
  let me just bring a comparison . 
  we have russian-majority region in estonia as well . 
  theoretically , if they wanted to join russia , should we allow them ? 
  consider that estonians were a majority there before wwii and the region has always been part of estonia , it became majority russian-speaking due to massive immigration during soviet occupation ( when we had no say over who comes to our country ) . 
  i do n't have any special interest in crimea . 
  for us in the eu , the best solution would be for ukraine and russia to make peace and agree to final borders ( which we kinda assumed had already happened , considering there is a border treaty between ukraine and russia ) . 
  we would like to have peaceful neighbourhood and friendly relations with out neighbours . 
  but sure as hell do i watch extremely cautiously at attempts of russia expanding further . 
  they do like to make it clear that their neighbours are more of `` former territories '' than equal partners on international stage . 
  exploiting `` self-determination '' of formerly colonized territories to justify expanding the country of what is already world 's largest does not sound as noble , does it ? 
  or why would we agree with a world where large nations can just colonize their neighbours and later claim their lands as well , considering it 's us who will be losing from this . 
  maybe to turkey , it does n't seem as a threat . 
  to your neighbours , i bet it 's different . 
  things are not looking great for him , though . 
  statistics indicate that russia is crawling out of recession this year , while belarus is not doing the same . 
  belarus is already poorer than all of its neigbhours , except for ukraine . 
  if they keep falling behind , lukashenko has less and less basis to praise his `` balanced '' position . 
  of course their economy is improving , statistics confirm that . 
  it 's just their statistics for salaries and pensions do n't really give an idea of well off households , nor do the emigration rates . 
  it could be that companies in lithuania are very well off , while people not so much . 
  i do n't know , russia seems to have even more identity crises with him . 
  it 's like everything form czarist , soviet and post-soviet era are combined , despite being incompatible . 
  soviets kinda killed the czar , banned religion and blew up churches ( now orthodox church is a great ally for putin ) , yet you 'll find symbols and elements from all of them . 
  communist party celebrating religious holidays , soviet victories being celebrated with czarist symbols and what not . 
  there are even more reasons for acceptance , moving on , conciliation , partnership etc. 
  i mean , i have no trust for russian government right now , but really this `` eternal enemy '' and `` we have reasons for hate '' is just bullshit . 
  it 's not healthy to hate , mistrust maybe , but not hate . 
  i absolutely realise that it 's ppp-adjusted . 
  but lithuania is not some super-cheap country , it 's more expensive than poland and yet with lower wages . 
  remittances , at least according to [ this ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/lithuania/remittances ) are not enough for such effect . 
  they 'd add around 30 $ per month per person , which would not be enough to make such a difference . 
  let me have some reservations for that indicator , considering it claims lithuanian households consume more than portuguese , slovenes or czechs , despite having 600 $ average net wage ( or 250 $ average pension ) . 
  i also do n't think they would have such emigration if living standards were so high . 
  ouch . 
  so ussr when it comes to geoblock but wealthy $ - area when it comes to paying . 
  i really would n't want to pay a single cent to such publisher . 
   it costs them an arm and a leg to maintain it , and that 's in a very densely populated country of over 120 million people . 
  what is this `` an arm and a leg '' ? 
  it says nothing to me as you 'd assume i 'm not really familiar with japanese railway problems . 
  we have already lithuania using two gauges , it 'd make more sense to bring an example from that place . 
   do you have any idea what kind of bills are you looking at in a country with barely over a million to maintain two separate rail gauges ? 
  the maintenance costs have been estimated at 10 mio $ per year . 
  even if nobody would use it and we 'd have to cover all of that from state budget , it is an unnoticeably minuscule sum . 
   again , this is the problem . 
  you already chose the side to throw your gauntlet with in terms of politics , and now in terms of financing and military . 
  what is that even supposed to mean ? 
  you chose eu , now better cut relations with russia ? 
  what is finland doing then still trading and building railway links with them ? 
  or germany ? 
   and especially mention of my country as one of the chief financiers of such a project just confuses me . 
  where is that mentioned ? 
  i 've never heard anything like that in estonian or international media . 
   from what i can find , it looks like the double-track and electrified specs apply for coming kaunas-tallinn only . 
  which technically is separate project from pl-kaunas bit ( stupid , i know ) . 
  it 'd be kinda dumb to have this bottleneck just hanging there , so i assume it 'll be upgraded . 
  from what i remember , poland do n't have electrified rail for warsaw-lt yet too . 
  electrification of remaining sections may be another railbaltica stage . 
  indeed , this is pretty much what this is all about . 
  rail baltic was supposed to be high speed double track and electrified all the way , but now kaunas-warsaw is set up as another stage . 
  better than nothing , but i still have my doubts considering lithuania just built brand new line , how willing are they to build yet another one there ... 
   other than that , it 's built to railbaltica specs . 
  except that it 's single track , it 's not electrified and it does n't follow the agreed route . 
   from what i heard it 's supposed to be built at later point ( = never ) to allow re-routing if shit happens as well as connect vilnius and tartu to the euro network . 
  nope , no such talks here . 
  tartu has a connection to tallinn and riga at this point , they can hop on to rail baltic in those cities if necessary . 
  i wonder if slovenes have ever wanted to annex trieste . 
  such a nice city , so close and with coastline !, 
   because it 's more of a prestige project than a real necessity . 
  hey , it 's a necessity for us !, 
  anyway , why is via baltica a priority and not rail baltica ? 
  they 're more or less the same route , just road vs railway . 
  is n't it time to prefer more environmentally friendly solution ? 
  yes , expect us around 2030 or so . 
   put plans in to start converting your old one as well and get it actually done in reasonable time frame . 
  having two major rail standards in a country as small as that will cost you an arm and a leg . 
  it 's not very practical to switch gauges for us . 
  because of geography , our connections are primarily to russia . 
  we 'd create a big obstacle there . 
  i mean , even finland has n't changed theirs . 
  the railways will be competely different anyway , one is high-speed and the other is standard . 
   not sure if it 's latvia and lithuania or just lithuania that has the transit line for kaliningrad - that one should be kept and rent seeking from russia for resupplying kaliningrad should obviously continue . 
  all baltic countries have some significant rail freight from and to russia , and latvia-lithuania also with belarus . 
  not to mention passenger trains . 
   but local system should stick to a single standard if at all possible . 
  that would be ideal , but because eu and russia use different gauges , and we 're geographically where we are , we do n't have much choice . 
  i 'd rather not spend some huge sums on something that might not benefit us at all . 
   this section of euro-gauge is already in place and operating . 
  that 's not the correct one . 
  it 's 120km/h single track .
