  they 'll still have to fulfill all the criteria while being a member of erm ii . 
  baltics joined erm ii in 2004-2005 and lithuania , for example , was rejected in 2007 for exceeding inflation limit by 0.1 % . 
  i can assure you baltics have zero tolerance for any kind of activity with russian military here . 
  let 's not forget ukraine , georgia and moldova had one thing in common - they allowed russian troops on their territory . 
  what is more , we 're currently upgrading our border with russia . 
  and of course , there 's nato and its presence here is biggest it has ever been , and getting bigger in the near future . 
  who exactly would want to join russia here ? 
  even most russians would not want to give up these living standards and eu free movement in order to have putin for president . 
  wow you certainly did n't enjoy the [ communist era ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:hungarian_suicide_rate.png ) . 
  at last a ranking where nordics are not shining ... 
  i have n't seen k\u00f6ningsberg being used to refer to the city at all , unless in a historical context . 
  then again , i do n't live there or deal with that place much . 
  when are they going to complete the dom sovetov ? 
  lol , like the corrupt mafia of tallinn would be any better . 
  k\u00f6ningsberg is not used anymore indeed . 
  at least by what i see in german wikipedia , they still use german names for afromentioned polish cities , but not k\u00f6ningsberg for kaliningrad . 
  in fact , they specifically mention that name was in use only until 1946 . 
  stettin and breslau are used in german language . 
  even german wikipedia writes them like that . 
  it 's the same with wilno and lwow in polish . 
  and why should n't they ? 
  these are same cities which might have suffered some destruction in wars and have huge ethnic changes , but they have n't been wiped out like k\u00f6ningsberg . 
  reval and dorpat were german names for tallinn and tartu . 
  yuryev was russian name for tartu . 
  these have changed now , but it would n't be wrong for germans and russians to still use them . 
  what ? 
  k\u00f6ningsberg is dead allright , but others are just german/polish names for the cities , which are also still in use . 
   i just wish it was avoided altogether . 
  me too , but i think it was bound to happen . 
  i just ca n't see government 's actions as something provocative at all . 
  i mean , it was just relocating a monument . 
  from city centre to a proper cemetery , that is , so it could serve its purpose of commemoration , not public provocation . 
  completely reasonable . 
  however , we saw the fruits of 16 years of `` integration '' which were masses of rossiya-screaming hooligans looting tallinn . 
  a wake-up call that the `` integration '' process had been a total failure . 
  these were people that grew up in our capital city , many young enough to go to school in independent estonia , and yet they identified fully with russia , and shared values of putin 's russia . 
   us vs them mentality can never build a strong society . 
  of course it ca n't . 
  however , i do n't think estonia would ever be able or willing to adapt to a certain type of people . 
  that is those russians that have grown up in russian information world , share their values , do n't speak a word of estonian and most probably hate this country aswell . 
  i 'm sorry , but these are the type of people that should just leave estonia and return to russia , where they can live among their own . 
  there 's nothing for them here , and this country will never share their values . 
  people here have to share some common values , we just ca n't put together two different worlds . 
  it 's completely normal for russians to want good relations with their native country , of course , that 's not a problem at all . 
  but if one identifies with it more than with estonia , they 're probably living in a wrong country . 
  this is especially true for russia as our relations are very bad and identifying with them often translates into hating estonia . 
   if they wound announce that the monument will be moved on day x to a new location , then no rioting would take place . 
  oh , please . 
  the moment was already a gathering place of russian/soviet chauvinists and turned into a circus point , which was one of the main reasons it was decided to be relocated . 
  let 's not pretend it was some peaceful monument to one side of war or anything . 
  even mentioning `` occupation '' on the sign meant somebody was going to destroy it . 
  it was an active propaganda site playing the russian twisted rhetoric of history and russian media played an important role in that . 
  i happen to live in virumaa and we have a soviet monument close to monument to war of independence in rakvere . 
  i 'm not annoyed by it , if it was n't in place of destroyed estonian monuments , let it be . 
  it 's also a strongly majority-estonian town . 
  imo , it shows clearly that estonia and estonians would be a lot more tolerant towards russia and even soviet union , if there were n't so many russian chauvinists and putinists here , influenced by russian media , whitewashing history , provocating and spreading lies . 
  what happened with bronze soldier made things only worse , and no , estonians did n't start to distrust their government more . 
  their opinion of russia and russians became a lot worse . 
  so that 's the kind of influence russia has had here - strongly negative , divisive and incredibly hostile . 
  after relocating the monument , the government 's popularity rose to the highest level it has ever been in estonia . 
  which means such move was very heavily supported . 
  and yes , we know that there was opposition from russians , but honestly , how does their voice even matter there ? 
  they are mostly migrants that came to estonia after soviet invasion . 
  which means they did n't experience the stalinist-soviet crimes ( at least not in estonia ) , nor were they even here when the events happened for which the monument was put up ? 
  they have no connection to this monument at all , unless from a foreigner 's , occupier 's - that means russian-soviet - perspective , which they got from russian media . 
  and honestly , people that have grown up in russian media world from their birth have nothing to do with russia ? 
  not to mention russian media had active propaganda during the events , including spreading complete lies ( like the monument has been destroyed etc ) . 
   even after these new limitations , it 'll still be a wealth transfer from poorer people ( who travel aboard less ) to richer people ( who travel aboard more ) where the hell do you live ? 
  i can literally just walk across the border in town of valga ( ee ) / valka ( lv ) , go to a shop in latvia , and come back . 
  do n't need a single cent for that . 
  even ferries to finland are affordable to most , with trip there and back with less than 50 $ . 
  furthermore , if i did n't have to worry about roaming , it would even make it easier and cheaper . 
  only telia does that , and i 'm sure they only took that decision because of eu abolishing roaming anyway , as to grab customers from others before . 
  for example , we have operator elisa , that 's in estonia and finland . 
  estonia and finland are each other 's # 1 travel destination , so demand for abolishing roaming would be very high . 
  yet the company claims `` our customers are not interested in that '' . 
  yeah , right ? 
  i bet every second estonian would want roaming in finland to be abolished . 
  but he was the one that claimed if we review post-wwii borders , then it must be done on every case , you ca n't cherrypick . 
  so , why not same with administrative border changes in ussr , why not review all those too after they did that with crimea ? 
  i 'm waiting for russia to return those rightful estonian lands now , you know , from the totally-not-lying honest cooperative friendly positive president . 
  well , let me add some criticism :  putin : but i 'll tell you without joking : if someone wants to start revisiting the results of world war ii , well , let 's try to debate that topic . 
  but then we need to debate not only kaliningrad but the whole thing , from the eastern part of germany to lviv , which was part of poland , and so on and so forth . 
  where does such logic come from ? 
  likewise , we could also say that if putin started to rollback administrative changes of ussr , they should do that with everything . 
  i 'm waiting russia to return petseri and jaanilinn to estonia , that were transfered illegally from estonian ssr to russian sfsr . 
   and in terms of influence , yes , we would like russia 's influence to be more noticeable , more significant , but we are putting absolutely peaceful and positive content into this : economic influence , humanitarian influence , the influence derived from developing equal cooperation with our neighbors . 
  and this is what our foreign policy is aimed at . 
  and no one should doubt this . 
  `` peaceful '' and `` positive '' , wow . 
  you mean like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkpxqwe2rg8 ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axr6hzbvrvi ) with estonia ? 
  wow , thanks , we really could n't wait to have such influence of thieves and hooligans . 
  development and cooperation my ass . 
  russia does n't fund even a single school in estonia while estonia , a country of 1.3 million , needs to keep up a bilingual system because of soviet heritage . 
  where 's the cooperation here ? 
  maybe support your own compatriots with education , instead of aggression and propaganda , if you 're so worried about russian language ?!, 
  i 'm sorry , it 's hard to take this shit seriously . 
  exactly this . 
  how long are people going to take all the talk putin does seriously and instead look at the actions ? 
  it 'd be a lot better to use additional indicators , such as life expectancy , infant mortality , material deprivation ( such as not being to able to afford meat , consumer electronics etc ) , something concerning education etc.
