  however , we are also part of russian energy grid , that 's why there are expensive plans to convert it to central european or scandinavian one in about 10 years or so ( and which would also cost russia quite a lot , kaliningrad could become an isolated energy island ) . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  / u/cordaf is right , baltics * are * connected to russian power grid and if russia damaged its own lines next to baltics , our systems would indeed also shut down ( and vice versa ) . 
  it 's the result of chess master putin 's genious strategy of creating more and more enemies for mother russia . 
  not that i 'd approve this , but really , i have no sympathy either . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  finland and russia , both important trade partners for estonia , are in recession -  estonia 's exports go down . 
  as estonia 's economy is very dependant on foreign trade , this happens . 
  to be honest , there 's no enlargement to be seen for the next 5 years at least . 
  whoah , you 've gone too far . 
  i 'm really fond of many estonian small towns , such as kuressaare , viljandi , rakvere or v\u00f5ru . 
  actually , they look better than some kmhpp ... `` special '' parts of tallinn . 
  and tartu is nice too . 
  fallout 4 is maybe some abandonded monoindustrial towns in ida-virumaa . 
   staline purged any religion on sight for decades by litterally sending everyone to gulag concentration camps by the dozens of millions . 
  talking about hyperbole ... and you 're right , i mean it 's not like there 's a giant statue of jesus christ in poland or that poles are not one of the most religious nations in europe or anything ... 
  they 're commies . 
  / s  nice label for any country that is n't ex ussr . 
  i did n't mean iceland , finland or switzerland here , for example . 
  but yeah , calling one 's immigration policies failed is ` racist ' for you . 
  i do n't think there 's much sense in discussing with you . 
   so it means those incidents can keep happening regardless of immigration yeah , obviously those poles are radicalizing so fast and that 's why that terrorist attack in warsaw ... oh wait , that never happened . 
  in fact , terrorist attacks in europe happen * only * in those western european countries with failed immigration policies . 
  but you know , you stick with your `` dealing with hate preachers and networks '' and we 'll just not take your immigration policies as an example and we 'll see which side comes out as more peaceful . 
  i 'm sorry but if these refugees are mentally so weak and easily manipulated that they 'll become inhumane terrorists just because some european countries did not agree to take them in , feed , house and care for them , then i 'd rather not have even single one of them in my country . 
  well , now as you 're mentioning it , that should totally convince nordics how important it is to let us in . 
  it could result in world peace * !, 
  ^ ^ ^ terms ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ conditions ^ ^ ^ apply, 
  yes , we are only human and therefore egoistic so that some places and countries matter more to us , especially those that we 're in a close political , economical , monetary and military union , and generally share similar values with . 
  ouch , if this is true and one of the terrorists turn out to be a refugee , i 'm afraid central and eastern europe will completely close their doors to * any * refugee from africa and middle east . 
  the public opinion is already extremely negative and i 'm afraid further push could topple governments . 
  poland is the first example here . 
  not deport , but maybe at least stop bringing more . 
  it 's not a secret that we have huge issues with them and we 'd have more chance in integration if we 'd be dealing with a smaller , rather than a larger group . 
  actually , if poland would not get a sizeable muslim minority , they most probably will never have those problems - extermist islam , controversial mosques , suicide bombers , cultural conflicts ( cuisine , clothing , women 's rights ) etc. 
  there 's a reason such acts are currently happening in western europe and not in poland , you know . 
   but on the other hand soviet union did n't make a million of finnish civillians die of slow painful death you know where the name for molotov cocktail comes from ? 
  when soviet union ( foreign minister molotov ) declared to `` help their starving finnish neighbours with humantarian food drops '' in 1939 , they actually bombed finnish capital helsinki several times . 
  such a friendly act indeed . 
  finns called these `` molotov bread baskets '' and decided to return the favour with `` molotov cocktails '' as their `` humanitarian aid '' towards their eastern neighbours . 
  anyway , finland 's participation in the siege was minimal and only happened because of germany 's pressure . 
  soviet union actually made it worse because it invaded its neighbours and made them its enemies . 
  but they were an ally of germany directly because of soviet union 's invasion . 
  in a fair world , soviet union would have had to pay reparations to finland , not the other way around . 
  sweden may potentially overtake finland as estonia 's largest trading partner , it is already estonia 's largest export partner . 
  nevertheless , finland 's also a market for many estonian businesses , tens of thousands estonians work there , most tourists come from there etc. 
  i 'd say out of our neighbours , finnish performance affects us the most . 
   my main point is that government should put public transport ** investment ** as a priority , at least in large cities , like tallinn . 
  that 's the thing . 
  raising parking fees does not grant any investments in public transport . 
  let 's not forget that the city has many questionable projects that absorb taxpayers ' money ( tallinna tv , municipal shop , municipal bank ) . 
  i tend to think party propaganda is more of a priority for them right now as central party is showing huge signs of cracks and the mayor might be put behind bars soon . 
   god forbid they do something good for the russian population , right ? 
  ffs , this is our capital city . 
  they should not have any preferences to different ethnic groups . 
  the whole hospital plan sounds so ridiculous , it feels like savisaar , after getting his leg amputated in university of tartu hospital complex , was so impressed and now he does n't want tallinn to be worse . 
  so next time he needs a surgery , he could stay in the city . 
  ( and let 's be honest , the czar intends to rule it until death ) . 
  and this is dragging estonia along , our economy grew just 0.5 % yoy in q3 due to falling export ( russia is a factor here , too ) . 
  basically , parking will be as expensive as in oslo . 
  but i guess as drivers have never been their ( the city government - which consists of just one party ) main electorate , so they do n't really care ( especially as now they plan to build a huge hospital in lasnam\u00e4e aka their dearest voters ' district ) . 
  they can claim it is because of `` pan-european trend to give space back to pedestrians '' but in their case , that means of course rising prices ( filling the budget ) , not investing and actually improving the situation . 
  economically , looking at all the troubles the euro has had and is having , i 'm also very doubtful about its positive sides . 
  for estonia , the euro is fantastic . 
  estonia never had a sovereign monetary policy after regaining independence . 
  we adopted the * kroon * in 1992 and immediately pegged it to deutschmark , and then to the euro after germany adopted it . 
  not once have we used devaluation ( even as the economy plunged by nearly 15 % in 2009 ) , as to keep all the savings ( which has been important to a population which had to collect them from from scratch since 1990s ) and trust in an investment oriented economy . 
  we did have issues with exchanging and latvia , for example , had a small currency panic as speculations built up . 
  this was a danger to us , too , of course . 
  with the euro , these issues were eliminated and we got additional bonuses : easier travelling ( improvements in tourism ) , easier price comparison , more trust ( lower interests ) , a say in european monetary policies ( a tiny one , but still better than nothing ) etc. 
  it 's quite a similar story with latvia and lithuania . 
  however , if we look at southern european countries , which had quite volatile currencies before , and where devaluations were more common to regain competitiveness than in the north , we can see that their economic development has been weak during the euro , not to mention the huge crises . 
  i 'm not surprised that support towards the euro is lower there and i 'm not sure if they could maybe have had better performance without the single currency . 
  that 's awesome . 
  if only they would n't be constantly forgotten to put on maps . 
  you * almost * managed to name even the largest city in the usa . 
  those damn brits ruining dutch world domination plans . 
  of course they wo n't . 
  i forgot to add an / s. 
  a normal solution in this case should be to have at least somewhat more acceptable wage gaps - so that a bulgarian would n't earn 10 times more just because he/she changed their location inside the union [ to luxembourg ] - not closing border . 
  clearly they should cut costs and and give the region up now . 
  i mean , crimea needs these funds now . 
  although i do n't know which country would want that frankenstein ... 
   if estonian does n't use them in anything other than loanwords , then technically they should n't be displayed there either , i suppose . 
  we do n't , estonian uses only one sibilant - s , but \u0161 , z and \u017e are added for loanwords . 
  nah , russia imposed a partial trade embargo on estonia . 
  so there 's that . 
  nashi and inefficient ? 
  well , they did manage to fuel the hysteric rioting in tallinn with the excuse of ~ ~ fascists destroying the liberators ' monument ~ ~ relocating a soviet occupation monument to a cemetery , then attack estonian embassy in moscow , with finally many of their members declared * persona non grata * in estonia . 
  so great to hear it . 
  then all other eu countries should help our dear economic powerhouse and send * all * refugees there . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  you 're rich bastards . 
  everyone hates you . 
  i guess the tactics is to go so far that it stops being shameful and actually becomes part of the identity . 
  hey , finnair might even see some profits this year and that 's for a company with 33x the yearly turnover of estonian air . 
  ea had 10 million $ losses , if i 'm not wrong , it was the most unprofitable company in the entire country . 
  oh , and i 'm sure estonia would immediately take finnair if it could , it would ideally suit for the image aswell . 
  it 's just i 'm not sure finnish government wants to take that risk . 
  why so much hate towards music ?
