  one might claim that the monument represents something good ( many of us disagree ) , but even then , it was merely * relocated * , for god 's sake . 
  i ca n't see how anyone could see such violent riots and looting as normal or acceptable . 
  in the end , maybe this is a bit cynical , but again , i ca n't fully agree with the `` look how government ignored the poor oppressed minority '' . 
  for sure , the government has n't done enough . 
  and quite clearly do they share responsibility in the failure of integration . 
  but i mean , do n't you agree there is something also wrong with many russians in all post-soviet countries ? 
  they seem to share the chauvinist pro-kremlin and anti-locals mentality . 
  might it not be better for them to finally go back to russia , where they have never mentally even left ?!, 
  because the fact that we are not willing to adopt russian values , is rather clear by now . 
  if they ca n't accept , might be wise to think about it . 
  you know , there a lot of video clips about those events and your hear almost exclusively russian language there . 
  not to mention estonians give no fucks about some soviet monuments ... 
  i 'm also worried about stereotyping russians and blaming all of them as it does not do good . 
  but i also believe talking honestly about things and not hiding your head under the sand . 
  this was not `` random youth looting '' , this was absolutely related to russians . 
  the title is not factually correct , considering there were some hothead estonians pariticpating as well . 
  they were a minority , but still . 
  some ( especially russian media ) claim that it was estonian government that provoked the events , but imo , that 's absurd . 
  what kind of people go rioting , looting , stealing , shouting `` russia '' and burning estonian flag because a monument was to be relocated ?!, 
  i mean , even if they claim that this was only reaction to that specific decision , how can you keep a straight face ? 
  if you claim such violence and chauvinism is completely normal reaction for you , i have news for you -- it 's not for us , and we certainly are not going to accept such behaviour . 
  and we advise to consider moving to another country where it is normal . 
  the monument itself is , of course , controversial . 
  russians claim it commemorates the fallen that liberated europe from fascism . 
  many estonians , however , feel that celebrating soviet victory in estonia is hypocritical already , considering that the country occupied and carried out violent repressions in estonia already in 1940 , before nazis even reached here . 
  so claiming `` liberation '' is extremely cynical and wrong . 
  what is more , we know estonians did n't really contribute much to soviet victory , which is why this is felt as a completely foreign , if not even a hostile symbol . 
  anyway , the monument itself was n't even such a big problem , but the gatherings there become more and more chauvinist each year , with drunk pro-russia retards , soviet flags etc. 
  so in 2007 , estonian government took a sudden decision to move it to a military cemetery instead . 
  what followed was massive media war from russia that also ignited local russians to `` protest against fascism '' . 
  it turned out to be the most violent and wide-spread looting and riot in independent estonia . 
  of course this was a shock to estonia . 
  there are rarely even normal protests here . 
  i do n't remember any violent ones apart from this . 
  this event revealed the strong divisions between estonian-speakers and russian-speakers in estonia . 
  russians ' trust for estonian state institutions , as well as eu , dropped . 
  estonians ' trust for russia and more importantly , local russians dropped , while trust for state institutions increased . 
  oh , and we also had trade blocks from russia because of that . 
  the general attitude towards russia plunged to almost rock bottom . 
   ise oled `` triggered '' . 
  cool story bro . 
  well , it 's definitely something we take into account already . 
  that 's why we have flairs . 
  it 's just not the * only * thing to discuss . 
   it 's way too easy and fun to talk to each other based on our flairs . 
  so how much weed have you consumed today ? 
  i mean it 's not very healthy that way . 
  if i try to criticize russia , it 's often that `` oh of course , you hate everything russian etc '' . 
  i 'm well aware that we 're less fond of russia than your average european country , but that does n't mean each of us has some inherent hate for them , which would render my arguments worth nothing . 
  it 's the same for serbs , you ca n't just be `` serbs are all pro-russia anyway '' and be done with it . 
  or well , you can , but that does n't really contribute much . 
  some of us ca n't have full sovereignity , we need to share it with partners of common values , because we happen to be in the neighbourhood of countries that would otherwise immediately try to exploit our small size and power to expand their ` sphere of influence ' . 
  you know , i disagree with the op 's statement , but it 's childish to get triggered by it and fall to such low levels as well . 
  it 's not like we were some aryan master race either , we were mongols ourselves because we did n't speak an indo-european language . 
  that 's of course until finland turned out to be a rather strong obstacle to soviets . 
  but hey , do n't keep away from stereotypes and russian propaganda ( because estonia as a country definitely could not take part of the holocaust , and would have not either even if it could as it had cultural autonomy for jews ) , i 'm sure that will make your point . 
  maybe we should concentrate less on the author 's country of origin and more on the content ? 
  although we kinda are from the same mother , y' know . 
  so what will happen to lithuania ? 
  i know there is rather big emigration from lithuania , but at the same time , i also know minorities have emigrated even faster . 
   all the people who milked their natural resources ? 
  so just common capitalists that hunt for profits anywhere in the world ? 
  i have bad news for you , they are out to get everyone , including greece . 
   nato who keep expanding towards their borders in search of an enemy ? 
  you mean countries that keep joining nato , some of whom might happen to also border russia . 
  again , this is not a place russia should point fingers , this is where they should think * why * are these countries doing that . 
   all the people mistreating russian minorities ? 
  now this is very very vague . 
  according to russian propaganda , even demanding soviet-era migrants to learn the language of their new country is mistreating . 
  i mean , russia is free to take these people back . 
  if they do n't come , then what 's the problem ? 
  you want eu to fall , but you do n't explain why . 
  instead , you just say why the benefits it brings are not enough or are dubious . 
  this is very weak basis for such a dramatic opinion . 
  could you elaborate why , for example , do you think lithuania would be better without eu ? 
  it was almost 3 million votes . 
  europe will definitely miss coverage from a russian state propaganda channel . 
  how does it even make sense ? 
  i 'm far-left at one moment , and then far-right at the other . 
  it kinda makes you believe the statement that political spectrum is not a line , but a circle , where extremes meet . 
   if someone had dealt with the oligarchy in ukraine the same way putin did in russia the country would have been in a better shape today . 
  putin got lucky with the energy windfall , but he no doubt also ushered through important reforms . 
  yet russia is still the most unequal economy in europe . 
  he might have got things a bit better , but it 's absolutely not a success story . 
  average russian 's income has increased , but most of the country 's immense wealth still circulates in oligarchs ' pockets . 
   would you say estonia is rich purely due to eu aid and money sent back from citizens in western europe ? 
  the first is definitely helping a lot , especially with investment into rural areas . 
  the latter is n't that important for estonia . 
  instead , a lot of people work in finland , but still live ( periodically ) in estonia . 
  ca n't say if it 's only positive as we lose workforce like that . 
  but interests of individuals are set to a higher priority than those of the state . 
  now whether the eu money is result of most of the wealth , nah . 
  it makes up some 3 % of the gdp , which is significant , but not something vital . 
  but eu is more than the funds , it 's also the largest single market in the world , it influences ( especially less developed countries ) to reform , it acts as a strong umbrella against foreign players . 
  now even though i 'm sure estonia would n't be on the level of moldova without eu , it 's not hard to see those former socialist countries that have been left outside eu are doing significantly worse ( let 's keep russia out from the comparison due to vast natural resources ) . 
  so who is there out to get russia ? 
  i would personally love if eu and russia would be close allies . 
  i would feel more secure , the economy would improve , there would n't be the possiblity to use russia as a scapegoat for internal politics etc. 
  but sure , believe in some unexplainable disease . 
  i 'm sure * that 's * the issue with russia .
