  not to mention how they scam rich tourists with sky high prices . 
   not so long ago , hungary 's taxi fares have been unified regardless of which company you choose . 
  this , in a way , kind of killed the competition , as all they can do to stand out , is provide better quality in cars and drivers and alikes . 
  currently the base fare for taxis is 450 huf ( cca . 
  1.7 $ ) and the kilometer fee is 280 huf ( cca . 
  1 $ ) for everyone . 
  wtf , hungary ? 
  have you not heard of market economy ? 
  should n't you have snow at this time ? 
  anyway , which one is responsible for wind ? 
  denmark would probably need that one . 
  obviously west bank is historically estonian and rightfully belongs to us !, 
  those settlements are totally legal and justified . 
  do n't you guys have , you know , same gods ? 
  like thor ? 
  well , i would n't oppose taxing fuel in essence , but it 's absurd how fast they 're doing it . 
  based on current plans , estonia , which currently has one of cheapest fuels in eu will become one of the expensive ones in 4 years . 
  it 's like the government must eliminate any cost edges we have over competitors ( like latvia , lithuania , finland ) because we 're already `` rich and nordic '' according to them . 
  unfortunately , economic indicators tell otherwise . 
  `` fair allocation '' i 'm quite sure we who can actually protect our part of external eu borders and who already have eu 's highest share of foreigners would consider fair share to be exactly 0 . 
  then again , i 'm sure germans and greeks think otherwise . 
  that 's exactly what estonia is doing , btw . 
  `` safety '' is a very vague term and depends heavily on the measuring indicators . 
  for example , it seems here that poland is way safer than estonia , even though i 'd argue otherwise . 
  for example , estonia has a bad homicide rate , true , but almost all of such crimes are committed by some hobos or drunkards during fights between themselves . 
  you are way more likely to die in a traffic accident , where estonia has smaller death rate than poland . 
  but that 's not measured at all , so the results reflect on very specific indicators . 
  i 'm waiting for the day eu could finally solve at least one of the crises . 
  instead , we seem to be getting new ones . 
  but gays are evil and obviously infect other normal straight people . 
  trust us , we 've grown up in ussr and courageously avoided any brainwashing . 
  in fact , we 've not been affected even one inch by soviet ideology or values , whereas the current youth are already completely brainwashed by western media with their tolerance . 
  we need to keep our traditions and must not let foreign ideology invade us !, 
  do n't worry , our conservatives make sure that we 'll never leave eastern bloc as long as they can make it so . 
  good luck in keeping down the surge in euroscepticism if eurozone members are forced to pay for others ' debts . 
  it will likely guarantee that no further members will join the common currency . 
  also , your flags . 
  it 's like you do it on purpose . 
  hmm , it seems you forgot montenegrin language . 
  there 's also room for kaliningradese . 
  i 'd still consider poland as central european , together with czechs , slovaks and hungarians . 
  their situation and history is considerably different than belarus , russia and ukraine , which would be eastern europe for me . 
  * noarootsi * would mean literally * knife 's sweden * in estonian . 
  i have no idea where the knife comes from , though . 
  estonian-swedish places are , afaik , the only official bilingual names in estonia , apart from south estonian , which is often considered just a dialect . 
  putin seems to think the world was ` balanced ' when soviet union and usa rivalled and now with only usa left , it has become unbalanced which is obviously bad . 
  however , for europe , the ` balanced ' era meant artifically divided continent with half of europe occupied by su and a failed ideology of communism forced upon them . 
  why would he think we 'd actually want that back ? 
  exactly . 
  russia ( putin ) has a unique view on the topic that no other country in europe even remotely shares . 
  nobody wants to isolate russia here . 
  it is but the problem is that the change seems to be happening by the rise of far-right , who are often euroscpetic and pro-putin . 
  that 's really not an outcome in favour of baltics . 
  okay , the picture was from anti-immigration demonstration in riga , which is why i think we have a small misunderstanding about the topic . 
  what i see as an overreaction here is the behaviour of people in baltics over those few hundred refugees coming here . 
  why ca n't we contribute at least something while millions are escaping their homes ? 
  remember , people do n't want to admit but we do have a moral debt over our own history ( yes , it 's annoying to compare those , especially considering the cultural differences , but it 's still there ) and we are in eu . 
  what is more , we have the privilege to pick suitable migrants/refugees , while some european countries suffer from continuous uncontrollable flow . 
  i am very much aware of what 's happening in germany and sweden and i understand when people are against that . 
  the demonstration in the picture was about something else , though . 
  those analogies are getting ridiculous and out of touch . 
  my left arm is insured through health insurance like estonia is insured against islamization through its socio-economic policies and conditions ( aka there 's not a mass of muslims coming here , or wanting to come ) . 
   there is a mosque in estonia . 
  it is indoors . 
  that 's basically an islamic cultural centre , not a proper mosque . 
  otherwise , i do n't know how many thousand churches we could count here . 
   also , there is nothing weird about trying to avoid future threats . 
  you do have car insurance , right ? 
  weird analogy . 
  you 'll get an insurance on stuff that are likely to need it . 
  that 's why you insure your car or your house , but not your left arm , for example . 
  how likely is islamization in estonia ? 
  you also wo n't protest against sexual violence just because it exists somewhere in the world . 
  you 'll do it if it becomes , or seems to become a problem in your country . 
  i ca n't see masses of muslims coming here or planning to do that , can you ? 
   is that mean that country economy shrinked by 15 % in just one day ? 
  real gdp , no . 
  nominal gdp , yes . 
  if russian ruble dropped 15 % in a day against the euro , size of russian economy would shrink 15 % in nominal terms compared to eurozone . 
  that 's exactly because goods and services produced in russia during that period just became 15 % less valuable in my currency . 
  do n't mix it up with real gdp , which is measured in the domestic currency . 
  but that ca n't be used when comparing different countries with different currencies without applying the exchange rates . 
  that 's only if prices and wages go hand in hand . 
  if i 'm in estonia and sell apples there , after devaluation , i would have to sell my production cheaper , so i 'd still get less money . 
  which would still make russia a smaller market . 
  if their currency strenghtens , their market basically gets larger for me . 
  that 's why it 's good to use nominal data when comparing the size of economy . 
  how weird to see estonian flag in a protest against islamization considering there is not even a single mosque in estonia . 
  that left me wondering too , why hungary is somehow forgotten but belarus , for example , not . 
  for their business partners , russia has indeed shrunk by 30-40 % and that reflects clearly in trade volumes . 
  nominal gdp is actually important in many ways , and comparing the size of economies is definitely one of those . 
  for example , as an estonian , why should i care how many apples can a russian buy with their wage ? 
  their market is still considerably smaller than germany 's , which means i can sell way less there . 
  `` massive '' you are experiencing an increase in unemployment as oil sector is cutting and this might drag the economy down a bit , but other sectors seem to be doing fine with 3 % growth in q3 . 
  anyway , you have like $ 800 billion fund to rely on if things should get really bad . 
  norway will quite certainly stay one of the richest countries in the world . 
  in estonia , you usually have bank links ( 4 most popular banks usually ) on the site which needs a transaction - you have to log in to your bank account ( via id-card or password card ) , pay for the good/service , and then you 're redirected to the site which then says you 've paid for the thing . 
  however , i 'm also aware that most debit cards here ( which are like 98 % of all bank cards here ) have actually the `` credit card '' function , those last 3 numbers or so have been added so it should n't be an issue . 
  i 've not dealt with such transactions lately , though . 
  digital single market please already .
