  anyway , you did n't give any opinion on my arguments , like how would you imagine a country working when 1/3 citizens do n't even speak the offical language ( and get their information from a foreign hostile country ) . 
  ireland is one of few countries that uses * ius soli * in europe , but most countries in europe do not give citizenship based on whether people were born on their territory or not . 
  estonia and latvia are rather just following mainstream europe with their * ius sanguinis * , though their situation is exceptional because of heavy ethnic changes during occupation . 
  that 's not ` bad for everyone ' , though . 
  estonia and latvia took the decision to not grant citizenship automatically for soviet migrants because they had had heavy ethnic changes during occupation . 
  to get citizenship , soviet migrants needed to learn estonian/latvian and apply for it . 
  how would you imagine the countries would have worked if 1/3 citizens did n't even speak the offical language ? 
  most of them were russians that followed russian media , just as most do now . 
  they are heavily influenced by what comes out from moscow . 
  if all those people could decide for estonia 's and latvia 's politics , that would pretty much give moscow a huge leverage over the countries . 
  yes , i agree that it was unfair to many people , but the truth is , i do n't find it unreasonable to ask for at least a common language to get a citizenship . 
  estonians and latvians have the right for self-determination , and do n't have to adapt to migrants in their own countries . 
  i have not indeed . 
   i think they found out about kinmix - ethnically russian living in latvia and writing pro-russian posts under latvian flag . 
  at least he ( she ) feels confident to identify with latvia . 
  there are those that would n't even pick the ` fascist ' flag . 
  i mean , i 'd rather deal with pro-russian values than those who outright hate the country they live in . 
  i 've had the unpleasantness of meeting one such russian here . 
  the elections have failed . 
  presidential election system surely needs changing as it 's too time-consuming and too complicated . 
  how come ? 
  she 's an experienced diplomat and worked as minister of foreign affairs . 
  international relations is exactly her thing . 
  fortunately , because imo , sky high ratings are not normal for democracies . 
  but kaljurand had the most support among men and women , the old and the youth , estonians and russians , and was # 1 or # 2 across all parties . 
  i mean , as president is a rather symbolic position and one of the purposes is to balance the society and unite groups , kaljurand would fit perfectly . 
  also like heavily influenced by their political party ? 
  i understand that people do not elect the president , so public opinion is not decisive , but honestly , when you have one so clearly above all the others , that could be something you 'd take into account . 
  kaljurand out . 
  that 's disappointing . 
  such a step with her ~ 40 % support of people , it 's like politicians want to distance themselves from commoners as much as possible . 
   mailis reps - pro russian candidate from the pro russian party she 's not a pro-russian candidate . 
  she represents central party 's more balanced wing , the one that opposes savisaar . 
  in fact , i believe if their wing could take over the party , they might have a chance of getting back some estonian voters . 
   marina kaljurand - also from reformierakond ( the party that has been in power i think at least 15 + years ) not from reformierakond , has never been a member of it . 
  she had close ties with them when she was in the government , but has since openly distanced herself . 
  finland has the advantage of being a friendly highly developed western country . 
  invading it would be seen as a crazy aggression by the whole world , which would push russia into full isolation , and increase anti-russia sentiments to sky high , which would , in turn , start pressuring for massive retaliation , either economic or military . 
  well , finland 's so unrealistic that it 's taking it too far already . 
  hmm , is this an attempt to trigger me ? 
  definitely not , but the bulk of the comments seem to be the repetitive stances that you 've heard 100 times before in any thread concerning conflict with russia . 
  and mind you , we also have loyal minions of / r/russia ready to serve their leader , which just adds to a flame war . 
  but i 'm not even emphasizing one 's position here , but more about the level of discussion . 
  if you bring out that , in fact , geographically , baltics are a lot more vulnerable than ukraine , and from that point of view , explain the need of defence , i approve . 
  instead , i see more of a youtube comment section . 
  it 's difficult to think of a scenario where russia would invade lithuania or poland . 
  especially the latter , which is a big country full of people that are ready to stand for their country and in a georgraphically good location . 
  lithuania has a worse position as it 's sandwiched between belarus and kaliningrad . 
  if russia was to take all baltics , it would definitely invade lithuania , to cut them off from rest of nato & eu . 
  however , because a direct russian invasion of nato is very unrealistic ( though , of course , it 's a possibility and should be prepared for in defence ) - considering it would be direct attack on eurozone , eu , nato etc , basically the western world , and without any possiblity of hiding it , russia could potentially be declaring wwiii with that - so let 's take a more realistic option . 
  the most likely scenario would be similar to ukraine . 
  exploiting the russian minority , which are significant only in latvia and estonia . 
  furthermore , while lithuania gave citizenship to all people that came there during ussr , estonia and latvia did not . 
  that 's been a recurring topic when russia releases its annual russophobia and discrimination statements here . 
  this would be exploited as to show the `` constant discrimination / apartheid regime '' where russian minority has suffered , and now should be liberated from . 
  now when we talk about nato membership and nato ( including us ) troops in baltics , i support that but not because i 'd actually be afraid of an invasion right now ( it helps to protect from that too , but it 's very unrealistic ) . 
  instead , it 's more about sending a message - that we wo n't stand idle , nobody will be doing what russian wants and invasions will bring several negative reactions to them . 
  `` russia would never invade '' is wrong , of course , but a direct invasion is so unlikely that i 'd even see a revolution in belarus and conflicts arising from that a bigger possibility . 
  but russia 's pressure through minorities will continue nevertheless , and that 's where they 'd most likely strike from . 
  instead of such analysis , i see just `` russia will invade , look at ukraine '' . 
  and that 's it . 
  it adds nothing to the discussion . 
  i do n't know , i 'd expect some criticism and arguments in the comments when the article is shit/outdated etc. 
  instead , i feel like i get dumber when i read them . 
  on the opposite . 
  we do n't get any new information or at least slightly balanced opinions , instead it 's just `` russia will invade us immediately do n't deny putinbot !, 
  ! 1 '' and `` those russohphobic us puppets are so brainwashed '' like in every other similar thread . 
  i do n't even know why i read them at this point . 
  you 're quite right with ` more nordic ' , because the idea seems to be that it 'd still be more dynamic and with not ` too high ' taxes . 
  but yes , the ultra low tax regime is not saint anymore . 
  honestly , estonia 's been fighting more aggressively against tax evasion for years already and it seems eu has taken tax havens and corporations under its radar . 
  i support those as i think it 's fair that states get their taxes and some companies do not have unfair advantage from tax evasion . 
  hopefully , this will be a major change in our economic system , a change in that tax evasion would not be tolerated in any part of eu anymore , and it would n't be ` part of our culture ' for anybody . 
  would be welcome , considering the debt crisis and bad state of government finances in several european countries . 
  well , til . 
  i do n't even know if there 's an estonian term for those . 
  university is free in estonia , but you have to fulfill at least 75 % of the study plan , or else you 'll have to start paying . 
  healthcare is mostly government-provided through a system called * haigekassa * ( `` sick fund '' ) . 
  the scope of this has been expanded from time to time , but estonians ' still pay a bigger share than europeans on average . 
  if i remember correctly , it was around 20 % . 
  the state still struggles to find money each year and waiting lines are huge . 
  dental care is fully to be paid by customers ( free for under-19 and support mechanisms for pensioners , though ) . 
  the government just decided to reintroduce a small support ( 30 $ / year ) starting next year , fortunately . 
  this is definitely an issue because estonians ' teeth health is not too good . 
  in general , when we talk about social support , these have been increased in recent years , though we 're lightyears behind nordic countries . 
  estonia tries to shift to such model , but the wealth level and competition from latvia and lithuania are obstacles . 
  however , considering the extremely-business-friendly but horrible-for-people system that has been in baltics that 's caused mass emigration , i do n't think that 's really viable in long term . 
  i mean , people are more valuable than those investments . 
  lithuania might have had good economic growth , but with such a massive emigration , i do n't think it 's a role model at all . 
  i hope i get it right by out-of-pocket expenses you mean our everyday expenses , like petrol , electricity etc ? 
  well , using eurostat as the most trustworthy source for eu data , [ electricity prices ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/electricity_price_statistics ) in estonia are one of the lowest in eu , similar story with [ petrol ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/energy_price_statistics ) . 
  however , there 's no data for other important costs like heating , which really takes a big bite from estonians ' income every winter . 
  considering poles have been more active in renovating their communist era apartments and warmer climate , i 'm sure that is less of an issue for them . 
  then we have [ food prices ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/comparative_price_levels_for_food,_beverages_and_tobacco ) . 
  poland is the cheapest country in eu , suprisingly even cheaper than bg and ro . 
  estonia 's considerably more expensive , far from eu average , but only a bit cheaper than spain . 
  services , i imagine , are with comparable prices , considering not-too-different wage levels . 
  import products are probably a bit cheaper there due to being a bigger market . 
  the whole crisis has been shifted mainly on consumers . 
  companies are not firing people , so employment has not changed - a safe bet to avoid social issues , but productivity falls .
