  not , for example , their own complete lack of criticism of the country , especially its foreign policy , or the aggressive attitude towards their neighbours etc. 
  russia is undoubtedly a lot wealthier than ukraine . 
  however , how much of it has to do with the fact that they happen to have the world 's largest pool of natural resources ( which is also their main export ) , unlike ukraine , and how much with putin actually managing to reform the country ? 
  i tend to believe the former plays the decisive role . 
   uh , not really , with the exception of albania which was truly the north korea of europe , most people in the eastern block lived better than people in the ussr . 
  everyone forgets that because they always compare to the west , and yeah in that regard it looks terrible . 
  people in east germany , poland , czechoslovakia , hungary all lived better than their cccp counterparts . 
  their subsequent transition was also less painful . 
  but they were not part of ussr . 
  that 's a very big difference . 
  the satellites had to transfrom from socialist economy to a market one , and from dictatorship to democracy . 
  but ussr had to deal with all that , plus a collapse of an entire country , all the integrated system built in 70 years crumbling . 
  that 's why the latter had it much worse with the collapse of communism . 
   what does this have to do with anything ? 
  it has to do with this victimized russia image . 
  yes , they suffered and they had it bad . 
  yes , there are things to criticize about the west . 
  but i just ca n't buy the story how west somehow is responsible for russia 's troubles and it turning away from western values . 
   this all only makes sense . 
  its the rump state of the ussr , who were they supposed to give it to kazakhstan ? 
  it was a practical move more than anything , not a gift from the west . 
  they could have given to maybe a more relevant power , like india . 
  it was n't a gift , but it was also a sign that there was n't some masterplan to kill russia . 
  i do n't know who are social democrats in france , but here , social democracy is something resembling the nordic model , not that far-left/communist/pro-russia ideology that melenchon follows . 
   what properties ? 
  * historical artifacts of university of tartu . 
  `` evacuated '' from tartu to voronezh during wwi , but never returned . 
  * properties of estonian postal museum . 
  stolen during soviet occupation of estonia . 
  * medal of the president of estonia . 
  stolen during occupation . 
  is n't he ? 
  yes , it was a horrible time for russians . 
  the 90s was basically a chaos . 
  poverty , crime , unemployment all skyrocketed . 
  economy went to shit . 
  nothing worked well . 
  their reputation was destroyed . 
  and so on . 
  but how the fuck does that justify all the shit russia is doing ? 
  firstly , russia is shitting over countries that suffered the same . 
  do you think russia exclusively took the pain of ussr collapse while rest of former ussr just enjoyed the ride ? 
  nope , it was just as bad elsewhere . 
  i 'd argue that countries like ukraine or moldova had it even worse as they did n't recover to such extent as russia . 
  but russia does n't see a problem in invading and annexing parts of them . 
  they 're shitting on countries that suffered even more . 
  when it comes to e.g. 
  western banks exploiting that , i 'm sure they did exactly that , but they are private enterprises aimed at earning profits . 
  that 's exactly what they 're supposed to do . 
  was russia generally , you know , thrown under the bus ? 
  i ca n't agree , they got the success state status of ussr and they kept ussr 's position at un security council , for example . 
  they were accepted into g7 . 
  eu had talks with visa freedom with russia before invading crimea etc. 
  we made a peace treaty with soviet russia . 
  russia is the successor state of soviet union . 
  therefore , we should be getting our properties back , right ? 
  he also `` only '' wants to give russia rights to redraw eastern european borders . 
  sorry , this guy is a fucking commie and it 's shocking how in addition to le pen , such extremists enjoy so much support in france . 
  i feel so sorry for you . 
  oh god , i know being nordic is such a dream , but would it be worth in such an inhumane climate ? 
  ehh ... maybe we can become a mediterranean country instead ? 
  there seems to be room between spain and italy ... 
   orthodox nations still do n't get how that works . 
  i mean , if anyone were to say that we 're allies with usa because we are `` protestant brothers '' , we would be looking at them with the weirdest look ever . 
  that 's like saying we 're latin alphabet brothers or sth like that . 
  sure , but do we really call it recovery until every single region has reached a new peak ? 
  i mean , it 's very well possible then that the `` recovery '' will last for decades if we think about greece . 
  that does n't give a true picture of the situation , though . 
  i do n't think that 's what you call a `` recovery '' . 
  it should hint at coming up from crisis levels , but not still having reached the previous peak . 
  besides , euro area also employs largest number of people ever , unemployment is actually now below the past 22-year-average etc. 
  i 'm sure there are some * sectors * that might still be recovering , but then again , there are also those that have boomed . 
  i do n't think it 's right to call it recovery at this point , it 's just growth . 
  i wonder why are they still talking about `` recovery '' when euro area 's gdp is already at highest levels ever ... 
  it 's an interesting case how opinions on the main language are polar opposites when it comes to belarus and estonia . 
  you seem to see it like just a tool for speaking , with russian being a rather logical choice due to having so many speakers , making it convenient . 
  belarusian is like a niche thing , it 's interesting , you could sing a few songs in that , but adopting as main language is not on the table . 
  meanwhile , we could n't think of a more horrible scenario than estonians speaking russian as main language . 
  it equals death for the entire nation for us . 
  all we can think of are finno-ugric nations in russia that have almost completely lost their identity . 
  people no longer even having different names , not to mention very few even speaking their language and the finno-ugric identity that goes no further from marking `` mordvin '' in your birth certificate . 
  russian language has definitely lost its * lingua franca * position to english here and its usage among estonians has been dropping fast . 
  however , one should also note that considering we have some 25 % ethnic russians here and their share is not dropping anymore ( there 's now net immigration from russia ) , it means it will stay an important language . 
  unlike in some central asian post-soviet states where almost all the russian minority has vanished . 
  we 're being very adamant about citizens having to speak estonian and all the official work conducted in that , with estonian remaining the only official language , but that does n't mean people would change their native language . 
  despite russian not having any official status whatsoever , it * de facto * acts like # 2 language . 
  even most of the government sites are available in russian , not to mention all kind of private ones . 
  well , these are rather horrible examples indeed . 
  i really do n't know if we have something similar here . 
  you might find something like that in some semi-abandoned soviet-era industrial towns , but i 'd rather let them die anyway . 
  no future for such places . 
  but indeed , if it 's such a city like izhevsk , which is larger than tallinn , something should be done about that . 
  yes , but then it creates ventilation problem . 
  now , the air does n't press in from the outside and the rooms are not ventilated . 
  you might get a mold . 
  that 's why a proper renovation should also include building a ventilation system . 
  do n't forget that the `` ventilation '' of these was basically `` let 's build them with so low quality so air presses through the cracks of walls '' . 
  yes , really , they called it something like `` indensity of the walls '' . 
  energy was super cheap then and they could afford things like that . 
  moscow has wealth and can afford such giant projects .
