  of course , we have to respect international treaties such as peace treaty of tartu . 
  oh god . 
  i thought it was n't in kremlin 's interests to show finns as evil fascists , but looks like they 're dumber than i thought . 
  i 'm quite sure hungary has violated many rules already . 
  i , for one , do n't care if they have non-liberal economy , it 's their choice ( as long as they do n't break eu rules ) , but taking russia as some kind of a role model , and surpressing freedom of media , not to mention the stupid policy of fuelling tensions in hungarian-majority regions of neighbouring countries is definitely not ' a question of country 's sovereignity ' . 
  eu is not a charity organization and has common rules in addition to benefits that all members should respect , especially in the case of hungary , which is one of the largest net recipients of eu funds . 
  i , for one , would n't like estonia 's taxpayers ' money to go to a pro-putin regime . 
  if eu does n't suit for hungary , they should get out . 
  i 'd like to see how much economic ` success ' would then fidesz bring to the country . 
  i agree that this ` special relation ' between finland and russia is rather annoying , even though it 's understandable . 
  bad relations with russia is n't something that finland ( or anyone for that matter ) wants . 
  the problem is that estonia is the losing side in this - russia does a lot to undermine our relations with finland ( johan b\u00e4ckman , really , why is n't he expelled already ?! ), 
  and finland seems to prefer not annoying russia to supporting estonia in many cases . 
  i 'd also return karelia to finland , i mean it 's ridiculous that russia has such places as lahdenpohja , pitk\u00e4ranta , suoj\u00e4rvi and many more completely finnish ( karelian ) places . 
  these places have clearly no connetion with russia as they do n't even have russian names . 
  oh and viipuri too , the once 2nd largest city of finland . 
  well , all you need to do is convince obama in this and it will be a real deal next week . 
   please do n't assume that merkel represents all of western europe . 
  i did n't , that 's why i wrote ` many western european countries ' . 
  although yes , i fixed it like a few seconds after submitting , so sorry if you read the old version . 
   also i 'd argue that the reason the us are much more agressive is that if shit hits the fan we ( eu ) will be the ones who pay the price while the us sits confortably on the other side of the atlantic . 
  usa has been sending lots of its soldiers here , i do n't think americans would accept their soldiers being killed without retaliating themselves . 
   and whether or not these nato bases are there russia will not attack the baltics because they are part of the eu and all the other countries would be obligated to defend the member state under attack . 
  putin would not risk that because it would mean war between russia and the eu ( and the us who would obviously come in ) . 
  yeah , the only question is why ca n't we even have missile defence here ? 
  i mean it ca n't be used for agression . 
  if they are afraid to deploy even defensive systems here due to fear of ` provocation ' ( although it would be retaliation after ukraine events ) , then i do n't think they 'd dare to actually go to war with russia . 
  not to mention that baltics , already geographically , are the weakest spot and most open to russia 's attacks , yet we ca n't be protected due to proximity of russia ( fear of ` provocation ' ) . 
  kinda paradoxical . 
   now i wonder who 's influence it was that led to an illegal coup in kiev , which in turn led to an outright civil war and the impending economic collapse of a heavily armed nation on russia 's border ? 
  certainly russia did n't spend billions lobbying for this kind of collapse of civil order , but i know you will find plenty of eu and nato involvement . 
  all former warsaw pact countries are now in the west ( eu&nato ) , baltics are now in the west . 
  now , it 's ukraine . 
  and what is worse , not only have these countries exited russia 's ` sphere of influence ' , but have also become its enemies . 
  but what does russia do ? 
  blame everybody else - fascists , imperialist usa , evil west etc. 
  have you ever thought it might be russia itself that is pushing its neighbours so far from itself ? 
  that maybe russia is doing something wrong ? 
  something very wrong ? 
  that putin is n't a saint trying to save russia from ` gayrope ' ? 
  that he 's actually a dangerous imperialist that none of russia 's european neighbours like ? 
  there is no point in having a eu army as nato already covers almost all of the eu members and non-european nato members are also close allies of eu . 
  oh , and about usa . 
  just merkel 's last visit to latvia where she said she opposed nato bases in baltics proves that many western european countries are not trustworthy partners for poland and baltics and unfortunately set their economic interests above of their allies ' security . 
  on the other hand , usa has been an excellent partner and actually dares to oppose russian agression . 
  obama 's visit to estonia next week is a great example of that . 
  actually , i think the explanation is quite simple : hungary does not border russia and is surrounded by friendly ( or at least non-agressive ) countries . 
  they do n't feel threatened , but they do feel the economic effects of sanctions . 
  therefore , no sanctions is a preferred solution there . 
  unfortunately , we can also see similar tendencies in czech republic and slovakia for the very same reasons . 
  well , for hungary the anti-west tendencies of fidesz makes it even worse . 
  baltics and poland , which do border russia , are therefore logically the countries most eager to retaliate to russia 's moves . 
  finland 's not in the group due to lasting effects of ` finlandization ' ( aka do n't ever criticize soviet union or you will regret ), 
   2 % target of nato expenditure and poland is the only country in eastern europe that consistently does it . 
  nah , estonia already spends 2 % of its gdp on defence , latvia and lithuania have agreed to raise it to 2 % in the following years . 
  but really , belarus is the only european neighbour russia has ` good ' relations with . 
  all you have to do is replace your national language with russian ( you can still keep it on street signs etc , even though almost nobody speaks it ) , let russian army in and build your economy entirely on russian oil and gas . 
  oh , and of course , you must not have any or only minimal cooperation with usa or eu . 
  and you 'll be friends with russia . 
  well , yeah , i just brought him out because our ` hated ' historical figures are all either too controversial or just unknown . 
  if we talk about hated * natives * , then i do n't think any estonian would like [ jaan anvelt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jaan_anvelt ) - a soviet union backed communist who lead a violent [ coup ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1924_estonian_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat_attempt ) in estonia in 1924 , but fortunately failed and escaped to soviet union . 
  in modern days , i 'd say [ savisaar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edgar_savisaar ) is the most hated among estonians . 
  even though he lead autonomy movements in late 1980s and was seen as one of the leaders of estonia breaking up from ussr , his real goals back then have been put under doubt nowadays as he leads the most pro-russia party [ ( centre party ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/keskerakond ) in estonia , which has even a contract with edinaya rossiya ( putin 's party ) . 
  among local russians , this is practically the only party they vote for ( over 80 % russians ) . 
  among young estonians , the popularity of centre party is estimated to be below 5 % . 
  still , the party has ruled over capital tallinn for years already due to demographic reasons ( russians make up almost 1/2 of tallinn 's population - result of massive immigration from russia during soviet times ) . 
   excuse my ignorance but except for the deportations during soviet times , what aggressive anti-baltic foreign policy has russia installed ? 
  okay , let 's keep soviet union out of it , because i could speak indefinitely about its crimes . 
  russia , firstly , accuses baltics of nazism every year . 
  this coming from a country with the biggest neo-nazi population in the world is so riduculous that these ` accusations ' have become more of jokes . 
  of course , foreign media has stopped to even pay attention to this , because it is just ridiculous . 
  secondly , russia is still today holding many items belonging to estonia , such as medal of estonia 's first president , properties of estonia 's post museum and university of tartu , and is refusing to give them back , despite a treaty obliging them to do that . 
  thirdly , russia , the country which proudly declared themselves successor of soviet union , refuses to admit the occupation of baltics , claiming we ` free-willingly ' joined it . 
  what is more , we should be thankful for the ` liberation ' . 
  moreover , it accuses us of discrimination of russians , which in their sense means that russians should have huge privileges over other minorities just because there 're so many of them . 
  the fact that soviet union illegally planted russians here , of course , does n't matter to them . 
  oh , and according to russia , we ca n't have nato bases here just because we 're russia 's neighbours . 
  so countries that are russia 's neighbours are not completely independent and sovereign according to them . 
  russia 's trade block to estonia just because we moved a soviet monument ( in russia 's sense , we ca n't even * move * monuments here just because they 're dedicated to soviets , not to mention putting a plate there , explaining they were occupants to estonians ) . 
  want more ? 
  strong ** mistrust ** , for sure , but i do n't think it 's surprising , considering russia 's agressive foreign policy ( especially towards baltics ) . 
  however , this mistrust never means that i have prejudices towards a random russian or i never agree with a russian just because of their ethnicity . 
  i do n't think i have been biased towards * teor * due to their flair , for example . 
  true , but why is this important ? 
  baltics had a special status in russian empire - due to historical reasons , the local government spoke german ( not russian ) and the local people 's literacy rate was considerably higher than rest of the empire . 
  only through russification policies could russian finally become the government and education language , but it was only for a short time . 
  at the same time , estonia and latvia both had national awakenings , which quickly brought native languages to the top , and after gaining independence , these also became the official languages . 
  that 's why russian actually never gained a historical significance in baltics , until soviet occupation , where russification was supported by huge migration from russia . 
  for example in estonia , russians ' share in population rose from ~ 5 % in end 1930s to nearly 40 % in 1989 . 
  today , it is ~ 25 %, 
  you are clearly not interested in understanding the situation in baltics , but are just biased by russian propaganda . 
  pribaltika = evil fascist enemy and that 's the end of your logic . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  i merely explained why swedish is an official language in finland and russian is not in baltics . 
  there is no hate or discrimination towards russian , they have same rights as all the people from 192 ethnicities here in estonia . 
  actually , even now , there are dozens of state-funded russian-languaged schools in estonia , which means russians are still a privileged minority here . 
  the difference is that swedes in finland are a historical minority , while most russians in baltics are migrants from soviet union , who do n't have much connections to baltic countries ( following foreign media , not speaking local language , no historical culture etc ), 
  [ maybe ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg8329uikcw ), 
  well , there really was no other choice for estonians/latvians than to fight either on soviet or nazi side back then . 
  as soviet union was the country that occupied baltics first , nazi germany was seen as a friendlier country .
