  a dangerous game , of course , so he needs to carefully think about the next step . 
  i 'm sure most europeans want to consume wide range of import products , and travel around the world , so just being able to feed themselves and not get killed is not enough for them . 
  and i do n't think it 's specific to america . 
  it 's the average western lifestyle , which ( most of ) europe is also part of . 
  it really depends on who are you comparing them to . 
  belarusians have cheap prices for local goods ( especially food and utilities ) and low wages . 
  that means nobody starves or freezes there , but also that they ca n't afford too many import goods . 
  an average european wants a flat screen tv , the newest smartphone , clothes from a local h&m at least , a german car etc. 
  belarusians need to work several times longer to afford those , so , unless not being able to afford food and an apartment , average europeans would never look to belarus . 
  for an average ukrainian , the cheap prices and higher wages might seem attractive allright . 
  you do realize that estonians do n't see him as a muppet , like many who follow only russian media ? 
  just because he grew up in the usa , does n't mean he ca n't represent estonian interests . 
  in fact , considering his family was forced to escape from estonia due to soviet occupation , it was also symbolic to show that estonia is free again . 
  furthermore , many saw him bringing fresh winds as finally somebody that had grown up in a western democracy came to be the head of state , as opposed to all the former commies . 
  its gdp ( ppp ) per capita is actually now lower than bulgaria 's , so in that regards , it 's doing worse than any eu member . 
  but well , despite being an ally of russia , at least it seems to have taken a more balanced position after ukraine events . 
  the politics might be horrible ( basically a dictatorship , but even there , the ice is seeing cracks ) , economy is mostly state controlled and relies on russia , but living standards , while not fantastic , clearly beat ukraine or moldova . 
  what 's causing that ? 
  germay 's been doing better and better , as have all neighbours of austria . 
  latvian retail market is dominated by two players - rimi ( sweden ) and maxima ( lithuania ) . 
  in estonia , the retail market is strongly fractured . 
  there are 5 big players - coop ( estonia ) , maxima ( lithuania ) , selver ( estonia ) , rimi ( sweden ) , prisma ( finland ) , each with a comparable market share of 13-22 % or so . 
  for a country of 1.3 million , that 's even a bit too much , i 'd say . 
  so the easisest explanation is that there 's not enough competition in latvia , which shows in profits , especially when compared to estonia . 
  then again , the general wage level in latvia is also lower . 
   what a difference 10 months make . 
  how can we make predictions of what crimeans will want 10 years from now ? 
  crimea was part of ukraine then . 
  it 's now * de facto * part of russia and for reasons i said , i do n't believe that will be changing in foreseeable future . 
   as soon as you legitimize annexation , however you dress it up as , a part of one country was forcibly taken from another . 
  the message that every two-bit irredentist dictator will get from that is `` take now , worry about window dressing later '' . 
  it would n't be legitimizing the annexation itself . 
  we 'd still be openly against russia 's actions of 2014 , it 'd continue to affect our relations and anything like that in the future would get at least as harsh reaction ( hopefully harsher ) . 
  but crimea would have a real referendum and russia would compensate . 
  it 'd be admitting it to be a disputed territory and solving the question by international agreements . 
  not ideal , of course , but as i said , i think ukraine would need it most . 
   as for my solution , one option could be an independent completely demilitarized crimea , in which the rights of the ukrainian and tatar minorities are enshrined into the constitution ( possibly lebanon-style ) . 
  everyone wins something : crimeans most obviously win recognition , growth and tourism , ukraine wins demilitarized crimea on their doorstep ( which was not previously the case ) , russia wins a non-ukrainian crimea . 
  that could be a discussable solution for many similar conflicts , but i do n't think russia will be backing off in crimea . 
  they 've built the national rhetoric around the peninsula and portrayed it as a huge victory against historical injustice . 
  even opposition parties do n't oppose annexation . 
  there 's also the sevastopol base which is of strategic interest for russia , not to mention the giant project of kerch strait bridge ( which is expensive even for a country the size of russia ) . 
   obviously this ca n't happen under the current russian dictatorship , but you know . 
  regimes come and go . 
  we 've been eagerly having western-oriented policies here ever since collapse of ussr and relations with russia have been constantly bad , except for the short period of early 1990s before everyday problems arose . 
  after that , especially with putin , the anti-western sentiments have made everything even worse . 
  we 've been repeating to ourselves that russia will change and then relations will improve etc. 
  something that , to date , has not happened in any way . 
  how would you imagine crimea being returned ? 
  i mean , it 's not a secret that people living in crimea overwhelmingly support russia . 
  i 'm not a supporter of the ` people 's will ' argument considering not only how crimea was occupied before the ` referendum ' ( much like baltics in 1940 ) but also how russians became a clear majority as a result of deportation of crimean tatars and immigration of russians ( just as several region in baltics turned russian-speaking during soviet occupation ) . 
  however , we ca n't really ignore those living there today . 
  not only because we ca n't live in the past forever , but because they also hold much of the power over the territory . 
  in order for crimea to be returned , it would n't be enough to declare russia 's actions illegal ( which we 've already done , but international law is something that ca n't be often enforced ) , you 'd need local people 's will . 
  considering they mostly identify as russians , they naturally prefer russia to ukraine . 
  so ukraine would have to have at least comparable living standards to russia and at least tolerable relations with russia . 
  and that 's when we consider russia to not massively use propaganda , military ( incl . 
  nuclear threat ) or other tools to stop any attempts of having its territory ( or what it considers theirs ) taken away . 
  sorry , but i do n't see crimea 's return happening . 
   the precedent of acquiescing to illegal annexation and occupation of another country 's territory is not something that will be allowed . 
  indeed , that 's why ukraine being compensated for it would legitimize it , to an extent at least . 
  an internationally observed referendum could help aswell . 
  and we 've already had sanctions and russia being isolated politically as signs that the step was not acceptable . 
  the situation is not good , but in the end , ukraine itself would need normalization the most , even if it finds russia 's actions extremely unfair . 
  furthermore , if dnr and lnr would collapse and donbass returned fully to ukraine , and crimean dispute would be settled ( realistically , i see it only the way i described ) , it could be great news for ukraine and end of the violence , regain confidence etc. 
  it is known to all parties that crimea wo n't be returned , russia would use military force to protect it . 
  imo , the best we could do at this point is a compromise of ukraine and the west recognizing crimea as part of russia , with russia paying compensation to ukraine . 
  however , i 've seen no signs of ukraine willing to take any such steps , so it 's not likely to happen soon . 
  putin might also want to continue confrontation with the west as that 's granted him and his party sky high ratings and full power over the country . 
  at the same time , russia falling economically behind could force him to find an agreement and restore ties with the west . 
  it also says tallinn tops such cities as milan , istanbul , copenhagen , brussels , rome , madrid , prague , moscow etc. 
  well , at least we know where all the british banks are going to relocate now . 
  firstly , because i ca n't be sure whether it 's a tourist or a local one . 
  secondly , i do n't think it has a positive effect if you refuse to speak with them in russian . 
  that might just fuel the ` us vs them ' mentality . 
   while estonians are usually the least tolerant about conversing in russian on the streets maybe you are . 
  unless the person turning to me is wearing an orange-black striped ribbon and t-shirt with putin on it , i 'll try my best . 
  just for next time , i advise you to give some arguments rather than emotional statements . 
  i explained you why there is such a situation with citizenship in estonia and latvia . 
  you say it 's unfair and i partially agree , but i am also convinced there were no 100 % fair options . 
  giving citizenships to everyone would have meant a huge chunk of citizens not speaking the official language , living in a foreign information sphere and yet be able to decide for the political future of estonia/latvia . 
  ukraine should be the clear example how citizenship did not grant loyalty at all . 
  true , but when nato does it , it 's anti-russia and evil . 
   my friend was fucking born and raised there . 
  this shit ridiculous . 
  i am polish , i have no reason to love russia . 
  you can be 2nd and 3rd generation immigrant aswell . 
  we 're not talking about technicalities here . 
  being born in one country does not grant that they 've adapted to the country . 
  that 's the very reason we do not use * ius soli * . 
  the sad truth is you can have lived in estonia and latvia for 50 years and yet have next to nothing in common with estonians and latvians . 
  the clear proof is that almost half of russians still do n't speak estonian in estonia . 
  that almost definitely means they 've grown up in a foreign language environment and follow russian media . 
   they are people , same like we are . 
  unfortunately , our world is not made out of cotton and candy . 
  such statements hold little value for real solutions . 
   oh ye , they are all secret agents living there and waiting to take over . 
  common , wake up . 
  they all want to be in eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure not all of them want that , but even then , there 's a difference between interests of estonia/latvia and interests of eu .
