  it 's also less free by some measurements . 
  do n't get me wrong , leaving politics out , i do n't consider it to be some hellhole where nobody would want to live . 
  but how could it have positive migration if number of employees has decreased by 300 ' 000 in last 5 years ? 
  because being unemployed in belarus is considered to be ` social parasitism ' , it 's hard to believe all these people just stayed unemployed there , and even worse , the population only kept increasing . 
  these numbers do n't make sense for me . 
  that 's not even too inaccurate , to be honest . 
   are you sure about this ? 
  especially the changing demographics of criminals . 
  i actually do n't know if there is some public statistic on the subject . 
  could n't find one on ethnicity , but based on citizenship , [ here ] ( http://www.kriminaalpoliitika.ee/sites/www.kriminaalpoliitika.ee/files/elfinder/dokumendid/vangide_arv_eestis_1991-2005_ja_selle_vahendamise_karistusoiguslikud_ja_kriminoloogilised_alused._tartu_ulikooli_oigusinstituut._2007.pdf ) , on page 29 , we can see that estonian citizens have become to dominate the number of arrested people , as opposed to non-citizens in 1990s . 
  well , no , but that 's still what we consider our country 's birthday . 
  i think some estonians have obsession with estonia being leader of the ex-ussr in * everything * and they ca n't accept that it was n't so in everything . 
  one example being that lithuania voted for independence over a year earlier . 
  the truth is that all that process of breaking away and restoring independence was generally taken together by baltics and that was very important . 
  three countries doing it together did not only make it more powerful and balanced , but also did n't allow moscow to show it as one isolated case . 
   most of the `` estonian criminals '' tend not to be ethnic estonians ... 
  i 'm quite sure most estonian criminals in finland are ethnic estonians . 
  russians are not that much more likely to be criminal anymore , and a lot less of them go to finland due to not having the linguistic advantage estonians do . 
  what is more , i 've had enough experience of `` kalevipojad '' aka low educated estonians working in finland and i ca n't stand most of them at all . 
  funnily enough , similar people in estonia have left a much better impression for me . 
  are you really older than [ 98 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independence_day_ ( estonia \\ ) ) ? 
  russia , do n't lie again . 
  you were cheating on us with 13 more !, 
  pretty much . 
  i would add that moldova and ukraine have n't had censuses recently , and i expect these to reveal significantly lower populations than estimated now . 
  moldova actually had one in 2014 , but they 've not published the results yet . 
  belarus keeps reporting of rising population , but an economy poorer than all of its neighbours , except ukraine , [ declining further ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/belarus/gdp-growth-annual ) , and [ number of employees ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/belarus/employed-persons ) that 's dropped for 6 years straight into a decade low , 300 $ - wages etc make it all very hard to believe . 
  migration from ukraine could explain some , but considering both eu and russia offer better alternatives , i 'm still not convinced by their statistics . 
  oh , they have measured soviet union 's hdi . 
  apparently , they even managed to get some [ data for the republics ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/en/composite/trends ) . 
  which is weird considering there 's no gdp data available for estonia at least for that time . 
  it claims that russia and lithuania were leaders in ussr in 1990 . 
  yay . 
  not that this would have even the slightest impact on us . 
  although the man supposedly does speak some estonian , so maybe putin will know more than `` tere tere , vana kere ! '', 
  in the future . 
  what else would you say about people who say their ethinicity is `` soviet '' and home country is a collapsed communist empire ? 
  who actually go to war to fight for a country that no longer exists ? 
  i mean , transnistria is pretty much a relic of soviet union . 
  and they still ca n't accept that that empire wo n't be returning and it would be wiser to accept the reality , rather than to create some failed unrecognized `` states '' . 
  dnr and lnr are of similar league . 
  not officially , if you mean that . 
  and what relationships ? 
  with people who declare their home country as soviet union in 21st century ? 
  it 's not us who are in a permanent identity crisis . 
  i 'd clarify that it was not the state that cancelled it , but the organizers of the event , due to huge public pressure . 
  probably since nato bombed belgrade . 
   croatia is already part of nato , mate . 
  i know , the countries i named are the ones that have issues with serbia . 
  hungary and italy are rather soft cases compared to what serbia might become . 
  greece might be more complicated , but at least most of the sentiment seems to be `` friends with russia '' , rather than `` enemies of the west '' . 
  sweden outside nato works because they 're still strongly western-oriented . 
  that 's clearly not the case with serbia . 
  all western balkans should end up in eu eventually , considering their geography and realistic scenarios . 
  but i 'm sceptical about getting a member that might potentially become kremlin 's 5th column . 
  eu is a political union aswell , whether we like it or not , and we already have more than enough problems stemming from this . 
  and russia is not even the only big problem . 
  there 's also croatia , republika srpska , bosnia & herzegovina . 
  serbia , like all western balkans , should not be denied the opportunity to become members , but i still feel like it should have some big reforms before joining . 
   russia is n't remotely dangerous for any eu country and you guys in proximity to it need to finally understand this . 
  i know it 's hard . 
  this is the same kind of paranoia that permeates greeks regarding turkey , but it is unsubstantiated and damaging . 
  even without nato , russia would n't be dangerous . 
  with nato , the very idea that russia could hurt european interests is a dangerous fantasy . 
  if the soviet union could n't do it to a smaller and less integrated nato , russia ca n't do it today , it 's that simple . 
  it 's interesting that you think that way and good that you 're giving your position , but claiming russia is not `` even remotely dangerous '' and it hurting european interests is a `` dangerous fantasy '' is just absurd . 
  do you really think most russia 's neighbours are infected in some mysterious disease called ` russophobia ' or might it be that the country is really very aggressive and chauvinistic ? 
   in general our feelings towards the russian leadership reflect that reality rather than the fantasy of russian aggression . 
  yes , you alone are realistic and rest of europe is being unreasonable . 
  that sounds strongly biased , you know . 
   `` orthodox brotherhood '' is something that generally exists too . 
  much in the same way britain and america share a lot of cultural and religious ties , same is the case for orthodox countries with greece . 
  sorry , but that should be cultural and not political . 
  otherwise , it sounds very similar to what muslim countries have , rather outdated and regressive . 
  i certainly do n't share such `` lutheran brotherhood '' with americans or germans . 
  how are government revenues doing with lower taxes ? 
  is economic growth compensating that ? 
  that 's not affecting gdp that much right now , especially considering latvia 's unemployment rate has more than enough room to come down . 
  latvia has traditionally had biggest dependancy on russia in the baltics and i 'd assume that 's where the problem lies . 
  that 's not the point . 
  chechnya is part of rf and if foreign powers would invade it and occupy it , justifying that `` it does n't want to be part of russia anyway '' , russia would hardly just let it go . 
  that 's the thing , you still do n't have the right to invade your neighbours , even if they are `` pro-russian '' . 
  how would you feel if nato ~ ~ invaded ~ ~ liberated chechnya if they are `` pro-west '' ? 
   true . 
  the best case scenario for the west is russia 's disintegration in order to make it weak forever and share russian natural resources between world dominators . 
  if we have a stable , peaceful and friendly russia next door , i want them to be powerful and rich . 
  it would be very positive for us , to have a rich friend next door to do business with , to cooperate on different topics etc. 
  if we have a warmonger neighbour-invading aggressive and chauvinistic neighbour , of course i want it to be weak . 
  i do n't want that country to be able to attack my country , or even influence it . 
  for some reason , russia acts more like the latter and then acts like their neighbours are evil . 
  a clever move by the ones in power and the nation has clearly fallen for it . 
  too bad it hurts pretty much everyone . 
   the problem is that ukrainians in general are quite nationalistic and their nationalistic feelings were hurt deeply . 
  umm , i 'm not commenting on that , but i 'm pretty sure another big cause is the aggressiveness and chauvinism of russia . 
  this has resulted in russia having bad relations with almost all of its western neighbours , most of europe and north america . 
  no , they should n't , but it 's not surprising . 
  that 's all what i said . 
  exactly , but how likely is that going to happen ? 
  how can you be surprised ? 
  russia has literally annexed ukrainian territory .
