  you 're both rather small nations with not * that * different culture . 
  sure , croats are mostly catholic and serbs orthodox , but hell , some estonians are protestant and some are orthodox . 
  nobody gives a shit . 
   things you should never say to us , number 1 . 
  we 'll say no , fuck you , just to prove you 're not our only choice . 
  even if it hurts us more . 
  self-preservation never really took hold on us . 
  it 's your `` only choice '' meaning of course , nobody can force you and you can keep the current position , but it 's your only realistic choice if you want best for serbia . 
   it 's not just historical friendship it 's the friendship right now . 
  russia is only asking us to stay neutral . 
  you 're asking us to give up a part of our territory . 
  and that 's just one of many things . 
  but what else are you going to do with kosovo ? 
  if you got rid of that problem , you could concentrate on building a stronger serbia . 
   serbia has never done what it was best for itself as a country or for it 's people . 
  quite the opposite . 
  why should this time be any different ? 
  because it 's the right thing to do ? 
   i 'm cheering for staying neutral though . 
  sick and tired of unions , never ends well for us . 
  keep out of nato if you want , but eu membership should still be a priority . 
  you are basically in the centre of balkans , you would benefit the most of the peninsula integrated into eu . 
  yes , that would be likely if they lost the one in sevastopol . 
   35 % russia , 21 % eu , 34 % remain neutral serbs , please do n't be as stupid as moldovans . 
  eu is serbia 's only choice , you are surrounded by it . 
  serbia needs it and all balkans being in eu , with former ties broken since collapse of yugoslavia restored and beyond ( bulgaria , romania ) . 
  it 's the way out of current mess . 
  union with russia is stupid and basically infeasible , they are far away , way poorer and the eu-copy they have aka eurasian union has members serbia has little in common with , and there 's also no wealth redistribution . 
  clinging to historical friendships here is incredibly idiotic , and playing some `` proud , independent and neutral '' player is not much better either . 
  we 're talking about a hypothetical scenario here where ukraine is a member of nato before russia 's invasion of crimea . 
  russia has no control over crimea at this point . 
  do you really think moscow would have invaded world 's most powerful military alliance ? 
  it 's something completely different from a crisis-struck ukraine . 
  the only telecom that does offer unlimited plans does not have the `` fair use policy '' limit , except when in other eu countries , then it 's limited to 5gb . 
  elisa loses entire mobile signal repeatedly ( not to mention 4g or even 3g ) on the train route from tallinn to tartu . 
  i do n't know how competitors do there , though , maybe railways are too deep in the forest compared to the roads . 
  at least something good from tele2 . 
   telia has 64 gb and elisa has 50 gb , those are pretty impossible to exceed anyway . 
  connect like 2 laptops in a summer cottage and watch hd videos . 
  it 's not actually as difficult as it might seem , unless you only use it for smartphone . 
  what estonian telecom offers unlimited data plan ? 
  they had a russian base in crimea . 
  if ukraine was a nato member , that would have been gone for sure . 
  also , i doubt russia would have dared to send ` green men ' to nato territory . 
  so indeed , if ukraine had been in nato , crimea would not have been annexed . 
  the sanctions were a result of a very unacceptable move by russia . 
  it 's not like europe turned against russia , it 's russia that turned against the very fundamental order of europe . 
  we do not invade , even less annex our neighbours anymore . 
  if you look at russia 's `` allies and friends '' list , he has certainly steered russia very far from europe . 
  he has portrayed the west as , by far , the worst enemy for the country , and most of the population now thinks the same . 
  reval is actually taken from the estonian name of the region * r\u00e4vala * , however , estonians were not willing to admit that foreigners ' walled town as their own and started to call it * taani linn * ( danish town ) or tallinn . 
  ironically , it 's our capital now . 
  in finland , the very same company offers it for 45 $ a month . 
  that 's a country with 3x higher wages . 
  do n't ask me about the logic , it just shows how there 's an incredible lack of competition in estonia 's telecom market . 
   only at work it is , but not at home . 
  same here . 
  plus shopping centres etc. 
   you dont really need it until more than 35 \u00b0 c wait , what ? 
  i feel like dying at 30 \u00b0 c already . 
  i 'd use it myself if the inside temperature rose above 25 \u00b0 c or so . 
   i doubt that happen so often in finland like almost never . 
  the record is around 37 degrees . 
  if you 're cold , you can escape into a building or put on additional clothes . 
  if it 's very hot and you do n't have air conditioning ( not too common here ) , you need to go take a cold shower or swim in the sea . 
  the latter is obviously more difficult and only temporary , not to mention you ca n't really work , sleep or do other activies while at it . 
  so i 'd agree , dealing with heatwaves is more problematic . 
  telia has it in their pricing list and try some random lasnam\u00e4e apartment , they do have it available . 
  the price is 99 $ . 
  i have no idea who would pay such an amount for a standard home cable , but oh well , i guess they think estonia is switzerland . 
  i , for one , would feel some strong * schadenfreude * should romanian telecoms ever take over our greedy bastards . 
  i 've heard the opposite . 
  as even the wholesale prices in southern europe are very expensive , it 's the northern european telecoms that will start paying for the tourists ' data usage , as they can charge only domestic prices from the customers . 
  and the costs would probably be pushed onto consumers anyway . 
  really ? 
  1000mbit/s for 9 $ ? 
  romanian telecoms should conquer europe . 
  i just checked , it 's indeed 99 $ a month for 1000mbit/s here . 
  you can get that in estonia as well . 
  for 100 $ a month . 
  nope , not a joke . 
  stop !, 
  you 're making the cringe worse . 
  why apocalypsis ? 
  i 'm pretty sure catalonia could handle being an independent country , spain would survive and europe would not end up in a war . 
  still , i tend to think they would all be worse off that way compared to a compromise between madrid and barcelona . 
   heck , a big part of us have our roots in andalusia or extremadura and would love to help even further , but we 're being choked by the central government . 
  they are diverting money to madrid , negatively affecting other areas like valencia , balearic islands and catalonia ; the three could be richer , making andalusia , extremadura and madrid ( and all spain ) richer . 
  basques manage their own taxes , so they do n't have that problem . 
  and breaking away from spain would solve this in what way ? 
  if madrid is really favoured at the expense of other regions , the solution would be to team up against the capital . 
  independent catalonia would be the worst thing you could do to peripheric regions of spain . 
   why 75 % and not 66 % or 80 % ? 
  it 's subjective , of course , it could be 67 % as well , the point is that a clear majority would have to favour it . 
  catalonia has been part of spain for what , 300 years ? 
  independence is a very radical step to take and would need broad support from people . 
   should n't we acknowledge a majority of the catalan population does n't want the current status quo ? 
  i think we do already , we can see it . 
   what should the governments ( both catalan and spanish ) do about it ? 
  i 'm not an expert here and besides the tax autonomy catalonia aims , i do n't even know what else they want .
