  maybe it 's because we 're ~ ~ very ~ ~ extremely fed up by russia not only denying or even justifying soviet crimes , but now even daring to take moral high ground in attacking its neighbours and crying about ` declining security environment ' , but we 'd never be able to take finlandization-like policies towards russia . 
  if we see russia misbehaving , we 'll say how things are . 
  if we see russia attacking its neigbhours and arming itself , we 'll respond by building defence up here . 
  it 's not only about security , it 's also about the message - that putin will not get away , that they 'll always lose when they are aggressive , that they wo n't achieve their goals with threats ( such as de-militarizing their neighbours , while building up their own military ) etc. 
  also , nato can be helpful to make defence more effective , especially for smaller countries . 
  you wo n't have to have all different defence capabilities your own , you can specialize . 
  you can more easily share equipment , or save on them . 
  not to mention learning from each other , the strength effect - nato is , by far , the single most powerful military block in the world , and you do n't want to mess with that . 
  we even have a nato cyber defence center in estonia , which is a growing necessity for modern countries . 
  norway and denmark are n't in nato by coincidence , you know . 
  moscow and st. petersburg do look nice , these are also the two economic centres of the country . 
  however , kaliningrad ? 
  just fugly , the entire k\u00f6ningsberg was bombed down , the current one looks like some kind of monstrous commieblock horror , with just tiny bits of the old city left , often `` enriched '' by cheap kitsch . 
  i 'd say the ugliest town by the baltic sea . 
  volgograd is so-so , it 's a rather typical russian city . 
  btw , google search does n't give a true impression of a city . 
  just type `` narva '' in and you 'd see beautiful castles or narva old town ( bombed down ) , even though most of the city is actually dull commieblocks nowadays . 
  it 's pointless to talk about splitting the eu . 
  most of the cee has been part of the eu for over a decade , ro and bg not much less , the economy , budgets , education , public sector , private companies etc have all been built to include the eu , not to mention the very close trade relations . 
  all of them , except ro and bg , are part of schengen and slovakia and baltics use the euro as their currency . 
  that 's only the practical side , it would also be horrible emotionally , to see such a division once again . 
  we are stuck with them and they are stuck with us . 
  we need to find solutions within the union and there needs to be acceptance of views from * both * sides . 
  i guess `` sanity '' to you is if europe would disarm itself , making it purely a us-russia playground , right ? 
  first of all , you should know that western countries use a type of democracy called * representative democracy * , where people elect politicians who 'll then decide on different questions . 
  referenda are only for extremely important questions and almost all countries have a law declaring separation illegal , if we leave the colonies out . 
  the uk-scotland one was a spectacularly exceptional case . 
  however , if really one certain region massively supports leaving , having their distinctive language , culture , history , ( often religion ) etc , it 's difficult , even pointless to suppress that . 
  is that the case with catalonia ? 
  when the polls show support-opposition 50/50 , it 's one of the worst cases there are . 
  say independence was refused by 51 % . 
  it 'd still leave almost half of the people disappointed , leaving independence movements alive . 
  that was exactly the case with scotland . 
  if 51 % supported independence , the new country would base on really fragile support , maybe in the case of first problems occuring , the support would re-shift towards spain again ? 
  what then ? 
  i assume cee is not that much of a hot topic in uk , but i do n't think all this anti-nato sentiment would find much support in uk , right ? 
  anyway , here also lies another reason why lefties are very much hated in this region . 
  basically all far-left/commie parties and people in europe have a hard-on for putin 's russia , would basically sell any ally for some money , wreck whole economies and push masses of people into poverty with their ideology etc. 
   on the other hand , in the long run , europe will have to deal with immigration into the eu no matter what we would like to do . 
  sure , but it should be a goal to target educated , successful talents , not a random mass of people from unstable countries , most of whom backgrounds are unclear . 
  this is especially important because we do n't need people `` just because demographics say so '' . 
  we need them because we need additional workforce . 
  however , when you look at the unemployment rate in eu , we have more than enough people without jobs . 
  that 's why we need to target specialized people , otherwise importing uneducated people will actually make it worse , because it will increase the already bad situation with unemployment  all of this means that in all likelihood the share of people from muslim descent in the population will increase , no matter what we do . 
  in the long run europe will have to deal with this muslim population one way or another . 
  we might as well get started now . 
  there 's a difference between increase and an uncontrollable increase . 
  europe becoming more religious is not exactly a good thing because it will often mean more people against modern western ideals . 
  of course we need to deal with muslim population , but it 's easier to deal with them when there are less , rather than more of them . 
   finally i feel you give human rights too little weight . 
  if your human rights get violated , that is horrendous . 
  i may do that , but that 's because i 'm afraid in the end , it might kill ourselves . 
  as i said , if we ca n't manage to get the migration under control and keep pushing for mandatory quotas , force them through , declare saving migrants ' lives no . 
  1 goal of eu etc , it might push the entire continent to the right , away from eu , and lead to disintegration overally . 
  that will , of course , drastically reduce cooperation , europe 's power in the world , and of course , any human rights would be only after national interests . 
  i 'm afraid ideology and laws of nature do n't quite agree with many of our policies , too . 
  for example , if we continue to help africa * mainly * in improving healthcare and providing food , it , of course , seems humane to save maximum amount of lives . 
  but if africans ' fertility rate do n't come down fast , their population explosion will just be made worse , making all the problems - lack of food , clean water , overpopulation , infrastructural lag etc - way worse , and eventually the migration pressure to europe , along with it . 
  would n't it be actually more humane to start heavily pushing for birth control and education instead , which , in the end , might bring less suffering people to this world , but more educated contributing people instead ? 
  why do you see the crisis from one side only ? 
  the migration crisis is a tragedy and the eu , that incudes all the member states , should help to an extent , to live up to its values , to help people and hopefully succesfully save lives . 
  to an extent , they might even benefit by gaining taxpayers , but it 'll probably cost more . 
  however , we do have to consider other sides aswell . 
  firstly , the integration of people from emea countries into europe has not been too succesful , we have more than enough islamist radicals , people importing foreign conflicts to europe , abnormally high crime rates of them etc. 
  now , the amount of refugees/migrants is also something to be taken into account . 
  if there are really millions , as many are already estimating , coming to europe , it can have catastrophic consequences . 
  foreigners wo n't evenly spread in the countries , most will concentrate in large cities and if there are already compatriots there , the higher the chance of forming ghetto-like areas . 
  all of this will create huge integration , ethnic and social tensions . 
  in addition to that , are we going to ignore the historical surge in right wing movements in europe ? 
  already now , we have fn , ukip , afd , sd and so on . 
  forcing the quotas will change the political environment of whole europe even more , pushing most countries further to the right . 
  this will mean only more opposition , more euroscepticism . 
  in the end , if there 's no compromise made , it may actually lead to disintegration of eu , meaning rolling back decades of cooperation and of course , rising the chances of conflicts in the continent . 
  i 'm afraid a lot of left-wing parties and people are willing to risk the continent because ` we need to be more humane , help suffering people ' etc. 
  i get that the situation is difficult and a lot of people are dying , but maybe , just maybe , could we think that it is europeans the eu should think about first , and not foreigners ? 
  we are never able to help all the world 's suffering people and let 's be honest , europe 's demographics will only makes us more vulnerable in the future . 
  how generous of them , allowing watchmen onto an occupied territory , if only they did the same in their own regions trying to separate ... 
  oh please stop playing some kind of an angel here , catalans are * not * `` clearly in favour '' , it 's about 50-50 . 
  and i 'm sorry , russia and speaking about independence , democracy , referenda , self-determination etc. 
  crimea had nothing even comparable , it was just annexed by a foreign country , as another step of its chauvinistic policies . 
  should we again speak about chechnya , the dying nations of finno-ugrics in russia or the attitude towards ukrainian or belarusian identities ? 
  your inner cartographer should also tell ireland to annex northern ireland . 
  that `` bite '' out of the island is a real eyesore . 
  spain is not going to allow a region that has been part of it for centuries to simply separate . 
  spain is a relatively big member of the eu and therefore , has strong tools to not allow that even on eu level . 
  nobody wants to ruin relations with that country . 
  what is more , there are not really any countries in eu that would benefit from disintegration of spain , nor would it really be suitable for eu ideals . 
  i think only some hardcore nationalists would play with the idea of recognizing catalonia 's independence , most would support spain but call for more autonomy for catalans , and there are those who 'd strongly be against independence due to their own similar problems ( uk , france , italy etc ), 
  it 's a soviet thing , soviet union had `` no disabled people nor any unemployed ones '' . 
  the first ones were just ignored , often living in very difficult conditions ( moscow 1980 even refused to host paralympic for that reason ) , the latter `` problem '' was solved by creating some inefficient jobs ( such as street sweepers , just like belarus nowadays does ) etc and those who did not accept even those were often persecuted . 
  whatever makes you feel good . 
  just keep telling yourself how russia is surrounded by evil nazis that wa n't to see russians suffer . 
  got ta get some comfort from all the crisis putin has caused and stuff ... 
  no-no , it 's a common knowledge that once you leave estonia and enter latvia , you 'll be on mudroads , the internet fades instantly and brand new nordic-style buildings are replaced by decaying wooden shacks . 
  i feel i violated you now , but i needed to make a point . 
  it was n't an assumption , i probably failed in my sentencing as to indicate that only nationality is enough to make conclusions of a person . 
  i did n't mean that . 
  yeah , yeah , these are just * differing * opinions , nothing pro-russia here . 
   usa destroys countries and nations around the world  russia is basically a country which saved my family , my nation from the west . 
  and russia keeps protecting us  your country , aswell as latvia , violate international law and human rights  polish political ideas are entirely russophobic .
