  russia has not been some kind of an eternal enemy for us . 
  in fact , estonians and latvians ` teamed up ' with russians against germans in late 19th/early 20th century to gain official positions from them ( e.g. 
  city councils ) . 
  then was the troublesome times in russia from 1917 , when we allied with the whites . 
  you became enemies only when reds took over . 
  it 's russia that 's having a decades-long identity crisis . 
  you mish-mash random indentities together , be it czar , ussr or now putinism . 
  everything goes , orthodox church together with ussr glory , empire symbols with communism ones etc. 
  no wonder you have no idea what you really are , or who are your real friends . 
  it 's oligarchs and putin that set the will and values of russia . 
  for us , things are clear , ussr is an enemy and nothing else . 
  russia can be an ally or not , depending on how they want themselves . 
  unfortunately , it seems to be the latter . 
  indeed , czech republic is more like average in european context . 
  they 're not even that flashy in estonia . 
  wearing more than two colours is enough to fit in . 
   why not alow them their language is beyond me . 
  you mean why do we not turn our country bilingual ? 
  let 's use the correct words , we are not forbidding anybody any languages . 
  and the answer is that we do n't want to . 
  our country 's purpose is to maintain estonian language and culture ( written in the constitution ) , which means having russian as official does n't even fit there . 
  it would be an extra cost and effort everywhere . 
  furthermore , russians have n't been very eager to learn estonian , how many do you think would do that if russians was an official language ? 
  `` we do n't need that pointless tiny language , russian is so much more useful , you can do everything with it here and elsewhere '' etc  it is just trolling by russian media , and your reaction to it is amusing ( as i already said ) , as it was intended . 
  i do have the impression that the whole media of russia is just one big troll factory . 
  we 're not used to something like that here . 
  for us , free media is an important element of democracy and rule of law , it 's not some propaganda machine of the goverment . 
  oh , i do n't know about you , but for me , russia 's opinion has zero value anyway . 
  i ca n't even imagine why they think it 's okay to play moral high ground , despite being responsible for colonizing baltics and deporting natives to the extent even comparable to ethnic cleansing in some regions , all of which is direct cause for the situation in estonia and latvia today . 
  but this case is really exceptional and not related to the issue of stateless people in estonia and latvia . 
   now you oppress people in your country because `` muh country - we do what we want '' while constantly complaining about oppression while another government was in power . 
  we do n't oppress people . 
  we have certain rules here and expect others to follow them . 
  one of them is knowing estonian language for obtaining citizenship . 
  if having to know estonian is oppression for russians , they always have russia . 
  i mean other than that , i do n't think such demand is something so burdensome or uncommon in europe . 
  basically all the people that lived in estonia were given it ? 
  but that was in 1918-1920 , not in 1991 . 
  and we 've heard those arguments so many times already . 
  we understand , for you , republic of estonia is just another regime governing the seaside baltic provinces . 
  for us , all the others were foreign invaders and now we have our own free country . 
  we are not going to negotiate its right to exist , nor the way we run our country . 
  you are not allowed to participate in the national elections if you do n't have estonian citizenship . 
  plenty of russians do , and they tend to block-vote for the most pro-putin party anyway . 
  nope , estonian citizenship was restored for others . 
  you do know that estonia was founded in 1918 and survived as an independent state until 1940 , right ? 
  that 's where the parents ' citizenship was taken . 
  for example , austria 's current president theoretically has an estonian citizenship for that reason , his parents had it ( they escaped from estonia because of soviets ) . 
  most european countries , including estonia , use * ius sanguinis * for granting citizenship by birth . 
  that means you get passport if at least one of your parents have it . 
  being born on the country 's soil might matter in the usa , but not here . 
  this is totally related and comparable . 
   finland is a bilingual country . 
  it was part of sweden for hundreds of years , you were part of russia for hundreds of years . 
  no big difference to me . 
  that might seem to be the case if you take a very shallow and ignorant glimpse at the countries . 
  swedes in finland are more like germans in estonia , if anything . 
  just like swedish has influenced finnish language a lot , so has german influenced estonian . 
  finnish swedes played a huge role in national awakening in finland , like baltic germans here . 
  many of them are historical figures now in finland/estonia . 
  finns fought for finnish language status over swedish , like estonians for estonian language over german . 
  estonia was part of russia , but so was finland . 
  finland enjoyed a wide autonomy , not quite like estonia , but nevertheless estonia was still basically led by a lutheran-german nobility . 
  it was only during late 19th century russification when russian was forced as official language ( just like in finland ) . 
  this ended with both finland and estonia breaking away and declaring their own states in 1917-1918 . 
  vast majority of russians in estonia are migrants from soviet union , who have no roots or ties to estonia . 
  they live almost exclusively in soviet-era apartment blocks . 
  absolutely incomparable to swedes in finland , who have lived there for centuries and have developed a finnish identity . 
  the small native russian minority in estonia are old believers by lake peipsi . 
   you said yourself that you removed lenin statues . 
  then you say that you are not . 
  doublethink ? 
  lenin statues were mostly gone here already by late 1980s . 
  why would we even keep monuments of a foreign leader that symbolizes communist world we never wanted to be part of ? 
  hope you also go whine at germany or czech republic for removing those , because basically every civilized democratic market economy did that . 
   why not ? 
  why not have russian as a second official language in regions with big russian population ? 
  like any other european country ? 
  even russia has this in republics with significant non russian population . 
  any other european country ? 
  do you have turkish language recognized in germany ? 
  or russian in czech republic ? 
  russian is not an official language because it was never that in republic of estonia . 
  not in 1920 -- 1940 , and not now either . 
  just because we had a massive immigration during soviet occupation does n't mean we have to change our country 's basic values . 
  no , we are not to blame for that . 
  `` even russia '' ? 
  what ? 
  you proclaim yourself to be `` multi-ethnic federation '' , it would be absurd if you just took foreign native people in and denied their language . 
  nevertheless , that has n't really worked now , has it . 
  finno-ugrics are already minorities in their `` republics '' and even less speak their language at this point . 
   you mean it really , even if you don ` t understand it yourself . 
  moreover , you shall understand why we laugh at you , when your people do this . 
  it is not like we care about soviet symbols ( which i like for some reasons ) , it is just the laugh about you guys seriously believing demolishing some symbols would do any difference . 
  as you mentioned , doing this you rather behave like the soviets themselves , which is really funny . 
  like reverse cargo cult , you know . 
  that 's exactly what i pointed out before . 
  we are not demolishing monuments ( even the one scandalous was merely relocated ) . 
  but that does n't stop you from believing , after all , if motherland tv said it , it must be true . 
  this is exactly why it 's impossible to have civilized discussion with russia .
