  giving moral support for democratic ideals and funding reforms is pretty much the main extent of western support . 
  if you think people here are hugely willing to fund corruption in ukraine , you 're incredibly wrong . 
  ukraine is being attempted to integrate with europe more , but it wo n't happen without their own input . 
  it 's ukraine 's doing , we supporting . 
  because even as russia considers the new government all evil and bad , there are still nearly 40 million people there who need to live , have hopes for the future etc. 
  maybe in your brotherly behaviour it 's norm that you throw them under the bus because putin said so , but we at least try to give them a chance . 
   so what ? 
  estonia still participated and supported that invasion , even in purely symbolical way . 
  weakness is not an excuse . 
  `` it was n't a rape , because my penis is too short '' . 
  i 'm not even justifying that , i think estonia made a mistake there , but your `` what about '' arguments are just lame and add nothing to the discussion . 
   estonia is a member of a military alliance led by certain country that 's doing all this stuff for them . 
  always the `` but usa did x and y and bla-bla-bla '' . 
  it might sound unbelievable , but we might be part of nato , but we 're not usa . 
  nor some us puppets , as sometimes portrayed in your media . 
  if you have n't noticed , europe 's and america 's relations have cooled off lately as well . 
   bosnia , croatia , rwanda , iraq oh , sure . 
  bosnia as a country barely even works and has a real chance that serbs will unilaterally split anyway . 
  croatia - most serbs do n't even live there anymore . 
  rwanda , oh right , that `` success story '' . 
  i 'm sure we 're going to hear about the wonder of that place in the future . 
  iraq , hmm getting only better , so i guess having islamic state is definitely something serbia and kosovo should look as an example to follow ? 
   for sure at least serbian majority regions were able to keep living in serbia -- but for some reason there were forcefully ceded from their own country . 
  so would serbia then give its territories with kosovar ( albanian ) majority to kosovo ? 
  the basis for kosovo 's independence was the territory 's autonomy , which means it was already partly self-governing . 
  they pretty much extended their right of self-determination . 
   obviously it was possible , they just did n't want to that . 
  of course they `` did n't want to do that '' . 
  it 's because they did n't see a chance for them to continue to live together . 
   it 's just certain western countries ( including estonia ) have artistic understanding of international law . 
  a very bold statement coming from a russian ( !!! ) . 
  i think russia has probably one of the wildest inrepretation tracks of international law . 
   why do you bring russia into every discussion ? 
  why do you lash out on that ? 
  i absolutely do not bring russia into every discussion . 
  right now , if you read op 's comment , you 'll know just as well as i do , that it 's russia that constantly portrays these as `` nazi glorification '' . 
   of course your equation of nazis to red army is laughable , but i 'm not going to be drawn into that discussion again ... for us , they were not really that different , were they now ? 
  austria , for example , can go celebrate soviets as liberators if they want , but we have no such obligation here . 
  we 're not going to fall to that `` you probably would have had it worse under nazis eventually '' . 
  yeah , maybe , but who the fuck cares ? 
  i 'm not going to pay respect to that disgusting dictatorship because they * might * have been better than the other evil . 
  both of these belong into the trash bin of history . 
  i think that 's the thing . 
  it 's really a fringe event , at least in estonia , and yet russia screams every year how `` nazis are glorified each year '' . 
  like what ? 
  i do n't think having any celebrations for the occupying regimes or their soldiers here is ethical at all , but if we allow to do it for the soviet side , what stops the same right for german side ? 
  i mean , as long as no nazi symbols and hate is spread . 
  but as i said , i 'd keep away from both . 
  both were enemies of our countries , both are controversial pieces of shit better left untouched . 
   well , there would be no russian intervention in crimea without illegal western-backed change of power in kiev and no russian intervention in donbass without full-blown civil war that had to be stopped by someone . 
  ukraine was n't `` invaded '' just for not being a success story . 
  you are seriously comparing invasion to just supporting ordinary people in toppling their incredibly corrupt regime ? 
   by the way , considering that estonia supported and participated in the invasion of iraq , i think you should address these words to your own country . 
  according to condoleezza rice : yes , i 'm sure those 50 soldiers brought some huge destruction there . 
  also , they at least left the region , something russia usually tends to do some 50-100 years late , if at all . 
   oh , estonia also was one of the first to recognize kosovo  just 3 days after the us . 
  i am sure you protested against that . 
  because it `` does n't justify it in any way '' and so on . 
  i 'm not personally very fond of the situation , but they had a fucking ethnic cleansing . 
  no way they would continue to peacefully live in serbia from that point . 
  trust in political parties is generally low everywhere , but that 's not an excuse to just miss elections . 
  there is always a party that is closest to one 's views , or at least there are those that are absolutely unacceptable for you , so you vote for others in order to avoid them getting elected . 
  i 'm probably way more tolerant with the choice of parties than the average person , but i 'm generally fine with everybody that fits into western liberal democracy model . 
  so pro-russia putinists and alt-right ( far-right ) populists are extremist parties for me that i never even consider . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  we had 64.2 % in 2015 , which was the highest turnout since 1995 ( ! ) . 
  i mean , okay , it 's improving , but fuck those lazy irresponsible estonians that do not bother to vote . 
  i think turnout in elections is an important indicator of a society 's maturity . 
  these are people that do n't know much about politics or world affairs anyway . 
  we have lots of indicators , from corruption perception to human development index to measure how a country is doing . 
  ukraine is definitely not shining there . 
  yet somehow you got ussr 's permanent seat at un security council , likely the most powerful diplomatic position there is . 
  meanwhile , countries like india or brazil do n't have it . 
  russia was accepted into g8 . 
  russia was going to be accepted into oecd ( halted due to crimea invasion ) , visa freedom with eu on the table ( halted due to crimea invasion ) etc. 
  but if by `` disregarding '' you mean russia has no control over half of europe , nor has it any rights over its neighbours ' internal affairs , then you 're right . 
  it 's a common knowledge that ukraine is incredibly corrupt . 
  why should it not fit `` our agenda '' ? 
  ukrainians themselves are the one ones ultimately suffering from that . 
  we know ukraine has had pretty bad leadership and the country is definitely not a success story . 
  it does n't justify invading them in any way . 
  if anything , it makes it even worse that instead of helping them , you bring them even more misery . 
  there are plenty in western ukraine that use ukrainian as the main language . 
  thank you very much . 
  like the pm of crimea that totally does n't represent crimeans ? 
  maybe he does n't , be he sure as hell represents the russkiy mir that has arrived there :  aksyonov has promised that ukrainian would cease to be an official language if crimea joined russia . 
   sergey aksyonov has led efforts to stamp out dissent among ethnic crimean tatars over the annexation , saying `` all activities aimed at non-recognition of crimea 's joining to russia and non-recognition of the leadership of the country will face prosecution under the law and we will take a very tough stance on this . ''  aksyonov says homosexuals `` have no chance '' in crimea , and that `` we in crimea do not need such people . '', 
  he also promised that if gays tried to hold public gatherings , `` our police and self-defense forces will react immediately and in three minutes will explain to them what kind of sexual orientation they should stick to . '', 
  anyway , i tend to believe russia actually uses eurovision as a tool of foreign policy . 
  singing about peace and love in 2013 -- 2015 as crimea was occupied and annexed . 
  you know , that europeans would not get the idea of aggressive , chauvinist russia . 
  now , poor disabled woman that also happens to have visited occupied crimea and has implied pro-kremlin and anti-western views on ukrainian conflict . 
  i would n't be sorry at all if russia was booed out . 
  thanks . 
  she seems to be the typical victim of state propaganda of russia . 
  all the standard viewpoints are there . 
  russia stands strong for ukraine ? 
  look at that good brother nation , occupying-annexing lands and sending war machines to fight you . 
  diverting gas flows and imposing trade restrictions are just bonuses , i guess . 
  oh , and oh no , she discovered our secret plans .
