  but i 'm not very fond of some ` orthodox brotherhoods ' or sth like that with russia , which breaks the unity of eu . 
  as the union is ( ideally ) about common values , i guess , but that 's difficult to ask from a union where we 've been in for a few decades , over the history of centuries of our nations . 
  yes , but you 're also against being open to the world economy , which , sorry , but i personally see as a very backwards attitude , especially for a small country . 
  also , how come you 're part of nato and yet like nato 's # 1 enemy more than nato itself . 
  sounds very contradictory to me . 
  [ hmm ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2016/06/pm_2016.06.13_epw-02-06.png ) . 
  [ okay ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2016/06/pm_2016.06.13_epw-02-04.png ) . 
  [ that 's enough ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2016/06/pm_2016.06.13_epw-02-05.png ) . 
  thank fucking god sweden is our neighbour and not greece . 
  i see your brain functions as is common for a russian chauvinist . 
  instead of maybe integration , education , development etc , better kill/deport/oppress people because they * might * do horrible things in the future under nazi occupation . 
  that * totally * helps and does n't actually contribute to violence at all , as we know suffering people during war time are not prone to some horrible deeds at all . 
  yes , i would n't really trust their ` racial purity ' policies . 
  i mean , were n't finno-ugrics put into same group as mongols due to non-indo-european language by some of their ` scientists ' ? 
  and well , then people became ` more pure ' when they allied with nazis etc. 
   there are reasons for that development : i fully understand that germany wants efficient and affordable energy , we all do . 
  blocking cheap russian imports hurts the economy and in the end , works against european interests . 
  but doing that because you ditched nuclear energy because of some emotional reaction about a nuclear disaster that happened on the other side of the earth , in a seismically active area , is just idiotic itself . 
  it 's about 85 % , but that 's not surprising considering the geography . 
  and it used to be 100 % a few years ago , while germany is still aiming to increase russia 's share in gas imports even more . 
   if the baltics want to deter russia , reduce your dependence on gas , i see germany is helping a lot in that . 
  / s  become economic power houses ( kind of like the small netherlands are ) so it hurts if the other side can \u00b4 t do business with you that 's like saying in order to have a succesful country , end poverty and become rich . 
  we 're tiny countries located far from the densely populated centre of europe , with rapidly aging populations and very little natural resources . 
  we 're never going to have economic leverage over russia . 
  it 's a country over 20 times bigger population-wise than the baltics , with the most natural resources in the world . 
  even though i have next to zero trust towards putin 's russia when it comes to security , nuclear weapons are a step way too provocative and unnecessary . 
  israel is a country that clearly faces constant threat from its neighbours . 
  baltics might have bad relations with russia , but hey , it 's not like our right to existence is denied in moscow or anything . 
  the current measures , more nato presence and keeping defence spending at 2 % are enough . 
  the most vulnerable place is lithuanian-polish border , so it 's important to have strong forces in poland . 
  otherwise , russia could just trap the forces in baltics , if necessary . 
  meanwhile , those in poland are safer . 
  what is more , there 's no interest here to start some huge war campaign . 
  we are still catching up to western europe and a peaceful economic development is aimed here . 
  this is also very important for security because a poorer and socially worse off population is more prone to exploitation . 
  zhirinovsky 's son . 
  no need to explain anything further . 
  the only concern here is how these people manage to get into the parliament ... 
  `` i 'm annoyed by the racism and ignorance of people here , claiming that all russian people are x '' . 
  `` that 's because people in this subreddit are y '' . 
  now you 're just doing the same , just to another community . 
   he is a son of vladimir zhirinovsky oh god , that man has children ? 
  whyyy ... 
  do austrian coins usually dominate there , as it 's a bigger economy right next door ? 
  here , finnish coins are extremely common , followed by german ones . 
  latvia and lithuania are also now often seen , less than the afromentioned two , but they 're still quite fresh members , so they might get more common in the future . 
   it did n't happen to poland , hungary and many other eastern states . 
  these were countries that , despite being communist and under soviet occupation , were still separate states , but were not part of ussr . 
  i was not talking about them . 
  i was explicitly talking about post-ussr , not post-socialist states . 
   the only country who had a similar fallout was ukraine oh , really ? 
  what about moldova , the poorest state in europe , where a large part of economy is just moldovans working abroad sending money back , where people sell kidneys for some money ( or at least did in 90s and early 2000s ) . 
  what about all the central asian countries , like tajiksitan and kyrgyzstan , which have reverted to agricultural societies , and which also live on people working in russia sending money back etc ? 
  see , none of them had it any better than russia , it 's just russia is so fucking huge that all these problems there seem bigger , are felt bigger and by more people . 
  nonetheless , at least russia and some other countries , like kazakhstan and azerbaijan , could feast on the oil boom of 2000s and recover , while ukraine and moldova , for example , were left in the pit . 
  if anything , you should feel sorry for them . 
  and they do n't invade their neighbours ...  but that kind of corruption was not cheered on by the west to the same extent . 
  these problems were never cheered on ` by the west ' . 
  this is some straight putinist propaganda which paints usa ( and the west ) as some enemy behind most russia 's problems . 
  some experts in usa and the west might have had misled ideas with all the reforms , but who really thinks it was some evil us conspiracy all along ?!, 
  for fucks sake , usa did n't even want to break up ussr , they even delayed recognizing baltics ' independence and supported gorbachev etc. 
  yeltsin coming to power was the result of all the mess inside ussr , and usa definitely did not ( at least initially ) support him . 
  this is what happened to all post-ussr countries after collapse of the union . 
  and countries like russia , kazakhstan and azerbaijan had the massive surge in oil prices to crawl out from that mess , while ukraine , moldova , armenia etc did not ( or well , they did , but it just made their imports more expensive ) . 
  also , where 's the logic that washington was responsible for that ? 
  were americans responsible for russian economy or what ? 
  and did they also , for some reason , hate all the other post-ussr countries aswell ? 
   do you think that there are people without basic knowledge of latvian ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there are more than enough russians that went to school before the 60/40 system was introduced and have since not learned the language by themselves . 
  i 'm sure the french are just loving this kind of tourists . 
  russia 's retirement age for men is 60 and for women , just 55 ( ! ) . 
  i guess it 's some kind of a soviet left-over as women had to give brith to many children , but nowadays , most women work full-time in russia , too , and there are other benefits for mothers . 
  this would be the ideal time to raise it to 60 for women aswell . 
  considering life expectancy for men is 11.5 years less ( !!! ), 
  than for women , it 's incredibly absurd to have higher retirement age for them . 
  even more , men have to sacrifice a year of their life for conscription aswell , while there 's nothing similar for women . 
  how the hell is this not fought against in russia , which i would consider a massive discrimination against men , i do n't know ( men ca n't complain , hurr-durr , must be manly , endure everything ?! ) . 
  but it would be incredibly good for the state budget too . 
  putin 's probably not doing it before next elections , but it seems quite inevitable . 
  and logical . 
  yeah , that 's not very surprising , nor shocking for that era . 
  but i can see why homosexuality is seen as something disgusting and why it 's compared to pedophilia . 
  at least in estonian soviet socialist republic , homosexual acts were criminalized right next to pedophilia . 
  and now in 2016 , it 's legal to register partnerships for same sex couples here . 
  some big changes have happened . 
  unfortunately , the society is really slow to have its moral values catch along . 
  what has pro-west to do anything here ? 
  ukraine 's currently pro-west and it is dirt poor . 
  i wo n't believe for a second that they have positive net migration . 
  belarus is also a rather poor country , i explained my reasoning above . 
  russia is very anti-west and yet i know it has positive net migration , mainly due to central asian and caucasian migrants . 
  i think you should leave politics out from some issues , it 's not letting you think clear . 
  only fortunately , eu is made up of 27 more countries in addition to germany . 
  okay , i stand corrected in such case . 
  however , these problems should be brought out earlier when eu discusses granting visa freedom . 
  in this case , it seems like they quickly find a reason to not let it happen . 
  [ detailed voting ] ( http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-follow-up-to-the-resolution-of-parliament-of-11-february-2015-on-the-us-senate-report-on-the-use-of--10.html ) , for those who 're interested . 
  well , mayor of tallinn and the heads of port of tallinn ( one of the largest state enterprises ) are currently under investigation for corruption . 
  we might have very low corruption among commoners , but on higher level , it seems rather bad . 
  from the article :  berlin said the german public was worried about a recent spate of home burglaries by georgian criminal groups in germany , diplomatic sources said .
