  if i remember correctly , most peasants were serfs as they were in local baltic germans ' lands , who ` owned them ' for that . 
  i think only those on swedish state lands were freed of that , but they were a minority . 
  it is a controversial saying . 
  yes , swedish king gustav ii adolf founded the university of tartu ( still the most important university in estonia today ) and education was generally encouraged . 
  also , many books were translated into estonian and churches started services in estonian , which increased literacy rate among the peasants . 
  at the same time , sweden exploited estonia for its agricultural production and caused mass starvation ( due to the weather as well ) . 
  also , peasants ' rights lagged behind western europe and their obligations were rised . 
  the true `` good old swedish time '' was karl xi 's time when peasants ' rights were expanded . 
  but that ended with war with russia , which also brought a great starvation to the country . 
  oh , and russia conquered estonia aswell . 
  let 's just agree to disagree , this is going nowhere . 
  i , for one , am convinced , than lithuania benefits more from $ than it loses . 
  that was my point . 
  you seem to disagree , yes ? 
  it 'd be only logical to have greece as a great vacation destination . 
  previously , egypt has been popular here , let 's hope greece takes over . 
  that 's the same as comparing eu and eea statistics . 
  the latter one comprises of eu and norway & iceland . 
  so , of course , all economic statistics are better in the latter case . 
  but would you say that montenegro , for example , had better join eea than eu ? 
  why do you call everything cherrypicking ? 
  i 'd call them examples . 
  that 's actually a very important thing if you want to back your sayings . 
  and the reason why i picked slovakia , hungary , estonia and not portugal , greece or cyprus , for example , is because they are cee countries like lithuania , about which this topic is actually about . 
  so please , bring me a better example ( related to lithuania ) to prove that i am wrong because calling each of my examples ` cherrypicking ' and not providing any of yours does n't prove anything . 
   the discrepancy becomes even more worrying if you only look at poor countries . 
  are you sure ? 
  if we took , for example , hungary and slovakia - they are neighbouring countries with similar conditions , one of them has $ . 
  i think there 's no doubt in who 's been more succesful . 
  also , i really do n't think that 0.1 % deflation is something troubling at all . 
  even estonia had 0.4 % deflation in june , yet retail trade went up by 7 % yoy . 
  this is not japan , deflation ( or rather price stagnation ) is more like fresh air for consumers after years of high inflation . 
  especially considering the fact that it is mainly caused by falls in global food and oil prices , not internal stagnation . 
  what ? 
  it was n't nitpicking , i just wrote why the last paragraphs are not logical at all with its examples . 
  i agree with you that $ is not absolutely problem-free if you wanted to hear that . 
  i can explain this . 
  the green scheme is the old one that tallinn has had for decades already . 
  the blue ones ( with clouds ) are bought by the state and it is a rather random colour scheme . 
  the light blue is part of the new colour scheme for the public transport of tallinn , trams and trolleybuses will get a similar look in the future , but old vehicles are not repainted . 
  this is the general look of the new scheme : http://i.imgur.com/27z50tt.png new trams of tallinn will look like this : http://g1.nh.ee/images/pix/900x585/6e50ac0/tramm-67622728.jpg, 
  the last paragraphs do n't make any sense at all . 
  it 's just taking only such statistics that would be against $ and that 's it , no analyzing , no nothing . 
  slovenia had somewhat of a ( construction ) boom in 2007 , which of course , was n't sustainable . 
  at the same time , czech republic was also richer relative to eu-15 back in 2007 as slovenia . 
  why do n't they compare them ? 
  oh yeah , it would show $ in a too good perspective . 
  now , slovakia , which has been incredibly successful , is surprisingly even mentioned , but then something about ` slipping into deflation ' is added like 0.1 % deflation is something extremely horrible after years of one of the fastest inflation in the eu . 
  again , the fact that some non-ez peers are also in deflation , such as hungary , is not mentioned . 
  ca n't show that $ is not the source of all economic problems in the world . 
  extremely biased text , i 'd say . 
  they actually look really good in the cityscape , well at least in my opinion . 
  the only bad thing is that light colours + dirt and mud , well , you know what happens . 
  tallinn has actually new colour scheme , new buses look like this : http://www.tallinn.ee/gal_pildid/75943.jpg, 
  oh right , brussels is so far away . 
  at least belgians can enjoy the fast payments . 
  the only bad side to this is that in some countries , such as estonia , the payments are now slower than before . 
  darn slow eurocrats , get to our level \\ s, 
  i think conscription should be for women too . 
  obviously , they would n't have to do exactly the same stuff , but the fact that men have to spend at least 8 months of their life serving state due to their sex and women have nothing similar , is actually discrimination . 
  actually , we 'll never know as it is illegal in russia to even make polls online about separation . 
  they even toughened the punishments due to crimea . 
  and if anyone actually wanted , they 'd get bombed instead , khmm ... chechnya . . khmm ... 
  i am not an expert , nor do i consider my opinion 100 % fair , but i 've never understood why kosovars are not reaching towards albania . 
  i mean , they did n't even have a flag of their own , yet wanted independence and not to join albania . 
  also , montenegrin seem too close to serbs to form a totally different nation , not to mention a country . 
  the differences are so small that they would most likely be considered dialects here . 
  the bad thing is that both countries are really small , both by population and area . 
  all in all , it seems that even in the case of slighest differences , they want to be a separate country . 
  we could start with karelia joining finland , k\u00f6ningsberg germany and kuril islands japan and end with finno-ugric countries in siberia . 
  a great idea , do n't you think ? 
  ah , i knew someone was going to bring this comparison of yugo vs ussr . 
  first of all , i am not against breakup of yugoslavia . 
  if it collapsed in such a bloody way , it surely did n't function normally . 
  i am quite sure that slovenia , for instance , is now better off . 
  i just do n't think that creating a separate country for every minority in each region is the best soluton here . 
  secondly , ussr and yugoslavia are not comparable as the first one was a bloody dictatorship and the second one was not even behind the iron curtain . 
  in fact , it was a rather developed country if compared to rest of eastern europe . 
  not to mention , estonia was a functioning independent country before it was violently annexed by soviets . 
  we did n't succeed in 1991 , we just ended the occupation . 
  i ca n't agree with your `` solution '' with bosnia . 
  the demographic structure is just so complicated and geographically a nightmare that dividing the country is not an option . 
  moreover , the ethnic borders have been forcefully changed multiple times , which would create huge problem over ` whose land is rightfully what ' . 
  also , muslim bosniaks would indeed be left with a ridiculously small country that just would n't work . 
  sorry , but i think this is stupid . 
  former yugoslavia has already shattered into 7 ( !!! ), 
  countries , many of which , in my opinion , are excessive . 
  instead of trying to live peacefully together and accept different cultures , creating more small fragile countries makes the situation even worse . 
  will we also have a croat republik of bosnia and then country of muslim bosniaks ? 
  maybe hungarians of vojvodina also want independence ? 
  and let 's make a serb republic in croatia , they do have some problems there aswell . 
  the huge difference between czech republic and slovakia is weird . 
  can anybody explain that ? 
  how is that ? 
  i think annexation of sudetenland in 1938 and annexation of crimea in 2014 are actually extremely similar . 
  both were annexed by their neighbouring country , justifying them that the territories ` belonged historically to them ' and spread lies about ` discrimination of germans/russians ' in the annexed territories . 
  moreover , the reaction of europe was absurdly mild then , as it is now . 
  we all know what the ignorance back then brought us . 
  there would be nothing wrong with the `` russian way '' if it did n't include occupying and annexing neighbouring countries , as well as fuelling russian chauvinism abroad , all of which resembles nazi germany of 1930s . 
  oh and then labelling it `` anti-fascism '' is like icing on the cake .
