  oh , conscription robs another year , of course . 
  just as there ca n't be any violations of rights of sexual minorities because gays do n't exist in russia , they are purely a western phenomenon . 
  and soviet union had it even better , they did n't even have disabled people ( yes , it was an official position , even moscow 1980 did n't host paralympics for that reason ) . 
  what a paradise , i must say . 
  dat horror , cyrillic estonian , delete it , now !!, 
  only poland does n't have uninvited guests acting like occupants like we do :(, 
  well , i meant that it actually should be a goal for eu to reduce the huge wealth gaps . 
  the measures for this ... 
  i 'm not too sure . 
  structural funds are great because they fund mainly infrastructure which is underdeveloped in cee , and the use of these needs to be transparent . 
  in a way , these * could * be increased , because currently , less than 1 % of eu 's gdp is redistributed and even that is not only solely towards poorer countries as countries like france benefit immensely from cap funds . 
  on the other side , the beneficiary countries might get too dependant on the funds . 
  however , i also find it necessary to develop the common market . 
  so that products and services sold on the market enter the eu at once , not each country separately . 
  it 's difficult to do , but not impossible . 
  what is more , the availability of capital could be easier , so it would n't be a vicious cycle where germany as the most trusted country always gets the cheapest credit , while the periphery has the opposite situation . 
  another important factor could be a common energy market , so that natural resources could not be used as a political weapon to divide eu . 
  there is actually a lot to do , but let 's just say not all eu countries are interested in these . 
   what do you mean by that exactly ? 
  this :  i can honestly not see how it is the eu that needs to fund to raise the wealth in living standard in romania , why and how the eu should heal the wounds of 50 years of communism then . 
   also this is not about millions . 
  on another page : what is your better solution to solving the refugee problem other than distributing it fairly across the eu ? 
  physically blocking entrance to europe , refusing to accept anyone else but documented war refugees , mainly syrians ( preferably from camps in syria 's neighbouring countries ) , definitely not the ` come here , you are welcome ' policy ( if germany wants to do it , it may , but it has no rights to start forcing the same ideology to rest of eu ) , cutting benefits to migrants . 
  what else ? 
  sending migrants back , start arresting illegals ( because how the hell is it normal that when a legal russian citizen , for example , wants to make a tourist trip to a neighbouring eu , has to apply for schengen visa , pay for it , give a lot of personal details , including fingerprints , and then they get to temporarily visit the eu , yet thousands of people without any documents whatsoever , with completely random backgrounds , can * illegally * enter eu and they get free housing , food , healthcare etc for it ?! ) . 
  and then , if all the economic migrants are pushed out , the flow stopped , should we share the true refugees between eu countries . 
  otherwise , it 's just a never-ending crisis with no trust for the quotas because we do n't see the end of it . 
  so , you see no reason for eu to actually help its own citizens , but accepting millions of non-europeans should be something mandatory . 
  did you miss the * european * union here ? 
   they also work harder than the slaves if so , why do n't you accept all 5 million of them ? 
  5 million hard-working employees contributing to german economy , such a success story . 
   dont pay anymore money to ukraine apart from small aid packages to ukraine , the eu has contributed next to nothing financially to ukraine ( and even here , germany contributes less than half ) . 
   get good relations with russia oh , look . 
  a human rights violating , neighbour-invading autocratic regime which murders journalists , oppositionists , oppresses minorities , shoots down passenger planes etc is totally ok to have good relations with , because germany gets cheap gas . 
  yet look at those evil poles not accepting forced migrants , such nazis !, 
  statistics are such a nice thing to use to manipulate the facts . 
  first of all , migrants always concentrate in larger cities ( and in eu 's case , that is wealthy western/northern european ones ) and if there 's already a migrant community somewhere , they 'll go there . 
  so that ' 1 % ' will most likely turn into ' 5 % ' or ' 10 % ' on the local level . 
  second of all , out of those ' 5 million people ' , the vast majority are young males ( and muslims ) . 
  that means we 'd have : a ) these people bringing their familiy with them , so 5 million would become more b ) people with no families , meaning millions of single people , potentially also unemployed , uneducated , poor etc. 
  isis would look like a hell of a career to some in such situation , i am afraid . 
  thirdly , 1 % of population is still * a lot * . 
  eu 's population grows by about a million a year , or about 0.2 % . 
  part of this is people born in europe and not migrants . 
  what is more , those 5 million are not the end of refugees/migrants . 
  syria is one conflict , but middle east and africa will stay very violent places and we already have libya etc. 
   your going to have to compare it with an european country with alot of muslims , for example cyprus with about 20 % muslim pop. , but we all know cyprus is a land in chaos and `` constant fighting '' it 's a country where muslims and christians have been divided by splitting the country with a huge demilitarized zone with un peacekeepers , also leaving many towns there completely abandonded . 
  cyprus is one of the worst examples in the world to show `` success '' in integrating muslims . 
   it was signed and agreed to by moldovan government . 
  you dont get to rename it into invasion just because you dont like it . 
  moldova has repeatedly asked russia to withdraw its troops . 
  of course it wo n't . 
  or is it the russian logic again that treaties and agreements are to be respected only as long as it suits kremlin ? 
   eu commission says it was georgia that started that war . 
  i guess you know better . 
  it depends how you view it . 
  if georgia took action on its own territories , it should n't be provocation . 
  unless it has foreign troops there , of course . 
   finally . 
  my question would be what led to that involvement ? 
  or are you implying that putin just woke up one morning and decided to invade ? 
  the point was that ukraine was shifting to the west and propaganda stories were made out how nazis came to power that want to massacre local russians . 
  i see no reasons not to use same rhetorics again in latvia , for example . 
   rebels captured buks from ukraine before the incident . 
  and shot down several military planes in the region just days before the mh17 incident . 
  was n't russia 's position that it was actually ukrainian military jets taking the passenger plane down ? 
  now when it 's proven it was a buk , it suddenly became `` captured from ukraine '' . 
  seriously , how can anyone take that shit even seriously ? 
   im kinda disappointed you didnt try to defend his `` vetoed projects '' ... was genuinely interested if there even is such a thing . 
  i 'd rather not because i 'm not familiar with the topic . 
  looking at statistics regarding integration of migrants , sweden performs poorly - unemployment rate is several times higher among foreigners and there are also big differences in pisa test results , reflecting a gap already among pupils . 
  these are actually one of the worst indicators in europe . 
  what is more , there is increasing violence in immigrant areas , many people from sweden joining isis , surge in religious extremists etc. 
  in that situation , i can not comprehend how not limiting immigration is not on the table . 
  even the nordic neighbours have taken bold steps to deal with the problem . 
  considering i actually do n't like sd at all , this is a bad situation , but it 's not surprising to see sd tipping up each month as the migration crisis in europe ( but also in sweden ) is worsening . 
   how many ? 
  let 's see now , to keep it simple , let 's only include russia after collapse of soviet union . 
  moldova in 1992 . 
  `` peacekeeping '' forces aka protecting the soviet leftover pseudo-state , of course strongly aligned to moscow and russian-speaking . 
  georgia in 2008 . 
  occupied two regions and cut them away from georgia , of course with heavily pro-russian regimes . 
  ukraine in 2014 . 
  occupied and annexed crimea , involved in eastern ukraine . 
  chechnya can be kept out because it 's not a country today . 
  so , 3 at least . 
   you mean the tribunal that would politicize the tragedy even more ? 
  yes , what a sad tragedy . 
  the fact that russia armed terrorists with militay equipment so they 'd be able to do that is no biggie . 
  it was an accident after all . 
  germany has voluntarily accepted turks , while estonia unwillingly experienced mass immigration during occupation . 
  places that never had a significant amount of russians suddenly became fully russian-speaking . 
  there were several towns during occupation where estonians were not allowed to move into , while russian immigrants were brought instead . 
  it was basically ethnic cleansing , only instead of killing the people , they were either deported or just not allowed to return . 
  no reparations , no responsibility from anyone , not even an apology . 
  instead , we 're almost labelled nazis for not accepting these people as natives . 
  meanwhile , finno-ugric nations in russia * do * live in their native lands , and yet are dying out quicker than ever . 
  note that estonia is supposed to be a nation state , while russia multi-ethnic federation . 
  spot the irony ? 
  what i 'm saying is , that there should be at least some level of fairness for estonians .
