  so what has the national pride achieved them to this point ? 
  bloody ethnic conflicts , collapse of yugoslavia , losing montenegro and kosovo . 
  now also keeping away from eu , while having brain drain , but not eu membership as compensaton ? 
  slowly rotting away , staying an isolated landlocked backwater region ? 
  that national pride might just be the most harmful thing to serbia in recent history . 
  i 'm surprised they got the swiss ... 
  if you go by what russian mps say and especially when they use the term ` russophobia ' , you might get a very wrong impression . 
  judging by statements in foreign policy and voting in the european parliament , slovenia is rather eu-mainstream compared to greece when it comes russia . 
  so what are you hoping for instead ? 
  serbia is already poorer than any eu member and judging by economic statistics , the gap is only widening . 
  it 'd only make sense to join the common european market and gain access to full eu funds . 
  i think greece would currently go as the most pro-russia country in eu . 
   it has nothing to do with your or mine social circle . 
  if 80 % of population is against something , then it 's shortsighted to blame it all on `` old people '' . 
  i was not blaming anyone , i merely brought out how a specific demographic group tends to have more similar values everywhere in the world . 
  younger than 35 were the [ only group ] ( http://uudised.err.ee/v/eesti/0d7410be-5294-4578-9741-3fc30581eadb ) to support it . 
  if we also consider the very high opposition by russians , it does n't take a nuclear scientist to conclude that young estonian-speakers are the most supportive demographic . 
   you do not change it with proselytizing and concerts . 
  you do it by showing them that gay people are not monsters who want to `` convert '' their children or do those other ridiculous things they get accused of . 
  you go step by step and just do what has to be done . 
  instead of just including all the needed changes to existing laws ( btw it 's already possible ) they just had to package it all to one `` pedeseadus '' and make all the bigots scream bloody murder . 
  okay , i can agree with that one . 
   it 's irrelevant . 
  we speak about us , not about others . 
  we speak how our message can reach our people , not polish . 
  it 's probable , that different means must be used . 
  did n't you claim that conservative attitudes are some ethnic traits here ? 
  then it would mean other nations would be different , would n't it ? 
   we have to agree to disagree . 
  80 % of the people were against law . 
  i 'm sure if it were done differently , there would have been no hoopla around it at all and we would have working laws instead of abomination that we have right now . 
  and this is something i put blame on our liberal elite in riigikogu . 
  they did it stupidest way possible . 
  it was definitely not 80 % . 
  support was near 50 % around 2012 or so and then dropped to 35 % after massive controversial media fights . 
  remember that there were also foreign-funded religious groups doing anti-campaign . 
   it 's all irrelevant to topic of gay rights in estonia . 
  maybe , but not when we talk about conservatism being some ethnic trait . 
   not forcing . 
  trying to force and failing spectacularly because they do n't understand one little thing about estonians . 
  so what 's the thing that does n't suit particularly to estonians , but would suit to others ? 
  i can also agee that the law that we got is non-functional and duplicative . 
  but how much discussion and opposition was about that part and how much about acceptance of sexual minorities in general ? 
  i tend to think at least 3/4 of public opinion is affected by the latter . 
   yes it is . 
  even young ones are more conservative compared to western countries . 
  even with all that good english and great access to information . 
  that might be true about your own social circle . 
  not mine . 
   that 's why our liberals fail when they explain things to simple people . 
  they do n't understand that moralizing and prozelyting changes nothing . 
  i do n't know . 
  looking at how liberals have been doing compared to countries like poland or hungary , it 's not that bad . 
   thing is , that estonians are usually not bad people , they are just suspicious of change and they ca n't stand people who think that they should force others to think their way . 
  old people are suspicious of change . 
  that 's typical everywhere . 
  conservatives are suspicious of change . 
  not estonians , it 's not some kind of a national trait . 
  estonia has changed a lot in the past decades . 
  restoring independence , internet boom , dumping russian for english as * lingua franca * , entering into eu , adopting the euro . 
  support for administrative reform , rail baltic - i 'd say estonians are more for renewal than not . 
  and who are those people that are forcing others to think their way ? 
   its so ingrained in us that i think its survival trait . 
  is it , though ? 
  being a small nation where youth speak good english , that has a great access to worldwide information , and that 's had some good growth in wealth in recent decades , we 're currently clearly seeing a strong shift to more liberal values . 
  those conservative attitudes are heritage from soviet times . 
  we have plenty of soviet-era people that claim they were smart and uninfluenced by soviet propaganda and how youth are now `` brainwashed '' by west . 
  somehow that their values are very close to those in russia , latvia , belarus etc and not to finland , for example , does n't seem weird to them at all . 
  somehow , we 're close to moldova than finland for them and it completely makes sense . 
  sorry , but i have to disagree . 
  i 'm at least honest that my values are strongly influenced by western world . 
  what i hope is that older generations would admit they are strongly influenced by soviet union . 
  let 's be honest , that 's not the case here . 
  latvia also ranks in the bottom of eu when it comes to attitude to same sex people . 
  whether it 's sex between them , a child being one etc , it 's dominating with negative attitudes . 
  i understand where latvia comes from and why such attitude exist , but it 's still something i ca n't stand . 
  it 's your own people and such intolerance is just cancerous . 
  i mean , estonia 's not exactly a role model , but at least something has been done . 
  in latvia , nobody even dares to touch the subject , even after a minister is publicly out . 
  have a look at other ex-ussr states . 
  most people there grew up in a country where homosexual acts were criminally punishable , right next to pedophilia . 
  you can guess why those two are often compared in that region , too . 
  i 'm not surprised by estonia . 
  domestic polls have also shown that acceptability is only reached among young estonians . 
  but demographics are such that soviet generations dominate and will continue to do so for a long time . 
  and then we have russians who mostly adopt values of putin 's russia . 
  meanwhile , latvia wtf ? 
  your own foreign minister is gay !, 
  at least when it comes to eurobarometer , estonia has always been one of the biggest supporters of the single currency . 
   people were most worried about price increases and that was proven to be very well founded fear , in lithuania at least that 's not what statistics say . 
  [ consumer price level ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/lithuania/consumer-price-index-cpi ) has largely stayed the same since 2013 . 
  in fact , it initially even dropped a bit in 2015 when lithuania adopted the euro . 
  what is more , no price growth for years is not very good for the economy because companies and people do n't invest and consume as they 're not sure they 'll benefit from it . 
  a small price growth ( 2 % , in lithuania 's case , up to 4 % ) is necessary . 
  i 'm sure most ukrainians are friendly and peaceful . 
  because the country is large , poor and corrupt , they definitely have their share of criminals and extremists aswell , but i 'm not afraid they 'd massively come here with visa freedom . 
  why would n't it ? 
  in general , having more freedom to travel is beneficial . 
  russia is a country of over 140 million people , and there is plenty of money there . 
  i 'm sure many eu countries ca n't wait to have russian tourists swarm in .
