  especially since we have mostly requested aid from nato , where germany is one of the biggest underperformers . 
   with online voting , on the other hand , it can go completely unnoticed and everyone would still be convinced that it all went well and good how so ? 
  there are various opinion polls so big shifts in results would be noticed , especially if they are caused mainly by electronic votes . 
   because there is no way to tell that it was 100 % valid . 
  and with paper ballots there is ? 
  you ca n't go and see if your voting ballot is still there after you 've voted , but you can do that in e-voting , for example . 
  i understand that internet opens a lot of doors for manipulations , but that 's not only for elections . 
  as i said , we soon have to think about what 's * not * connected to the internet anymore , so i 'd rather start thinking about improving the security , unless you want to start disconnecting stuff all over the world because of security issues . 
  you 're also right that estonia is tiny and unimportant enough for many to care so most likely it wo n't face much pressure , but maybe all this could also make it a key player in internet security , not just online voting . 
  nato cyber defence centre 's already here , eu it-centre coming up . 
  hey , it 's not us having the problem with * status quo * right now . 
  it 's quite clear europe is legally in an idiotic and unsustainable position , but it 's not us suffering the most from this , therefore it wo n't be us losing the most from this if nothing is changed . 
  but we 're sure as hell not interested in experimenting with demographics in our society , we 've been through that and would never do it again . 
  considering we have more and more everyday stuff connected to the internet ( from consumer banking to control of mass-scale industrial complexes ) , maybe we 'd be more willing to invest in enhancing the security on the internet , not ditching it altogether because `` it can never be 100 % safe '' . 
  i like the other part of reddit - we ca n't do anything , it 's inhumane , external borders ca n't be protected , we just have to accept the situation , we have to share the burden etc. 
  nope , as from estonia , i have 0 interest in being responsible for other countries not being able to protect their borders . 
  there are no big migrant flows coming through here , so we 're safe . 
  we can also keep our part of schengen , so travelling to finland , sweden and baltics is easy and continues to be so . 
  only greece , italy , germany etc lose from this - they get the migrant burden + schengen is `` temporarily '' shut down for them . 
  but because according them , it 's a human right for all the people in the world to illegally come to europe and basically destroy the social systems , it 's fine by me . 
  seriously , why the hell is there even a border guard service in greece if they can do absolutely nothing ? 
  better just scrap the whole thing and you wo n't even have to save migrants , plus , you 'd save public money !, 
  a win-win situation . 
  how the hell is it normal to let millions of foreigners illegally inside schengen and you * must * do it because they went by boat , but you could resist them if they were on land . 
  what the fuck ? 
  cologne instead of k\u00f6ln is quite annoying to be honest . 
  probably because it 's also k\u00f6ln in estonian and it 's weird to think of a french name for a german city . 
  c'mon , we 're not * that * nationalistic . 
  it 's just estonians and russians are not the most similar neighbours you 'll find , from different languages ( alphabets ) , religion ( at least historically ) to today 's politics of russia vs eu , which are not just different but even opposing in many points . 
  it 's very difficult to find some common identity there . 
  we 'll just blame it all on finland . 
  and russia . 
  we have done everything perfectly , if only those two neighbours of us could get their shit together . 
  we do n't get the impression at all considering we 're not even allowed to relocate a soviet monument in our own capital . 
  it seems more like in moscow , ussr is still seen as a great liberator of europe which must be respected , even forcefully , if necessary . 
  you really think it 's that difficult to just hire someone to murder some old `` soviet hero '' grandpas in their soviet block apartments ? 
  hell , we could even stage that as some random intrusion by a drug addict , that 's not really rare in russia . 
   it is actually funny , since we are going to do a denomination and remove 4 zeroes from our banknotes in july , which was advertised as a sign of exchange rate stabilization . 
  damn , then i ca n't be a multi-millionaire in belarus anymore . 
  so it seems baltics have an open invitation to start murdering all the soviet people in russia that had participated in deportations , murders and occupation activity here . 
  sounds great actually !, 
   yea , they armed themselves and demanded autonomy . 
  they did n't march to kyiv with those arms , they were sitting in their home cities . 
  did ukrainian government even try to negotiate ? 
  no , they just sent their army , and once the army started deserting , armed ultranationalists . 
  oh , please . 
  let 's not lie to ourselves that they just wanted autonomy . 
  joining russia was their goal from the start , following the example of crimea . 
  those autonomy demands might have evolved at the point when some higher figures realized they wo n't end up in russia after all . 
  i 'd even go as far as saying moscow would even prefer it that way - to not have any poor regions to feed and yet have a leverage against ukraine to use when it pleases . 
   i do n't think what donbass separatists demanded was fair or even realistic . 
  but shelling living quarters just because there are active militants there is the same shit our country did in chechnya , and was universally condemned for - with the difference that the rest of ukraine was not touched by donbass terrorist attacks like russia was hit by chechen terrorist attacks and kidnappings . 
  neither did donbass separatists assault surrounding areas like chechens did . 
  but chechen wars were an imperialistic crusade , and donbass ato is something just and good ( they do n't even call it a war , despite fighting for over 1.5 years ) . 
  i 'm sure they 're not shelling living quarters on purpose . 
  it 'd be stupid in every way . 
  but if you really take arms up against the country you live , you ca n't really be surprised if you 'll be responded violently . 
   `` but they are not your people if they rebel '' is a very limited viewpoint . 
  if they are not your people , why do you care if they separate then ? 
  because this is my country we 're talking about and not all people there are like that . 
  and as i said already , russians have the world 's largest country already , if you like it there , just move !, 
  and yes , it is that simple , ukrainians do not have a mother country as a back up plan . 
   if they are your people , why do you shell them without negotiations ? 
  minsk agreements are constantly violated even now , and way , way more often from the ukrainian side - even now kyiv does n't show any desire to give even limited autonomy to those regions , preferring to kill more of them . 
  honestly , i do n't even understand what ukrainians are trying to achieve . 
  they 're trying to get some kind of a political solution in donbass ( which means they have to surrender in some points to the separatists , which will weaken ukraine 's integrity in some way at least ) but there 's a lot of pressures inside to not allow that , and yet they 're unwilling to give up on crimea , really thinking they 'll get it back . 
  let 's be honest , they wo n't . 
  honestly , it 'd be in their interests to reach some kind of an agreement with russia on crimea . 
  but donbass should be completely reconquered . 
  they ca n't allow any further destruction of their territorial integrity . 
   hell , even pro-european ukrainians who hate russia still see their current president and his internal policies as a failure - his ratings are lower than yanukovich 's were before maidan . 
  ukraine 's doing quite terribly with their economy right now and they also have some political circus going on . 
  i am not surprised at all by that . 
  but it 'd be in their interests to keep it stable . 
  not in january , though . 
  also , please convert to celsius already . 
  wow , climate change seems to have affected your area quite a lot if texas is having heat records in january . 
  48 degrees ? 
  are you in a desert ? 
   i like how you think that thoughtcrime ( ` be ready to kill ' ) is a proper justification for actual crime ( killing ) . 
  do n't you see any contradiction ? 
  for some reason , i do n't think you 're being fair here . 
  it 's like people in eastern ukraine were some peaceful people that did n't agree with changes in kyiv and they 're being killed for that . 
  what i see is a group of vatniks that armed themselves against kyiv for some russian chauvinist ideology ( because they saw ukaine distancing itself from moscow ) . 
   i think it 's seen bad , even if that 's not quite correct ( really , crimea is a very , very special issue , there are no others like that on this planet , not even donbass ) . 
  what 's the special issue then ? 
  that it was part of russia for a long time ? 
  crimea became part of russia even later than latvia . 
  daugavpils seems like historically russian for me by these measurements . 
   i also think that 's no excuse for shelling your own population with artillery or arming ultranational fanatics . 
  i kinda would n't include such people as my own that are armed and fight for other country already . 
   so you 're interested in having them contribute to your economy , but still be unable to vote for their future ? 
  they are still a minority , they ca n't decide major issues for you . 
  actually , considering that estonians ' votes are divided between like 5 parties and most russians almost always block-vote for one certain party ( and this seems to be a common trait for them in other post-soviet countres too ) , the results are actually heavily bent because of this . 
  i 'm sorry to say but democracy does n't really seem to work for them if 90 % vote for one party year after year . 
  it seems the only thing they base their choice is which one is the `` russian party '' . 
  that really sucks , to be honest , and is definitely a great source of mistrust . 
  many estonians see that as some 5th column / occupant behaviour . 
   do n't you see the issue here ? 
  imagine if , for instance , the majority of your country decides that they hate eu and want to have nothing with it , because , i dunno , eu strangles your proud country with their nonsensical laws and taxes , whatever .
