  it 's the politics and economics that is stopping russia there , not military . 
  they just have too little to gain and too much to risk with . 
  sanctions are only about the first , though , as they should be . 
  you ca n't go sanctioning everybody you just do n't like . 
  furthermore , sanctions are linked to defined situation that russia has the ability to affect . 
  * de facto * , we all know that russia is not even thinking about returning crimea , but they could do so and get rid of one set of sanctions . 
  the other set is about its involvement in eastern ukraine , so they could help to neutralize the `` dnr '' and `` lnr '' and get sanctions removed . 
  not to tallinn by any chance ? 
  it 's a bit sad our own creations do not stay here . 
  even freaking skype was created in tallinn . 
  the founders are estonians , but the hq is in london . 
  real lands are flat !, 
  our labour costs are so low that a company actually earns money when employing people . 
  that 's also why our unemployment is at an incredibly low rate of -5 % . 
   as fas as i know , estonia desovietized it 's politics , so they do not have nomenklatura owning everything . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i do n't think estonia did anything specific to desovietize politics . 
  basically all the political people were involved in communist party , there was no other way . 
  where would we take different politicians ? 
  i mean , the only potential source was estonian diaspora in the west , children of the refugees . 
  one notable example , later president , toomas-hendrik ilves , was one of them . 
  ( fun fact : austria 's current president is also child of estonian refugees ) a different story would be soviet migrants ( mostly russians ) as they were pretty much barred from politics due to not getting automatically citizenship ( had to learn estonian language ) . 
  something lithuania did not do . 
  the eu 's free movement comes with its own problems as well , of course . 
  the brain drain in the east has definitely increased because of that , and migration to wealthier western european countries increased . 
  that 's also why the wealth redistribution is very important , as we forget that the most valuable resource - human - are flowing from east to west . 
  many countries have been rather ignorant on this issue ( latvia and lithuania ! ), 
  and they should definitely work more to stop or even reverse the flows . 
  i have n't heard of luxembourg being fed up by immigration , though . 
  i do n't agree on uk either . 
  eu immigration made up some 50 % of immigration to the uk , they had plenty of room to cut extra-eu immigration . 
  furthermore , eu immigrants ' unemployment rates are very low , so they were getting cheap workforce that had been raised and educated for foreigners ' money ( and let me remind you that poland 's pisa results were even above uk 's ) . 
  this is not all shiny gold , of course , as it brings down pay levels for brits . 
  however , considering uk 's record-low unemployment levels , the need for workforce is definitely huge and eu immigrants do n't come with some huge ideology clashes on religion , culinary , clothing etc and there is no terrorism problem whatsoever . 
  nope , but this is one where it definitely is . 
  how else do you explain the massive difference of attitude towards sexual minorities in former ussr and rest of europe ? 
  furthermore , there are still common misconceptions from soviet times , such as that gays are pretty much same league as pedophiles , and this is explainable due to soviet criminal code criminalizing both right next to each other . 
  blaming soviet values here does not mean it 's all the fault of russians etc. 
  i am very critical about our people not able to look things from other perspective , claiming they are not affected by soviet union as well and their views are fully result of their master critical thinking . 
  it 's our own people i 'm criticising here . 
  oh , and might i specifically bring out our russian minority , whose stance is almost one-on-one to russia on this issue ? 
  yes , this is something i could actually directly blame contemporary russia on as well , whose media is enforcing these values . 
  even the civil union law was adopted extremely narrowly , with a nationalist party running on anti-gay ( and anti-eu ) stance ever since . 
  furthermore , they are trying to get the law annulled . 
  the popular opinion has always been against gays . 
  it 's the soviet mentality that carries on strongly , only among the estonian-speaking youth , there is acceptance on the issue . 
  we are very far away from nordics here . 
  and our low birth rates make sure we 'll move on only very slowly . 
  but i guess it 's * slightly * better than latvia or lithuania here , it 's something . 
  i advise you to use eurostat data , which is definitely more reliable . 
   this is also not changing the dependency on russia and germany already has highly diversified gas supply , but it is cutting dependency on eastern europe . 
  yeah , it 's this part i do n't believe at all . 
  it might be more or less diversified right now but looking how things are going , russia is going to dominate more and more in the future . 
  there are unhealthily close german-russian relations in this field , with some german politicians taking direct pro-putin political stances on several issues ( e.g. 
  schr\u00f6der on estonia 's bronze soldier ) . 
  i know germany and a lot of germans like to criticise usa all the time for intervening too much in europe , invading middle east and what not , but when you look at this , plus germans ' unwillingness to even protect their allies from invasion , is where germany is being a completely unreliable ally . 
  there ca n't be a european army with such country . 
  but that 's something everybody agreed to . 
  it 's one of the pillar values of eu and known to every party . 
  therefore , it 's not forced . 
  for our region , of course . 
  for rest of europe -- do n't forget that the population of all nordic and baltic countries combined is smaller than poland alone . 
  on topic of the tunnel , there has been some crazy talk about it recently . 
  hyperloop one [ included it ] ( http://estonianworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/hyperloop-europe-2.jpg ) into its top-10 projects . 
  angry birds ' creator company 's rovio 's peter vesterbacka is going even more loony and promises to find chinese investors and start constructing in the nearest years and complete it by 2024 . 
  i think too many people forget tallinn-helsinki tunnel would be the longest transport tunnel in the world . 
  maybe then suggest something like that ? 
  i mean , it 's not like people know automatically know about these things . 
  midsummer is almost as important as christmas for us , but i do n't know if they even have anything in southern europe for that . 
   dependence was there before . 
  and now it 's becoming bigger than ever before . 
   the east finds it solidarity mostly anyway when they want more of my tax money . 
  sure , sure , that 's why they also participate in the endless money burning scheme of greek bailout . 
  that 's why they invest in alternative energy resources ( unlike germany ) and upgrade eu borders . 
  the refugee crisis is * the * subject where `` the east '' has some big disagreements . 
  and let 's be honest , western european `` solution '' here is not a solution at all . 
  even the small share of redistributed refugees has been a failure with most migrants just going to germany anyway . 
  stop using that as some kind of an alleged proof to your delusions that eastern eu member states have always been very different and always will be . 
   and invading randome country is a long and time honoured tradition . 
  why not to long ago our brave american allies were murder-burning their way through the middle east , with support i believe from poland . 
  should we stop all business with those invaders , too ? 
  with all this * whataboutism * , you 're forgetting that invading some random middle-eastern shithole ( and yes , i 'm politically very incorrect right now ) is not at all comparable to invading european countries . 
  the problem in this case is that it makes funding of nord stream 2 even shadier than it is . 
  sorry , but forced demographic changes should never be even considered in eu . 
  it 's not a `` european value '' , it 's something that characterizes dictatorships , in fact . 
  no matter in what colours you paint it , no matter how good you think the goal is . 
  no country should be forced to accept people they do n't want . 
  baltic countries know probably better than any other european country . 
  but becoming dependent on a neighbour-invading anti-western regime is solidarity ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you people ? 
  yes , i 'm sure you 're right . 
  you 've seen all the calculations and stuff . 
  it 's all so clear and transparent as fucking gazprom is involved . 
  no politics or anything , only business , right ? 
  furthermore , a lot of the participants are going to be sanctioned by usa . 
  this is not only about money . 
  we here in baltics , which have no gas transit , are also against this . 
  it is estimated that after ns2 , share of russia in eu gas import might increase to over 50 % . 
  why are we increasing energy dependence on an aggressive autocratic anti-western regime so much ? 
  where is the so-called `` energy union '' we are supposed to create ?
