  too bad some talents were wasted because they somehow ended up in siberia instead . 
  because we have plenty of intolerant `` eastern europeans '' who do n't realize for our tiny country next to russia , a domination of the far-right and break-up of eu are one of the worst things to happen . 
  the only alternative for avoiding russian domination in such case we 'd have to become extremely close with nordics , which are even more liberal and tolerant than eu on average . 
  but extremists ' values already are largely in conformity with those of putin 's russia , so i do n't think they even care . 
  you 're welcome , austria !, 
  ^ ( his parents were estonian citizens , but escaped due to soviet occupation . ), 
  do you think they 'll just gladly pay for it themselves ? 
  they will raise prices . 
  i do n't think russia will attack us . 
  i 'm not preparing for war . 
  i support some investment in defence , because firstly , despite russia attacking baltics is extremely unlikely , it is still a possibility and needs to be taken into account , and secondly , it 's also symbolic for moscow that we wo n't bow to their demands and we wo n't back down when they threat and attack their neighbours . 
   i really doubt the russian minorities in the baltics want in russia . 
  they do n't , but do n't think they 're loyal either . 
  it 's more about life quality . 
  if there ever was a war , just as the article said , many of us believe they would side with moscow . 
  i mean , majority of them continue to consumer only russian media . 
  most of them continue to share values of putin 's russia , and not those of the west . 
  these are people that might physically live in eu , earn their salary in euros , but mentally are part of russia . 
  the russian world . 
  of course this does not apply to every russian in baltics , but it might easily be a majority of them . 
  so if russia wanted , i consider it completely possible that purely through the rapant propaganda , moscow could convince many of the local russian minority that their lives and culture is in danger and they need to take guns against local fascists . 
  just like in eastern ukraine . 
  so effectively , moscow has the power to turn our minorities against us , to even kill us . 
  it 's an extreme scenario , of course , but i do n't think it 's impossible . 
  but river meanders will slowly fade over time and then the river course will stay rather stable , wo n't it ? 
  is n't that what has happened ? 
  or is it likely the river will shift significantly its course in the future ? 
  anyway , i think it 's rather difficult and expensive to mark and guard those random pockets across the river . 
  unless they have some remarkable value , i 'd just let them go to serbia . 
  or ask for land swap if that seems fairer . 
  are those tiny land pockets really worth something so that croatia ca n't agree danube to be border with serbia ? 
  it would really seem the most sensible and easiest solution . 
  yeah , latvia might have had some indeed . 
  baltics might have easily been more computerized than the others , they had near 100 % literacy rate before the others and had probably the closest contacts with the west , for example . 
  i do n't recall any big computer industries here , though , computers were produced elsewhere in ussr . 
  we got computers in universities rather early and by end of ussr , some more successful public schools had them too . 
  so many companies and industries having them makes sense . 
  `` armenians are weak . 
  armenia is a fake country . 
  armenia is so bad , always kill people . 
  azerbaijan is best country , we respect all rights of minorities '' etc. 
  fun for us , sure , but not if that was my president . 
  aliyev himself is so childish in his twitter account that even i would be a better diplomat . 
  it 's shocking to see such people ruling countries and azerbaijan is not exactly an uneducated shithole either . 
  part of me would like to see that happen , just so we 'd see what turn would russian propaganda take . 
  after all , eu is merely a protectorate of usa and should immediately become `` friendly '' towards russia when usa changes its mind . 
  ukraine will also turn pro-russia instantly because as we all know , maidan was controlled by the cia . 
  the question remains , as usa benefited so much from single-handedly making the world turn against russia , why has it changed its mind ? 
  did the glorious people finally revolt against the evil corrupt elite and now the source of all evil in the world has been wiped out ? 
  will us puppet states of baltics become part of russia again ? 
  find out soon on rt. 
  wait , it will become a choice from many more foreign languages , right ? 
  they would n't give the language such importance . 
  greek might be fun and is , in a historical context , definitely interesting , but i would n't think it 'd be * that * necessary nowadays . 
  bulgaria and macedonia kinda reminds the relations of romania and moldova . 
  why do we get so much attention ? 
  it 's too much !, 
  why do you not worship [ portugal ] ( http://i1.nyt.com/images/2016/01/31/travel/31hours/31hours-jumbo.jpg ) or sth else instead ?!, 
  but seriously , have estonians conquered this subreddit or what ? 
  i do n't see what 's so spectacular about us . 
  most of our towns are just poor man 's germany + soviet apartment blocks + a few modern buildings . 
  interesting read , thank you . 
   the baltic countries have little history of immigration only if you ignore the more than a million migrants ( mainly russians ) that came during soviet era . 
  i 'd say it 's actually still the main source of anti-immigration sentiments in baltics . 
  most probably not . 
  ukraine might have it bad , but moldova is still a league of its own . 
  its gdp ( ppp ) per capita is nearly on the level of pakistan . 
  afaik , the whole idea about scrapping roaming costs entirely in eu is problematic because data is supposedly a lot more expensive in southern europe compared to the north . 
  why is that so ? 
  you 've lost that a long time ago already . 
  most people see that as some cancerous remnant of soviet era which has mutated into some retarded illogical combination , where communism , orthodox christianity , far-right and far-left values all suit - basically anything goes as long as it 's against western liberalism ... maybe if russia actually had a realistic alternative , without some extreme chauvinist sentiment , people would actually look into it . 
  as it is know , even if eu 's gdp dropped by half , i would still not take even a glance towards the east . 
  common values tend to unite . 
  you should see the soviet era children shows , which imo were all very creepy . 
  [ `` the teddy 's abc-book '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5xbshpr9io ), 
  what has that got to do with anything ? 
  we 're specifically not following finlandization or neutrality because that ended up in soviet occupation in the first place . 
   it 's pathetic that small countries are so openly anti-russia , thinking that they can insult their very large neighbour since they have team eu behind them . 
  so please , tell us , how do we `` insult '' them ? 
  what i see is that we 're not willing to just shut up on uncomfortable topics just because we 're small and they 're big . 
  we do n't have the tradition of finlandization . 
  if anything , that 's what an alliance should provide for us , to be able to at least speak our minds , without being subjugated for that . 
  and please , we 're not understanding of the reality of russia ? 
  baltics are by far the most russian-speaking region of eu . 
  if anything , we understand them the most . 
  how much were france or finland willing to believe in annexation of crimea ? 
  and i guess it 's responsible to let russia slowly invade their neighbours one by one ? 
  spanish people 's trust for putin was one of world 's lowest though , if i remember correctly . 
  proof that vladimir putin himself was behind the crash . 
  they would most likely have it by now if it was n't for putin 's adventures in ukraine . 
   i will not watch this shit , i wonder how you discovered it since young estonians do n't know russian at all there 's this thing called journalism which spreads information . 
  and my russian might be very basic , but i can understand when they talk about e.g. 
  `` economy is 30 % transit '' etc. 
  it 's the same shit that 's been going around for decades already . 
   anyway i do n't see any fights there . 
  there 's more to civilized discussion than just keeping your fists away from people 's faces . 
   if you want to pose as a civilized european over against dirty alcoholic stinky barbaric degenerate scum me , good luck no , i do n't . 
  i do n't have any complexes to start belittling others . 
  the question is whether these shows are in russia to make them feel better during time of crisis by attacking foreigners ? 
  because that 's pathethic .
