  and if russia did n't like it , they would have intervened anyway . 
  as russia would still have the natural resoure wealth , it would still be attractive for russians in ukraine . 
  the only question here is actually about russia 's intentions . 
  would they have let crimea be if ukraine 's path would be `` just towards eu '' and not nato ? 
  i mean , as far as i remember , the whole protests did start because of eu association , and not because of nato . 
   disregarding the base scenario that , if the eastern enlargement never happened , eastern europe would be a buffer zone . 
  that might be bad for eastern europeans , but there would surely be less tensions between western europe and russia . 
  fortunately , europeans have moved forward since then and we 've not had new molotov-ribbentrop pacts . 
  that 's how the system is . 
  japan is something that 's almost without growth and very stable . 
  i mean , many like that way , probably , but i 'd really prefer not to have their model . 
  economic growth is n't bad in essence , it 's just important we achieve it by advancing techonology , improved efficiency etc , so it would not mean more pollution , less forests etc. 
  and i do n't know about you , but i 'd really like the prospect of a wealthier , better future . 
   cost a shitload of money and brought shitload of money . 
  maybe you have heard or seen that western european companies clearly dominate in business sector in the 2004-07 enlargement countries and have taken a big bite of the countries ' growth . 
   worsened the relations with russia how the fuck ? 
  eu was seen positively by russia , only in 2008 with invasion of georgia it suffered a very temporary hit , and in 2014 the invasion of crimea killed it . 
   got the uk out on the question of eastern european immigration uk itself was a very strong proponent of the enlargement . 
  blame them for not considering the consequences . 
   played a negative role in the eu constitution referenda in the netherlands and france oh yes , those damn easterners are to be blamed for actions of netherlands and france . 
  what the fuck , really ?!, 
   took part in the invasion of iraq finally one thing you could really blame them for . 
  however , uk , denmark , netherlands , italy , spain etc. 
  not exactly something exclusive to the new members . 
   and now oviously destructing any sensible solution to the mess they helped to create i 'm sorry but are you saying germany 's approach is sensible ? 
  i think we 've had quite an experience ourselves with mass foreign immigration and might i say , we 'd never do it again . 
  i understand many of these people try to fight against lowering quality and safety standards , but i 'd also wish many would see the worrying trend in foreign trade we 're having . 
  namely , majority of european countries have had no growth there in the last 5 years , that includes the nordic & baltic countries , but also italy , france , benelux etc. 
  germany 's ( slow ) trade growth alone will not keep european economy going . 
  in fact , increasing disparities will only fuel more crises . 
  we would really need a kickstart to get all sectors and all countries growing . 
  that 's not what [ statistics ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/netherlands/wage-growth ) claim , though . 
  but the prices wo n't rise just because you adopt the euro . 
  where does such opinion come from ? 
  there may be some enterpreneurs that want to exploit the changeover and rise prices . 
  but still , they have competition and the effect would not be significant . 
  furthermore , rising prices are not only negative for the economy , especially now , when europe is stuck with 0 inflation . 
  croatia would probably benefit from euro , considering how tourism seems to have become the engine of growth lately . 
  i do n't know about others , but i certainly like travelling with as few hassles as possible . 
  that 's why i 'd pick greece over egypt , for example , as i have so many guarantees and freedoms , in addition to safety , that i enjoy in euro area and schengen . 
  but they 're not in the euro area . 
  they ca n't issue their own coins , nor do they have a voice there . 
   we advertise the price in euros , we negociate in euros , but we pay in lei at the current official exchange rate that 's interesting . 
  i mean , estonia 's own currency was pegged to dm and euro ever since it was re-adopted in 1992 , so in a way , we always used euro . 
  we 're also a tiny economy . 
  yet , i never saw any other currency than kroon being used for anything before 2010 . 
  the article is more than a year old , so is n't the sewage plant completed by now ? 
  any russians to confirm ? 
  not quite , you grek . 
  you should be happy we do n't say volmari for valmiera , or v\u00e4inalinn for daugavpils anymore . 
   tallin triggered . 
  there 's not much evidence of estonians protecting even themselves . 
  the country was occupied by soviet union in 1940 , with brutal repressions following . 
  executions , deportations , censorship etc. 
  every civil association was banned . 
  there was massive betrayal and collaboration , which continued with nazi occupation , when targets switched from `` anti-soviet people '' ( that is enterpreneurs , upper middle class and intelligentsia , including a lot of jews ) to mainly jews , and when soviet occupation returned again , with another deportation wave in 1949 . 
  most of this was together with world war ii , and i do n't think i have to remind you that eastern europe was damaged a lot in that . 
  and there is evidence of estonians protecting jews , just as there is of them collaborating with nazis and killing jews . 
  that 's no secret . 
  obviously not as much as in places what you mentioned , considering the very tiny population of jews . 
  i 'd like to know , however , where 's the proof for your original statement ? 
   literally 3 of them got this israeli award , the least out of any country occupied by germany during the holocaust except for luxembourg . 
  2 of them were a husband and wife who hid the same jew . 
  did you even look at the number of jews in respective countries ? 
  lithuania ranks quite high there , but i do n't think jews had a bright fate there , and collaboration was widespread . 
  wow such a great analysis , now i got it . 
  / s might it be that it was the nazi occupation regime responsible for that ? 
  of course there were local collaborators , and many of them , but i wo n't believe for a second that estonians were some bloodthirsty killers with some deep hatred against jews , while they acted nothing like that when they held power over their own country . 
  honestly , where do you take those statements ? 
  i 've heard russian chauvinists use this particular one for estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland and ukraine each , as conveniently for those that they have the worst relations with . 
  estonia had only a few thousand jews , and republic of estonia granted cultural autonomy for them , and as far as i know , was the first country in the world to do that . 
  why would they suddenly become extremely , even more hateful and violent against them than nazis ? 
  does n't make much sense , now does it ? 
  i 've not heard of anything like that happening on grand scale here . 
  in fact , if anything , there 's been criticisim of foreign companies exploiting the system and not paying taxes . 
  fortunately , things have improved in recent years . 
   because swedes have very different relationship with alcohol . 
  i do n't even need to google for 1 minute to find about [ swedes alco-shopping in denmark ] ( http://hejsweden.com/en/the-swedes-and-alcohol-about-drinking-in-sweden/ ) . 
  swedes might drink less , but there 's more of them and those who do , still hunt for cheaper products . 
   because you went to great lengths to deny it . 
  no , it was you who pointed out that great ship connections from estonia to nordics is due to soviets , i corrected because ship travelling is definitely one point soviets damaged estonia a lot more than benefited . 
   until people like you start to doubt their extremist ideological position `` nothing that comes out of eastern neighbour is ever good and everything that comes out of eastern neighbour is evil '' , no normalisation of relations between those states will ever be really achievable . 
  honestly , your hyperboles make it only worse . 
  you seem insane , really . 
  how the hell am i extremist in any way ? 
  i have negative opinion of soviet union , and i have negative opinion of putin 's russia . 
  i have not denied that , everybody 's free to check my comment history . 
  however , how you like to bend that position to insist i think nothing ever good comes out of russia , is just insane . 
  i do n't think so , i 've never thought so . 
  russia is a country of 140 + million people of which many are great talents and good people . 
  furthermore , economically it 's always beneficial to have more connections to your neighbours , rather than less . 
  i quite clearly respond unproportionally negatively about events in russia , as firstly , they 've been rather negative in recent years , and secondly , it takes two to tango . 
  i am not in doubt that there 's more hate coming to baltics from russia than from rest of the world combined . 
  now even though i do n't think we should respond with same , it clearly twists argumentation in internet , considering i reply to comments that i see need counter arguments , or adding some information . 
   and instability that comes from it concerns me , because we do have universal conscription , and if current coalition of baltics , poles and us hawks manages to get what they want , i 'm the one who 'll have to go into armed service . 
  oh , poor you really . 
  i think you also forgot most of europe that are members of nato . 
  those evil hawks that want a response for russia invading and annexing a neighbour . 
  and , gasp , actually dare to oppose any kind of ` russian sphere of influence ' as that would go straight against their own idea of independence . 
   but it 's gotten beyond that in last two decades in many aspects , as we have a lot of economic investment in estonia .
