  so democracy can work in russia and in ukraine , and i believe would work better . 
  why do you worship your putin oligarchic system ? 
  you are the most unequal society in europe . 
  you have much more money than before , but most of it circulates in pockets of selected oligarchs ? 
  go suffer for your motherland , those fat pigs tell you . 
  is n't that ridiculous ?!, 
   ukraine threw itself under the bus . 
  ukraine is an independent country and russia ca n't be responsible for their self-harming behavior . 
  i think grabbing a big part of their land , as well as arming separatists counts harming them big time . 
   the eu is naturally much stronger magnet than russia . 
  sure , but look at us , we 're much closer to russia than the wealth centre of europe -- germany . 
  st. petersburg is just 130 km from estonian border . 
  that 's 4 times the people our entire country has . 
  russia has always been the most important market for estonia . 
  yet today , trade with russia is rather small , it 's known for heavily politicised and unstable market . 
  meanwhile , our exports wo n't be cut off if we happen to not treat a monument the way brussels wants , nor will they be screaming for `` cut the fascists parasites '' . 
   and third , russia has fine relations with most of its neighbors . 
  most of its undemocratic neighbours , you mean . 
   wants to have independent foreign policy and promotes idea of multi-polar world the first one , everyone should be fine about that . 
  the second one , if that `` multi-polar world '' means you 'll select a sphere of influence for your own , then no way . 
   it 's sorta fundamental conflict , it ca n't be easily resolved with for example removal of putin . 
  unfortunately , that seems to be true . 
   one-sided western view on russia always annoys me you know , it 's absurd to look at russia as a victim here . 
  we have the world 's largest country yet again going for some land-grabbing and pretending they 're only `` defending '' themselves . 
  it 's like that never-ending story of how russia has always protected itself and became the world 's largest country that way . 
  not to mention you have swallowed finno-ugric nations who are doing horribly in russia . 
  meanwhile , we have alfred rosenberg . 
  he was born and studied in tallinn , although left estonia when estonians won the war and republic of estonia was established ( he had clearly hoped for german victory instead ) . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/european-union/gdp-per-capita-ppp ) you are . 
  it 's at highest levels ever right now . 
   actually have n't used my passport in 4 years , and i travel around europe quite a bit . 
  up until this year , i did n't even own a valid passport for years . 
  yes , it says `` constant [ prices ] '' there . 
  if it was `` current prices '' , it would not be adjusted for inflation . 
   my assumption is that it 's largely believed that the most pro- ` federalist ' countries are/were the original founders of the eec i thought that as well but finland and sweden ? 
  do n't have the impression that they 're among the most enthusiastic euro-integrationers . 
   even though i know countries such as in the baltics are generally strongly pro-european , there is a sense that they 'd be less willing to give up that kind of national sovereignty largely due to having only , fairly recently , regained independence . 
  if finland and sweden went on that path , baltics would surely follow . 
  there 's no way we 'd risk even slightly with being left with russia . 
  economically , baltics are surely interested in as close integration as possible . 
  i do n't think values are that much of an issue either ( though clearly , there are still differences ) . 
  however , there 's one issue absolutely unacceptable here . 
  that 's any kind of forced demographic change , no matter how tiny or for whatever fair reason , it 's just out of the question . 
  then again , i 'm sure it 's a problem for every european country , so unless they want far-rights to the government , that wo n't happen . 
   funny how i 'm getting down-voted for relying what the article is saying even though that 's not even my opinion . 
  i do n't know what 's up with that , i rarely even vote comments . 
   so why are you replying to me like it is ? 
  i 'm only asking from you , maybe you happen to know why baltics are placed like that . 
  i clearly do n't . 
  oh , and my last question was more of a rhetorical one . 
  i fail to see why baltics would n't go for the deepest possible integration , especially if finland and sweden did . 
  our policy so far has always been as fast and as deep as possible . 
  why do you think we joined euro area even with the greek crisis ? 
   non indo-european so we 're all going to look like finns ? 
  oh my god , we have to stop this !, 
  should have taken it also in summer . 
  the angle is n't the same either . 
  arrghh , it bothers me . 
  ireland is definitely a success story . 
  however , you have a few qualities other european countries just ca n't have . 
  firstly , almost all of your people speak english natively and it 's the administrative language . 
  that makes it very attractive for global ( especially american ) companies and not only , also for educated professionals and specialists . 
  secondly , your considerably lower taxes , which you can afford , as for example , you have relatively young population , so you do n't need to spend much on pensions . 
  please read it again and then process it . 
  i said that we 're not going to compare which one is ( might have been ) worse , not that `` nazis were n't that bad '' . 
  they were * that bad * , they were extremely bad . 
  they brought war here , killed jews and other people , destroyed many of our infrastructure , buildings etc. 
  it 's just in what regards were the soviets better from that ? 
  i know , but afaik , that 's because there 's a limit on how much of your gdp can you gain eu funds , in order to not make the economy too dependent , and that 's what 's blocking ro&bg , as well as the lower absorption rate . 
  what ? 
  just take a look at all kind of indicators , gdp per capita , hdi etc. 
  where do you get the impression we would be on western european level ? 
  it 's pretty tough ride from former soviet union , you know . 
  i 'm honestly surprised estonia receives less per capita than slovenia , considering they 're significantly wealthier . 
   i you think that living in a country where certain ethnicities are systematically exterminated is not that bad as long as it 's not your ethnicity , then i do n't really have much to discuss with you . 
  have i said anything like that ? 
  i 'm not saying `` nazis were n't that bad '' , i 'm saying soviets were n't much better either . 
  you like to twist words so much that you imply i would prefer nazis , which is absolutely not true . 
  what i really said was that i despise * both * . 
   i mean the facts are well known , and they were known since the first weeks of occupation . 
  you know , i 've read that nazis planned to colonize estonia with some 200 ' 000 germans . 
  soviet union did that with nearly 400 ' 000 russians . 
  so really , what should we be happy about here ? 
   you were all fine and dandy watching and helping nazis slaughter jews and gypsies in baltics so generalization is absolutely fine for you as long as you need to portray an entire nation as nazis , just like in russian media ? 
  this is such a disgusting behaviour . 
  you ignore that soviets invaded baltics first and carried out heavy repressions , and secondly , it was all during war under nazi occupation . 
  now i 'm the last person who 'd want to justify collaborators , but it would be at least fair to bring out the context . 
  i 've also never got an answer that if baltic people were so nazi and evil , why did n't they kill their jews in 1930s , when they actually controlled their own countries ? 
  estonia even gave them cultural autonomy . 
   just those pesky russians snuck back in and spoiled all the fun ... is this one of those times history starts from 1941 , when the blooming pribaltika region of soviet motherland was invaded by evil nazis and where soviets heroically liberated these lands then ? 
  and now , those brainwashed locals do n't even show any respect for that ... 
   oh , i am sure they are much better with another incredibly corrupt regime , this time nationalist ( because it 's great in a multi-national country ) and pro-western , now with -20 % gdp and few regions less . 
  :') however , yeah , supporting violent revolution and toppling of the legitimate government by bunch of nationalist thugs is not ok and has nothing to do with promotion of democracy or human rights . 
  these `` ordinary people '' had to just wait 1 year to the next elections and vote for whatever candidate they wanted . 
  democracy is not mob rule . 
  you do realize that western support did n't cause any of these events ? 
  arguably russian actions did . 
  it 's ridiculous you try to lay the blame on the west . 
  why do you think your neighbours turn to west ? 
  your own behaviour is a fine example .
