  oh yeah , fuck those eastern european countries , our german industries need cheap russian gas . 
  kinda fees the narrative of eu being a giant export market for germany . 
  well , we have stopped catching up rest of europe economically , plus natural growth remains in red . 
  so unless we see years of strong economic growth , i 'd say they are quite realistic about estonia . 
  russians do n't have free movement in eu that would fuel emigration and they have massive immigration from the southern ex-soviet republics due to better living standards , plus inherited ties ( political agreements + russian language ) . 
  a somewhat related [ poll ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/11/2017/05/08142412/pf.05.10.2017_ce.europe-06-03.png ) on similar subject in central and eastern europe , plus caucasia . 
   the most handsome passport specimen guy we should totally have such title . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://naljanabani.ee/sites/default/files/field/image/3322647t81h571e.jpg ) is the sample person of our id-card . 
  okay-okay . 
  it 's actually [ jaak-kristjan j\u00f5eorg ] ( http://f9.pmo.ee/ozwutfoopczksoum-bjeablfmzi=/fit-in/1980x1980/filters:no_upscale\\ ( \\ ) / nginx/o/2017 / 01/27/6285201t1h793d . jpg ) . 
  oh , i missed that one too . 
  oh well , reading is an important skill that needs developing from time to time . 
   i think that is the reason that slovakia will abandon euro in near future what ? 
  why would they do that ? 
  slovakia is one of the most supportive euro countries and their economy is doing very well . 
  not caring does n't make it non-existant . 
  your average latvian also does n't care about kaliningrad too much . 
  however , it does n't make the danger of russia cutting baltics away from poland with the help of kaliningrad in case of military conflict any smaller . 
  and nobody is arguing that it 's not a closed issue . 
  in fact , we 've been very adamant about borders in europe not being forcefully changed ( which russia , of course , ignores ) . 
  not to mention that we 're last countries that would dream of getting even more russian-speaking territories . 
  as you said , it 's also home to hundreds of thousands of ordinary people . 
  of course , hating them should not be tolerated . 
  however , it does n't change the fact that it acts as a military appendix to russia , an authoritarian anti-western country that likes to invade its neighbours once in a while . 
  nope , it was once discussed but nothing serious came out of it . 
  considering the dramatically falling costs of renewable enegry , i 'd say npp plans in estonia are dead . 
  we 're a tiny country with no experience with nuclear power anyway . 
  do n't want to sound cruel , but what purpose does kaliningrad really have ? 
  it is an alien artifical creation that 's basically just a military outpost for an aggressive anti-western country . 
  it 's unnaturally surrounded by eu and nato , which russia sees firstly as a threat . 
  it 's a potential tool to cut baltic countries off from central europe . 
  the city itself is a symbol of wwii destruction , horrible soviet architecture and ethnic cleansing , also a horrible reminder to us in baltics what we might have become if the war would have been worse and sovietization even more intense . 
  so , / u/thebiggreengun is not wrong . 
  your average yelena and dmitry might be good fellows that did n't have much say over fate of the region , but the oblast itself is just annoying obstacle and military threat to eu . 
  it 's difficult to say anything positive about that from our perspective . 
  for all i care , europe would be a better place if this would be part of poland or germany . 
  well , they did recently adopt [ banknotes and coins suspiciously similar to the euro ] ( http://banknoteinfo.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/byn-01072016.jpg ) . 
  some 45 % of russians in estonia are russian citizens or non-citizens . 
  if some of them would be trying to violently change estonia 's order , their residence permit could be revoked ( aka they would be expelled ) . 
  most likely these would be the most radical people as well , as those with estonian citizenship are more integrated . 
  and if those with estonian citizenship would break the law , they would be treated as every other criminal . 
  it 's completely absurd to think we would ever give in to violence . 
  maybe you 're affected by french history , but here , we ca n't stand anything like that . 
  in fact , there were russian-speaking pro-soviet forces violently trying to break into estonian parliament in 1990 , during the process of restoration of independence , and russian-speakers violently protested about relocation of a soviet monument in 2007 . 
  neither achieved them anything , we conceded absolutely nothing and it only downgraded russians ' image among estonians even further . 
  you do n't come to our country and start forcing your views and values onto us . 
   and if an uprising does occur then the uprising will be stopped and the people from that region will be given some degree of autonomy but still be part of their baltic country . 
  lol , more like they would be jailed or expelled . 
  if you are going to point a gun against my country , there 's no way you 'd be rewarded for that . 
  i think we wo n't have trouble identifying all 3 of our muslims ... 
  public transport is actually free for tallinners . 
   the pier ( ? ), 
  in estonia was really weird and desolate too . 
  it was interesting how just by walking along this concrete block i had seemed to leave the city . 
  you probably mean [ linnahall ] ( http://www.taevapiltnik.ee/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/linna.jpg ) . 
  it is actually a concert hall built in soviet times , but with very low quality , and has been abandoned for a while now . 
  it has been a topic of heavy debates for quite a while now , it will most likely be restored with public money in the nearest years ( so far , they searched for investors ) . 
  and tallinn seaside is generally strongly underdeveloped , especially when compared to helsinki and stockholm , due to soviet-era restrictions . 
   estonia was where i got my hair dyed ( european flag ) blue by a hostel mate and ** by god how does anyone afford to live there ? 
  ** dye that cost me # 5 at home was like $ 20 . 
  we wonder about it all the time ... 
  nah , it 's just what we collect from here and there . 
  we 're more interested as it 's something russia has leverage on us ( higher prices from us due to being politically unloyal ) . 
  and well , we 're generally very alarmed with any kind of special german-russian relations ( khmm , history ) . 
  europe and russia have this natural relationship as europe needs energy that russia has , and russia needs technology that europe has . 
  therefore , trade ca n't be fully stopped and both are dependent on each other . 
  however , europe has now the ability to act as a single bloc ( eu ) and play the big boss ( like russia likes to do with its neighbours ) . 
  it 's incredibly stupid to not use it for our benefit , and instead play * divide et impera * . 
  currently , germany justifies the need for nord stream 2 gas pipeline with the fact that ukraine has blocked gas flows in the past . 
  okay , they 're not in the union , so it could make sense . 
  however , if at the same time , germany is not pushing for energy union and continues to play some special deals with russia , it is benefiting at the expense of other eu members . 
  which , in turn , takes to another issue , and those are `` special relations '' of germany and austria to russia . 
  one representative of that is the infamous gerhard schr\u00f6der . 
  german industries like the cheap gas russia gives them ( and it 's additional bonus if poland gets more expensive , they are competitors after all ) . 
  in `` exchange '' ; schr\u00f6der takes a pro-russia political stance , including for example , condemning estonian government for merely relocating soviet monument or justifying russia 's invasions of neighbours . 
  austria has similar situation . 
  they released a russian suspected in the slaughter of unarmed lithuanians in 1990 , to which russia applauded . 
  i mean , how can these countries have such selected respect for any human decency ? 
  and all this plays fully to the hands of russian propaganda . 
  they like to portray poland and baltics as some unreasonable fascist russophobic states that should not be dealt with . 
  instead , germany should look for `` pragmatic '' relations with russia . 
  and all this hurts eu of course . 
  that 's why we want this to stop . 
  well , it gets a bit complicated , but we live in this , so ... 
  there 's quite a big difference in how we understand normal relations with russia . 
  it 's definitely not going to be about allowing russia to have some special sphere of interest in europe , to freely invade its neighbours , to be some kind of belarus-style puppet . 
  it can only be by mutual respect . 
  i have no interest in hurting russia , organizing a `` colour revolution '' etc , as long as they manage to respect independence of their neighbours . 
   i live in the netherlands , ca n't stand summer because it 's too hot moving even further north does n't help much because the netherlands is already rather north * and * it 's by the sea , so it does n't get * that * hot . 
  it can get just as hot in sweden , for example , unless you go to the very north . 
  if you ca n't stand weather extremes , you need to pick a location that has oceanic climate . 
  netherlands actually is considered to be one of such places , but you can always pick uk , ireland , or norwegian coast as well . 
  or move directly to the seaside , that should guarantee sparing from the worst of the heat and cold waves . 
   do you also wear 4 layers of gloves ? 
  nope , only one -- thinner if it 's not too cold , bolder if it 's freezing . 
  if you need even more , you can put maximally 2 layers -- the bold ones on top of the thin ones . 
  but usually hands start sweating a lot that way and you ca n't do much with them . 
  so should i be even more worried that german media is completely silent on this topic even as we here have shown constantly our concern and opposition to additional reliance on russia ? 
  nope , lithuania is already buying lng and we 're seeking to build our own lng terminal . 
  furthermore , we 're building gas links to finland and poland .
