  so really , i do n't think russia has much to help us with that . 
  if anything , it shows our system as better . 
   you still think estonian must be the only official language and estonia is a national state of estonians . 
  that 's the problem . 
  of couse estonian must be the only official language . 
  most european countries have only one official language . 
  russian has always been a foreign language here , even when estonia was part of russia , it was german that actually dominated here , not russian . 
  but do you see it having official status ? 
  no , because foreign invaders do n't get to impose their language here . 
  not russians , not germans , not poles . 
  this is estonia . 
  why the fuck do you impose double standards on us ? 
   they fight to have education and services in their native language , ask them what they want , they do not need estonian only schools . 
  they have education availabe in their native language . 
  from kindergarten to basic school , up to 9th grade , they have public-funded education 100 % available in russian language . 
  but by that time , we assume they must speak the official language as well and because universities are in estonian language , the high shool is 60 % in estonian . 
  i do n't think any estonian gets such privileged treatment in russia , by the way . 
   the aim of your actions is to let them be alone against estonians without our support . 
  lol , what ? 
  as i said , you do not support them in any way . 
  you only fuel propaganda and that 's the extent of your `` help '' . 
  secondly , this is a western country , member of eu , oecd and what not . 
  do you really think we 're going to attack ethnic minorities here ? 
  the two violent protests in last 30 years i remember were actually both by russian-speakers , first the ussr-loyal workers in 1990 against estonian independence and russian chauvinists in 2007 because of relocation of a soviet monument . 
   that 's another fucking lie to pose as a good balt against aggressive russia . 
  look how poor we are t __ t. 
  americans give soldiers pl0x :( :( :( i know it 's all the same pribaltika to you , but estonians are not balts . 
  we 're finno-ugric . 
  also , additional nato troops actually come from mainly canada , uk and germany this time , not usa . 
   supporting ruskies is bad and chauvinist . 
  you 're not supporting them . 
  your actions are just making them feel more alienated from baltics and therefore , make integration more difficult , with them ending up in a worse socio-economic position . 
  but i 'm sure your brain does n't take it that far , russkiy mir is priortity # 1 for motherland . 
   dreaming about making estonia 95 + % monoethnic country is good and absolutely not chauvinist . 
  did you read that on sputnik ? 
  all we ask from russians is to learn the official language and then they can get citizenship . 
  the same what actually russia requires . 
  nobody is forced to leave , change their ethnicity or whatever . 
   we have every right to support our countrymen living abroad . 
  your countrymen are russian citizens and maybe non-citizens here , support them then . 
  pay for their russian education or something . 
  you do n't do it , you do nothing useful for them . 
  all you do is fund propaganda and fuel tensions . 
  what concerns * our citizens * , which also includes many russians , you have no business with them . 
  so they are `` your people '' and yet you blame us for not giving them our citizenship if they do n't speak our language ? 
  wtf ? 
  go complain at the kremlin for not dealing with `` your people '' !, 
  it 's still shocking how you do n't see how freaking chauvinist and aggressive such attitude is . 
  you know what 's a migrant , do you ? 
  i do not know that countries have obligations of giving citizenship to migrants just because they live on their territory . 
  i also have n't heard you must deport them if you do n't do it . 
   your country made my fellow ruskies ` non-citizens ' and you want me to support it ? 
  no way . 
  actually it was your country that made them non-citizens . 
  they were never ours to begin with , they came from russia . 
  i think it 's a very unnecessary association . 
  you should n't associate a whole colour with a specific country/regime . 
  lol what ? 
  even in estonia , the `` look we 're back in ussr , red passports again ! '', 
  was just pointless blabbering . 
  nobody took that seriously . 
  wait , when is uk stopping payments ? 
  i would have assumed that we 'd complete the 2014-2020 budget more or less as planned as it ends just as uk leaves and then make a new one from 2021 without uk . 
  i think czechs would want to [ argue about that now ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.cd?locations=cz-si ) . 
  what the hell do you base your opinion that i do n't live here or have daily contact with estonians ? 
  where do i live then ? 
  or what nationality am i ? 
  how many people really do * not * speak english ? 
  people from europe especially ? 
  there certainly are some , but i imagine it 's actually a challenge not to learn some english nowadays in europe , even less so in the uk . 
  let 's just say that your views are strongly different from majority of estonians , or europeans , for that matter . 
  we consider eu a great achievement and something to keep , and nato an important security alliance . 
  russia is not trustworthy nor a friendly neighbour , even if we 'd like it to be . 
  and well , we 're yet to see what trump is going to bring , but his remarks to this day have left a very unprofessional impression . 
  treating eu as an enemy , calling nato obsolete , admiring putin etc. 
  not much to hold on here . 
   but yea , the lack of passport thing is a bit starnage in my view , if you want to give a country a reason to hate on you keeping citizenship from a large population of people you call your own is a bit unfair so not surprised rt have a bit to say about it do you mean requiring knowledge of the official language in order to get citizenship ? 
  yeah , such monsters we are . 
  certainly something that russia does n't require from its own citizens , or any other european country from its own citizens . 
  even better then , just take a look at what rt writes about us and then tell me how close it is to reality . 
  the truth would be in the middle only when both sides were equally biased and used the same tactics . 
  i advise you to first watch some rt stories about baltics and then actually come here . 
  you might realize they are not just biased there . 
  for many topics , it 's a fully dedicated propaganda machine creating stories out of nowhere . 
  or maybe i 'm wrong and i actually live in a nazi-glorifying apartheid regime where one can be jailed just for speaking russian language ( despite 1/4 of people being russians ) . 
  i also do n't have anything to eat because i 'm too poor and all my views are basically result of evil us brainwashing . 
  they 're basically just commenting on russian propaganda stories , bringing out the lie . 
  how the hell is that `` propaganda campaign against russia '' ? 
  is now overturning lies considered to be anti-russian ? 
  oh , i forgot , the `` alternative facts '' and stuff ... 
  is n't uk 's unemployment nearing historical lows right now , despite surge in immigration recently from eu ? 
  it would look like lack of workforce is becoming a much bigger problem than too much of it . 
  and to control immigration , you are actually rejecting the immigration groups that [ actually get employed ] ( http://inside-poland.com/t/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/wpworktable.jpg ) . 
  instead , you could have just , you know , limited more non-eu immigration , which is far more problematic . 
  but oh well , empire before continent , i guess . 
   threatening to pull out of nato ; ally with russia , pivot to pacific and contain china - or , even `` contain '' europe/turkey ? 
  why the fuck would usa throw away the world 's wealthiest region with similar western values ( europe ) for an oligarhic autocracy where usa is considered # 1 enemy ?!, 
  i mean , seriously , i ca n't imagine a more illogical step than trading europe for russia . 
   what it actually does is making people believe they are under attack . 
  this poll form october 2016 , among other things , asked people what they think are reasons for sanctions on russia .
