  wait , what ? 
  yes , terrorists should be wiped out , but that 's why i said that was hardly all that was done in chechnya ... 
  for some reason , i 'm not so sure that chechnya went from demanding independence to like 99.99 % of them voting for ` united russia ' by just wiping out a few terrorists . 
  unless you 're already part of russia . 
  then you 're a terrorist that needs to be wiped out . 
  wait , is n't that historically german ? 
  you know , like crimea is historically russian ? 
  in riga zoo ... 
  so russia easily finds money to arm kaliningrad to its teeth and threaten its neighbours , but they still dump their shit directly into the baltic sea . 
  sums up putin 's russia 's priorities imo . 
   russia on the other hand is a danger only in the minds of dillusional eastern european nationalists . 
  maybe if you had [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg8329uikcw ) going on in athens , you would realize there really is some sort of sick extremist nationalist-chauvinistic ideology dominating in russia , which is being actively promoted among russians both in the country and abroad . 
  it 's not what you read at rt , that everything is peaceful here , russia just minding its own business and suddenly those russohphobic poles and balts start screaming ( probably to draw away attention from their poor miserable gayrope countries ) . 
  russia is * actively * hostile against us , this is seen in politics , economy and media . 
   we remember about the bronze night so do we . 
  we decided to relocate a frikkin ' monument on our own lands and russia basically launced a propaganda war , cyber war and a partial economic blockade against estonia because of that . 
  if that 's not being extremely hostile and treating estonia as some sort of colony , i do n't know what is . 
  estonians ' opinion of russia dropped drastically after that . 
   nazi parades in tallin which ones ? 
  the ones you see in some russian propaganda channels ? 
  the only event you could associate with that is some over 100km away where estonians in nazi uniforms fought against soviet invaders . 
  nazi symbolics are banned there . 
  i do n't support it , but i see no reason to ban it , if we also allow soviet ones . 
  both were occupation regimes . 
   feel free to blame somebody else for your own fuckups . 
  we have troubles with just one of our neighbours . 
  i think i ca n't even count them . 
  it 's quite clear which one has serious problems with its attitude ...  according to a 2008 survey of 500 ethnic russians this was right after the bronze soldier events where russian launched a major propaganda war against estonia . 
  a lot of russians in estonia speak only russian and follow only russian news . 
  feel free to take the oppressed ones back to their homelands , we are not stopping you . 
  we 're not your fucking backyard , we 're independent nations towards which you happen to have an extremely hostile attitude . 
  i mean , you even fucking refuse to return estonia 's president 's most important jewel which was stolen during occupation : why is [ this ] ( http://g1.nh.ee/images/pix/file18261855_teenetemark1_375.jpg ) still in moscow ? 
  if your country was n't such a scumbag towards its neighbours , just maybe it would have friendly relations with more of its western neighbours than that russified dictatorship of belarus . 
   making integration a shameful thing integrast ? 
  no , we win !, 
  you 're last !, 
  but they 're about to remove 4 zeros very soon , right ? 
  i think that 's the third redenomination there already since the 90s . 
  edit : oh , the [ new design ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belarusian_ruble#third_ruble.2c_since_2016 ) is clearly inspired by the euro . 
  lol , lukashenko ... 
  of course it does n't . 
  but considering how wealth disparity is already a major source of problems in eu , i ca n't imagine wealth redistribution being withdrawn without the union collapsing ( and it 's not only about the eastern members , portugal and greece are not better off in that sense ) . 
  it 's * t\u0161ehhi * in estonian , which i imagine sounds similar to * czechy * . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  wealth redistribution ( which totals less than 1 % of eu 's gdp , despite you trying to over-dramatize it ) * is * part of the eu aswell . 
  how the hell is eu funding a charity ? 
  you need to comply with eu rules , which means liberal economy ( often must make your property and lands available for sale to foreigners -  and western europeans have the accumulated wealth to buy , easterners do not ) , following environmental restrictions ( which is a rather heavy blow especially for such countries which were under occupation of a regime which gave no shit about environment whatsoever ) etc. 
  and then when i bring out it 's unfair that baltic farmers , despite being poorest in eu already , also get lowest support ( meaning they 'll never be able to compete with rest of eu , never to accumulate enough wealth to contribute more etc ) , it 's somehow assuming some ` automatic right to tax money from other peoples ' ? 
  because we are in the european union , last i 've heard ? 
  and even more to give to other eu farmers ? 
  that would render it completely pointless because it would just increase competitors ' funding , making it even harder to offer competitive prices . 
  i also wish baltic farmers would n't get the lowest cap funding in entire eu , while already being one of the poorest of them . 
  fun , yes , but it 's quite pointless for objectivity , at least for baltics . 
  even our journalists have stopped portraying us as ` da best of former ussr ' . 
  post-ussr countries are shit , most are governed by dictators , their economies have still not recovered from collapse of the union ( except for those few with sweet natural resources ) . 
  they are corrupt , authoritarian and poor . 
  not to mention many have even very distant culture ( like those in central asia ) . 
  there 's nothing to compare to . 
   i think estonia can celebrate it as `` a regime that wanted to eliminate our nation was destroyed on this day '' . 
  we kinda already celebrate end of wwii , but that 's on 8th may . 
  9th may is very russia-oriented . 
   the occupation itself as an another thing . 
  but i can hardly see how a memorial to ww2 soldiers can be linked to the occupation . 
  i think the occupation and ww2 need to be separated , for it will help de-escalate the conflict of opinion in the ethnic groups . 
  of course , but the soldier monument leans towards occupation . 
  namely , the men that died during conquering ( let 's use the neutral term ) tallinn in 1944 were buried there . 
  soviets called it liberation ( naturally ) , but calling it that nowadays is extremely provocative as not only do estonians think soviet union as a foreign regime , estonia 's blue-black-white was flying when soviets captured the city ( some tried to restore republic of estonia as nazis withdrew ) , and soviets took that down ( and well , banned it for like 50 years ) . 
  it 's difficult to untie soviet union and occupation for estonians . 
  i guess celebrating allies ' victory over nazis would be the appropriate way . 
  especially considering how that also laid foundations to eu and current european values . 
  another thing would be to see the heavy losses of soviet union and commemorate that ( and definitely not tied specifically to military operations in estonia , but in general ) . 
  if we had better relations with russia , i would support estonia 's representation in 9th may events in moscow , or even in embassy of russia in tallinn . 
  i agree that the victory over nazism was important and difficult , and should be celebrated . 
  from an international position , that is . 
  but for estonia itself to celebrate it ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the victory seems distant and foreign as let 's be honest , estonians did n't exactly contribute to soviet victory , most even fought against . 
  soviet union also occupied estonia ( so that makes it basically the enemy of republic of estonia ) . 
  that 's why the celebration seems way more appropriate in russia than in estonia . 
  that 's arguable . 
  i 'd say if they did n't follow russian media , they would n't have gone there . 
   the people were n't sent there by moscow actually , they were . 
  how do you think estonia and latvia have so many russians now ? 
  it was n't so before soviet occupation . 
  that 's the thing here . 
  it 's not about whether this statue , considering all the sacrifices , should be left untouched . 
  it 's not even about finding out the real objective goal of the statue ( was it really to glorify occupation or to commemorate the fallen ) . 
  this is about who actually has the right to decide about those things . 
  certainly not moscow , i tell you . 
  just to add the estonian perspective , the statue did n't just peacefully stand there , it was used as a gathering location for russian chuavinistis flying soviet and russian flags , wearing putin shirts etc. 
  how much do you think estonians liked to see that in the centre of their capital ? 
  edit : also , it 's just idiotic to say soviets sacrificed themselves to `` save us '' . 
  no , they did n't . 
  estonia and latvia have had one of the worst demographics since soviets occupied them , with ethnic populations never recovering to pre-wwii era . 
  nearly 100 ' 000 people escaped from soviet occupation to west from estonia alone . 
  over 100 ' 000 people from baltics were deported to siberia . 
  baltics were colonized with over 1 ' 000 ' 000 russians afterwards . 
  soviet union did to baltics what nazis planned themselves to a large extent , just instead of germans there were russians . 
  just because nazis woud have probably been worse does n't make them liberators . 
   well they are inhabitants of the country , not some russia sent agents .
