  that party is just a nice propaganda manufacturing tool for putin 's media , i say . 
  now , russian state media does n't have to artificially create some discrimination stories , they get these from ekre . 
  yes-yes , it was yeltsin that single-handedly made russians poor , absolutely nothing to do with the end of nearly 70 years of failed ideology . 
  just like it is putin that made them rich , it had nothing to do with oil prices rising nearly 10 times , general rise of world economy or anything else . 
  you know , this childishly simplistic view is really starting to annoy me . 
  also , he 's wrong . 
  we have shown gratitude towards [ russians that deserve it ] ( http://f.pmo.ee/f/2014/06/01/3080396t100hef56.jpg ) . 
  seriously , there were huge russian protest against soviet violence in baltics with yeltsin support . 
  with putin , it 's like the whole nation just rotted to hate , envy and aggression . 
  and then they are surprised how , one by one , they 've ruined their relations with almost all western countries . 
   with its own culture , history , language hey , were n't they supposed to be a region of russia , and only happen to become a country as a side-product of collapse of ussr , just like ukraine ? 
  hmm ... it seems / r/russia has made a rare mistake . 
   but the only thing europeans care about when it comes to it is , ` will you rise up against russia ?!, 
  when ?!, 
  when ?! ', 
  maybe if russia would n't be turning against each of its western neighbours one by one , they would n't be asking that . 
  well , considering they 're basically the only european neighbour russia has somewhat decent relations with , they do have some room for maneuver . 
  an even more fun fact : the design of those are strongly inspired by the euro . 
  lukashenko planning to apply for the eurozone ? 
  actually , it says estonia 's purchasing power is 15 % * smaller * than india 's . 
  however , just take a look at the salaries , it 's way off for india . 
  it would be helpful . 
  just because one journalist has thought of a catchy headline does n't mean it 's suddenly estonia 's identity . 
   which does not change anything about the prices . 
  you do need to pay for companies to transport gas , ay ? 
  well , nobody stops them from asking higher prices . 
   well , souvereignty in the meaning that your own people are responsible for your gas negotiations and not people in brussels that have less democratic accountability . 
  do n't forget that we do have a voice in eu , a tiny one , but still . 
  and eu would be something putin 's russia would be forced to negotiate with , unlike tiny baltics . 
   i think you are a bit unfair . 
  yes , many of our businesses would like to see the sancitons gone . 
  but please consider that germany is not the country that is actively pushing for ending the sanctions - the countries doing that are greece , italy and others . 
  it is not only the baltics and eastern europe that want to hold up the sanctions for now . 
  well , yes , but you need to realize that with ignoring central and eastern europe , labelling their opinions as some kind of post-traumatic stress , nationalism etc , revives a lot of the historical fears of being left between russia and germany . 
  and definitely increases mistrust . 
  also , i do n't think it 's a coincidence usa is trusted a lot more here than germany when it comes to defence . 
   you are not your government . 
  the only opinions i heard from officials were negative . 
  and nord stream is something that runs next to our border , it 's more relevant . 
   apart from that - ss was effectively cancelled before your ( current ) account was even created . 
  it dragged on quite a long time before it finally became clear that it 's cancelled . 
  i remember all sides confirming it 's not and then saying the opposite etc , it was quite a mess . 
   this is honestly completely unrelated to ns2 . 
  how ? 
  the gas goes directly to germany , which controls its flow to other european countries . 
   i am very certain that the current eastern european governments ( amongst others ) would not be very keen on trading away souverignty on energy matters currently . 
  how much sovereignity you think we have now ? 
  it 's basically just get some agreement with russia ( which will always be one of the most expensive ones in eu , you know , to punish the evil pro-western ex-ussr fascists ) . 
  to germany , france etc , russia offers a better price . 
  on one side , they 're just larger markets that have more power to negotiate . 
  but on the other side , it would be putin 's dream that eu would dump the central and eastern europe that stand against his regime and trade freely with western europeans who give no fuck about russia militarily , democractically etc and are only after cheap resources . 
  eu energy market would increase our sovereignity , if anything . 
  what ? 
  of course it did . 
  i even remember myself arguing against increasing our reliance on russian energy on this very subreddit . 
   but we wo n't compromise on our energy security . 
  yeah , sure , that 's exactly why eu energy union is basically dead . 
  germany ca n't allow that rest of eu would actually pay the same price for gas as germans . 
  it 's known that russia will never offer the same price for us purely due to political reasons , but hey , fat german businessmen do n't really give a fuck about that . 
  or if they do , they 'll be glad over less competition . 
   if they are afraid of us , why they try to undermine us at every step they can . 
  would n't be logical to be like finland , nice and quiet neighbour minding their own business . 
  yes , because we totally did n't , for example , create an international corridor by receding our sea border in the baltic sea for st. petersburg to have access to international sea . 
  we also did n't give up 5 % of our territories that we had before soviet occupation so we would have finally a normal border treaty . 
  but clearly that 's not enough , we 're still evil fascists for you because we have not become some retarded russified dictatorship ussr museum like belarus . 
  sincerely , estonia . 
  yes , it was . 
  but for many russians , history starts in 1941 when poor soviet union was invaded by evil nazis , so they conveniently forgot how they invaded numerous neighbours themselves and like to portrait how they liberated europe ( which we say was just replacing one occupation with another ) . 
  you ca n't expect russia to now really accept border changes for ` historical reasons ' . 
  it 's just all the cases russia benefits from are `` special '' . 
  you know , every russian annexation is justified . 
  kuril islands are a war trophy from an aggressor , so is kaliningrad . 
  crimea is historically russian , was given to ukraine ` by mistake ' . 
  karelia was taken from finland because ... uhmmm ... because finns did n't allow themselves to be occupied and then allied with dem evil nazis . 
  clearly a worthy punishment for such fascists . 
  and so on . 
  estonian companies have the constant pressure to keep rising wages because finland next door is ready to offer multiple times higher incomes for an estonian employee they want . 
  and as tens of thousands already work across the gulf , they want to keep the ones that have stayed . 
  despite that , estonia is also having increasing amount of labour unions . 
  nothing comparable to western europe , though . 
  indeed , even chechen terrorists seem to be integrated now - they target enemies of putin . 
  oh , please . 
  are you really trying to potrait russia 's actions in chechnya as some kind of holy liberation ? 
  maybe you could , you know , not expand your empire so large that you include foreign cultures that you ca n't coexist with ? 
   ours is 5.8 % btw yes , with a minimum wage of 84 $ a month . 
  i 'm pretty sure you could achieve the same number with such low-paying jobs anywhere in eu . 
   belarus is 1 % . 
  yeah , statistics like that ca n't be even compared as it 's half planned economy that actually fines you for being unemployed . 
  damn social parasites not helping to build communism . 
   also latvia doing worse than ukraine . 
  lmao . 
  jobs in latvia do n't pay 160 $ average , but multiple times more . 
  their average salary is currently about 160 $ a month . 
  so labour costs ( at least in usd/eur ) have gone down a lot anyway , less need to fire them . 
  firstly , not all chechen separatists are some terrorists . 
  meanwhile , the afghanistan mission was against taliban , an organization of islamic fanatics and terrorists . 
  secondly , you wo n't see afghans supporting usa or nato 99.99 % . 
   why are you shying away from the question ? 
  do n't you agree that terrorists should be wiped out ? 
  are you not aware of the terrorist acts that were committed ?
