  i 'm quite sure no other country agreed to split cee between themselves . 
  i 'm aware that some other countries agreed to take a few disputed territories , but it 's nothing comparable to occupying whole countries and nations . 
   you know , like ussr retaking the territories they lost after wwi ... well that 's explainable from an extremely chauvinistic point of view , for sure . 
  those were the times when we had league of nations , something akin to un , and every nation was promised its right to sovereignity . 
  these were nations unwilling to be part of russia , nations that had different religion , different language ( even alphabet ) etc. 
  not to mention that soviet russia had lost those territories in battle and signed peace treaties with them . 
  it 's more comparable to uk conquering ireland as it 's a `` lost territory '' . 
   blaming russia ( which had no allies at the time when it was clear that a new war in europe is coming ) for signing a non-aggression pact after being rejected by allies is somehow silly ... 
  it was n't just a non-aggression pact , it was also a `` let 's divide and conquer europe together '' pact . 
  yes , i did . 
  i 'm not criticising the op in any way , but merely adding to his explanation . 
  here 's the problem that will always prevent having normal relations between russia and its western neighbours . 
  the big nation mentality , not treating smaller nations as equals , state-sponsored chauvinism , and the worst one - complete inability to critically analyze its own behaviour during soviet era ( and let 's be honest , it continues even today ) , `` the others '' are always guilty of everything . 
   personally i would hate to see the my baltic brethren not join us . 
  that 's nice to hear , but we 're not really in the core of eu right now , despite doing everything we can - eu , eurozone , nato , oecd , now preparing rail baltic to connect tallinn to warsaw via high speed rail ( currently , there 's no train connection between lv-lt , and pl-lt was opened only a few days ago ) , switching from russian energy grid to central european etc. . . then again , estonia at least has still ended up with having closer ties to nordics ( 40 % of export market , largest investors , largest source of tourism , now getting closer ties in military etc ) , which is why sweden and finland also play a bigger role here . 
  that 's why we 'd need them to be included . 
  and i do n't really think eu would actually ditch nordics , they 're one of the most succesful societies in the world . 
   they have done nothing but handle in the best interests of the union in my opinion . 
  anything to get as far away from moscow 's grip as possible . 
  you might think it 's a bit overblown , but one should just look at eastern ukraine to see what moscow is capable of doing by exploiting their russian-speaking minority , which we happen to have aswell . 
   you never have any problem with the baltic states . 
  except when it comes to becoming dependant on russia , that is , which we are fiercely opposed to . 
  ( looking at you , germany . ), 
  having normal relations to them is , of course , in all of our interests , but one ca n't be so stupid to actually rely so much on that country on something essential such as energy . 
  nah , for me it 's just another proof how regimes/dictators with similar values find each other and why europe should always keep its distance from them . 
  i oppose getting dependant on putin 's russia , just as i opposed relying europe 's migration control on erdogan 's turkey . 
  so why are n't they included in the core of `` 2 speed europe '' ? 
  damn , those evil finland and sweden eating all the euromonies ... 
  i 'm not saying eu is a bad thing here . 
  and for estonia in particular , it 's very important and i definitely support it strongly . 
  what i 'm worried about is how eu is being drowned in never-ending crises and we 'd really need something useful now . 
  so what does it do then in your mind ? 
  i see there are various problems with quality standards , sovereignity of countries , too much power for corporations etc , but how would a trade deal that removes a lot of barriers actually not benefit trade ? 
  so we have a eu with yet another big crisis ( greece , russia , migrants , brexit ) , and now without the prospect of actually benefiting trade , for example . 
  i do n't see what 's positive here , the eu seems to be getting only worse . 
  sweden , did you try to annex ~ ~ \u00d6sel ~ ~ saaremaa and ~ ~ dag\u00f6 ~ ~ hiiumaa when we were n't looking ? 
  the difference is that crimea was already part of ukraine ( and naturally , it has a land connection to ukraine but not to russia ) . 
  ripping it off damaged both ukraine and crimea . 
  moldova is a country by itself , and i see no neighbours laying claim on them . 
  integrating them to romania would n't harm others ( unless somebody is against romania getting bigger ) . 
  am i wrong to think the country should be dissolved , like annexed by romania ( transnistria by ukraine ) , because it 's rotten to the core , thoroughly corrupted and extremely poor , nothing really works there , and the quickest way to fix things would be just dismantling the entire power structure ? 
  i mean , the country itself does n't have a particularly strong self-identity either , being rather known as a russified province of romania . 
  the language is not a problem as romanian is the official language . 
  i really think that would bring the people there a brighter future than continuing the current situation . 
  economy-wise , romania is a lot richer , it would be also secured in nato , and all the state structures would come from romania , making the most radical clean-up possible . 
  not that this could or should be done forcefully , the people there should vote for that or something . 
  and there 's also transnistria with russian base , which is a huge problem . 
  i 'm more jealous of the fact that they 've got a [ modern train station ] ( http://www.hdgmagazine.co.uk/uploads/main/hdg_magazine/2_2014/vienna-home-gallery.gif ) , unlike the hobo centre of tallinn . 
   all of its activities or specifically the transfer of crimea ? 
  i think it was all those transfer activities , something like the body did n't have the rights to transfer territories from ussr republics to another . 
   though obviously if hypothetically speaking it came out that the transfer of ivangorod and pechory had also been made without following the soviet constitution nobody would be rushing to hand them over to estonia ( lol ) . 
  of course not , i hardly believe we would even want them at this point . 
  but it 's just another example how the law is bent the way russia likes , so one should never rely purely on international law or treaties with russia , without being able to guarantee what they 're agreeing on . 
  if we 're talking about irony here , if i remember correctly now , the institution , which transfered crimea from russia to ukraine during soviet era , was the same which transfered border regions of jaanilinn/ivangorod and petseri/pechory from estonia to russia . 
  putin 's russia had its activities declared illegal ( because , y' know `` crimea always russian and we are totally following all laws '' ) , so by doing that , they kinda declared the regions annexed from estonia also illegal . 
  should we start printing new maps ? 
   against socialism and slavs you mean losing their freedom and becoming part of a totalitarian dictatorship with a planned economy based on communist ideology aka ussr , right ? 
  socialism itself was n't so unpopular at all at those times , and social democratic ideas were common . 
  not that those would imply positive attitude to ussr , where millions had starved to death in 1930s . 
  also , baltics had broken off from russia some mere 20 years earlier . 
  and it has nothing to do with slavs . 
  russian rule , maybe , but slavic country of poland was an ally of estonia and latvia , for example . 
   then why you did n't fight like the finns did ? 
  because they could n't get along ( lithuanian and polish quarelling over vilnius ) , the politicians were cowards ( base contracts with ussr ) , or to look from other perspective , hoped to avoid destruction and casualties . 
  and in the end , baltic people fought in wwii and onwards ( guerilla-style , `` forest brothers '' ) . 
  estonia has already allowed to collect statistical data with mobile tracking . 
  a research on work travel patterns was conducted with that . 
  i do n't think legal issues with that are a problem here . 
  it 's possible to get a close confirmation with all of today 's databases and techology . 
  that 's why estonia , for example , abolished conventional door-to-door census and the next one is being done only with databases , possibly mobile positioning etc. 
   and that 's only counting those who bothered to declare that they have moved to another country . 
  no , it 's not . 
  latvia had a census in 2011 , so it recounted ( almost ) all the people that lived in the country . 
   i 'm glad we voted no to ukraine joining the european union . 
  whatever our fraud politicians said about this supposed `` association agreement '' , it was a step towards full membership . 
  even if it was , the full membership prospect is so distant that nobody could even set a time frameship for that . 
  i mean , the only message from eu has been that `` ukraine would not be part of the european union for the next 20 or 25 years '' . 
  ukraine still needs to fulfill all the requirements to become a member , and if it does that , why would you be against them joining ? 
  it has a massive agricultural , industrial and infotechnological potential . 
  i 'm not talking about fairness here , i 'm just saying how i see it . 
  when eu starts controlling who comes into your country , the eurosceptics have found proof to their ` brussels dictatorship ' stories . 
  and because migration is now by far # 1 problem in eu , one can easily exploit that problem alone to win elections . 
   the human genome project was completed in 2003 , and after 13 years of painstakingly mapping out humanity 's genetic pool ( and after much insistence/patronage from the lgbt camp ) a `` gay '' gene was never found or identified - even though dedicated teams were specifically looking for said gene , and despite a disproportionate amount of lgbt genetic donors for said effort . 
  unfortunately , i do n't have time to look into it more specifically , but even if it was true , it 'd only show that genes do n't really matter ( as much ) on one 's sexual orientation . 
  nothing else . 
  then probably some other circumstances during pregnancy or early life matter there . 
  as much as i 've heard about these things , one 's sexual orientation has been difficult to pre-determine , so it 's a rather random thing . 
  but that does n't mean sexual orientation would n't be there . 
  that 's a known fact . 
   who they are as people but rather on what they do , specifically in the bedroom you do realize that gay people are physically attracted to same-sex people , right ? 
  i would n't want to go into details , but for example , a gay man would n't find women attractive , he would n't feel the urge to have sex with them , as opposed to men . 
  that quality is not a choice for them , nor can they change it . 
  just try to change your sexual orientation and you 'll see how it works ( or more like , does n't ) . 
   i do n't however , engage in sex with folks of my own gender . 
  that 's because you do n't have the sexual urge to do so . 
  but gay people do . 
  just try to find yourself a partner you are not sexually attracted to . 
  such relationships mostly fail badly ( violent relations , broken families etc ) . 
  why would you want that for gays and for the society as a whole ? 
  i really advise you to meet some lgbt people .
