  we are open to russians , but closed to soviets . 
   have relations improved ? 
  maybe a bit , but these events brought out sharp differences between two nationalities . 
  russia and putin is not exactly helping with that . 
  yay , would n't you want some of that [ fun ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg8329uikcw ) in helsinki ? 
  i do n't see anything surprising here . 
  crimea was an expensive annexation for russia and of course , the kremlin tries to maximize the benefits . 
  firstly , they need to convince the population that it 's a paradise that has always been part of russia and that was unfairly given to ukraine . 
  basically , getting it was totally justified * and * a very good deal . 
  secondly , they want to use the situation of weak ruble and keep russians home this year ( in addition to vacations abroad being more expensive , there 's now a new !, 
  tourist location in russia that you have to check out ) . 
  thirdly , russia has now been forcing patriotism on the public sector for a while , banning many western products , travels etc for them . 
  travels to crimea are also included here . 
  basically , stay in mother russia , do n't support the evil west . 
  thank ~ ~ god ~ ~ fate for the baby boom of late 1980s and collapse of soviet union , otherwise we 'd be belarus vol 2 right now . 
  * meelespea * , literally translated as * keep-in-your-mind * or just * remember * . 
  but when you support them financially without any population control , you make the growth even more unsustainable , increasing the risk of an all-out mass starvation in the future . 
  africa is not known for its fertile soil , almost half of it is deserts and that area is only increasing with time . 
  where the hell are your vocals ? 
  i wonder if this is connected to lukoil 's exit from central and eastern european markets . 
  afaik , they 've sold their gas stations in czech republic , slovakia , hungary and estonia so far . 
  i think eu-russia relations were very good even in 2012 . 
  big projects like nord stream , eu-russia visa freedom was discussed etc. 
  of course , none of that ever reached fascist pribaltiki , i do n't remember an era of decent relations , maybe just a bit less friction . 
  you know , with such rhetorics , we 'll soon find out that restoration of independence of baltics was us meddling , and therefore , russia has at least some justification in attacking us . 
  are n't there any proposals in finland to follow norway in making military service compulsory for both sexes ? 
  almost never happens here , only with the small local ones , but the retail trade is dominated by chain stores anyway . 
  that * is * a great invention . 
  since i first saw that in finland , i have always wondered why is this not so common here . 
  to be honest , you are bigger than most of your neighbours . 
  also , [ greek manufacturing pmi ] ( http://www.markiteconomics.com/survey/pressrelease.mvc/e5927c2028864336a1e2fcbf75400152 ) collapsed in july to a record low . 
  it seems that the ` little adventure ' with syriza and the referendum has cost dearly to greece 's economy . 
  ah , skopje , the kitsch capital of europe . 
  that 's mostly caused by the overall trend in the region - russian , the once dominating language , is being replaced by english on international level . 
  hey bros , when are we going to restore our forefathers ' glory - mongol empire ? 
  well , industries benefit from lower purchasing prices and do n't carry it over to the final consumer - profit rises . 
  agricultural sector is the one getting paid less . 
  just following russia here . 
  exactly , i 'm sure estonians and latvians are still affected by soviet-era mass immigration of russians in this case . 
  and i think germany and austria take eu too much as their big money-making export market and nothing else . 
  sanctions might hurt the poor austrian gas businessmen or a german industry by potentially having to pay a few more $ for gas ( which is way cheaper in germany than in poland , for example , `` solidarity '' in eu ) . 
  who cares about security or international rules anyway , right ? 
  it 's not like germany was n't surrounded by friendly eu & nato countries , we 're * all * safe . 
  it 's not that . 
  it just does n't make sense for moldova to be with russia . 
  despite romania not being a very well off country , it is way richer than moldova . 
  also , it has been succesful in reforming its economy and tackling the corruption . 
  moldova , meanwhile stays the poorest country in europe where recently 1/8 of gdp was just stolen through banks . 
  i think i 'm not too harsh by saying moldova has a better chance in joining the eu by getting annexed by romania than doing it independently . 
  also , their flag is almost the same and they do speak the same language . 
  there are no big cultural issues . 
  russia , however , is firstly far away , separated by ukraine , which has just horrible relations with russia . 
  moldova has no access to russia at all and while ukraine is moving close to the eu , it 's not too logical for moldova to not follow ukraine . 
  russia is n't exactly friendly with moldova too , still refusing to draw back their forces from transnistria . 
  the latter is probably the biggest obstacle in both eu-perspective and joining romania . 
  in the long term , i do n't see a reason for russian forces to stay there , it 's not connected to russia and is surrounded by countries more hostile towards russia than friendly . 
  but it does suit for putin 's peacekeeping game , muh ' ethnic minorities ( = always russians , rest are scum ) need protection + its double standards ( crimea joining russia = rightful lands , moldova joining romania = western imperialism ) but all in all , a unification must only happen through democratic principles , otherwise it 'd lay a bad foundation for both sides . 
  i do n't think 2018 is a very objective year for that , unless there will be a major campaign . 
  greece was in the news by then already , syriza had been already elected etc. 
  one word : greece . 
  all that trouble has had some effect on germans ' trust in the euro . 
   a balt yay , that does not mean us ( technically , it really does not ) . 
   we , in the baltics i do n't think you should talk for all the people of 3 different countries , especially considering i definitely do not agree with you on this . 
   pride j\u00e4rva i wonder what that * j\u00e4rva * stands for , it 's also how central estonia is called : * j\u00e4rvamaa * aka j\u00e4rva-land . 
  * j\u00e4rv / i * means * lake * in estonian/finnish . 
  6.5 % growth is undoubtedly a strong recovery , growth rates like these are n't even present in central and eastern europe nowadays . 
  russia has also properties of estonia for `` safekeeping '' ( aka `` we stole them , but dare not to call it that '' ) . 
  these include estonia 's first president 's medal ( again , absolutely illogical for russia have it ) , art collection of university of tartu , properties of estonian postal museum etc. 
  but we have no cacti ? 
  too cold here ^ ( just like nordics ), 
  it would be * s\u00f5r * in estonian way of latinization . 
  in english , * syr * would be the latinized form . 
  i bet 99 % of / r/europe do n't even know what letter that * \u00d5 * is . 
  no , we are efficient . 
  we can say the same thing you do in a shorter time/fewer letters . 
  we do n't have a problem with ( new ) immigrants because nordics are just so much more desirable destination for them than we are . 
  so our ` advantage ' is actually not being as great as nordics . 
   i mean look at finland 's economy , it 's going downhill very fast . 
  finnish economy has not managed to grow for years , yes , but the decline has been anything else than fast . 
  it 's mostly stagnating . 
  many european countries are probably going to have huge issues with their unsustainable welfare , but finland has strong foundations - their infrastructure is excellent , debt levels managable , education is great , reputation is high and their population is growing . 
  i do n't think too many european countries can boast with all these . 
  finland might do some cuts here and there , sure , but they still generate a lot of wealth that can be distributed to the people . 
  well , that was a long article . 
  could somebody briefly explain how that happened to vilnius ' jews ? 
  vilnius was occupied by / part of / poland before wwii and very few lithuanians ( that is the balts , not jews ) had remained by that time . 
  so how were they the main nazi collaborators and not , let 's say , poles ? 
   even in the softer version that is taught to lithuanian schoolchildren , it claims that was there was no right side . 
  swastika equals hammer plus sickle . 
  i 'm sorry but what should they teach there ? 
  that there was a right side that nevertheless occupied your country and carried out repressions ? 
  i think the ` right side ' would have been fighting for our own countries , and that did not happen . 
  i do not favour the glorification of any wwii-sides in baltics , not even one of them . 
  whether the soviets , nazis , soviet-collaborationists or nazi-collaborationists , or anti-fascists or anti-soviets . 
  we had shitty politicians who gave our countries up without a single shot . 
  nobody fought under baltic flags and that made them a playground for others . 
  yes , people may be free to celebrate a side ( unless directly celebrating a war crime etc ) , but the state should not . 
  unless they directly fought under lithuanian flag , it 's never clear what was their goal and even worse , if they actually have recorded war crimes , those names should never be glorified . 
  ah , good old attitude coming back . 
  back in * those days * , ~ ~ soviet union ~ ~ russia threatened estonia and latvia with * same kind of ethnic wars as in yugoslavia * ~ ~ if we dared to separate from ussr ~ ~ ( fixed ) if we continued our `` apartheid '' citizenship policies .
