  this was a populist trick and not much more . 
  it ignored a general principle of representative democracy . 
  you gave a serious response . 
  i was trying to be sarcastic -_-, 
  it 's obvious that with the [ referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_ukraine%e2%80%93european_union_association_agreement_referendum,_2016 ) results , the ruling government is now in trouble . 
  it `` goes against the people 's will '' if they ignore the result , so now the government is trying to score some points with these demands . 
  that would all be normal if it was n't for the fact that ukraine has had nearly 10 ' 000 people killed , it 's one of the poorest countries in europe and in deep crisis . 
  the country needs help . 
  scoring domestic political points on them is just incredibly immoral . 
  i really do n't see what 's so outrageous about the association agreement . 
  eu has been rather honest that ukraine wo n't be joining eu in the nearest 20 years at least . 
  is n't that enough ? 
  i mean , according to them , should ukraine be barred from ever entering the eu ? 
  is [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ee/flag_of_lofa_county.svg/1024px-flag_of_lofa_county.svg.png ) a good flag ? 
  i think a child could draw it . 
  extremely shameful for the netherlands . 
  they 're exploiting a war-torn impoverished country for domestic political quarrels . 
   i never said the serbs were blameless , merely that it is not they who began the war . 
  i 'd welcome you to point out what tangible instigation came from the serbs . 
  they were forced by shitty circumstances to respond . 
  that does n't make them blameless , but it does make it unfair that they 're forced to shoulder almost all of the blame . 
  that 's such a one-sided statement . 
  as i said , you can claim that slovenes and croats ` provoked ' the war by declaring independence . 
  at the same time , you can say that evil serbs started to murder croats that wanted only freedom for their country . 
   i still see no good reason for serbia to surrender its just claim to kosovo . 
  just be realistic . 
  if serbia had a chance to get kosovo back ( peacefully ) , i 'd not be against that . 
  making balkans a group of tiny isolated puzzle pieces is not exactly a great solution , but still better than ethnic wars . 
   `` looks down upon serbia and wishes to exercise undue control over belgrade at the expense of serbia 's dignity . '', 
  oh yes , look at the gold mine of serbia . 
  ca n't wait to get our greedy hands on them . 
  / s seriously , this is about european integration , for general good . 
  for completing eu in balkans . 
  serbia itself is rather poor and generally pro-russia . 
  not a member estonians would root for , for example . 
  but in a human point of view , it would make sense . 
   how is the euro a distant topic if we 're talking about eu membership ? 
  new members are required to adopt the euro . 
  that ought to be a part of any nation 's decision-making process when deciding whether or not to join the eu . 
  serbia would be joining in 2020s and then it takes years to even join the mechanism for euro . 
  have you heard about croatia adopting the euro ? 
   serbia would also have no control over its own currency , and would be forced into using a currency whose pricing is centered upon much more economically powerful nations , like france and germany . 
  currency unions are n't sustainable when the economic situations of participant countries are so massively varied . 
  that 's mainly the issue of mediterranean countries which were used to devaluating constantly . 
  slovakia , for example , has been doing extremely well with the euro . 
  estonia has not devalued its currency a single time since ditching soviet ruble in 1992 . 
   first , the countries that have been invited to join were , relatively speaking , in better economic conditions that those who have n't , even before they joined the eu . 
  meh , romania and bulgaria were comparable to serbia . 
  now they 're clearly better off , especially romania . 
   second , the time in which said countries joined was different . 
  the eu was generally more stable and prosperous . 
  how was it more prosperous ? 
  the times might have been more stable then but eu itself is now more prosperous than ever . 
   which would seem a guarantee of exacerbating the brain drain you mentioned earlier . 
  right now , there are at least some practical roadblocks for serbs to leave for greener pastures . 
  if they have free movement , that ceases to be true . 
  okay , this is really one issue free movement does exacerbate ( though it has benefits aswell , obviously ) , but there can always be temporary restrictions . 
   in any event , free movement for people does n't change serbia 's landlocked status , which is what we 're addressing . 
  if it 's landlocked * and * isolated , it 's just worse . 
   yes and i personally believe that the eu needs some counterweights . 
  russia welcome !, 
  oh , so should we close all our schools that have ` russian ' in their name ? 
  too bad there would be almost no russian-speaking schools left ... 
  it 's a sign of progress if you finally realize the society is not benefiting at all from discriminating sexual minorities . 
  also , how come economy and society collide with such things ? 
  is there a certain standard for the economy and society to reach before we can deal with gay rights or what ? 
   bloody ethnic conflict was instigated by the croats , not the serbs . 
  all sides are to be blamed to some extent , but it was really serbs that controlled the yugoslav army and exploited that for their own goals . 
  even if you claimed that slovenia or croatia leaving was their ` provocation ' ( which is absurd ) , serbs did n't really fight for yugoslavia at that point , they fought for greater serbia or sth similar . 
  and yes , i 'm generalizing , not all serbs did that . 
   montenegro leaving was a direct result of the west saddling the serbs with all of the blame for the war , and consequently mistreating them . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's quite a lot of blame on serbia itself aswell . 
   kosovo remains a part of serbia , even if certain other nations insist otherwise . 
  not , it does n't . 
  serbia has no control over it , its laws do n't apply there , its power does not apply there . 
  just like crimea is not * de facto * part of ukraine at this point . 
   i personally do n't care to be dependent upon people who hate me if we hated serbia , we would not even discuss accepting them into the eu . 
   not least being the need to adopt the euro firstly , that 's such a distant topic that bringing this as an argument serves no purpose . 
  secondly , the euro for serbia can be very beneficial , as it would eliminate currency instability , yet consolidate their price competitiveness ( serbia would have lowest salaries in eu , so also lowest labour costs ) . 
  thirdly , joining euro is * de facto * voluntary . 
  you can just forever keep delaying joining ermii mechanism and voila , you `` do n't meet the requirements '' . 
  that 's exactly what most non - $ eu member states are doing right now . 
   i 'm not sure that boarding a sinking ship is prudent just because of the promise of short term cash . 
  if you compare countries in eastern europe that have joined eu and those that have not , you 'd understand why . 
  most of the latter are rather depressing , with already low development but no noticeable progress to be seen . 
  eu might have problems but serbia would not be untouched by waves of instability arising from it anyway . 
  it 's basically surrounded by it . 
  it 's just not reaping the benefits . 
   lastly , as to being landlocked , care to explain how joining the eu would solve that ? 
  being part of eu offers you free movement . 
  and cooperation + funds open up potential cross-border developments . 
   so same-sex partnerships are technically legal , but mostly symbolic as they do n't currently grant most of the rights they are supposed to . 
  yeah , it 's a legal mess we have right now . 
  to be honest , the law itself is not a success . 
  estonia is the least married nation in europe , and also with one of the highest share of single mothers . 
  to fix the issue , they created this new type of partnership for unmarried people ( and also for same sex couples ) . 
  but it does n't work , you still need to register yourself , and because of opposition , the technical provisions have not been adopted , so it 's not helping single parents nor same sex couples . 
  ideally , the issue would be fixed similarly to united states , that our constitutional court would declare that same sex couples must not be discriminated in marriage . 
  our chancellor of justice has voiced for gay rights , but not many signals have lately come elsewhere about the topic . 
  i think some gay activists have already sued the issue , we 'll just wait and see .
