  it has also connections to stockholm and helsinki , two other eu capitals . 
  of course not all funding comes from eu , after all , we are the main beneficiary from it . 
  why bring that in ? 
  does it block or exports ? 
  or rather we do n't have much to export and little that is , is already covered ? 
  because we could get a new railway transport route , as opposed to current west-east , which would open new transit routes and diversify our reliance . 
  i mean , it 's quite clear we 're strongly aligned with eu and problems with russia are not going to disappear . 
  our infrastructure should adapt to that . 
  if lithuania officially thinks that , it should say it out . 
  currently , it 's like a ridiculous circus where lithuania is fully ready to participate on paper , and yet in reality , they do everything to block the project , be it `` oops !, 
  we did n't realize we actually want it to go through vilnius when we had to choose the towns '' , then `` it is against our good position of transit '' or then `` it 's actually poland 's fault '' etc. 
  my opinion of lithuania as an international business partner has collapsed after this and the visaginas npp circus before . 
  massive large scale infrastructure projects are victims of local political game . 
   first off railway is n't cost-efficient http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1465041/cars-are-more-fuel-efficient-than-trains-claims-study.html the entire study presumes the usage of fossil fuels , while rb is supposed to be fully electrified . 
   secondly do n't undersell the maintenance costs , i think the estimates were published in estonian as well . 
  also construction cost vs effect on the environment and splitting the country - depends on your views & wether it would affect your way of life . 
  betting on you living in tallinn , so it 's marginal for you . 
  railways actually need considerably less maintenance than standard roads . 
  estonia 's spending is just so heavily towards roads it 's just incomparable . 
  maintenance of rb would cost like 5 million a year if i remember correctly . 
  taking a random road construction , tallinn-paldiski 5km stretch costs 5.5 million . 
  a more * grandiose * project aruvalla-kose , 13km , already 54 million ( !!! ) . 
  maanteeamet spends like what , nearly 300 million a year on road construcion and maintenance . 
  and splitting the country , what ? 
  most developed european countries have such railway lines , they just build bridges and tunnels to retain the connection . 
   so you think the roads are in good enough shape ? 
  fuel excise is no longer going into roadworks , but filling various budget holes - so again , where should we cut for rb maintenance ( suggesting we do need roads and railways to p\u00e4rnu , viljandi , narva , tartu ) . 
  if we use less road transport , we 'd also need less investments there . 
  anyway , the aecom research showed that rb would cover its maintenance costs at least and why not ? 
  5 million a year is a small sum for estonia and i see no reason such large infrastructure investments would n't bring back many times more . 
  quite in the middle , existing railway connection from tallinn . 
  gdp or no gdp , for people from tartu , p\u00e4rnu , v\u00f5ru etc this would mean they wo n't need to travel to tallinn just to go south again . 
  from tallinn you take the train , bus or car to viljandi . 
  same applies for cargo . 
  p\u00e4rnu will get a stop , so people can always go there . 
  tartu can also opt for riga instead of tallinn and there 's a great and constantly improving connection to tallinn already in place . 
  and your idea does not make sense at all . 
  it would require expensive track changes in the middle of nowhere ( russian vs european gauge ) , instead of direct connection to port of tallinn . 
  that would not work for cargo . 
   because most of the people are giddy for the passenger side of rb . 
  need i remind you the speed limit on the rb ? 
  also emphasis on the `` limit '' . 
  p\u00e4rnu - riga you take the bus . 
  yes , if we have already some form of connection , we do n't need to add any others . 
  why do we even have ferries to stockholm ? 
  we can already use a plane . 
  also , train to tartu ? 
  for what ? 
  we can use buses !, 
  / s  in conclusion you do n't realise not everyone lives in tallinn and still need to make connections to get to rb ; current bus and train options far exceed what rb could offer extending to tallinn and future bus routes catering connecting to ie viljandi would make more sense ; cargo is n't in that much of a hurry . 
  * i * do n't live even near tallinn . 
  the thing is most of estonia has connection to tallinn . 
  also , you fail to realize that rb is not some local project , it 's a pan-european one . 
  that 's why eu funds it even separately , outside of estonia 's eu funds . 
  and cargo is also necessary , i 'm sure you have heard about the `` great '' business partner of our eastern neighbour . 
  can you please annex lithuania , finish the rb , and then return the independence ? 
  i ca n't agree with you . 
  railway is one of the most cost-efficient and environmentally friendly means of transportation . 
  the problem is the high cost of construction , but that 's the part where eu helps . 
  we can actually finance our current railway system easily , the state has just decided to spend the money on roads . 
  it 's all about priorities . 
  and i 'm sorry , cost-effective by ending in p\u00e4rnu ? 
  tallinn produces like half of the gdp of estonia , it 's one of the most important cities of baltics . 
  the * very * long term idea would be to add helsinki tunnel to the connection , connecting finland to central europe . 
  also , i ca n't understand why you compare planes to railways . 
  it 's definitely not faster for people of p\u00e4rnu , for example , to go to riga or tallinn by plane , nor cheaper . 
  you forget that railway makes different routes possible , both short and long distance . 
  you may not opt for tallinn-warsaw , but what about tallinn-riga ? 
  tallinn-helsinki tunnel would cost us already a few generations ' wealth , i 'm afraid connection to germany would have to be only through lithuania ... 
  if this continues , we 'll finally declare ourselves nordic and build a tunnel to helsinki instead . 
  120km/h , how incredibly disappointing . 
  that 's currently how fast our current passenger trains run on our russian-gauge tracks . 
  note that rail baltic should have been 240km/h electrified double track from tallinn to lt-pl border ( and ideally , to warsaw ) , but lithuanian-polish uncooperative attitude has pretty much downgraded it between kaunas and warsaw . 
  it will ( hopefully ) still be 240km/h electrified double track form tallinn to kaunas , but from there on , it 's just a huge question mark . 
  we do n't even call this lithuanian own `` solution '' from kaunas to pl border rail baltic in estonia . 
  it 's just european gauge railway for freight as of now . 
  the project 's idea is not only fast connection between baltics , but even more importantly - connection to rest of continental europe . 
  that 's why it is standard gauge and not russian one . 
  if we wo n't be having decent connection to poland , we 'll be pointlessly wasting money on a new gauge standard . 
  it 's just insane how bad the cooperation is , considering what a large scale project we 're dealing with and its costs . 
  remember that over half of the sum comes from eu . 
  we 're most likely not going to see any other such projects in the near future . 
  therefore , i 'm not happy at all to see that incomplete solution that is some fruit of imagination of lithuania , and that was not supposed to be part of rail baltic . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.tino.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/link-the-amazing-truth-about-pisa-scores-usa-beats-western-europe-ties-with-asia-3-366x515.jpg ) pretty much sums up the contrastic results of us-canadian-australian immigration policy vs the european one . 
  the latter is inarguably worse . 
  because even if we leave the migrant crisis out , europe has a shitty immigration policy . 
  unlike usa , we are unable to attract brains and get mostly less educated cheap workforce , which is not something europe needs massively and which causes most social tension . 
  it should be noted that estonia is more expensive than czech republic or slovakia , so higher wages are necessary here for the same purchasing power . 
  why is not marrying good ? 
  it has created a sense of irresponsiblity here and we have one of the highest rate of single parents in europe . 
  hello , iron curtain . 
  hey , it 's not me who has become less relevant than its ( former ) colony . 
  it 's not like this is some official position , it 's just what i call it . 
  uhmm , \u00c4mari is a village at least half an hour drive from nearest town . 
  and as someone who regurarly visits a town with a military base with nato soldiers ( tapa ) , i have seen us soldiers like only once or twice in small groups . 
  they 're barely noticeable even for locals . 
  what are you talking about , they gave you brazilian language ... 
  as is estonian town of narva . 
  just because soviets ethnically cleansed it does n't change the fact that it is estonian . 
  apart from old town and port area basically being an oversea district of helsinki , i do n't see what the fuss about annoying finns is about .
