  at the same time , we 've had the worst economic crisis since great depression in 2000s . 
  what is more , we have belarus which never adopted the shock doctrine , it has retained many elements of soviet economy to these days , and in addition relies on energy subsidies from russia . 
  the country 's not a success story either . 
  i believe some reforms should have been more gradual , but i 'm not convinced it would have given us some miracles compared to what happened . 
  it 's generally known that russians trust all state institutions , as well as nato and eu , a lot less than estonians do . 
  many of them follow only russian media , so that mostly explains it . 
  nevertheless , i 'd like to see what would be the numbers for ethnic russians with estonian citizenship vs those with russian citizenship . 
   why is it people blame western europe for ` failed integration ' if people moving here refuse to integrate with our society ? 
  because you are the ones willingly taking these people into your country . 
  you must be able to handle and integrate them into society . 
  if you ca n't do that , you should not take them in . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  it 's not freedom of movement in eu to blame for this , it 's the failed immigration and integration policies of western europe . 
   and not a single state from that list wants to see ukraine in the union . 
  you might notice that europeans generally do n't want any new members right now , except those that are already in eea ( iceland ) or full members ( croatia ) . 
  the feelings about enlargement are very negative right now , completely different from 10 years ago . 
  ukraine wo n't be a member in the nearest 20 years , even juncker said that . 
  it 's an honest and realistic answer . 
  the country has been horribly run since collapse of ussr and needs massive changes to function normally . 
  nevertheless , it 's important that european countries are offered prospects of eu . 
  furthermore , support for ukraine is surprisingly higher than for albania , which is way smaller ( easily absorbable ) and in better condition than ukraine . 
  indeed , not all of the problems are insurmountable , but i really do n't see a scenario where all of these are solved . 
   they have more cultural connection with the baltics surely you meant balkans . 
  baltic sea is that sea that lies east of sweden . 
  rt seems to work quite neutrally on topics where russia does n't have a particularly strong interest . 
  the reason people in baltics generally despise it is whenever our countries are mentioned , it 's almost exclusively the typical chauvinist propaganda of kremlin - evil fascists glorifying nazism , discrimination of russians and baltics are dying poor societies . 
  the thing with russian media is that it is mostly government controlled . 
  including the `` private '' media . 
  let 's take a look . 
  levada polled that [ 94 % of russians ] ( https://themoscowtimes.com/news/poll-finds-94-of-russians-depend-on-state-tv-for-ukraine-coverage-35367 ) got their information about events in ukraine from tv . 
  while they already mention in the article that tv network is largely government controlled , let 's look further into this . 
  assuming that [ this information ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/television_in_russia#most-viewed_channels ) is correct , out of the top 10 channels in russia , 7 channels , including the top 4 are mostly owned by the government , either directly , through broadcasting company or through the gazprom business empire . 
  now , out of the remaining 3 , national media group is the biggest player . 
  what company is this ? 
  let 's see . 
  oh , yuri kovalchuk , a billionaire-oligrach close to putin . 
  all this in a country of over 140 million people . 
  must be some really bad enterpreneurs in the media sector if only government-connected people and companies can have large tv-channels . 
  there 's no chance turkey will be joining eu . 
  there are so many reasons that any member or candidate has n't ever faced before . 
  * geography - it 's mostly in asia . 
  yes , so is cyprus , but it 's a tiny island , so it 's easy to forgive that . 
  turkey borders countries like syria , iran and iraq . 
  * its size . 
  turkey will soon be bigger than germany population-wise . 
  that means it would also have the largest representation in the union . 
  `` core-countries '' like germany and france would not like that . 
  * religion . 
  turkey is a giant muslim country , while all current eu members are christian . 
  it 's quite secular , compared to middle-east at least , but we 've all noticed how islamism haunts them as well . 
  with all the failed immigration policies and terrorism in eu , this problem is likely even more of an issue than before . 
  * wealth . 
  eastern turkey is very poor , so it would drain a lot of resources from eu countries . 
  considering we still have giant wealth and income inequality in the eu , many poorer countries would not like to see them joining . 
  * democracy and human rights . 
  these are issues where turkey has been on a fast downhill path , and is now way worse than any country in eu . 
  erdogan has been leading turkey on a track to dictatorship for long , but the failed coup attempt has been exploited to use methods we recognize from an era before wwii in europe . 
  * western world . 
  in addition to the afromentioned values , there 's also the question of political alliance . 
  with turkey distancing itself from the west and warming up to countries like putin 's russia , they 're becoming even less of an ally , let alone an eu member . 
  * cyprus . 
  yes , the old occupation of northern cyprus issue . 
  hopefully we 'll soon see a united cyprus with turkish troops leaving , but i have a feeling that wo n't be a seamless process and even the unification itself , despite seeming more likely than before , is not very likely to occur soon . 
  all the issues of old grudges , turkish responsibility , immigration from turkey , cypriot greeks ' reluctance etc. 
  * public opposition . 
  as this poll reveals , opposition to turkey 's membership is so huge that it 's impossible for politicians to push it through , as it would be with smaller countries , like albania . 
  what is more , turks themselves are also not being too supportive of eu talks anymore . 
  being a victor does n't mean being a liberator . 
  that 's the main point here . 
  especially in the baltic capitals which never supported communists as they were occupied by them even before nazis . 
  considering there 're over 8 million passengers a year using tallinn-helsinki ferries , making it also , i believe , the busiest line in the baltic sea , the experiences can be quite varying . 
  i have n't noticed anything special in summers , maybe it 's different in winters , when there are less tourists and more estonian workers . 
  i do n't think construction quality would be the biggest problem ( although who knows ) , but instead the cooperation between estonia , latvia , lithuania and poland , which seems to be very sluggish . 
  i 'm not expecting huge problems in tallinn-riga-kaunas stretch , but from there , it 's a question mark right now . 
  there 's a 120km/h single gauge stretch there right now and lithuania and poland have not shown much interest to go to 240km/h double gauge . 
  however , one of the most important aspects of the projects should be linking baltics to central europe . 
   either way i wish there was a train linkage from berlin so i could go to finland and back to berlin through the baltics . 
  we 're working on [ it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rail_baltica ) , a 240km/h double gauge railway to connect tallinn to poland . 
  i seriously hope we wo n't mess it up , several hundreds of millions of eu funds have already been approved and most of the path has been agreed on . 
  construction should start at the end of this decade . 
  there 's going to be millions of coins circulating in russia depicting soviet monuments with tallinn , riga and vilnius . 
  it 's basically a straightforward message for russians saying : `` we liberated those cities '' . 
  you 're just adding fuel to an existing controversy . 
  exactly . 
  we 're totally safe if you avoid any larger city or town . 
  or in fact , any inhabited place . 
  and forests , there are some dangerous animals there . 
  there were people celebrating also nazis entering their cities . 
  should we issue some coins for that ? 
  indeed , it does n't . 
  which is why you should never say baltics were liberated by soviets . 
   it does n't really matter if they are foreign-speaking people . 
  they have the same rights ( and duties ) as estonian-speaking citizens . 
  except that there are plenty of russian citizens in tallinn as well . 
  in fact , they could have very well formed the majority of the rioters , as i believe those that had acquired estonian citizenship might have at least that bit respect to not destroy their own capital and shout a foreign country 's name while doing that . 
   and them insulting estonians is just as bad as estonians insulting russians . 
  yes , but that emotion is stronger when you do it in a specific country 's capital . 
  yeah , i do n't approve that , but it 's absolutely horrible to see your capital being looted , vandalized and all that by foreign-speaking people ( who also shouted `` rossiya '' and derogating things about estonians ) . 
  kinda feels like you 're still occupied . 
  do n't you think it 's in bad taste to say `` liberation '' about cities that do n't themselves think of that ?
