  let 's not also forget that uk is an english-speaking country which gives them a huge advantage in services , not to mention the fantastic air connection , superb higher education etc. 
  greece is nothing like that . 
   greece 's problem is that it 's not allowed to grow . 
  what would that be based on ? 
  because call me a sceptic , but i certainly do n't see greece 's current economic model as something that would even allow some sustainable growth . 
  with huge trade deficit , consumerism based on generous welfare ( based on debts ) , ineffectiveness all around ( all the indicators i brought ) , tax evasion etc. 
  yes , and i 'm sure these evil banks just forced greece to take loans from them . 
  from the article :  can not americans assess the extent of their two most aggressive provocations ? 
  first nato parade in narva , 100 meters -- you 've read that right : meters , not kilometers -- before the russian border . 
  maybe should n't have annexed the territories next to narva , then the border would also be further ... 
  yes , but estonian papers said he did n't speak russian too well . 
  considering he grew up in austria , then natively probably not . 
  but because both his parents lived in estonia , i guess he should know something . 
   cutting pensions is literally the opposite of helping . 
  greek economy is driven by domestic consumption and right now pensioners are the only ones that can afford anything . 
  cutting pensions just means greece loses another 10 % of gdp . 
  it 's not like the money cut from pensioners just disappears . 
  greece could use it for public investment , for example , which could be more productive than simple consuming . 
  but we have to consider the factor that poverty is already so high in greece there 's hardly room for cuts anymore . 
   greece does n't actually need to have its wages and pensions cut to e.g. 
  romanian levels because greeks are significantly more productive than romanians ( in gdp per hour worked ) . 
  yes , romanian labour is cheaper but you also get less bang for your buck . 
  well , greece 's gdp per capita is nearly equivalent to estonia 's and yet their pensions are 2x higher . 
  plus , we do n't have an enormous debt to repay . 
   greece 's biggest problem is n't its technology or industry or corruption or anything of that sort . 
  i disagree . 
  the country seems to be lagging behind in most areas in eu , with many indicators easily on bulgaria 's and romania 's levels . 
  that includes corruption perception index , internet penetration rate , business freedom , innovation index etc. 
  look at its [ export map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/greece_export_treemap.jpg ) - while more-or-less diverse , agriculture and food take up suprisingly big part of it , while techonology only a fraction . 
  compare that to [ slovakia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/slovakia_export_treemap.png ) . 
  it 's like the country just skipped industrial revolution or sth . 
  sure , debt level `` helps '' a lot here . 
  however , afaik , the interest payments for greece are smaller than for several other eu countries ( hmm , italy and portugal ? ), 
  because of eu 's super-low interests . 
  now that would mean if greece ca n't still cope with that , how can portugal and italy ? 
  should we also cut their debts ? 
  are they even willing to participate in greece if they ca n't get the same ? 
  you 're welcome , austria . 
  greece might be more expensive than estonia , but here , a lot of pensioners live alone ( not very common in greece ) and they have enormous heating bills in winters ( up to several hundreds $ - s ) . 
  it 's quite safe to say pensioners live way better there . 
  but it 's quite absurd how the ratio of wages and pensions in estonia and greece are so drastically different ( so wages are similar , but pension in estonia is just half of greece 's ) and how many people survive solely on pensions there ( incredibly inefficient ) . 
  i think wages and pensions are still bigger and that 's a huge problem . 
  cutting them would only increase the already crippling poverty , but at the same time , keeping them makes sure that greece wo n't be able to compete with cheaper eurozone members . 
  one of the country 's problems is its weak industry . 
  greece is far behind in a lot of indicators in eu , from internet penetration to corruption to business climate . 
  these are all from long-term mismanagement . 
  something similar in [ tallinn 2007 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cw-oli1fvs ) , when estonian government relocated soviet monument from city centre to military cemetery . 
  i guess all russian channels showed some poor oppressed russians peacefully protesting and protecting the `` liberator '' monument and then next picture was already fascist estonian police beating unarmed minorities . 
  they conveniently ommitted any facts about majority of estonians supporting the relocation ( the governing party 's popularity surged to nearly 50 % for a few months after the events ) , or that the protests turned into most violent and destructive riots , looting and stealing of the country since collapse of ussr ( actually , even anti-ussr protests back then were peaceful ) etc. 
  latvians could also share their story how local russian minorities were made to believe that latvian lats were going to be inevitably devalued and caused a small bank panic there . 
  there 's a reason why even the tiniest connection to russian state media immediately nullifies any kind of credibility here . 
  if they 've already come to the conclusion that debt relief is necessary and absolutely unavoidable , then yes . 
  but i would n't dare to forecast a long future for the eurozone in that case either way . 
  you 'll force poorer taxpayers to pay for one member state + troika mistakes , and this also has a risk of contagion to portugal , italy etc ( why ca n't they have debt relief , their debt levels are also sky high etc ) . 
   you push far right parties into power by lying constantly and eventually getting caught . 
  you mean like eu lied about greece being able to pay the debt pack when shifting the responsiblity of those from banks and investors onto taxpayers ? 
  yes , they 've certainly helped a lot that way . 
   not by stating facts and doing your best to fix the problem . 
  the problem largely created by yourself , you mean . 
  does n't convince me , it should 've been those that lent money to greece in the first place to carry the risk , not european taxpayers . 
  it also should have been necessary to not shift the responsibility of greece 's debts from private investors onto european taxpayers with efsf and esm ( also lying about that europeans will get their money back ) , and not force greece to the absolutely failed austerity measures that basically created a new great depression for the country ( even worse , actually , because at least a recovery followed great depression , but greece is not improving at all ) , and yet all that was done . 
  what 's happening now is the result of these horrible decisions and if you now say that hey , none of the decision-makers are actually responsible , you will pay for these mistakes , how do you imagine eurozone to even stay together , not to mention any country ever even considering joining ? 
  the far-right will grab from just about anything eu fails in . 
  just imagine all the headlines you could make like `` suffering slovak pensioners with 300 $ must pay for generous greeks pensions of 900 $ '' [ does n't really have to be factual , could use some dated statistics from a few years ago etc ] , `` eu which promised that greece pays back its loans and esm is just a loan mechanism , lied to everybody and now makes you pay for it '' etc. 
   how do you push far-right parties into power by admitting a fact ? 
  you mean admitting the fact that european taxpayers must pay part of greeks debts ? 
  does n't sound that great when you actually say it out ...  i 'd hope people were n't that stupid . 
  yeah ? 
  look at what 's already happening in poland , hungary , slovakia even when these countries are not in economic crisis and most refugees go to western europe ? 
  now think what would happen if you say they must pay the `` lazy greeks ' '' debts ? 
  and look at austria , france , uk , sweden etc. 
  the far-right is gaining basically everywhere . 
  this has been the problem of eu , absolutely ignoring reaction from the public of member states . 
  we might think eu is succesful and brought so much prosperity and peace , but when europe 's far-right is most popular since wwii , that tells something different . 
  i 'd imagine fiscal transfers going from richer countries to poorer ones , not from the responsible ones to irresponsible ones , though . 
  if this is added to the ongoing refugee crisis , you wo n't just ` deal with it and move on ' . 
  you 'll push far-right parties into power and possibly make eu collapse possible . 
  remember who already got into slovakia 's parliament ? 
  i have some bad news for you , our far-rights have also gained a lot . 
  how do you really explain to people in baltics and slovakia that their tax money will now be spent on effectively paying for a wealthier country 's debts ? 
  you do n't , you 'll most certainly lose your government position if it came to that and the eurozone would be heading for a collapse . 
  who 'd want such a union that 's always in crisis and no matter how nicely you manage your finances and how precisely you follow the rules , you 'll still get punished for others ' failures ? 
  fun fact : van der bellen is actually an estonian citizen by birth . 
  his parents were estonian citizens who fleed from soviet occupation ( and ironically , his father and grandfather initially moved to estonia from russia because of soviet oppression ) . 
  \u00d6sterreich , gib back our politician !, 
  also , stupid soviet union that made most of the talented escape to the west . 
  why ? 
  we still call it viiburi here . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.estoniapiano.com/ ) . 
  it was so great to hear estonian anthem playing before thousands of people in moscow . 
   as many eu subsidies 2-3 % of gdp annually . 
  yes , that would * totally * make up for having the most natural resources in the entire world . 
  / s eu structural funds play a part here , but way more important are functioning law , tackling corruption , business climate , low buraeucracy etc. 
  you could actually try it by being a normal country , to be honest . 
  and no , do n't start with that `` we tried in 90s , west made us poor bullshit '' . 
  latvia does n't have the world 's largest amount of natural resources in its ground . 
  let 's be honest , you 'd be on ukrainian level without it . 
  sure , but it seems crazy to ask such a price from customers when the average wage is close to 500 $ . 
  i would expect with low ruble that it became cheaper in $ in russia . 
  i think it should be clear by now that it was the separatists .
