   also , as much as i enjoy having a laugh at stupidity of bloomberg 's specialists sometimes , even a retard that glances over the grapth , bloomberg themselves provide , can see the basic seasonal change . 
  yes , people tend to increase spending in summer and winter months , while decrease in autumn and spring . 
  7 % fall in spending compared to discount months is nothing special at all you silly potato . 
  umm , i do n't know if we 're looking at the same graph . 
  firstly , i can see only one about income , not spending . 
  secondly , have you noticed that ` yoy ' in the graph 's explanation ? 
  that means those numbers are compared to the same period last year , so seasonal effect is not an issue here . 
  should have happened in 2010 already . 
  now , after years of suffering , an economy quarter smaller than before the crisis , unemployment 25 % etc , it 'd be quite stupid to risk it with another wave of crisis . 
  the country could potentially collapse . 
  it 's still a treaty that russia violated . 
  which goes well to show how russia has no respect for international treaties . 
  lol , a border treaty is for mapmakers ? 
  what the hell have you consumed ? 
  why do you think such documents need ratification ? 
  these pretty much are the main legal documents to set out borders of countries . 
  ukraine and russia also had a [ border ** treaty ** ] ( http://en.kremlin.ru/events/president/news/30820 ) , signed by putin himself . 
  still did n't matter . 
  hah , the only reason this is even possible is because the situation of free media is absolutely horrible in russia . 
  the government controls most of the tv channels , which in turn sets the general views for whole russian-speaking media . 
  the language barrier makes sure western information reaches majority of russians only through the kremlin 's prism . 
  so of course , as russia 's own situation is such that they have no interest whatsoever to protect free media , they try to exploit the one in the west . 
  let 's bullshit as much as possible , so west needs to choose whether to let their people be influenced by propaganda , or start reacting to it , making way for accusing them of violating free speech . 
  ca n't argue that the single currency has a lot of issues . 
  for estonia , they 're not insurmountable as we 've been living with a fully pegged currency ever since abandoning soviet ruble . 
  although we have a problem with participating in bail-outs , true , but that 's already a problem stemming from performance of others . 
  at the same time , the very different competitiveness situations in germany vs southern europe and the increasing disparities ( germany has been having a party while already richer , and south is falling ) are extremely worrying , even as growth has mostly resumed to the periphery . 
  leaving greece out , which is a disaster from any perspective , the performance of italy is just horrible . 
  it 's clearly now going to reach two lost decades ( that is their economic output has had no expansion in 20 years ) , so it 's even worse than japan ( ! ) . 
  i 'm not an expert so i 'm not even sure how much of that is because of lagging reforms , political instability , corruption etc and how much because of single currency issues . 
  meanwhile , slovakia seems to be doing very well , and there 's no signs of stopping . 
  ireland 's boom is not being restriced either . 
   more links has to mean more distribution security . 
  more links with the same dominant supplier , that is . 
  i 'd say it increases dependecy . 
  if we 'd have a gas connection with , let 's say , azerbaijan , i 'd be all for it . 
  furthermore , why was south stream pressured to be cancelled and north stream is somehow not a problem ? 
  seems unreasonable and unfair . 
  eu is supporting planned estonia-finland and poland-lithuania gas connections , and has also pressured gazprom to play by the rules in baltics and poland with the gas prices , so they 've definitely stepped up the game . 
  but eu as a single entity where there 's no room for russia to exploit the different interests of member states is also something i ca n't see happening in the near future . 
  unfortunately , of course . 
   self-identifying as russian , jew or jedi should not make their opinions any less important than opinions of pureblood aryan-ukrainian with certificate from phrenologist . 
  stop with the stupid nazi comparison . 
  i 'm not talking about blood purity , origins , heritage etc. 
  i 'm talking about the basic values of a society . 
  you are not part of ukraine when your loyalty lies elsewhere . 
  if you are ready to kill your `` compatriots '' . 
  these people should just leave for russia if they 'd rather live there , or if they do n't want to , they have to accept the power of kyiv . 
  there 's no justifying tearing the country apart . 
  they have the option to move to the `` motherland '' . 
  ukrainians do n't . 
  well , support for the single currency has been sky high despite that . 
  i personally find lithuania 's decision extremely idiotic . 
  they had a npp , so there was a location , there was know-how , there were people and there was experience . 
  also , it was by far the largest power plant in the country . 
  after the soviet one was forced to close down , it would have been obvious to build a new one . 
  we even had a pan-baltic project where estonia and latvia also took part and it seemed to move on . 
  then lithuania had a government change which had a referendum where they rejected it . 
  they 're now the most electricity importing country in eu . 
  the safety justification is void because there 's going to be a npp anyway very close to it , just in a foreign country , so they do n't have any control over it , nor the economic benefits . 
  well , it is the * only * european country not to be a member of council of europe , so ofc it makes people wonder . 
  slovakia does n't seem to be bothered , though . 
  if those `` additional sanctions '' would also include cancelling nord stream 2 , i might have some respect for her . 
  otherwise , it just does n't make sense to play an antagonist on diplomatic level while increasing depedency on russia on economic level . 
   i 've learned my share about history surrounding crimea do you know there were other similar transfers inside ussr ? 
  for example , [ eastern territories of estonia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/baltic_states_borders.jpg ) were annexed to russia . 
  i 'm eagerly waiting now for putin - the champion of historical justice - to be returning these . 
  as for syria , i 'm really not fond of west meddling in middle east as we 've seen that toppling dictators wo n't bring a stable democracy there . 
  however , i also ca n't imagine assad running the country after so many years of destruction that has happened , in a large part , because of him . 
   and the country is at war with part of its own population that does n't want to see nazi rallies on the streets of their cities . 
  sure , it 's just anti-fascist ukrainians there . 
  you know , not people who 'd gladly celebrate stalinism themselves . 
  who wave russian flags , follow russian media and actually have taken arms against ukrainians , with support from russia . 
  / s sorry , but i really ca n't call such people ukrainians ... 
  the victim mentality was strongly emphasized during and after annexation of crimea , though . 
  formerly , eu was seen positively , now it 's almost on par with usa . 
  at the same time , russians , at least in politics , are behaving like they 're in war - putin 's and edinaya rossiya 's ratings are sky high . 
  they need to protect their government against evil foreigners . 
  and all this because their country invaded and annexed a neighbour . 
  i mean , if they do n't realize that invading your neighbours and even worse , annexing them is wrong , and not only , they even find it justified to the extent that reaction to it is seen as hostility , it 's really a country with a mentality very far away from mainstream europe . 
  the point that russians feel as victims even after not only their country invading but also annexing part of their neighbouring countries , is imo , incredibly disgusting and dangerous . 
  this goes well together , of course , with the view that has been promoted past years , namely how the 90s instability was somehow west 's fault ( even though several other post-soviets states , including ukraine , suffered even more ) . 
  the complete lack of self-criticism and blaming all your problems on foreigners is working extremely well there . 
  sadly . 
  any ukrainians here to expand on this ? 
  is it just `` we 've had better things to deal with , we 'll do it later '' or are there forces trying to find reconciliation with russia ? 
   to be allied to both russia and the eu . 
  trying to sit on two chairs at once tends to end with falling from both . 
  warming up to russia would quite clearly undercut its trust in eu . 
  which is , to a small extent , actually what has already happened with greece . 
   but why have eu sanctions for death penalty against poor belarus in the first place , but not against china , usa , singapore , saudi arabia and others ? 
  afaik , the sanctions are for political repressions , not death penalty . 
  most of these have been cancelled anyway . 
  belarus is not a member of the council of europe , the only such european country , because of death penalty , though . 
  we know , it 's again a whole nation being infected by the horrible disease of russophobia which takes away any capability to think rationally on russia , instead of maybe russia 's actions itself . 
   ukraine is a european country ? 
  wow , today you learned , i guess . 
   they 're the same if not worse as russia , they 're doing the same things in the south china sea . 
  yes , so much to do with europe i see . 
  / s  they do n't have freedom of speech , they have hostile trade policies with the eu .
