  if you pretend to care about life quality , then at least be consistent in that . 
  well , we 're not doing much better actually . 
  our foreign trade has stagnated for 4-5 years and investment is lagging aswell . 
  we 're quite dependant on finland in many aspects . 
  anyway , finland is still a huge idol for estonia , if one can say that . 
  not only because of linguistic relations and proximity , but how a relatively young country with no huge resources has managed to become one of world 's most developed and stable one . 
  meh , your economy might be struggling right now but the society is still level-headed and extremely stable . 
  growth will return soon . 
  telia eesti ( part of teliasonera ) made a new mobile internet offer which removes roaming fees for nordic & baltic countries ( basically the countries where they operate ) and when journalists asked from elisa eesti about doing the same for finland & estonia ( that 's where they operate ) , they said `` our customers do n't want it '' . 
  sure , i mean those tens of thousands of estonians working in finland sure want to pay roaming fees or pay bills for both estonian and finnish services at once . 
  their attitude does n't seem too favourable towards customers and i surely do n't feel for them when eu forces price caps for them . 
  and i fekkin ' use that provider . 
  might think about changing . 
  definitely not . 
  i mean , it seems that czech republic is trying to keep koruna cheap , so czech export is competitive , while we can do that only as the whole eurozone bloc together . 
  but estonian kroon , since its readoption in 1992 , was always pegged to deutschmark and the euro and not once was it devalued by even 1 % , so adopting the euro changed nothing regarding that . 
  the only thing that did affect prices was just rounding , but that was completely marginal . 
  one could argue that some things even got cheaper as it was harder to rip off customers with exchange rate ( prices could be compared directly now ) . 
  especially for cz . 
  prague is now cheaper than tallinn . 
  so energy union is basically dead and instead let 's make us even more dependant on russia . 
  how great that one country 's short-term business interests are put above those of the union . 
  i 've noticed that . 
  meanwhile , i do n't remember such surnames being used in estonia . 
  i do n't have the impression that russian tourists here would be more annoying than others . 
  i mean , most come probably from st. petersburg and they seem to be okay . 
  i guess those that see us as nazi-glorifying russophobic fascists wo n't even come . 
  also , it 's difficult to always know whether russians are tourists or locals . 
  it 's one of the very few times i have to agree with / u/rizzzeh . 
  big part of the post-soviet world is still , in many ways , attached to the collapsed union . 
  lots of people from poorer regions work in moscow , for example , and send money home . 
  many countries have not recovered from collapse of the union and have failed to build up successful societies . 
  ties with russia are strong . 
  baltics are quite exceptional in completely ` changing ' ( recovering ) their alignment to the west and breaking nearly all ties with ussr . 
  do n't worry , it 's balkans , they can handle anything . 
  they should become part of bosnia and herzegovina as another constituent entity , and to make the clusterfuck even worse , macedonian albanians should get their own autonomous part like republika srpska in bosnia . 
  fyi , openness and tolerance do not equal favouring mass immigration . 
  possibly , but it 's not as inconvenient for baltics as it is for ukraine and belarus , because for geographic reasons , russia is pretty much the only direction for the railways here , except for a small pl-lt connection . 
  the currently planned rail baltic , high-speed railway connecting tallinn to warsaw , would be european gauge , though . 
  how ironic that russian railways is dealing with serbia where the rails are european gauge , while baltics with their russian gauge are now completely dominated by western companies . 
  but i 'd say [ eu ] ( http://f.pmo.ee/o/2015/05/20/4088961t1h203e.jpg ) ( estonia ) offers better than [ russia ] ( http://i2.wp.com/inserbia.info/today/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/serbian_railways_class_7111-650x484.jpg?resize=650%2c484 ) ( serbia ) . 
  red . 
  these are all names for colours in estonian - finnish : red , blue , yellow and green . 
   so drunk that they forget a bunch of letters from the ends of words . 
  it 's actually you who put pointless additional letters to each word , making them uselessly long . 
  i mean , by the time you finish saying * ensimm\u00e4inen * , estonians have already become * esimene * twice . 
  forgot the word for green and made up a new random one ? 
  estonia-russia border in narva is basically a clash point of different cultures with a river dividing them , that formed in centuries , while estonia-latvia border only appeared in about 1920 and was drawn rather artificially as estonia and latvia had been one country for a long time and the newly born countries could n't really agree on a just border ( estonia and latvia nearly went to a war because of that , a brit was called to solve the issue ) . 
  that 's why the first one looks fancy and symbolic while the latter is just some random border infrastructure that 's mostly not in use anymore . 
  even above it by [ now ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/gdp-constant-prices ) and growing further . 
  0.35 $ a litre in estonia right now . 
  i feel bad for paying so little . 
  there are many non-white people in tallinn and tartu , working or studying , almost none outside of those . 
  there are no major issues with them , but the refugee crisis sure seems to have increased racism among some locals , which is incredibly shameful . 
  but then again , you would n't want to communicate with such people anyway . 
  our shitty performance is mostly due to lagging foreign trade and well , for finland , that 's actually one of their best growth numbers in years , so maybe they are climbing out of the crisis and our trade also improves . 
  one can hope ... 
  with greece 's unemployment of ~ 25 % , it 's absolutely clear they do not need any more people there to live on tax money , especially not random people of foreign background . 
  if anything , greece might want to send some of their people to work abroad until economy recovers to a point they can actually offer them a job again . 
  how much longer until sweden bans collecting any kind of information based on ethnic/linguistic/national grounds , including statistics on employment , education , incomes etc , so we will never have any bad statistics about integration and as a result , there will obviously be no problems with immigration or integration whatsoever in fairy tale land of sverige ? 
  because it sure seems to be going that way . 
  wars and plagues , to put is shortly . 
  estonia 's population in the beginning of 18th century is estimated to have been roughly same as in 13th century , about 160 ' 000 , so 5 centuries of wars , famines and plagues nullified any growth . 
  then it grew rapidly to around 1 ' 000 ' 000 until wwi , when russia turned red and estonia broke off . 
  a rather slow increase since then and then as we all know wwii , occupations , mass escape to the west , deportations . 
  the number of estonians peaked in 1930s and has since never fully recovered to those levels , but population still grew due to soviet migration and when that thing collapsed , a lot of these migrants returned , pushing population into decrease again . 
  and then we have today 's society where europeans do n't make enough babies and we 're also not wealthy enough to be a popular immigration destination , so ... yeah . 
  hopefully all czechs are away drinking beer or something , so they wo n't open this map . 
  meh , the 3 lions were always on estonian kroon coins and danish krone has different design ( + they 're not using the euro ) . 
  would n't have been a problem . 
  how come you ca n't recognize our glorious map ? 
  ah , let 's be honest , it 's one of the most meaningless and boring designs . 
  but at least you can see where our only hilly regions are . 
  if you lived here , you would n't think it 's paranoia . 
  i mean , the reasons stretch from not only history to russia 's recent invasions , but also from the extremely hostile attitude of moscow ( an example would be russia imposing a partial trade block on estonia just for relocating a soviet monument in 2007 , another one that russia refuses to return estonian president 's [ medal ] ( http://g1.nh.ee/images/pix/file18261855_teenetemark1_375.jpg ) it stole during the occupation in 1940 , of course it refuses to even call that occupation ) to the russian minority here , a lot of whom are mentally similar to those in eastern ukraine ( just take a walk in estonia 's easternmost town narva and you 'll find the same symbols of russian chauvinism - st. george 's ribbons , flags of russia on people 's cars etc ) . 
  on 9th may , you could actually think these areas are 100 % in russian federation etc. 
  the 2 main reasons why there 's no donbass going on here are better life quality than russia and nato . 
   unfortunately my country is run by spinless worms who 'd gladly delegate all their foreign and defensive political duties to eu/nato . 
  then why have n't they done so ? 
  why do we still have conscription ? 
  why are we one of the very few ones to spend the nato-required 2 % of gdp on defence ? 
   my high school morning show shown only to a few thousand students had a better intro than estonia yeah , they 've staid with this one for a long time already , since at least 2009 or even earlier . 
  when they 'll ever get time to make a new one , hopefully they 'll take finland as an example . 
  would n't want some epic action graphics flashing there 3 times a day . 
  not a singe `` journalists '' name has been published in the site . 
  they 're probably afraid that none of them would ever get a job in baltics media enterprises after working for putin 's propaganda factory . 
  obviously you have n't been to / r/russia . 
  indeed . 
  estonia 's business paper \u00c4rip\u00e4ev is the one that lists richest people every year and last year , kristo k\u00e4\u00e4rmann , founder of transferwise , a successful start-up company , took the first place . 
  which i personally think is fantastic , because we finally have people there that actually earned their money , not some weird guys in some shady 90s russian transit business or similar . 
   would you be imprisoned ? 
  certainly not . 
  i just do n't have the motive , nor is there evidence from my past pointing i would actually support it . 
   would you be put on a some kind of secret watch list ? 
  we never know that . 
   would you be racially profiled ? 
  it 's quite difficult to do that here considering one can hardly visually decide whether one 's estonian or russian and even the surnames might be misleading ( estonians might have russian names and russians might have estonian names ) . 
  however , considering that statistically russians are over-represented in crime , there might be some ( unnoticed ) discrimination but that 's certainly not considered acceptable . 
   europe is so different from the usa ... 
  true that , but europe consists of many different countries .
