  well , it depends . 
  we 're so tiny that tallinn dominating allows us at least one place resembling a city in this country . 
  yep . 
  i still remember when baltics got angry over austria releasing [ russian ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-14202371 ) that was to be tried for killing unarmed civilians in lithuania in 1991 . 
  i mean , germany is known ( or was back then at least ) for being more pro-russia than western europe on average , but austria was even like a step further . 
  cheap gas and big trade partner  filthy eastern european human lives, 
  latvia had its [ abrene ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cisjwxcwgaqwknb.jpg ) region annexed by russia in 1940s . 
  i do n't understand you . 
  you think my comments are ` snarky and witty ' and then continue with the mysterious `` geopolitics '' . 
  so could you extend on that view , please ? 
  geopolitics is not some divine pre-determined situation ( that i apparently just happen to not understand ) . 
  i know very well i do n't change the world by commenting on reddit , but we 're discussing what a country can and can not and should and should not do . 
  for example , russia does not have some divine necessity for having a buffer zone against the natural enemy of the west . 
  that 's what many might believe there and also strive for , but russia could also be an ally of the west . 
  this is human relations we 're talking about after all . 
  and us in europe absolutely have the right to deny them such buffer zones , the international law is clearly supportive on that . 
   a claim from a us functionary . 
  what does it change ? 
  it 's a claim . 
  there 's nothing formal for others to see . 
   i mean that , yes . 
  do you honestly think , it just happened out of nowhere ? 
  the ukraine did n't think about any of that for over 20 years then suddenly the people changed their mind ? 
  do you think people there are just mindless sheep who are influenced purely by russian and us intelligence ? 
  of course the change was n't overnight , it 's just the elections ( or more accurately , frauds ) triggered the protests . 
   i 'm coming from a buffer country too . 
  but just like i said above , our emotions have no effect on these things whatsoever . 
  but your attitudes have . 
  we 're very adamant here on not giving russia any such rights and considering we are in eu , together we have the power to enforce it as well . 
  blabbering about `` it 's geopolitics '' like it 's something carved in stone , while thinking your country is irrelevant and pointless definitely has an effect enforcing russia with these attitudes . 
   if we want to end this , we need to work on the eu project . 
  and not only , also * not * recognize any kind of `` buffer zones '' for others , we should be clear and consistent on that . 
  ukraine moving closer to west is absolutely their right and if russia is n't able to offer attractive alternative , it 's their own fault . 
   good old times when all the nobles in your country were german and pretty much all the esthonians were poor peasants ? 
  if you think about the fact that the situation had been such for centuries by then , then why is it surprising ? 
  serfdom was abolished only in 1816 -- 1819 , literacy reached majority by the second half of the century and in early 20th century , estonians started to overtake germans in local councils . 
  nobility was only abolished in 1918 -- 1920 with establishment of republic of estonia , together with estonian becoming the official language for the first time . 
  it was a long process until estonians basically retook the country through education , but many of the steps for improving peasants ' education were taken during swedish time . 
   russia was promised that nato would never expand eastward . 
  no , it was n't . 
  it 's just a claim that an oral promise was made in freaking 1990 , when soviet union had n't even collapsed . 
  if they were serious about this , they 'd definitely would have made at least a formal agreement . 
  there 's no such thing , however . 
   then the eu and nato started to draw the ukraine into their sphere of influence and the russians did what they thought was a solution to this problem . 
  you mean ukraine itself started to seek closer ties with the west ? 
  do n't you remember orange revolution in 2004 , for example ? 
   if you look through history , thy never wanted anything else than a buffer zone between them and the west . 
  oh look , such innocent and friendly country . 
  even though already having the world 's vastest territories , they `` only '' want an additional column of nations to act as puppets for their interests . 
  coming from such a potential `` buffer '' country , i can never recognize any such rights to even the slightest extent for russia . 
  they have no special rights , not even to the slightest extent , over their neighbours . 
   this was a status quo that , while was far to be perfect , worked . 
  you mean europe was basically split between world powers , an iron curtain was on , and half of europe was under communist dictatorship . 
  it worked ? 
  it was one of the most damaging eras for europe and absolutely against european interests . 
  europe should never allow to carve itself up between other foreign powers . 
   the russian empire was much bigger in the 1800s and had friendly relations and cultural exchange with other european powers . 
  yes , but that country was destroyed by communists , which also murdered much of the country 's intelligentsia . 
  and today 's russia seems to be some kind of a freak hybrid of the both , never really knowing what it truly is . 
   the annexation of crimea and the mess in dombass are bith direct results of american meddling in european affairs and blatant lying to the russians . 
  so what did the evil usa do ? 
  control the brains of ukrainians to topple their corrupt regime ? 
  in the minds of people like him , the bigger powers of this world ( and russia is apparently one of them ) have some divine right to carve up the smaller countries under their ` spheres of influences ' . 
  not that this is almost exactly the same thinking as nazi germany and soviet union had for europe , no , this is being against the neolibs , neocons , libtards , killary , jews and so on . 
  ftfy, 
  so what i can remember right now that we 've got from swedish times : * much of [ narva old town ] ( http://www.nordland.ee/fotod/vaade_vanalinnale_kagust.jpg ) ( almost completely destroyed in wwii ) . 
  * [ university of tartu ] ( http://www.ut.ee/sites/default/files/tartu-ulikool_1.jpg ) ( the main building in the picture was built in russian times , though ) -- still the most prestigious university in the region , highest-ranked in baltics ( and afaik , even in whole of russia , there are just 1-2 universities ranked higher ) . 
  * [ flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4b/flag_of_et-rakvere.svg/1200px-flag_of_et-rakvere.svg.png ) of [ rakvere ] ( http://margusmuts.ee/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/20160601_dsc8391.jpg ) , a historical town of virumaa region . 
  * [ gustav adolf gymnasium ] ( http://g3.nh.ee/images/pix/900x600/nh5zfdz23cc/gustav-adolfi-gumnaasium-73704837.jpg ) -- one of the most prestigious public schools of the country , situated in tallinn old town . 
   it 's ridiculous that you ca n't admit your own fuck ups . 
  this black and white nationalist worldview is so familiar , it 's not any different from opinions of people from rt comment section . 
  i understand that for you , everything that does n't support the notion of russia having some divine rights over its neighbours is `` nationalistic '' . 
  not wanting your nation to be russified is `` nationalism '' . 
  we , however , find ourselves to have just as much rights as russians , including having our own countries . 
   zero reflection and self-criticism . 
  coming from country that as of now , does n't get along with any of its western neighbour ? 
  blaming all of them for some imaginative disease called ` russophobia ' , instead of ever looking for mistakes of its own ...  evil russia doing evil things for no reason , the west din do nuffin . 
  oh , there are reasons , of course , but these reasons should be unacceptable in today 's world . 
   try to change status quo stomping interests of regional power . 
  we did n't try to change anything , but we 'll surely give a chance for those who do . 
  and these `` interests of regional power '' , sorry , do not fit into our world even in the slightest . 
  it 's one of our own main principles that russian neighbours are also independent countries ( considering we 're such ) and russia has no special rights over anything that happens there . 
   support violent regime change with nationalistic flavour in ethnically divided country . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  give weapons to brainwashed putinists in an ethnically divided country . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  occupy and annex foreign territories in 21st century europe . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  as i said , the west did n't support violence in any way . 
  if anything , we here in baltics are especially adamant about avoiding violence . 
  i still hope ukraine will look into the violent events and if they do n't , it only discredits them . 
  however , when you look at ukraine right now , the extremist nationalists are not in power . 
  in fact , they are trying to oppose the current government . 
   russia was more or less democratic in 1990s , elections were real , there was independent media controlled by different groups of oligarchs -- and it was far behind modern putin 's russia in every reasonable sense . 
  that 's one of the biggest lies you have there in russia . 
  `` democracy does n't work here '' . 
  of course it does . 
  maybe it does n't work in semi-illiterate countries with strongly religious system , but fuck , russia is generally educated and secular . 
  what you had in 90s was chaos , just as in rest of former ussr . 
  we had that as well , it was a transition phase .
