  people still require all kinds of state services , from police and rescue to education . 
  the state is basically forced to do all these in russian as well , despite no law obliging that . 
  what is more , we 're not really thrilled by having a large group of people here mentally living in russia . 
  not only is that generally bad , it just happens that we have quite different views from russia , and not only in politics . 
  you do have a point in forcing to learn the language , true . 
  being forced rarely gives positive results . 
  however , what do you take as forcing ? 
  would ditching russian in public use be forcing ? 
  anyway , that does n't mean that they should n't learn estonian eventually . 
  in the end , the society should be able to communicate in one language , and for estonia , that 's naturally estonian . 
  the question is how do we achieve that . 
  the citizenship issue was a choice between two bad options . 
  i can understand that it was unfair , especially for those russians that supported independence , many of them must have felt betrayed . 
  then again we never know what would happen to estonia if up to 1/3 of the citizens would live in foreign information sphere . 
  i 'm afraid we could have ended up as a dysfunctional divided society , like ukraine . 
  the current solution where those russians still without citizenship can choose between estonian and russian citizenship at least sorts out the ` foreigners ' from ` our own ' . 
  we have now 100 000 russian citizens , so at least that many have taken russia as their country . 
  that should say a lot . 
  so you 're talking about a specific region of serbia where hungarians form about 15 % . 
  hungarians there are also a * historical * minority ( i explained that in another comment ) and vojvodina is a historical autonomous region that was once part of hungary . 
  we do n't have anything similar in estonia , virumaa has never been part of russia and has not even equivalent place names in russian . 
  it was never historically russian speaking up until soviet mass migration . 
  well , we * do * have lots of russians here , but there 's also a stereotype that russians like to speak loudly while we prefer silence . 
  yes , serbia sure is a `` success '' , with some separation of its regions every few years . 
  your minorities have already broken off . 
  the horror of republika srpska in bosnia is probably one of the worst examples we can even find in europe . 
  currently , wikipedia gives that largest ethnic minority in serbia are hungarians with 3.5 % . 
  not much of an issue i guess . 
  the problem with that is those in south tyrol are a historical minority while most russians in estonia are not . 
  yes , `` historical '' is a vague term , but it 's important in this case because firstly , russians are heavily concentrated in two regions : eastern virumaa ( which is historical estonian region where finns got their name for estonia : * viro * ) and tallinn . 
  both became heavily russian speaking only as a result of soviet migration/colonization policies . 
  the place names there do n't even have russian equivalents . 
  i 'm pretty sure almost no estonian would ever agree with tallinn being officially bilingual , it seems historically , morally and symbolically wrong . 
  we do n't want to feel like foreigners in our own capital ( even as we kinda do in some regions today ) . 
  eastern virumaa , again , is historically estonian . 
  the largest city there - narva was completely destroyed and a soviet style town was built instead - almost fully inhabitated by russians . 
  i guess there 's a mixture of historical trauma , but also the fear that people there will never bother learning estonian if it 's not mandatory . 
  personally , i 'd support reviewing the status in ida-virumaa , but that would require an estonian russian identity - russians that see themselves as part of estonia and not putin 's russia . 
  considering that majority of people there watch only russian channels and 9th may seems a bigger event than estonian independence day , we 're not even close yet . 
  none of these are nation states , estonia is . 
  language is a key identity for most nations . 
  even from your offered solutions , belgium is highly dysfunctional because of separate identities . 
  canada has its issues with quebec . 
  the swiss are just very exceptional and their model is next to impossible to copy for any country . 
  what is more , do you think russians would even bother learning a language spoken by ~ 1 million people when they speak a language spoken by over 100 million themselves ? 
   is it really that difficult to understand that russians still in large part identify with the soviet-era and tearing down lenin-statues in nationalist fervor just might cause some resentment from the russians ? 
  why do n't you ask the other way around ? 
  why ca n't such russians see that locals do n't like soviet union at all and have the right to decide what symbols to expose in their own country ? 
   estonia is also the country that made the majority of its russophone population non-citizens overnight and has significant issues with discrimination of russians . 
  this argument is thrown so many times and yet not once have i got a decent answer for this : how exactly would a country function if 1/3 of its citizens ca n't even speak the state language , would live in foreign ( hostile ) country 's information sphere and in general , is unable and/or unwilling to communicate with rest of citizens ? 
  also , what `` significant issues '' are you talking about ? 
  i 'd really like to know . 
  hey , i 'm not denying that lithuania can sell electricity to finland . 
  yes , they can , through latvia and estonia , but it 's not very likely considering they ca n't cover up their domestic demand and they 'd need to pass through 2 price zones ( of which one has a bottleneck ) just to sell to a market currently only slightly more expensive . 
  meanwhile , no5 selling to no3 makes totally sense considering the price difference and proximity . 
   in any case . 
  prices from 16 to 17 . 
  let 's hope it does n't get much worse . 
  is cold weather doing that ? 
  and why is southern norway and western denmark so much cheaper ? 
   it seems to me that map only shows the ( teoretical ) net flow per hour summed over the whole day . 
  not the sum of sales in either direction . 
  nope , it shows flows for both sides , just check yesterday 's data , where it also has some lv -  ee flows . 
   this map has the physcal flow per minute . 
  i gave the physical flows for estonia before , this is just for whole market , and the data seems to match . 
   the spot price cleared per hour per market area works that way , but if they are starting up an unit at a power plant they have probably set up direct sale for a longer duration , or are at least operating in the next day market . 
  ( the spot market will course react immediately to the news . ), 
  sure , but in which way should that mean they export to finland ? 
  price has risen in lithuania , too , and considering they need to import a lot , it makes more sense to sell it there . 
   zubkov was born in russia but studied in kiev and is married to a ukrainian . 
  he said he previously had the warmest feelings towards ukraine , but that nationalist slogans during the maidan revolution and the sight of lenin statues being pulled down across ukraine led him to throw his weight behind the russian annexation . 
  well that 's ironic considering at least ukrainians are nationalistic in their * own * country , unlike many russians . 
  and seriously , lenins being pulled down makes him support russia ? 
  what ? 
  here , lenin statues in public places are seen as a symbol of backwardness and frozen mentality . 
   the way nord pool works , the can be sales from lithuania to finland and power flowing in the opposite direction ( if there are more sales in the opposite direction . 
  possibly sales involving latvia etc. ), 
  that 's not happening , however . 
  open [ this ] ( http://nordpoolspot.com/market-data1/#/nordic/map ) , choose elspot flows and check it out , nothing coming from latvia . 
  there is both export and import with finland , however . 
  and it clearly shows lithuania indeed imports a lot , and export nothing currently . 
   ultimately , the important part is that a power shortage in finland caused switching on a unit in lithuania ( presumably a unit which would otherwise be down for maintenance or high operating costs . ) . 
  yes , but that does n't mean lithuania started exporting to finland . 
  power shortage in finland means finland ca n't export to baltics , so prices in baltics rise , so lithuanian producers can start producing more profitably * for their own market * . 
  there 's nothing coming from latvia at the moment . 
  check [ this ] ( http://elering.ee/dashboard/ ) . 
  estonia , you mean . 
  lithuania is the most import-dependant country in europe when it comes to electricity so it can hardly export it . 
  latvia is also mostly importer from estonia , and just as i checked , they continue to be today . 
  anyway , that happens with cold weather which pushes prices high and estonia 's oil shale plants can produce profitably . 
  otherwise , cheap hydro and wind energy is usually imported from nordics . 
  does anybody even get minimum wage in russia ? 
  even with russian prices now , i do n't think it 's possible to survive on that without additional support . 
  the soviet ones are uglier , though . 
  not only have they awful quality , they almost never even have proper facade because of lack of decent materials at that time . 
  add the mess of 90s privatization -  separate styled balconies/windows etc + poverty , and you 'll get an inhumane messy concrete jungle . 
  those fixed prices seem quite on tallinn level , maybe a bit upper end , but it seemed natural considering budapest is a lot bigger , which is why i would 've assumed it to be viktor 's `` we must help the poor hungarian consumer from evil businesses '' policy , but i guess i underestimate how much cheaper hungary has become compared to estonia . 
  oh , the taxi drivers themselves agreed on that ? 
  i would 've thought it was one of viktor 's ideas . 
  anyway , the business practices of taxi drivers in tallinn are not better , some of them run like maffia , declaring certain spots as their region and demanding money for waiting there from others .
