  it 's basically manipulation . 
  basically , everything that discourages people risking their lives and seek benefits in europe . 
  in the end , it would save more lives than encouraging more and more people to come . 
  it would also calm down the tense situation in europe . 
  in estonia 's case , however , accepting 200 refugees is not too burdening and we can do it . 
  we ca n't ignore the fact that syria is , in large part , destroyed and under control of various forces , one of them is one of the most inhumane creations we know . 
  countries like turkey or lebanon are absolutely flooded by syrians already , so europe must lend a helping hand aswell . 
  unfortunately , even with that small amount , there 's a huge negative reaction among the people . 
  if only eu was more conservative and estonians a bit more understanding . 
  well , he is . 
  from defence police . 
  because estonia is not represented by its government , but a single criminal individual . 
  then i would n't even want to talk about the `` insane murderous usa '' . 
  that 's why i said * i am quite sure ... * because we do n't know the facts yet . 
  it 's my opinion and even i ca n't be 100 % convinced . 
  hopefully we 'll find out soon . 
   i always find it kind of ironic that people like you are always so quick to impose your will onto others while calling others nazis . 
  `` always '' , huh ? 
  feel free to check my comment history - i do n't remember the last time i called someone a nazi ( unless it was irony or pointing to history ) . 
  and what ` imposed will ' are you talking about ? 
   answer me this question ; would you be so quick to support this if it meant you were on the hook to house and support them with your own personal property and assets ? 
  why do you think others should be told by people like you that they have to give away their assets and resources to others ? 
  say what ? 
  you know , i 'm actually conservative on immigration policies , i strongly oppose forced migrant quotas and believe europe is too acceptive of migrants . 
  however , this is not about that . 
  this is about potential murder of refugees which was most likely due to extremist far-right views . 
  and what is more , damaging the house , as in this case , is , in what way contributing to saving money ? 
  it makes it just worse because now extra funds are needed to repair it . 
  ha ha dairy products are now so cheap here thanks to russia . 
  0.45 $ or less for a litre of milk !, 
  ^ ( ignore the suffering dairy producers , though . ), 
  did you forget an '' / s '' ? 
  how pathetic . 
  hopefully they 'll catch the arsonist ( s ) soon . 
  considering the insane over-reaction about the refugee acceptance plan , i 'm quite sure they were some racist fucks . 
  only it 's ironic how they want to keep `` uncivilized migrants '' away from estonia , while acting like dumb nazis themselves . 
  you should n't forget that estonia is still a lot poorer than finland and the older generation that grew up behind the iron curtain is not nearly as techonology oriented as the youth , even as internet is becoming more popular among them each year . 
  also , you 're nordics , so you 're ( almost ) always ahead in everything . 
  unfortunately , so are probably lots of bulgarians . 
  i 'm not saying anything else , it just shows the extreme disparities in the eu and the irony in ` solidarity ' with migrants . 
  of course they are n't , if the wages are so low , imagine the benefits . 
  germany , on the other hand ... 
   there are countries in the eu where the average wage is around 200 $ that 's an overkill already , there 's just one country in the eu , where * minimum wage * is ( slightly ) below that - bulgaria , but average wage is still 400 $ there . 
  that 's higher than most bulgarians earn working full time . 
  i 'm sure that makes them feel as appreciated citizens of the eu . 
  what about university towns in russia ? 
  are there any prestigious ones that are known in the entire country or is it that moscow and st. petersburg top the others by far ? 
  yes , as the classical university . 
  it 's the oldest ( est. 
  1632 ) in estonia , tartu has good student vibe , and ut has the best quality in the subjects it offers . 
  it does not lack prestige . 
  tallinn university of technology is the leader in technology field , though , and has made fantastic progress . 
  it has a developed campus and also a strong reputation . 
  both schools have broadly the same number of students and their infrastructure has developed significantly over the years . 
  their popularity is also surging among foreign students . 
  still , tartu beats it for me due to the town 's atmosphere and the history . 
  putin wants ukraine to stay an unstable impoverished country that could not reform itself to get closer to the eu or nato and that would prove what a bad government it is in power right now , and that the only sane choice is alliance with russia . 
  if there was a pro-russia government , they 'd be interested in peace , but definitely not now . 
  the wrestling medals are from 1920s and 1930s , that 's why . 
  although heiki nabi also got a silver in london 2012 . 
   this includes freedom of movement for everyone within schengen , including immigrants . 
  that would mean almost all of the migrants flocking to richer eu countries which have the most generous social support systems . 
  it 's clear that countries such as france , denmark , germany etc will not be supporting that . 
   double standards are , your countries claimed its russian population as second-class citizens . 
  you establish apartheid politics for one of the biggest minorities in your countries but touchingly care about a couple of thousands minorities of your multinational neighbor . 
  that 's what people mean by double standards . 
  fuck you . 
  please bring * any * arguments to this `` apartheid '' thing before claiming it . 
  it 's so insane that your media can lie about everything and you 'll always believe it , as a true patriot . 
  also , maybe you 'd remind yourself how russians became such a big minority here . 
  they immigrated during illegal occupation , mostly through soviet union-lead ethnic cleansing programs . 
  meanwhile , finno-ugrics live in their ethnic homelands and are slowly dying . 
  firstly , these areas were always populated by finns ( or karelians ) and had minimal contacts with slavs as they do n't even have a russian equivalent . 
  the fact that they * might * be from some other finno-ugric nation ( which it is n't ) is also invalid because russia ereased the finno-karelian entity it was shortly after annexation and completely annexed it into russia , losing the native population 's rights to information , education etc in their native language . 
  even the fact that most finnish-speaking people escaped to finland upon coming part of russia does n't make it any more right , because essentially russia has stolen their lands * and * lost their rights on it . 
  what is more , i 'm extremely sad about the finno-ugric nations in russia . 
  as of now , all four of the major finno-ugric nations in russia ( pop . 
  of at least 100 ' 000 ) have become minorities in their ` republics ' and are clearly going to be completely russificated soon enough . 
  even the few programs we have to improve the situation are labelled as ` separatist attempts ' in russia ( double standards , as usual ) . 
  ironically , russia itself is the best example why you * should * have your own country as long as you 're not the majority . 
  oh my god , how dare you invade these * historically russian * places like viipuri , lahdenpohja , pitk\u00e4ranta , naistenj\u00e4rvi etc ? 
  yes , we estonians surely used lots of resources from africa , our colonies were world-famous after all !, 
  / s also , to be honest , i 'd strictly make birth control programs mandatory in africa to get eu aid . 
  it 's not normal that a continent that is unable to feed itself , has increasing clean water access problems and has a major lack of jobs has an exploding population . 
  if china was n't controlling its population , i would n't be sure they 'd manage to lift so many out of poverty now . 
  wow , how many countries does russia own stuff already ? 
  they also stole various properties of estonia , which sound even ridiculuous to own - for example , estonia 's 1st president 's medal , properties of estonian postal museum and university of tartu . 
  various justifications have been like `` estonians gifted them away '' ( no documents of course ) or that `` they were bought from estonia '' ( again no documents ) . 
   this situation is just completely unrelatable for me . 
  what 's it like living next to such a massive , overwhelming , and hostile country ? 
  it 's not like russia was always so overwhelmingly big and hostile . 
  estonia was pretty much under different foreign powers from 13th century until 20th - germans , danes , poles , swedes and russians . 
  each of them had impact on us and estonia 's culture is basically a mix of all those + some of truly our own , for example , the language . 
  st. petersburg used to be an important city for estonians , it was the ` capital of estonian intelligentsia ' in late 19th century , early 20th century , when estonia was part of russian empire . 
  russia was kind of like other european empires back then . 
  i 'd say it all turned sh * t when the commies came to power and russian empire transformed into soviet union . 
  fortunately , estonia declared independence then , and fought its independence by 1920 . 
  soviet union was never really a friendly neighbour , considering it launched a violent coup attempt in estonia in 1924 , which fortunately failed . 
  in 1939 , they divided europe with nazi germany , and well estonia was occupied next year . 
  wwii , which devastated most of europe , including estonia , and back with the soviet occupation that lasted until late 1980s , when democratization processes started .
