  yes , they need to eat and be housed , which means they consume . 
  but money for that comes from the state ( if they do n't work ) , so these sums could be spent on other things just as easily . 
  and those other things could actually benefit economy more , you 'd have more choice . 
  latvia , for example , has had population decreased quite a lot and yet their unemployment is not very low . 
  i 'd argue that population decrease does n't really affect their gdp that much right now . 
  former unemployed people work in uk and many send money back , which might even have short-term positive effect . 
  in time , of course , latvia will have lack of workforce , which starts affecting them more . 
  or do you think greek economy would start rapidly growing now if population boomed ? 
  with its 25 % unemployment rate ? 
  i hardly think so . 
  you have some effect with population growth , definitely . 
  i mean , it 's not like unemployed people just vegetate doing nothing . 
  some start creating businesses ( great ) , others take random jobs . 
  any of those steps could create some value in one way or another . 
  and then some of them enter criminal world . 
  even the latter might just add to gdp in some ways , not just too significantly , especially considering the money would be undeclared . 
  estonia 's population has actually [ grown ] ( http://www.stat.ee/news-release-2017-008 ) the last two years . 
  minuscule growth , but still . 
  furthermore , it 's not like population growth automatically increases economy . 
  the additional people need to actually contribute through employment or enterpreneurship . 
  as long as we 're not in a systematic lack of qualified workforce ( which we are getting into , but not yet quite there ) , our population decline ( or stagnation , in estonia 's case ) should not have a significant effect on economy . 
  and yes , we had a huge crisis , but let 's not forget that 2005-2007 were boom years and these are counted here as well . 
  we 've only barely now reached the peak output , that is almost 10 years after the last one ( despite it being a bubble that time ) . 
  of course , we could always compare us to greece , which has not recovered at all and still has a huge debt burden strangling them . 
  that does n't comfort us when poeple are still leaving for the nordics and we 're not catching up at all . 
  the fact that we 're both below sweden is worrying . 
  i mean , they are a lot wealthier and yet we 're falling further behind . 
  i understand we have the bursting of bubble effect there in 2009 , but sweden has outperformed us for the last 2 years as well . 
  russian crisis might have some effect here , but such performance is still very disappointing ... 
  estonia was an occupied country , it was established in 1918 and illegally occupied and annexed in 1940 . 
  even united states did n't recognize us as part of ussr . 
  a [ map of ussr ] ( http://www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/commonwealth/soviet_union_admin_1974.jpg ) with text at bottom of the box confirming that . 
  but if we talk about breaking away from russian empire in 1918 , then estonians are native people of the land with a completely different language , history , culture , religion etc. 
  estonians were also not granted much of say over the territory , with baltic germans and russian governors being in a more preferred position , nor did estonian language have an official status . 
  with crimea , let 's firstly make it clear that is was not about independence . 
  it was about russia annexing it . 
  crimea today is mostly populated by russians , but it 's not really accurate to say it 's `` historically russian '' . 
  it became part of russia only in late 18th century ( later than baltics ) and russians became a clear majority only after stalin deported tatars and russians were brought instead . 
  i 'm very careful about such tactics being exploited to expand russia , it 's basically ethnic cleansing transforming into territorial expansion , under guise of `` self-determination '' . 
  besides , russians already have ( the world 's largest ) country . 
  crimea also has significant number of tatars whose views and values should be respected , especially considering they were there before russians and a lot of them were wiped out by a brutal dictator . 
  the peninsula also enjoyed autonomy . 
  in the end , i understand we should not be too stuck in history and will of local people has importance too , of course . 
  which is why crimea is a complicated case . 
  however , due to reasons stated above , plus you know , territorial integrity , not violently expanding borders etc , crimea should have stayed with ukraine . 
  even putin had once emphasized the importance of post-soviet borders ... also , russia may be pumping a lot of money into crimea now , due to propaganda purposes , but if you think it is now free , i can give you some `` pearls '' of the prime minister of now-annexed crimea :  aksyonov has promised that ukrainian would cease to be an official language if crimea joined russia . 
   sergey aksyonov has led efforts to stamp out dissent among ethnic crimean tatars over the annexation , saying `` all activities aimed at non-recognition of crimea 's joining to russia and non-recognition of the leadership of the country will face prosecution under the law and we will take a very tough stance on this . ''  aksyonov says homosexuals `` have no chance '' in crimea , and that `` we in crimea do not need such people . '', 
  he also promised that if gays tried to hold public gatherings , `` our police and self-defense forces will react immediately and in three minutes will explain to them what kind of sexual orientation they should stick to . '', 
  so honestly , i 'm not very happy about this retarded set of values expanding further into europe either . 
   voronin 's pro-russian government saw the largest expansion of gdp yet . 
  if you take a look at economies of former ussr , specifically ukraine , moldova and russia , they all have strongest gdp growth in early 2000s . 
  that 's because russia crashed in 1998 and then recovered rather quickly , plus global growth surged until the 2008-2009 crisis . 
  which is why gdp is awful measure for political success . 
  i 'd like to see corruption trend , crime etc. 
  things that moldova can actually control itself . 
   the more eu friendly government saw a down turn from 2014 to 2015 ( a massive one , at that ) . 
  russian and ukrainian currencies plunged sharply , making moldova 's export there a lot more uncompetitive , plus moldovan workers in russia sent less back home ( and such money forms a considerable sum of moldovan economy ) . 
  again , nothing moldova could do ( if only they had oriented towards europe earlier , at least workers would earn in more stable currency !? ), 
   however , you and i both know that does n't mean anything , for both cases . 
  well , yes . 
   i 'm not against eu , do n't get me wrong . 
  i just want to be realistic about how moldova should handle their situation . 
  same for me . 
  i just ca n't imagine how moldova would climb out of the pit with the help of russia . 
  with eu , at least there would be hope . 
  there are quite a lot of differences . 
  for slovenia and croatia , we are talking about nations with their own distinct history and culture , who lived in an oppressive country . 
  bih is such a clusterfuck that its existence is basically a western-brokered peace deal . 
  kosovo had ethnic cleansing which made remaining with serbia impossible . 
  angola and mozambique were colonies and for colonies , international law has made quite clear the right for independence . 
  crimea is not a colony , though . 
  besides , crimeans had right of self-determination already executed through autonomy within ukraine . 
  your whole approach is similar to the most chauvinist version of russia 's approach . 
  it basically states that small countries ( ukraine , in context of usa vs russia , is rather small ) have no independent interests of their own . 
  they are merely puppets of bigger relevant players and nothing else . 
  which means if usa/eu/the west ` had its way ' with maidan , russia totally had right to launch a counter move ( grab territory ) . 
  with that , you 're ignoring ukrainians . 
  i 'd recommend you look up some public opinion polls and see what ukrainians themselves wanted . 
  maidan was not a success story , it was violent and chaotic , rather controversial . 
  but it does n't mean ukrainians did n't support changes . 
  the extremists that exploited the chaos do not represent ukrainians . 
  yanukovych was corrupt , stagnant and took a step against european integration . 
  for a country already not too rich nor succesful , it 's not surprising to want changes from that . 
  so can you really say ukrainians supported yanukovych more than maidan ? 
  self-determination is not the only principle in international law . 
  we also have territorial integrity and ban of using violent means to solve disputes . 
   she described sanctions against russia as `` senseless '' and `` a pretty stupid method of diplomacy '' and that `` all countries should show respect for each other , to negotiate on equal terms and to accept a compromise solution acceptable to all '' . 
  like russia did with ukraine ? 
  so if a group of turks in berlin want to create a microstate in the city , who are germans to deny them ? 
   but can you make the argument that eu helped moldova develop ? 
  yes . 
  absolutely more than russia at least . 
  eu has funds for eastern partnership countries ( that moldova is a part of ) and afaik , some more for moldova . 
  even my region in estonia has some association thing with moldova to help them improve the administration . 
   it 's been pro-eu all these years since 09 . 
  it has had corrupt politicians still in power , which is a different issue . 
  it 's a mistake to tie domestic policy with foreign one . 
  they could easily have a common foreign policy and yet political battle about internal affairs ( like it is in estonia , for example ) . 
  also , how much did moldova improve when it had pro-russian government in power ? 
  not exactly well , i 'd say .
