  all this while growth of rest of eu economy also gained pace . 
  it would have been a great place to start the recovery , but now this is ruined . 
  markets are in panic , there are capital controls and grexit is closer than ever . 
  there a few inaccuracies in estonia - the dark orange places have had `` growth '' due to municipalities merging , not due to actually having more people . 
  at the same time , the municipalities surrounding tallinn are underestimated . 
  for example , viimsi is marked just 9,000 , while actually it was already 17,000 in 2011 . 
  but then again , their president called russia a terrorist state , so they 're also fascists . 
  indeed . 
  in fact , russians ' support towards the gender-neutral cohabitation law has been dropping for years now , reflecting the trends in russian federation . 
   it surely is n't a requirement for existing members to keep the euro of course it is , for the euro area members . 
  the uk did n't adopt the euro , it got an opt-out , it 's an exception . 
  that 's the thing - it 's not up to greeks anymore , european union might not accept greece 's membership after dumping the euro anymore . 
  you might need to leave eu altogether . 
  sad to see so little influence from nordics in estonia . 
  what 's stupid is that the older generation refuses to admit that their mentality is heavily influenced by soviet union , despite it being very clear by just looking at the difference between former soviet countries and rest of europe . 
  also , lithuania wtf ? 
   yes and you are in nato so strictly speaking you have nothing to worry about . 
  being in nato is n't a perfect security guarantee , you still have to have your own defence capabilities . 
  usa might have a powerful army , but even they can not reach everywhere , nor are they willing to spend their money on everybody else . 
   in reality if we stay out of their affairs they will stay out of ours . 
  hmm , and what are * their affairs * ? 
  according to their behaviour , baltics ' internal policy are so important that they release multiple statements every year regarding the `` poor situation of russian minorities '' , `` poor caretake of soviet monuments '' , `` glorification of nazi ideology '' etc and it 's not too much for them at all to constantly impose trade blockades for these as well . 
  these are countries which are in eu and nato . 
  if you happen to not be a member of either , you can get invaded . 
  talking about russia staying out of others ' affairs . 
   downvote me hah , do n't tell me what to do , i 'll upvote you instead . 
   russians have not reached american violence levels , yet . 
  intentional homicide rate : russia - 9.2 usa - 4.7 you were saying ? 
  give back petseri and jaanilinn !, 
  rightful estonian lands !, 
  you are very relevant ... to us at least . 
  hah , in those measures we are fully eastern europe . 
  younger generation might be getting closer to nordics , but the older ones have basically same level of intolerance as those in russia . 
   ironic considering the baltics ( along with the eu at large ) have imposed economic blockades against russia for political reasons . 
  because invading sovereign states is n't really internal politics anymore and reacting to that is really in our own interests . 
   only by a few countries , the us , uk and a couple eu countries such as poland . 
  the rest of the world is not isolating them . 
  in fact , china is increasing ties with russia . 
  `` a few countries '' that happen to have closest ties to russia apart from their neo-ussr zone . 
  it 's just ridiculous to think that while 2/3 of russians live in europe and their two economic centres are in europe , china could replace europe . 
  it wo n't . 
  but hey , autocratic governments do tend to get along very well , just look at kim and putin . 
   i do n't think nationalism is a reason to not cooperate with a country , and you could argue that the uk and us are war oriented as we have invaded many countries in the past 15 years . 
  if you happen to be so close to russia , have a potential for huge trade with russia ( st. petersburg is just 150 km from estonian border ) and yet most of the population would rather support building a brick wall between us , i think there are more than enough reason not to cooperate . 
  not that we would n't want , but it just does n't work out . 
  do you think i like them ? 
  i do not , not them nor sverigedemokraterna . 
  i 'm just wondering how stupid the mainstream parties are that have no reaction to immigration issues whatsoever , then watch how ( far ) right-winged parties `` shockingly '' gain power . 
  why would anybody want to hamper trade relations with russia just because ? 
  russia is a big market , full of natural resources , and especially for central and eastern europe , full of potential . 
  the thing is , however , if that potential market is an aggressive one that likes to impose blockades for political reasons ( baltics here ) or even invades their neighbours ( georgia , ukraine ) , and is becoming more and more isolated , nationalistic and war-oriented , you really do n't want to rely on them that much . 
  freedom of movement and migration quotas are absolutely uncomparable . 
  there 's a reason why freedom of movement does n't include the whole world . 
  i definitely know what 's going to help . 
  we should * force * migrants onto these countries and the amount will be decided by brussels . 
  i 'm sure that will teach them tolerance and will definitely stop the shift to the right everywhere in europe . 
  it seems that 's the current way of thinking in the european commission right now . 
  those anonymous comments are absolutely worthless trash . 
  okay , maybe once in a while , you might get a laugh or some real criticism , but 95 % it 's just idiots screaming . 
  reddit , for example , is also anonymous , yet works 1000x better . 
  clearly , we 're half-way into being nordic . 
  we just need to visit r/sweden more often and it will happen one day . 
   you 're still spreading it with the ( twisted ) explanation of your own i 'd very much like you to offer a better explanation of your own , because i really ca n't think of any other one . 
  no , i pay 5 $ for my haircut , it needs to be a note . 
  it was pretty much of which i told . 
  i have no idea what show that was , but they broadcasted it live ( * pryamoi efir * under the logo ) and the description said it was in crimea and the `` ukrainian map '' has no crimea , so i guess it was some kind of a story how `` eastern ukraine is being protected by dnr-lnr freedom fighters from nazi ukrainians '' and in the end , a hint to soviet union 's glory or something . 
  they also have [ such ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewwbfjkwz_q&amp;app=desktop ) `` pearls '' in state-owned tv channels , where they show totally unbiased view of events in ukraine : european-supported nazis violently took over kyiv , started to kill people and destroy stuff and then glorious dnr liberators came , ending all in a glorious ussr anthem and symbolics , praising putin . 
  oh , and there are children among the public . 
  ladies and gentlemen , today 's russia . 
  i think baltics ( estonia and latvia in particular ) have pressed on the fact that their populations already struggle with the highest share of immigrants in the whole eu . 
  i think it was . 
  they just order a survey from a polling company . 
  unfortunately , no breakdown by demographics is brought out . 
  it could be that older and more conservative people support it more , but i definitely could see some fairly liberal estonians also support it because they feel that `` estonia has to feed foreign criminals '' ( the fact that over half of estonian prisoners are russian-speakers and the worst serial killer even a russian citizen plays a role here ) . 
  also , afaik , our prisoners ' share is bigger than the eu average . 
  however , i still find the number disturbingly high . 
  the situation with crime has improved a lot over the decades and capital punishment in such a small country would really have no real effect . 
  even russia has abolished it , even though they still struggle with a large prison population . 
  and here it goes - for a while , we 'll endure the weak responses of the eu , the mediterranean countries are crying for help - without getting any , because the only `` solution '' eu offers is sharing the migrants and that wo n't be accepted by others . 
  then , if italy really starts issuing scehngen visas to migrants , we 'll get a few western european countries to have `` temporary '' limits to schengen . 
  but because the migration issue will only be getting worse , `` temporary '' becomes permanent . 
  and voila - we have no schengen anymore . 
  i 'm quite sure there is in africa . 
  even if you have read some claims that technically , it is possible to feed all those people there , in practice , that 's not happening . 
  if you look at africa 's satellite image , over half of its area are deserts and due to desertification , it 's getting worse . 
  at the same time , the population is growing exponentially , expected to double by 2050 . 
  add the problems of less and less drinkable water and more and more pollution and waste . 
  why do you think we had ebola ? 
  that was only the food part . 
  more people need more housing , more schools , more clothes , more of everything . 
  to pay for those , they need jobs . 
  the problem is that , if you have checked , african countries tend to top the unemployment rates in the world , with unofficial sources often claiming over 50 % for many countries . 
  add constant wars and unstability . 
  unless africa experiences some miraculous boom like china ( but they had population control before that ) , i do n't see how the amount of africans in need should decrease in the future . 
  unfortunately , it 's just not as simple as taking massively africans and we 'll solve their over-population and our demographic decline just like that . 
  we 'll be taking * foreigners * and make as generous integration mechanisms as possible , they 'll never be quite the same as locals because they have been raised in a different culture . 
  already now , we 're experiencing numerous issues with integration and social tensions , as immigrants tend to concentrate in `` their own areas '' , often unintentionally forming ghettos . 
  if we take more , those problems will only increase . 
   but better to fix a bad decision ( disbanding conscription ) right now but they 're not fixing it . 
  the conscription is supposedly a temoporary solution .
