  i think that is very unlikely to happen . 
  eu countries have way too different views on so many topics that it 's just not realistic . 
  one of the most recent examples is the migration crisis as many countries in the east are strongly against muslim migrants , while some in the west are welcoming them . 
  we can also see with the debt crisis how different european economies really are . 
  even the single currency is not accepted by all . 
  there are some areas where european countries are not willing to give away their sovereignity . 
   would you like to displace usa as leaders of the free world ? 
  probably , although it would probably exclude way-too-common military interventions . 
  being an influential player , fighting for common goals ( climate change !, 
  ) , development aid etc would be the preferred tools . 
   how is the relationship of other european countries with russia ? 
  i mean , politically and you with the russians . 
  generally , they 're quite bad now . 
  worst since the cold war . 
  there are some regional disparities , though . 
  there are a few russia-friendly countries in europe , for example belarus and serbia . 
  neither is an eu member , though . 
  then there are those in eu that do n't care about russia too much and want to trade with them ( those sweet $ $ $ ) , like austria or italy . 
  there are those that share little values with russia and do n't like them in general ( uk , nordic countries ) . 
  and then there are those who are strongly against russia , like baltics and poland . 
  it all depends on historical relations , geography , values etc. 
  with russians themselves , ughhh . 
  i guess it depends . 
  we have a significant russian minority here in estonia and our relations are n't the best . 
  a large part of them follow russian media and take russia 's views on events , which creates conflicts . 
  however , normal people usually get along , it 's just certain topics are best left untouched . 
   are there any sequels or remnants of the ussr in some countries ? 
  quite a few , actually . 
  russia itself kinda froze the reforms at one point , so you 'll find soviet symbols and lenins in many towns and buildings . 
  also , many street and town names , even some organizations are still after soviet influences . 
  belarus is a country which has even an economic model slightly remnant of soviet era . 
  for example , the state still owns a lot of companies . 
  then , they have no unemployed people . 
  if people have no job , the state just creates some street cleaning jobs or something . 
  being unemployed for too long might get you a fine . 
  then there is transnistria , an unrecognized separatist entity in moldova . 
  these are basically russian-speakers of the country that did n't want to let go of soviet union . 
  their flag has even hammer and sickle and they want to join russia ( very unlikely to happen as they 're not even connected to it and ukraine is in between ) . 
  there are some legacies of ussr in every former soviet country , including mine . 
  you can find some stalinist buildings with hammers and sickles , as well as red army monuments ( we 've had quite a scandal with one too ) . 
  no lenins here anymore , though . 
   for the baltic countries , how big of a threat is russia ? 
  there 's no significant direct military threat , for sure , as we 're safeguarded by eu and nato . 
  however , we 're countries that were formerly part of russia * and * have a significant russian minority ( legacy of soviet times ) . 
  so we 're not overly confident about russia 's actions . 
  in general , russia has moved away from the west these past years and is accusing it in all sorts of stuff . 
  also , russia is n't too fond of a unified eu as they ca n't influence smaller countries that way . 
  so they 're funding eurosceptic media and promote anti-western views . 
  so they 're not really a partner for eu or the west in general either . 
  spain is out of the crisis now and recovering quite well . 
  unemployment levels are still high , but it 's coming down at least . 
  however , they 're now having another headache and that is catalonia 's independence attempts . 
  greece , however , is quite a disaster . 
  they 've not recovered at all and the debt burden is still there . 
  there 's been a lot of talk to basically forgive part of the debts , but other eu countries are likely to be fiercely against that , as it would be politically very dangerous . 
  i mean , who would want to pay for other 's debts ? 
  greece leaving eu is very unlikely , leaving the single currency area a bit more likely but probably not going to happen . 
   what do you think of germany taking the leader voice of eu ? 
  well , we 're now having some signs of the standard german-french cooperation resuming . 
  besides , germany 's image was damaged quite a lot by the infamous `` refugees , welcome ! '', 
  policy . 
  germany will still stay the most influential member , though . 
  they 're the largest country and biggest economy , it 's only natural . 
   the baltic countries love russians . 
  obviously . 
  i mean , we share so much history and they 've influenced us so much . 
  besides , we 're neighbours . 
  europeans always love their neighbours , everybody knows that . 
  the article does n't say much , so i 'll comment on estonia 's presidency a bit . 
  there are some good points in the programme , such as digital single market and emphasizing unity in general . 
  however , i would have hoped that as estonia is in the same presidency-trio as bulgaria ( and austria ) , one of the priorities would be to push for schengen accession of ro and bg . 
  on a bit different topic , the estonian government coalition is actually on shaky grounds . 
  the pm-party actually opposed eu membership in 2003 and it became rather unpopular among estonians after 2007 bronze soldier events , so its voter base has become majority russian-speakers . 
  things have changed since its leader , mayor of tallinn ( charged for corruption , a very scandalous politican ) , was basically overthrown last year . 
  there have been talks about a split between the ` pro-russia ' wing and the ` pro-estonian ' wing ( note that foreign policy is just one of the different attitudes ) of the party , but they try to find compromises as they need both wings ( ` pro-russia ' for russians ' votes , ` pro-estonian ' for some estonian votes , but also so they would have any chance at coalition and would seem acceptable to estonians ) . 
  meanwhile , another coalition partner is about to fall below the 5 % election threshold in popularity polls , has lost some valuable party members and might quit the coalition as a result . 
  we 'll see how things turn out . 
  next general elections are in 2019 . 
  montenegro joining in early 2020s seems very likely , though . 
  serbia and ( fyro ) macedonia depend on how well they do with their international disagreements ( greece , kosovo ) , but 2020s is also likely . 
  albania in late 2020s maybe ? 
  so new members become colonies ? 
  that 's not how eu works and if you are unable to accept other members as equal partners that also have a say in the decisions , you should rather just oppose their accession . 
  it 's not like they were too prosperous before either . 
  still , they 're doing okay , gdp ( ppp ) has risen constantly and they 've overtaken ukraine , for example . 
  they also perform relatively well in corruption , press freedom , economic freedom and democracy , especially compared to other countries of the region . 
  too bad with the occupied territories , though . 
  well , georgia 's ` rose revolution ' in 2003 brought them some good , i 'd say . 
  czechia has very ~ ~ little ~ ~ few emigrants compared to other cee countries , so the data is not very representative for them . 
  edit : grammar . 
  i guess greece , spain , italy , portugal , croatia etc will become even more flooded by tourists in the near future . 
   no ... crisis started in 2008 , and that factor alone does n't explain the rise of support for independence at all . 
  that was the global economic crisis . 
  spain was n't hit * that hard * compared to other countries . 
  but by 2012 , the debt crisis hit in hard , and that was already exclusive to southern european countries . 
   here you have the wikipedia article : 2010 catalan autonomy protest . 
  the demonstration was led by a banner with the slogan `` we are a nation . 
  we decide . '', 
  i 'm not saying this was n't a factor , but the debt crisis seems to be the most correlated trigger . 
  [ this ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-2ysi8m-qsqq/ukzzvjypzqi/aaaaaaaaujc/ht0m6rqlekw/s1600/should+catalonia+become+independent.png ) , [ this ] ( http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/wo-al794a_catal_ns_20121122190303.jpg ) and [ this ] ( https://ftalphaville-cdn.ft.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/catalonia-independence-poll-ft.gif ) all show that support for independence skyrocketed just as 2012 crisis hit in .
