  it went on a slow burn , and there were genuine hopes of russia being brought into alliance with west instead of opposition , but those hopes were quickly dashed . 
  yes , * some * russians were protesting , but it was generally not very vocal , not nearly comparable to levels of now . 
  you ca n't possibly think we 'd not make a move that has even an inch of opposition from russia . 
  as with the cold war never going away , you 're right , but it was not evident back then . 
  it has only become clear the recent years . 
  back then , russia seemed to get close with the west . 
  sorry for not being able to predict future . 
   you go to great pains to emphasize differences and downplay similarities . 
  that 's because i explained why the situation here is different !, 
  i already said that i have nothing against russian ethinicity , culture and language , it has played part in estonia and we 're not ashamed of it . 
  i would never support segregation on qualities a person ca n't change . 
  however , i must admit i also ca n't accept the putinist society , and that means if some local russians think the same , i ca n't accept them . 
  that , however , is not based on nationality , but is strictly about values and world views . 
  just as ( i assume ) your views with nationalism . 
   your angle suggests that this direction has failed , and divisions within estonia have only grown wider . 
  you might have a small point of truth here , but that 's really not because of reasons you think . 
  a greater division between estonians and russians appeared in 2007 after the bronze soldier events . 
  it affected both nations ' views on each other and the state . 
  you could blame somebody on that , but honestly , something like that would have happened sooner or later . 
  if estonia was at its highest welfare level ever , economy rised faster than china 's and unemployment broke all time records , including among russians , if even then a mere relocation of soviet monument ( with a lot of `` help '' from russian media ) , which estonians wanted gone from centre of capital , was enough to go rioting in the city , i ca n't see the division avoided . 
  it 's an effective result of living in russian information sphere 24/7 . 
  however , things have not gone worse since then , it 's become a bit better . 
  estonian is now compulsory also in russian high schools and there 's a russian language state channel . 
   considering your fullhearted support for it , i have to draw an assumption that you are in fact a hardline nationalist and fear that like in some other european countries , hardline militant nationalism has entered mainstream in estonia . 
  a hardline militant nationalist would probably : * sue russia for soviet occuopation * demand compensation for occupation * demand the pre-wwii borders of estonia back from russia * shut down services in russian language in estonia because it 's not the offical language etc. 
  as you can see , estonia is not doing that , and i would never support that . 
  just because i support a defensive union , of which most european countries are members btw , and also reaction against invasions of european countries , does not mean i am a militant nationalist . 
  i really wonder in what political spectrum would polish current government be in your mind ? 
   i just find it sad that you choose to pointedly ignore the historic precedent i quoted you of the country you choose to forge a military alliance with in the name of supposed `` rights of a small state to sovereignty '' utterly ignore sovereignty of a sovereign state to this very date . 
  oh , please . 
  cuba was an isolated case of a commie-country next to the world 's most powerful capitalist one while we 're in eu and nato , where we have more than enough members sharing our views . 
  even then , we are not asking for fucking nukes here !, 
  your comparison was bad , that 's why i did n't answer . 
   hint : there is a pretty large foreign policy spectrum between `` we lick your boots '' and `` we are ready to try blitzkrieg against you again on a moment 's notice with a help of our big friend here , better be ready '' . 
  normal people generally see it . 
  military supremacists such as yourself do not . 
  the worrying part which i stated was in the fact that you clearly do not see yourself as such in spite of being clearly in the `` either we threaten them or they will overrun us '' state of mind in relation to this issue . 
  where do you take all this ? 
  it 's like directly from moscow propaganda . 
  estonian army is built up only for defence and nato is a defensive alliance , it 's insane to say there are any threats to attack russia . 
  i already said in a previous post that this cold-war-like relations between russia and nato was n't there when we joined . 
  you seem to make it that our very aim is to piss off russia because we are such pesky nationalists . 
  i 'm in no way a military supremacist , because i believe if your country does n't function , no army can keep it safe . 
  i also would n't support raising defence costs above the nato-required 2 % , especially for a tiny country like estonia . 
  ( meanwhile russia spends like 5 % or even more in the coming years ) . 
   it 's unfortunate that instead of reconciliation , estonia appears to have gone towards full blown societal conflict instead . 
  it looks like that very thing that everyone from eu commission at the time to our own foreign minister was warning you about came to be . 
  full blown societal conflict ? 
  i 'm sorry what ? 
  did n't you just claim estonia has been making progress on integration issues ? 
  and what was that your genious foreign minister warned about ? 
  because they surely had extremely naive views on russia and mistakenly built very close business ties with russia , only to suffer now as a consequence . 
  the results seem to be categorized in groups with very tiny differences , so i do n't think you can actually say anything meaningful about the map . 
  estonia more developed than japan ? 
  i think this distorts the reality a lot as we do n't really shine in equality either . 
   russians react rather badly to things like moving memorials of the war which cost them so much . 
  well , you see , it was an occupation monument for estonians which was relocated from city centre to a cemetery . 
  meanwhile , russian propaganda managed to spin that into `` destroying the liberators ' monument '' . 
  if you seriously think we ca n't even ** move ** monuments in our own capital , i just have to say that your appeasement policies towards large countries are not strategic thinking at this point , they 're outright submissive bootlicking . 
  also , why are you bringing out this swedish-finnish rivalry/opposition ? 
  do n't you know that i am aware of that ? 
  we 've also had similar thing with germans , for example . 
   overall , i do n't think i can reach you . 
  you appear too far gone in your nationalist convictions of hardline military supremacy as the best guarantor of security and complete lack of tolerance for dissenting opinions . 
  jesus , i am a nationalist and hardline military supremacist ? 
  just because i do n't support appeasement policies and i support nato ? 
  and i ca n't understand by what means are we `` spitting in the face of russia '' , try to `` oppose everything russia does '' ? 
  really , please tell me . 
  oh , and i completely lack tolerance for different opinions ? 
  you 've already labelled me as an extremist nationalist and then complain that it 's me who ca n't accept other views . 
  and finally , yes we have different views on the issue . 
  i say that if world was full of people like you , we 'd live in a fucking horrible world , where small countries would n't either exist or would be as purely buffer entities to play for bigger ones . 
  i still feel you 're incredibly one-sided here . 
  why do you count our actions as `` opposing everything russia does '' ? 
  it 's an international reacton against invasion of sovereign countries !, 
  and moving us troops and weaponry into baltics is a direct result of putin 's annexation of crimea . 
  meanwhile , i brought you an example how russia imposes trade blockade on us even for internal politics ( such as relocating a soviet monument ) . 
  you do n't seem to be bothered by that . 
  maybe in your world view , russia can do that , because they 're big and strong , unlike estonia . 
  maybe i 'm too idealistic to think that respect should be mutual , but do you see any other countries that are constantly shat on and are happy with that ? 
  because i ca n't . 
  in fact , i see other russia 's neighbours reacting a lot more aggressively , such as in the case of ukraine . 
  i also brought a lot of examples why we do n't have good examples with russia . 
  and it 's not just us russia has problems with , it 's currently most of their western neighbours . 
  you may not agree , but i 'm saying it 's their own attitude creating problems , not ours . 
  apart from some nationalists , i do n't see estonia 's attitude as russophobic in any way . 
  i also refuse to accept that term in a country where russian church is right next to our parliament and russian theatre right next to our freedom square . 
  it has nothing to do with russia and everything to do with putin 's regime . 
  what else ? 
  comparing swedes in finland and russians in estonia ? 
  i 'm sorry to say , but their situations are so different they 're uncomparable . 
  you have a nation that has lived there for centuries , has developed their own identity and very importantly , shares largely the same values with finns . 
  that 's not even remotely the case with russians in estonia . 
  also , swedish has dominated finland for a long long time , while in estonia , the same position would be actually held by german , and not russian . 
  finally , sanctions are harmful for both sides alright , as are generally any artifical blocks to international trade , but considering russia 's behaviour , it has its positive sides . 
  it sharply cuts european-russian trade , lowering europe 's dependance on russia , and giving more room to react to aggression . 
  there 's the problem that many europeans have been living at the expense of future as their generous but unsustainable welfare systems have grown more than the economy and demographics would allow . 
  this is already feeling today as the current youth must work considerably more than their parents did to get their own house , for example , not to mention the sky-high youth unemployment in many european countries . 
  for us in estonia , we did n't really have those generous times for comparison and unemployment is not that much of an issue either currently , so we ca n't really feel the same , but i can imagine the frustration where this is a thing , and the constant pressure for changes as a result . 
  so the situation stays exactly the same for them : it was history , does n't matter anymore , the people there are not responsible , so you 'll have no say here .
