  people have right to protest and change course for their country . 
  legally , of course . 
   we do n't distinguish political and military invasion . 
  that 's the problem . 
  if you could inspire people of other countries - just by being a role model , or offering some great deals , like eu does - to change their country 's course , you would be a great global player . 
  and others could n't react violently to this , they 'd have to offer better deals . 
  soft power is always better than violence . 
   or you will become ` kurds ' . 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
   but russians lives better than ever before , what have changed for us recentrly - we lost our trust to eu , and it 's up to you folks , to gain it back we do n't care at this point . 
  russia acts like some fucking spoilt brat or offended teenager . 
  everytime it gets into conflict with west , it 's again the same old `` bad evil west always hated us , want to see on our knees '' and yes , the population buys that . 
  absolutely always are others to blame . 
  your comment is proof of that . 
  this is your country , we do n't have to teach you anything . 
  if you do n't want to get along with the west , that 's it . 
  if you believe all the shit that 's feeded to you by kremlin 's media , that 's your problem . 
  we do n't owe you anything , and we have n't had any secret plans to destroy you . 
  the response for invasion of ukraine was necessary . 
  if you ca n't stand that you actually must not invade neighbours , we really ca n't get along . 
  ever . 
  polish government is still treating most of its emigrants as part of poland 's population . 
  i believe their population is lower than the numbers show , but they 're definitely one of the best performing countries in europe economy-wise , so i do n't think it 's drastically off . 
  ukraine 's population is very likely below 40 million at this point , considering it 's in a military conflict , its economy is in the toilet and future perspective is n't very bright . 
  the country 's living standards are strongly below those in eu and also those of russia . 
  only moldova is worse at this point . 
  a lot of people have probably and are still running off to both . 
  moldova has had a census recently and it 's probably the fastest emptying country in europe , and also one of the fastest in the world . 
  they should release the results later this year . 
  belarus keeps reporting an increasing population , while also saying number of jobs has continuously decreased the past 5 years . 
  in total , by about 0.3 million . 
  the average net wage is less than 300 $ . 
  does n't add up in my opinion . 
  several eastern european countries are either being very optimistic , are bad at keeping statistics or outright lie about their population . 
   i do n't get this mentality with eastern europe , where it 's like ` if you do n't hold on to us tight we 'll run off to russia ' . 
  i mean , i just do n't think that 's going to happen . 
  maybe not , but i would n't be sure . 
  not run to russia , but russia running here , though . 
  have you looked at where baltics are located ? 
  i mean , an american politician said estonia is basically a suburb of st. petersburg and despite being politically wrong , geographically , they 've got a point . 
  we 're that close to their most populated areas . 
  estonia 's easternmost town of narva , 95 % russian-speaking , is closer to st. petersburg , a 5 + million russian city , than to tallinn , the 0.4 million capital of estonia . 
  it 's not that unrealistic to think of an ` oppressed minority ' story and returning to glorious motherland there , especially considering they had separatism attempts in 1990s . 
  even the fact that narva is the eastern extreme of estonian ancient * virumaa * would n't help , because crimea was not historically russian , nor even russian-populated either and actually became part of russian even later than estonia . 
  eu is a blessing for us , and one of the pillars together with nato that have avoided anything similar to georgia 's - moldova 's - ukraine 's situation here . 
  do n't think we 're in some other universe than them . 
  ukraine actually has a better geography ( infrastructure and security-wise ) , they 've got long borders with central europe , while we 're basically sandwiched between russia and baltic sea . 
  also , we 're just so fucking small and uninfluential . 
   ok , so regarding those massaged eurostat data : the only factual evidence you mentioned is that estonia has a higher homicide rate . 
  now i am perfectly sure this is almost exclusively domestic violence ( but i would encourage any estonian to step in and educate us about these matters ) . 
  indeed , homicides in estonia are almost exclusively cases of domestic violence . 
  still , baltics truly are the worst in eu in this case , but you 've got to look where they come from . 
  it 's horrible in most of post-soviet countries , for example , russia 's homicide rate is three times that of estonia . 
  also , when comparing to the 90s , the rate has [ come down a lot ] ( http://puu.sh/onyuo/6bf76b1ced.png ) , and by a lot in estonia , i mean it has become up to 10 times smaller . 
  just to give you the picture of painful transition period post-soviet countries had . 
  yes , this is an important factor . 
  the talks were aimed to finish before us presidential elections and now it 's clear they wo n't be . 
  so even if there 's still a will on both sides to carry on and if they found an agreement on everything , it would likely take few years before the deal could be reached . 
  it 's to the west aswell , especially in recent years when moldovans got visa-freedom to eu and russia 's economy has gone down and ruble buying you much less than before . 
  i read the poster 's comments and they are not objective in any way . 
  he 's trying to post tons of `` proofs '' how russia has done everything right and nato/eu everything wrong and usa is the evil mastermind behind that all . 
  starting from the fact that russia is oh so stronk economy that does n't suffer at all from sanctions from its largest trade partner , while countries like spain , which are very far from russia and afaik , import their resources from north africa , somehow deeply suffer . 
  then we have the typical russia propaganda , yada yada nato is an agressor , broke agreements , ukraine nazi , wanted to ban russian language/culture etc. 
  ending with how eu ` does n't want sanctions at all ' . 
  yeah , maybe some central europeans do n't , but we here are very worried about russia invading and annexing territories of its neighbours , which seems to becoming a trend . 
  not to mention that they might not care about ukraine and think russia is ` right in many ways ' while we here know exactly how russia thinks and how chauvinism , agression and `` we are totally a big player in the world too , like usa '' - need often comes before human dignity , saving lives or cooperation . 
  also , we share some `` guilts '' of ukraine , aka having a russian minority and not doing with them what kremlin demands . 
  cars would still be able to pass through , they 'd just have to use shuttle trains , [ like in channel tunnel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurotunnel_shuttle ) . 
  in current ferries , additional passengers in cars still have to pay for tickets , i assume it is the same in channel tunnel . 
  i 'm pretty sure tallinn-helsinki tunnel would n't be a car tunnel , but a train tunnel . 
  the longest road tunnel in the world is 24,5 km and longest train tunnel is 57km and longest metro tunnel 60km . 
  i 'm pretty sure tallinn-helsinki as the longest tunnel in the world would not be allowed to be driveable , as that would be too dangerous . 
  / s on a serious note , are n't you already building skyscrapers , or well , high-rises to be precise , in kalasatama for example ? 
   a normal boat ticket is around 80 euro , but since this route will be faster you can charge a bit more . 
  let 's say 100 euro , which means you need 1370 passengers every day who are willing to pay 100 euro 's to go from talinn to helsinki or the other way around . 
  1370 passengers a day would end up with just 0.5 million a year . 
  you know what ? 
  over 8 million passengers use just ferries every year to cross over . 
  so 1370 passengers a day using the tunnel is a very pessimistic , even unrealistically low number . 
  it would be at least 10 times higher . 
  but true , 80 $ is too expensive for a ferry ride today . 
  you would pay that only with a car in a busy period . 
  for a normal passenger in a normal day , 30 $ for one way is normal . 
  our economies also tend to rise ( and more so than prices ) , and technology tends to advance . 
  time usually helps with those things . 
  unemployment and labour shortage can co-exist , and it seems to be a very real problem in many european countries nowadays . 
  helsinki in particular has a bigger labour shortage than finland in general . 
  i 'm also pretty sure if there was a tunnel tomorrow , a lot of tallinners would start considering working for 3x higher wages for just a 60 minute extra ride ( 30min + 30min ) . 
  i 'd agree with / u/tomkiisk here , consumer spending would n't compensate the value added by work + taxes left in finland . 
  plus , it 's quite clear they 'd also spend some in helsinki . 
  i 'd wait for what these studies say . 
  $ 10 billion is of course a gigantic sum , but if you think of it as the last step of rail baltic and consider also the aid of eu , it might not be that unrealistic . 
  remember , we 're talking about 2030 + here . 
  the higher wages/prices of helsinki would benefit them by attracting quite a lot of additonal workforce , while tallinn could lose them . 
  it 's not only negative for them . 
  and they say people are the most valuable resource there is . 
  tallinn-helsinki tunnel should be directly connecting a city to a city , creating a twin city . 
  that means people could live in one and commute into other for work daily , if necessary . 
  that 's what should make it feasible . 
  if it would be channel tunnel style long distance travel , it would n't work and be feasible , as populations are just so much smaller than in uk-france .
