  getting you from tallinn to tartu costs so much taxpayer money that it would be cheaper to put you to car ( alone ) and send you to tartu via car . 
  then back to tallinn and then again . 
  you 're wrong about that . 
  railway is much cheaper . 
  it 's just passenger train operator must pay for usage of rails , but you do not pay directly for roads , now do you ? 
  railways need much less repairing than roads , are safer , shorter ( more direct ) and last much-much longer . 
   this is how `` cheap '' railway is . 
  you only see the ticket cost . 
  someone has to pay the bill . 
  and as an addition to the previous paragraph , railways are more cost-efficient for the state - electric trains use domestic energy and diesel trains use much less oil than cars ( or even buses ) . 
  we have to import much less foreign energy . 
   transport what exactly ? 
  phosphorite ? 
  so we will have all the pollution and some oligarch has all the profit ? 
  what ? 
  why do you think the only thing transportable by trains are natural resources ? 
  just because that 's the only thing coming from russia , does n't mean it is the only option available . 
   it is also most expensive transport we have . 
  no other transport gets so huge cut from budget . 
  that 's completely wrong . 
  rail transport has been so far very profitable for estonia . 
  eesti raudtee used to earn huge sums from russian transits , and that money was used to repair tracks etc , but also to pay huge taxes to the state . 
  passenger transport is subsidied practically everywhere , but that does n't mean it 's expensive . 
  the state just taxes railways a lot . 
   we ca n't . 
  no matter if we have railroad or not . 
  there are bigger more fundamental things wrong in eu that would prevent that catch up forever . 
  things such as ... ? 
  ireland is one of examples how a relatively poor country not only caught up its wealthy neighbours , but has become very wealthy aswell ( despite the crisis , which they 've now overcome ) . 
   it is also long term money out from our taxpayer pocket . 
  every ticket bought actually costs taxpayer unreasonable amount of money . 
  are you talking about elron here or rail baltic ? 
  the names are very confusing . 
  in estonia , the project connecting all baltics with european gauge is called rail baltic , there 's no rbi or rbii . 
  in lithuania , they have some ` rail baltic i ' which connects kaunas to poland . 
  why such name if it only covers lithuania ? 
  the kaunas-poland link currently under construction is not part of rail baltic ii . 
  it is only single gauge and with top speed of 160 km/h , whereas rbii is dual-gauge , 240km/h and electrified . 
  i do n't get it why so many estonians are so sceptic about this . 
  rail baltic is not a direct profit project , otherwise , some private companies would be at least considering it . 
  if you take a look at european railway map , baltics are isolated . 
  we are the only non-island eu countries not to have railway connection with rest of europe . 
  so the project would connect us with europe . 
  moreover , as freight from the east continues to plunge and russia has most likely decided to stop using baltic ports for political reasons , rail baltic would be a great alternative connecting trustworthy and friendly countries and transit trade would at least have something solid to bounce back on . 
  aviation and maritime transport is getting more and more expensive , partly due to fuel price , partly due to eu environmental conditions . 
  the same applies , to a lesser extent , to roads aswell . 
  railway is the most environmentally-friendly transport we have , it 's also a very long-term investment . 
  sure , the project needs to be viable and fit to us , but really 240km/h is not something extraordinary , it is n't even considered a proper high-speed in most countries . 
  i can not imagine how baltics would ever catch up with eu average if we ca n't even build such infrastructure . 
  sure , western europe , where 300 + km/h is already reality today , is much more densely populated , but then again , nordics are even more sparsely populated than baltics , yet 200km/h is everyday there and 250km/h is already planned . 
  i would n't say that rail baltic is not realistic , it very much is , and yet it is also ambitious enough to considerably benefit our economies . 
  no sources , no idea what the asterisk means , questionable data ( last time estonia 's fertility rate was below 1.4 , was in 2003 ) . 
  overally , not a great map . 
  [ official moscow version of the events ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwlkilxbghg ), 
  that is really offensive , to be honest . 
  russians being statistically bigger criminals is not something unique for the nation , it 's just most of them feel like living in a foreign country , so they just care less . 
  it 's also why immigrants in sweden , for example , are statistically bigger criminals . 
  sure , i do n't like russians ' current way of thinking either , even less that baltic russians live mentally in russia . 
  still , i 'm quite sure hating wo n't improve the situation . 
  oh , and the hints towards looks and the language is just insulting . 
  well , the data is also from 2012 , which is 2 years ago , and iceland has performed favorably since then , possibly reducing the rate even more . 
  estonian football team has a swedish manager aswell . 
  a new export article of sweden ? 
  i 've always wondered how they measure that . 
  estonians ' salaries are about 40 % higher than in lithuania and the state budget is almost the same size ( despite pop . 
  of 1.3 m vs 3.0 m ) , yet we consume considerably less according to eurostat . 
  unfortunately , eu is unable to do anything reasonable about it . 
  uk has historically been and continues to be rather euro-sceptic and it 's easy to use such sentiments for cheap popularity . 
  if not this # 1.7 b bill , it would have just been something else . 
  do brits remember the uk rebate , after which uk contributes even less than crisis struck italy ? 
  of course not . 
  do they know that eu budget is less than 1 % of eu 's gdp , meaning the effect on richer states ' economy is only marginal ? 
  does n't matter , those evil eu bureaucrates are making us pay billions , completely out of blue * * terms and conditions apply, 
  it 's currently expensive for those not agreeing with russian politics , eg poland and cheap for mainly wealthy westerners , eg germans . 
  that 's a very unsustainable way for eu , both in terms of security ( as some members ' interests are basically sold for cheap gas ) and inequality , which in turn creates the problem of immigration in the west and emigration in the east . 
  eu buying gas a single entity is a must . 
  `` let 's build a nuclear power plant , spending only like 1 billion euros , and then ask if we should use it at all '' . 
  sounds totally reasonable . 
  i 'm quite sure the word came from german , as most of the names of ( newer ) tools in estonian did . 
  ligi was definitely stupid to blame the immigrant background of ossinovski as the man has been to estonian school and speaks the language perfectly ( he got a result of 99 % in the language test ) . 
  i have n't noticed him having any pro-kremlin or anti-estonian rhetorics either . 
  however , the story is not so one-sided . 
  ossinvoski himself said some crispy words to ligi back in february , something about ligi reminding him a ` teenage punk with napoleon complexes ' . 
  so the whole story seems to be more about a personal conflict , rather than immigration or ethnicity based attacks . 
  okay , you did n't get what i meant . 
  he just said that * this subreddit has a hard-on for hating everything russian * , whereas that 's not true at all . 
  sure , russia is bashed quite a lot recently , but these are always related to putin , crimea , ukraine , soviet occupation , politics etc. 
  history , culture , science , humour etc are exactly the topics that do get approved by other europeans , it 's just these topics are not often discussed . 
  or do you have any examples to prove otherwise ? 
  because i surely ca n't see russian space programs , pushkin , tchaikovsy or those new uber-modern trams that russia plans to produce being bashed or criticized just because they 're russian . 
  making up a story how everybody randomly hates everything russian ( because why would anybody randomly hate anything ?! ), 
  is just wrong and disturbing . 
  this is coming from a country , where 25 % of the population is russian-speaking . 
  i think i 'd have committed suicide by now if i hated everything russian . 
  or ... why could n't our time zones be according to the sunlight , as close to the ` natural ' time as possible ( full hour , of course ) ? 
  that 'd mean just spain , france and the benelux switching to gmt ( and iceland to gmt -1 ) . 
  we 'd still have just 3 time zones ( 4 with iceland ) . 
   pretending that the soviet union was allied to nazi germany at any point is just blatant historical revisionism and purposeful misinterpretation and oversimplification . 
  ** i know this subreddit has a hard-on for hating everything russian , but fuck you . 
  ** after your last sentence , i 'd put you in the category of calling everyone russophobes for not loving putin .
