  it 's more of a tough competition . 
  meanwhile , it 's almost economic warfare with russia . 
  china puts its economic relations mostly first , so that 's not such a big problem with them . 
  what is more , china is just too big to ignore . 
   they 're honestly worse than russia . 
  they 're not to us . 
  they do n't invade european countries , they do n't have mass propaganda against unified europe etc. 
  the thing is that the kremlin can easily damage its own citizens ' living standards if it finds that necessary , they just blame it all on the west . 
  that 's not possible here . 
  so i would n't really rush to cooperate with them believing they share the same values . 
  they clearly do n't . 
  ukraine was tilting between west and russia for a long time already , just look at the orange revolution in 2004 . 
  in fact , if you look at ukraine 's location ( and history ) , you can kinda understand why the western parts at least feel strongly european . 
  if you add the comparison how well poland has had it with their economy and how bad ukraine in the past decades , it 's not rocket science to figure it out that ukrainians would rather take the path to eu than stay on the former path of stagnation . 
  now that so many people in west believe it was some us coup is just ridiculous . 
  yes , they did support opposition . 
  the west does it in many places , for example , [ belarusian opposition ] ( http://www.charter97.org/en/news/ ) is supported by estonia , lithuania , poland , netherlands , canada and norway among others . 
  does it mean we 'd have any power or even will to have a coup there ? 
  but you bet if belarusians ever threw over lukashenka , it 'd be portrayed by kremlin as evil west meddling again . 
  i think it 's much better than [ european court of human rights ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/ac/european_court_of_human_rights.jpg ) . 
  even industrial buildings look better . 
  all those evil finno-ugric tribes must have been vicious indeed . 
  ca n't even imagine if any of them had their own country , what savage places these would be . 
   what is your point ? 
  that you 're using the word ` defend ' in a very wrong way . 
  something russian propagnda likes to do . 
  instead of semantics , maybe you 'd then explain what do you mean by defending one 's sphere of influence . 
  if invading ukraine was doing that , you have proven my point . 
   care to explain when did i say that shit ? 
  [ ... ] especially near their borders and ** defend ** their sphere of influence with whatever they can . 
  russia and ukraine have had both good weather and a sharp drop in currency value , making exports competitive . 
  it 's just agriculture usually does n't make you rich these days . 
   defend their sphere of influence with whatever they can you mean attack foreign countries because they do n't want to be controlled by russia ? 
  are we back to the eternal story of russia always protecting itself ? 
  how it protected itself to become the world 's largest country and such ? 
  you should attack arguments of / u/kinmix , not their origin or even general views . 
  i do n't agree with many of his/her opinions , but the argumentation is usually there . 
  i do n't think most russians are oppressing latvians . 
  it 's not the language to blame , it 's the ones exploiting that . 
  at the same time , many new members are worryingly dependent on eu funds . 
  the economic cycles have partly even formed around the period of fund distribution . 
   i hate russia and its language that 's not healthy , though . 
   he fears that countries , who are in the buffer zone , which has been agreed upon after the cold war , might join nato as well , which is something that has happened in the past i 'm pretty sure these countries do not accept that they 're some kind of a buffer zone for others and it 's definitely not in the eu 's interests to have the continent split . 
  and if russia pushes for the latter , it 's effectively against eu . 
   it 's better to have a general worldwide view than a close-minded view of only the eu . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive and i really do n't see how you could have a wide general knowledge without even knowing your own region . 
   and in any case we 're talking about flags here . 
  arbitrary colors and patterns picked by countries . 
  it 's as irrelevant as national anthems . 
  learning capitals is more important , they 're actual places at least . 
  that 's not true . 
  you can see flags anywhere from different institutions to people waving them to them being used for symbolizing the country ( one example being / r/europe ) or language . 
  national anthem is generally not known or used by people outside the country . 
   edit : and btw , according to google maps , driving from my hometown to talinn is 2815km . 
  yeah , i just took border to border . 
   both countries are thousands of kilometers away . 
  even by roads , it 's less than 2000 km . 
  not * that * far . 
  and the countries are both in schengen , so there 's not even border control . 
   why would it be more useful to your life to know the flags of countries that are in the eu and nato ? 
  i think it 's obvious you should know your allies and partners better than others . 
  if you 're not into politics , economics or international relations , it 's not indeed too useful ( mainly when it 's used to symbolize the country like in competitions etc ) , but otherwise , it 's a very general knowledge to discuss the topics . 
  like knowing where the country itself is situated and what 's the capital . 
  we 're both in the eu & nato , so i think it kinda is . 
  i do n't see the point in continuining this since i 'm not getting any reasonable explanations to my comments and questions . 
  the only thing i 'm finding out are yet additional psychological and mental issues you have diagnosed for me , which i really do n't care about . 
  whatever your opinion of this is , the actions were in no way extreme or even revanchist . 
  there are huge political disagreements between estonia and russia , with tartu peace treaty being one of them . 
  as it 's considered one of the most important documents for estonia , there are logically a lot of people here that insist on it being emphasized as valid . 
  it 's not a historic agreement in sense of something just from history , as you claim . 
  there are no territorial claims from estonian side and both sides know it very well . 
  it 's even funny you try to portrait estonia as the unreasonable side here considering it 's russia that 's currently dedrawing post-soviet borders with their courts declaring ussr inner border changes invalid ( ironically , i 've read that russia annexed estonian border regions through similar mechanism as ukraine was given crimea - therefore , if we were really revanchist , we would currently be demanding those regions back ) . 
   revanchist agenda currently prevalent in your country why do you even comment on those things . 
  all those actions , including insitsting on tartu peace treaty , has been an integral part of republic of estonia ever since the treaty was signed . 
  it was so in 1938 , 1992 and it is now , in 2016 , still like that . 
  it 's not revanchist , it 's not an agenda . 
  it 's a birth certificate of our country and it will not change , and as a representative of a younger generation , i can assure you that . 
  i have n't said anything about controversy . 
  just said that those two examples were bad as they would not be in favour of russian bases . 
  cuba has seen warming up to us and is having growth in tourism and investments . 
  i do n't see them trading that for some regional power 's dream of historical superpower . 
  in the case of vietnam , china has become their main rival . 
  russia might back them up , of course , but what do you think that country would become if it alienated west and china at once ? 
  not happening . 
   that was actually the parliament adding these demands after it was signed by both respective governments . 
  yes , it was . 
  because from estonian side , the tartu peace treaty is still in force ( it 's mentioned in the current constitution ) , they just added a comment that the new border treaty is changing the border mentioned in tartu peace treaty . 
  of course , this did n't suit russia . 
  but from our perspective , completely normal . 
   thank you for agreeing that your parliament is revanchist . 
  you may want to look up that word - you do n't appear to realise you just agreed with me . 
  i do n't need to look it up , thank you . 
  and no , i do not agree that the parliament is revanchist . 
  in what way would that be ? 
  you could say they were trying to make russia to recognize tartu peace treaty , but it was also for domestic audience to show that estonia 's constitution is followed ( they also argued whether such a treaty was constitutional ) . 
   yes , so convenient that they were convinced to stop the war once they got the buffer zone they wanted , both times . 
  they had quite heavy casualties , so stopping with the buffer zone seemed logical allright . 
  i 'm sure they 'd have taken all of finland if given the possibility , though . 
   you could start by having your rada if you meant parliament of estonia , it 's called * riigikogu * . 
  * rada * is in ukraine , afaik .
