  only now when he realized russia is so much weaker and poorer than eu , and will stay such , he has moved to warm relations with eu . 
  but the thing is , belarus is so attached to russia now that fewer sanctions and more trade is basically the best he can get . 
  eu association like with ukraine would never be allowed by putin . 
   where did i say belarus want bad relations with eu ? 
  oh , so you think weak and divided europe is good for belarus and yet you do n't want bad relations with eu ? 
  you stand against the basic values of eu . 
   your problem is that you do n't know deep our relations are , you do n't know that nato considered as main military threat here , that we are n't going to leave union state , or cis , or eau . 
  of course you are n't . 
  even if the population 's mood changed one day ( and if russia stays in crisis for years , that 's not hard to imagine ) , putin just would n't allow it . 
  i 'm talking about you and people that have same views as you . 
  i mean , i 've never seen you criticising russia , but you sure do constantly manage to say how evil and dangerous are eu and west . 
  i mean , you act in the interests of moscow , not of minsk . 
  people like you are called 5th column here . 
  belarus would n't want bad relations with eu , even if it perceived eu as hostile towards russia . 
  it 's the world 's largest economy , three of your neighbours are its members and even ukraine is striving for it . 
  why would you opt for an aggressive country which economy is based on natural resources instead ? 
  fortunately , even lukashenko is saner than you . 
  nope , you in particular support putin 's russia in everything , no matter how much belarus suffers from it . 
  russia is currently dragging belarusian economy down into recession , but hey , you still support its policies , because our life is about land-grabbing and ( thinking that you are ) glorious , not life quality or human achievements , right ? 
  for pro-putin russia 's puppet belarus that you seem to support . 
  for some other belarusians , eu membership might be one of their goals . 
  and then most are those that would want a strong and wealthy eu and a strong and wealthy russia at the same time , with good cooperation between them . 
   that your country is dying and there is no way to stop it ? 
  it 's ageing , not dying . 
  i understand you need to jerk off of other countries ' problems as russia is doing economically horribly right now , but russia will also enter permanent decline in a few decades . 
  it happens even if russia manages to push its fertility rate above 2 , because of 90s demographics . 
  oh , and there 's of course a solution to this - immigration . 
  the question is if we prefer that or not . 
  soviet era experience has given rather negative feelings in this . 
  i 'm afraid it 's more that they are poor . 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  i do n't even remember how many hours i 've laughed at this . 
  this is just gold . 
  according to that , total wealth of lithuania is bigger than that of whole ukraine . 
  belarus ' total just 1/3 of estonia 's . 
  there 's really no other viable way for estonians . 
  i mean estonian is spoken by about 1 million people in the world . 
  how far will that get you ? 
  for such a tiny country that relies heavily on foreign trade , investments , tourism , international relations etc , english is basically obligatory . 
  that does n't mean our language would die , i mean , we still use our own language as the native one , for basically every interaction in our own country , even the smartphones are in estonian . 
  but once in a while , i want and need to communicate with foreigners , with someone outside of this 1.3 million toad pond as we say . 
  tibla is just an offensive word for russians , derived from \u0442\u044b , \u0431\u043b\u044f ( \u0442\u044c ) . 
  you can comfort yourselves in the fact that prague is cheaper than tallinn , so real wages are higher in cz than in ee . 
  aka , you still are the leader of former soviet bloc . 
  well , i like to believe being calm has been useful for us in the past , for example , when the soviet union was crumbling and moscow tried to look for any excuse to `` restore order '' . 
  they did n't find any and estonia managed to ditch them with no casualties . 
  although sometimes i wonder how we can tolerate things like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg8329uikcw ) in our own capital . 
  looking at the video , i get the irresistible willingness to punch one of those `` oppressed minorities '' in the face , put them on a train and send them off to moscow . 
  then again , it would probably be better to let police do their job and not start ethnic clashes there . 
  i 'm sorry but this comment is so ignorant it hurts . 
  ukrainians and russians are even more similar and yet look at their relations . 
  and basing your view of a country 's education system on one fictional movie ( nothing similar has actually happened in estonia ) is just ... not worth commenting . 
  but maybe you just forgot an / s ? 
  looking at historical maps , you guys seem to have just sat there all the time , without even an inch of your border shifting in centuries . 
   but it 's thanks to the existence of the russian minority that we have such high numbers of homicide . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  firstly , it 's not purely their existence that causes this . 
  it 's a combination of their numbers , their location ( living in high density , but often poor areas ) , feeling of not belonging here etc. 
  secondly , lithuania , which does n't have comparably sizeable minorities still ranks as bad as we do . 
  so if we did n't have russians , potentially some estonians would take place of their status instead . 
  although homogenous societies do tend to be more peaceful , that 's true . 
  skin colour does n't matter here , it 's different cultures . 
  estonians and russians might be neighbouring nations and even look similar , but they are linguistically/culturally/religiously / politically quite different . 
   that 's quite frankly are consequences of the failed integration policy , is n't it ? 
  in a large part , yes . 
  people that feel disconnected from the country are more easily to commit crimes . 
  i mean , you would n't kill your own countrymen , rob from your loved hometown etc. 
  another factor is that worse socio-economic conditions create a better soil for crimes . 
   therefore it 's not quite fair to blame only those people themselves for that kind of situation . 
  true . 
  but it 's not russians as a whole that did this , but criminals that are of russian nationality . 
  well , i do n't approve of blaming russians here , but out of lifetime prisoners ( aka the worst criminals ) in estonia , 2/3 have russian names . 
  it 's also a well-known fact that russian language dominates in estonian prisons . 
  these facts should n't be used to blame a whole nationality , but they do give some information about the society . 
  baltics have the highest homicide rates in eu , but they 've actually come down a lot in the past two decades . 
  for example , estonia had 3 times fewer intentional homicides in 2015 compared to 2005 . 
  permanent quota system would be compared to soviet colonization here , it would possibly topple the government . 
  germany pushing for this policy is extremely destructive for europe , hopefully they 'll stay in isolation on this question . 
  are you pretending to be an idiot here ? 
  if we expected a war , we 'd be buying up goods , many would be packing their bags , the companies would be relocating to another eu country , we 'd have emergency situations etc. 
  this is just a reaction to russia 's aggression , it 's both for security ( let 's be honest , baltics are located in a very shitty place geographically when it comes to defence , super easy to invade for russia ) and political reasons - just showing that we wo n't stand idle when russia thinks it can land-grab and mess with its neighbours . 
  that russia 's position will become worse by invading , not better . 
  according to both my own experience and tripadvisor , it 's certainly [ lennusadam / seaplane harbour ] ( http://www.tripadvisor.com/attraction_review-g274958-d3214593-reviews-lennusadam_seaplane_harbour-tallinn_harju_county.html ) in tallinn . 
  i 've been there 3 times and plan some more visits in the future . 
  it 's actually a maritime museum , but the name comes from its original function . 
  the main building was built by a danish company during last years of russian empire , but completed only in 1930s . 
  it was in a very bad shape until restoration in 2011 and since then has definitely been the best museum in estonia . 
  it 's actually a whole port complex and there are ships outside to visit aswell . 
  you can easily spend hours there and even then , you 'll still miss something . 
  there are also changing exhibitions , so revisiting is not an issue . 
  if you 're in tallinn , certainly go there , you wo n't regret . 
  well , basically all those soviet-era industrial towns in ida-virumaa have never been great for sightseeing , combined with economic decline there , they 're even worse now . 
  but out of the historical towns of estonia , [ j\u00f5geva ] ( http://timo.sebra.ee/i.php?/000/128/dji00988,large.1432982806.jpg ) looks quite crap for me . 
  sorry , but we 're not going to ditch nordics for the former eastern bloc , it just would n't make sense . 
  share of selected countries in estonia 's export this year : nordics ( fi+se+no+dk ) : 42 % latvia + lithuania + poland : 18 % russia : 7 % germany : 5 % not to mention the tens of thousands of estonians working in finland , the tourist and investment flow from there etc. 
  oliver kruuda is just an idiot . 
  he has managed to bankrupt most of the businesses he has lead , he 's a shitty businessman . 
  remember kalev ? 
  the company improved almost instantly after being sold to norwegians . 
  agreed .
