  which is why i 'm not really going to say no to some extra deterrence . 
  we are clearly the most vulnerable part of nato , it makes sense to have some forces here . 
  and the fact that we happen to be close to russia is not a reason not to have it , we care about * our * security , not theirs . 
   seriously ? 
  that 's exactly the same justification as is done by all racists and nationalists : `` it 's not all black people , look morgan freemen is alright ... '' . 
  that 's what discrimination is , a policy which disproportionally affects a certain part of population ... 
  so because most of soviet migrants were russians , it is somehow ethnic discrimination if you treat them differently ? 
  the different treatment is not because of their ethnicity , but because of their foreign background . 
  it 's not our fault they were mostly russians !, 
   wow , such generosity , you take their taxes and actually spend a portion of it on something they need ??? 
  do they ? 
  i 'd argue that if they were forced to learn in local language and could actually study along with estonian/latvian-speakers in same cities , same buildings , same rooms , the reproduction of segregated societies would end , they would integrate and we would have much * less * problems . 
  beneficial for both sides . 
   for estonia ? 
  sign a bloody border treaty . 
  there is nothing to even negotiate there anymore ... you do n't do it just out of spite ... 
  it 's signed . 
  estonia is waiting for russia 's ratification before ratifying it itself . 
   first you say that discrimination by ethnicity is bad , and they you say that it was necessary and justified . 
  so clearly you understand where the oppression is happening . 
  wait , what ? 
  citizenship was given based on whether your family had lived here before occupation , not based on ethnicity . 
  that obviously meant majority of russians did not get citizenship , but there were many russians that had lived here before occupation and got automatically aswell . 
   i feel like you 've made a typo somewhere here , but i 'm not sure where exactly what i meant is that we would have no direct obligation from our constitution to have to continue to give public education in russian language . 
  it could have very well been instantly turned into fully estonian language . 
   now move a bit of this pragmatism into you foreign policy ... you are free to suggest some of those pragmatic moves . 
  realistic ones , preferably . 
   those people most of whom were born in estonia , did n't have a choice of where they were born . 
  they just ended up living in a different country by no fault of their own . 
  i fully understand , which is why ethnic discrimination being unconstitutional is necessary . 
  i also agree that soviet migrants not getting citizenship automatically , unlike estonians and latvians , was not 100 % fair . 
  i 've argumented over the point a lot . 
  it was a step to force them to learn the language . 
  the alternative would have been up to 1/3 of citizens not understanding the official language , following foreign media and yet deciding over our future . 
  looking at eastern ukraine but also many russians in baltics , i must say such step was justified , considering how many associate themselves with russia instead . 
  the people ca n't be * soviet * anymore . 
  if they feel associated with * russia * , they should pick russian citizenship . 
  if they want to be * estonian/latvian * , they must at least learn the language . 
   just like estonians of 1920s ended up living in ussr , no one asked them if they wanted or not . 
  well , it 's not completely the same . 
  we did n't exactly move to another place . 
  foreign power came here ( against our will ) . 
  meanwhile , it 's not exactly our fault these people came here . 
  they ca n't expect us to change because of them . 
   even their parents probably not just migrated to estonia because estonian ssr was just so great , but because that 's where soviet government told them to go . 
  some probably were just relocated , sure . 
   and now you as a part of the majority oppress them , perhaps not as bad as under stalin ( stalin is a special case of fucked up ) , but at least no-one was non-citizen in ussr ... 
  the non-citizens can easily decide to become citizens . 
  for russian citizenship , it 's rather easy . 
  but i ca n't say having to learn the local language for ee/lv citizenship is some shocking demand . 
  it 's rather common . 
  and still , i do n't see how we oppress russians ( let 's be honest , vast majority of soviet migrants are russians or russian-speakers ) . 
  in fact , our constitution does n't even require to have public schools in russian language . 
  still , they are there . 
  government information is almost always available in russian . 
  just recently , russian was made available for applying in court etc. 
  legally , russian holds no official status whatsoever . 
  in reality , it 's basically # 2 language . 
  that 's pragmatism and is fine for us , as long as you can get by with estonian everywhere and russian is not required from us . 
   no it 's not . 
  and if you try to enforce your nationalistic view of estonia belongs to ethnic estonians then i will fully support russian-estonians who will revolt . 
  oppressing minorities seldom ends well for the oppressors . 
  i have n't said anything about ethnicity here . 
  estonia is a country of estonian citizens . 
  an estonian citizen must speak estonian language , for example . 
  so what are you complaining about here ? 
   again , you are taking a short arbitrary period of time and call it `` history '' . 
  and this is absolutely no different from soviet union recapturing baltic states as `` historical '' lands of russian empire . 
  the only difference is that you chose a bit different time slice for your `` history '' . 
  and if that 's a position you want to take . 
  then russia currently still has a better claim in terms of how long this territory was historically russian empire / soviet union what are you aiming here , really ? 
  we all know estonia has been historically populated by finnic language speaking people ( with minorities , of course ) what is here impossible for you to understand ? 
  we know who are foreign rulers here and who are not . 
  there 's not much arbitrary here for me . 
   in the video i 've linked to putin him self recognises the occupation . 
  what else do you need ? 
  i 've seen that video like 5 times or so . 
  putin makes multiple factual mistakes there ( not that it 's surprising as it 's a lot easier for me to know my country 's history than for a russian to know all of its neighbours ' ) . 
  he thinks estonia appeared on the map by `` russia handing it over to germany '' ( wtf ? 
  ) , but in fact , we fought war of independence for that . 
  then he says germany just gave back it in 1939 . 
  even bigger wtf . 
  he compares soviet occupation to conquers of the past , even though by that time , we had league of nations ( which estonia was a member of ) so such invasion and annexation was already thing of the past etc. 
  he talks about `` becoming part of ussr '' , whereas it was clear-cut occupation of a totalitarian regime with severe repressions . 
  and then it becomes outright ridiculous as he starts blaming estonia and latvia over asking russian-annexed territories back because `` post-soviet borders are holy '' . 
  khmm , until it suits russia ( crimea ) . 
  i do n't recommend spreading that video among estonians , it most likely lowers our opinion of russian politics even more . 
   well latvia is still counting damages , and they can keep counting . 
  of course there will be no reparations . 
  it 's just silly , no one will support such idea , or european nations will have to work for the next century to repay all the reparations to their ex colonies . 
  no problems there for me , we should move on . 
  if you are talking about de-jura , please show me the document confirming it . 
  i on the other hand can show you multiple showing them as soviet citizens . 
  take any of your olympic athletes for example , they all were recognised as soviet athletes by everyone . 
  issuing a paper does n't make it legal . 
  nobody printed them estonian/latvian passports , but they still had citizenship . 
  there 's also a difference in * de jure * and * de facto * . 
  of course people lived as soviet citizens back them , that 's the truth . 
  however , it does n't make occupation legal , nor it annuls their estonian/latvian citizenship . 
   you just took those 2 decades out of the whole history and now treat those 2 decades like nothing else ever existed .
