  however , with such drastically different systems , it 's always problematic to compare them . 
  for example , even if life expectancy is high , poverty low and education on a good level in the soviet-style countries , you 'll still have many more subjective things , such as inferior consumer products and unavailability of foreign goods etc. 
  estonian bank krediidipank was also hit by these as it 's 60 % owned by bank rossiya . 
  not that it 'd have any noticeable impact as it 's an absolute midget here ( ~ 1 % of total commercial bank assets in estonia ) and hopefully , it will pressure russians to sell their share . 
   it 's hard to believe it is . 
  it 's based in russia , where the government tends to control all the media and statistics agencies tends to , but not in this case . 
  besides , how else would they get true information from russia if not in russia itself ? 
   you are saying it like there 's some kind of fair competition in russia and the ruling party is winning in this competition . 
  i 'm not , that 's the thing . 
  in a country of 140 + million , how the hell could you have no real opposition through both boom times and crises ? 
  i was just saying that common fraud is not to blame on this situation , it 's the whole political situation . 
   in fact , opposition candidates are bashed on all the media , killed ( nemtsov ) , convicted ( navalny ) , just intimidated etc. 
  yes , liberal oppositionists are often compared to enemies of russia , 5th column etc and government-controlled media makes sure the current group of ruling party ( the `` sane '' and `` right '' one ) vs never-intending-to-rule opposition ( the extremists and crazies ) stay in the picture . 
  i do n't live in russia , nor have i extensively studied the topic . 
  westerners often criticise them and accuse of fraud , but that 's not even the issue here . 
  levada is an independent polling company , so even if russia had 100 % free and fair elections , these results show the chair of the ruling party would still stand firmly nailed to the ground . 
  i think it would be difficult to rule in russia with massive fraud , so that voting results would end up starkly different from polls . 
  they 're not on western levels in its civil society development , but central asian style dictatorship would not be accepted either . 
  the biggest issue here , however , is , as i said , how united russia does n't have any real competition . 
  nobody 's even close to their popularity and have n't been for over a decade already . 
  furthermore , the two most popular `` opposition '' parties are far-left ( commies ) and far-right ( ldpr ) . 
  this ensure that neither of them could snatch a majority of votes due to their extemist ideology , and also excludes cooperation ( though it 's not rare to see communism and orthodox church , or soviet union and russian empire glorified together in russia nowadays , so i guess it 's not impossible either ) . 
  oh , and also , putin is not a direct player here , presidential elections are different elections . 
  but if his party would lose legislative elections , it would potentially shake his position aswell . 
  but as we know , that 's not going to happen . 
  still at 50 % , while the two parties that follow not only have less than 1/3 of the support of ruling party , but are also parties with extremist views , so they firstly show united russia as a ` level-headed ' one , and secondly , have little chances to cooperate . 
  communists with 15 % and `` liberal-democrats '' ( more like far-rights ) with clown zhirinovsky with 14 % . 
  so , unsurprisingly , absolutely no important changes going to happen , the czar will keep his throne and democracy is still not working . 
   speaking about alcoholism , lithuania actually took first place in the world for alcohol consuption per capita , estonia came 3rd place ; russia 5th . 
  meh , these measurings always give so different results . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ) claims this , for example . 
  i 've also always wondered how precise are the calculations , considering up to 1/3 of alcohol in estonia is sold to finns . 
  i would have given them 0.005 % of my monthly wage and said i expected not to pay any more next month . 
  i still do n't think that would be the best solution . 
  ukraine would lose both crimea and cities of donetsk and luhansk . 
  mind you that there are people from there also pro-ukraine , some maybe even still living there . 
  abandoning them completely and giving them up would give an invitation for russia to start a slow process of integrating them with russia ( which , let 's be honest , has already happened in a way ) , potentially ending with annexation . 
  it would also give a psychologically bad message that ukraine 's territorial integrity can be broken , and not just in crimea . 
  sounds good in theory , but considering russia has direct access to those ` republics ' , all that success of ukraine can be wiped out by sending some ` volunteers ' and ` humanitarian aid ' to those entities and starting a new conflict . 
  ukraine has to have control over its borders . 
   i disagree on the fact that ukraine internal problem should not be `` touched '' by other countries , especially if the other countries can be hurt by these internal problems . 
  one thing is if a country has once an internal problem , another is if the country since 1991 keeps being unstable and used by other powers . 
  ukraine has been rather unstable indeed , and it 's been horribly run , with corruption rotting through most parts of the society , and oligarchs ruling the country and pocketing public money to themselves . 
  this has resulted in a very weak economy and disfunctional elements of society . 
  i can agree to the part that ukraine 's been influented by foreign powers but i 'd say it has been more because of their own weakness and indeciveness rather than some evil conspiracies . 
  i think we can agree that the country has been leaning between west and russia , so of course both of them show some interest . 
  that 's even natural , i 'd say , not anything you 'd need to see as evil . 
  if russia offers some great deal to ukraine and they 'd go for it , it 's their choice . 
  but that 's the thing , they chose eu . 
  and got invaded . 
  so i ca n't say that ` both sides are to blame ' . 
  no , only one side decided to invade them and even annex part of their territory . 
  now that 's outright aggression . 
  if they would have started to project soft power , for example , to offer even better deals to ukraine , even by supporting their opposition financially , we 'd not be in such hostile situation right now . 
  there are big cities there with important industries , and lands with natural resources . 
  ukraine needs those . 
  not to mention that not having those entities in the east , which they do n't control and which may always start a conflict , could restore trust in the country . 
  i do n't see how creating yet another pseudo-russian ` republics ' would be useful to anyone . 
   why only one part should do something and the other one not ? 
  because one is aggressor and the other is not . 
  because russia has the ability to change the situation , ukraine - much less so ( unless you mean giving away their territory ) . 
   is ukraine a paradise with innocent new and ex government figures that never did nothing wrong to it 's own country ? 
  no , but these are all ukraine 's internal problems and should be solved by themselves . 
  furthermore , do n't you think ukraine 's paid for all the events dearly already ? 
  territory annexed , nearly 10 ' 000 dead , huge economic crisis etc. 
   please let 's try to do n't forget how ukraine has been massively manipulated by the west to be always against and hostile towards russia , while the rest of east europe has not even 1/10 of hostility compared to ukraine . 
  it 's not been ` massively manipulated ' by the west . 
  just look at a map . 
  western ukraine fits logically into eu way more than into a union with russia . 
  at the same time , eu is a lot bigger , a lot richer , more democratic , more free etc. 
  if i 'd be there , i 'd also be strongly pro-west . 
  it 's a similar story with east but replace eu with russia . 
  so the country has been leaning from one side to another ( for example , orange revolution followed by yanukovych ) . 
  ukraine has issues with ukrainian vs russian language , and for an estonian , i find nothing surprising in prioritizing ukrainian . 
  after all , russian language has a huge country where everybody speaks it already , that language is not threatened by anything , while ukranian is way less spoken and needs more protection . 
  russia sees this as hostility of course , while to me , it 's quite a natural step for a smaller nation . 
  especially considering we have an example of belarus where the native language has mostly been replaced by russian . 
  then there are gas disputes , historical events ( holodomor , wwii etc ) . 
  this is all where the ` hostility ' towards russia came from before , which i see more of usual problems . 
  now , with the war , the country is truly hostile towards russia , and for a reason . 
   and as last thing let 's not forget that every geopolitical true expert , with some brain , always warned that ukraine is a country that has to be neutral ground between nato and russia but no one ever thought about the utility of a buffer state . 
  yeah , that 's something i ca n't agree with at all . 
  nobody has the right to dictate my country 's rights because some other foreign country wants so . 
  i 'm sure ukrainians think the same . 
  there 's always the issue of * realpolitik * , of course , so ukraine just behaving irrationally is their own responsibility , but being able to choose allies and unions for themselves is still an important element of sovereignity . 
  i do n't think russia 's threatening eu 's or nato 's stability at this point . 
  from non-nato/eu countries , belarus is basically a russian puppet anyway , moldova is safe behind ukraine ( though russian troops are obviously still a problem ) , and balkans are just far from them . 
  furthermore , we often underestimate what has happened with russia . 
  firstly , they 've been sanctioned . 
  this has meant economic damage , but we often forget that it also included many kremlin politicians and persons close to putin or who were involved with invasion of ukraine . 
  they do n't have access to eu or usa . 
  secondly , our diplomatic relations have got a lot worse , as has our political cooperation . 
  first example would be that russia was expelled from g8 . 
  another would be that russia was not far from getting visa freedom with eu , now nobody 's dicussing it and instead countries like ukraine and georgia are about to be granted this . 
  thirdly , there 's been a military response . 
  cooperation with them has been frozen , they 're not sold weapons anymore ( france and mistrals ) . 
  baltics and poland receive additional nato troops and investments . 
  sweden and finland have been moving closer to nato etc. 
  in addition to all that , let 's not forget that ukraine has inflicted damage aswell , cutting economic cooperation and banning their sky to be used by russian planes . 
  not to mention that a big potential partner has been turned into an angry enemy .
