  we do n't have the propaganda system of moscow to do it . 
   why not make it completely obvious that its material is based on falsehood ? 
  does it even work ? 
  i mean , even as russian media has been repeatedly been proven to make up events ( in estonia , `` destroying '' a soviet monument was actually photoshopped by russian media , in latvia `` devaluation '' of the local currency which never happened , in ukraine , the mh17 was shot down by `` ukrainian destroyer '' etc ) . 
  yet , most russians still follow and believe it . 
  the ones that follow that in the west as probably the alt-right or other extremists . 
  for some reason , i do n't think their world view is much different here either . 
  uk itself pushed for poland 's admittance into the eu and did not impose any interim restrictions on free movement as most other large western european countries did . 
  but now it 's the poles that are guilty of uk leaving . 
  i mean this is the case they can really blame themselves the most . 
   estonia sent more troops than us what , do you even understand you 're talking about a country nearly 30 times smaller than poland ? 
  according to the very same paper you posted , estonia had some 5 ' 510 active troops at that time . 
  do you think we sent half of them to iraq ? 
  it was 55 troops only . 
  this is russian state propaganda we 're talking about . 
  they are known for imagining events that have never happened , just to push the official kremlin view of something . 
  you ca n't fight with them with openness , considering they wo n't do the same in their own country ( evil west attacking russia again ) . 
  they are purely meant as a propaganda tool for moscow . 
  eu should signal that russian state news are absolutely unwelcome here . 
  only private media is allowed . 
  maybe that would send a signal that firstly , russian state media has lost its credibility and secondly , it 's not normal that so much of the media is controlled by the state . 
   it 's fine to proudly declare ` this is estonia ' , but you have to remember that it is the job of the state to represent its ' people , diverse as they and their opinions might be . 
  to listen to both sides and reach a consensus that will fall in between everyone 's positions . 
  a state that simply ignores large parts of its ' population is simply a failed state . 
  which sounds good in theory . 
  in practice , it 's not a secret that a lot of estonian russian values come directly from russian media . 
  for example , attitude towards nato which russians would have no practical reasons to dislike more than estonians . 
  it 's purely because of the media and their identification with russia . 
  so sorry , but we are not willing to accept such values . 
  they come from a foregn and a rather hostile country , which is known for absurd propaganda and not as a very free society . 
  i would turn my country into a worse place if i let them affect us . 
  you might call it discrimination , but these people are free to follow other media . 
  these are positions one can change . 
  if it comes to something they ca n't , such as their ethnicity , native language , i 'm definitely standing against any discrimination . 
  but for the things i mentioned above , we are not willing to become partly russian country , and as i emphasized in previous posts , we will not adopt russian values , not even as a compromise . 
   i was merely talking about people growing cynical as a result of being used to neglectful treatment . 
  perhaps , on some level you agree that withholding citizenship is a symptom of that ? 
  as i said , i agree that there have been neglect and withholding citizenship probably enforced such feeling quite a lot . 
  now i also said i have justified the citizenship policy nevertheless ( because there were n't better alternatives , 1/3 of the country having citizenship , but no able to speak estonian , how would that even work ) . 
  however , i also brought out other countries because there are a lot of issues with the minority themselves . 
   you 're fighting everyone else as well , including the people who might share your views but just want to give due to the dead -- all dead , from all sides . 
  my great-grandfathers , for instance , were also interned and shot by the stalinist regime , so when i lay flowers at the monument 's feet , believe me -- it 's not to honour the ussr . 
  oh , i 'm not bothered by such activities at all . 
  but let 's be honest , estonians started to associate the particular monument with russian chauvinism and pro-russia sentiments . 
  might i just say that 9th may does n't bring me any positive or sympathetic emotions . 
  on that day , i see a massive foreign population here that has the urge to portrait in every possible way just how russian they are . 
  maybe that 's caused by a vocal minority , but i ca n't see it just as a commemoration event these days , it really has become the day of chauvinism in russia , that also expands here . 
  other than that , i 'm completely fine with russia celebrating victory over nazis . 
  maybe it 's just better to do it in russia . 
  or if you do it in estonia , do it as a general end of war , not as part of glorification of ussr/russia . 
  but i assume if the vote * was * in favour of joining hungary , you would let it be annexed , right ? 
  i mean , majority of the population are hungarian and they voted ... 
  shall we make a referendum among hungarians in transylvania ? 
   well seeing as i was talking about examples when the russophone minority acted out in the context of an independent estonia , not soviet stooges acting within the framework of a dying , but still de jure existing ussr , i do not think it really applies here . 
  well , okay . 
  it 's not that wrong to draw some parallels here , though . 
  of course , these are two different events in some 20 years time span , but still . 
   there is no point to be wilfully obtuse : i explained both the significance of the monument , and how it was used by politicians at the time to saber-rattle and appeal to the most right-wing demographic . 
  and it was moved in the end . 
  and the people who it mattered to were n't listened to for a second . 
  a dictate of the minority ? 
  the minority was utterly ignored throughout . 
  if it was ignored completey , the monument would have likely been removed altogether . 
  also , i know there was a plaque next to monument mentioning soviet occupation , but it was arbitrarily removed . 
  there are colliding views on history , but it 's absolutely wrong to say estonians are the only ones that ca n't take another opinion . 
  maybe we are more adamant because this is * estonia * after all . 
   can you think of other examples besides estonia and latvia ? 
  seriously ? 
  i mean , ukraine at the very least ? 
  moldova where russians basically created their own breakaway state ? 
  in caucasia , most russians have just left ( unlike from baltics ) , no issues with that , of course . 
   they were n't good little citizens led astray by kremlin -- a decade of living with a questionable status of a much-disliked minority has made them a lot more cynical and less likely to care about integration . 
  i wo n't be claiming russians are loved , liked and respected by everybody . 
  i 've explained and justified the citizenship policy for countless times already , but i can agree it might have created sense of alienation for russians . 
  but just take a look at ukraine -- citizenship does not grant loyalty nor respect . 
  if those people live 24/7 in russian media sphere , they obviously wo n't become integrated . 
  there 's also some basic conflicting values , such as understanding that neither estonia nor latvia are some 50-50 estonian-russian or latvian-russian states where one of the communities is discriminating another . 
  they are countries where one language , by their essence , has dominating position . 
  people seem to not make difference between that and their soviet-era privileges . 
  not to mention if we look at history , it 's really weird for us to hear about the horrible-horrible pain of russian people and how we allegedly are not respecting that . 
  i mean , our 3rd largest town was destroyed and basically ethnically cleansed . 
  one might have at least that bit decency to maybe , you know , understand that soviet union is not really respected by us , and that we have a right for that in our country . 
   he did n't say `` random youth looting '' . 
  no , but he implied the man could be of any nationality . 
  i mean , of course , people from any nationality could do such stuff . 
  it 's just this event was absolutely related to russians in estonia . 
   and was n't this 10 years ago ? 
  which is why this is talked about right now . 
  it was a very shocking event for estonia . 
   how come a national minority , that has n't made a single peep before or since the event , in any comparable terms , got so riled up then ? 
  i mean , i do n't want to go stereotyping and i have no need to portrait russians in a negative light , but ... that is not true . 
  in fact , the only violent protest i remember from the perestroika and process of regaining independence period in this country was russian-speaking `` internationalists '' violently invading parliament building of estonia . 
  there 's also a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwq1tjev5r8 ) from that . 
  i agree that it was not * all * protesters . 
  and even less was it * all * russians . 
  but i also do n't think that was claimed here either . 
  i 'm also convinced that the relocation was merely an excuse for these riots , not a reason . 
  how come relocating a monument can be such a problem ? 
  i mean , sorry , but as an estonian , i really refuse to accept such unreasonable dictate from a minority over what happens in our capital . 
  it 's also stupid how you blame the subreddit .
