  they speak greek , so common sense says it 's greece . 
  well , we had sanctions and as russia has n't changed anything , now there 's this . 
   i find it extremely hypoctical that for 11 months you yell `` save us from ivan he 's about to annex and russify us !!! '', 
  nobody is saying that . 
  we 're only taking some precautions as russia has become more aggressive recently . 
  how come it 's such a big deal if we , nato members , have some troops located here ? 
   and then in near-perfect russia `` oh , hi ivan , welcome to estonia , have a good time here !, 
  did your bring your family ? 
  because i have anothe room to rent out . 
  by the way do n't forget to buy my fish '' . 
  you do realize we have a huge russian-speaking minority here , right ? 
  that we 're still geographically attached to russia and they wo n't stop being our neighbours ? 
  why would we fuck up relations with them on purpose ? 
  remember , the current nato deployment is a reaction for russia 's actions in ukraine . 
   but lets face it russia is among if not the main source of tourists for estonia . 
  no it 's not . 
  finns are , by far , the most common tourists in estonia . 
   isnt it a bit hypocritical receiving them as guests and rattleling the nato sword while yelling `` agressor we 're afraid of you !, 
  but come visit us next vacation ! '', 
  so if we 're saying we need protection from russia , why would that mean we do n't want any relations , including tourists here ? 
  if anything , a tourist will see estonia without propaganda and maybe have a more objective image of the country . 
  you saw russia declaring nato as # 1 enemy , but it does n't stop russia from selling gas to nato countries , now does it ? 
  there 's a differene between considering countries or alliances as hostile or hating the people there . 
  i only claimed the first , and levada statistics show russians * do * consider them to be hostile . 
   how is your security threarened exactly ? 
  to pull of a dnr / crimea you need to have a strong local pro-russian support . 
  which is inexistant in baltics and poland . 
  in poland , for sure . 
  in lithuania , it 's also not too bad . 
  in estonia and latvia , that 's not so simple . 
  we have huge russian minority , many of who follow only russian media and are therefore pro-russia . 
  although , fortunately , because of higher living standards , very few of them would actually want to live in russia . 
   if athything a stronger nato deployment on russia 's border brings a bigger deployment of russian forces in relatiation and brungs countries closer to an armed conflict . 
  read the comment of / u/gensek below . 
   p.s. 
  if russia is so hostile why do you accept thousands of russian tourists and export to russia . 
  yes , if nato , usa and eu are so hostile towards russia ( as they claim ) , why does russia keep trading with them ? 
  hmm ... 
  they 'll find an excuse anyway if they want it . 
  only our security should n't depend on what a foreign ( hostile ) country wants or feels . 
  nah , estonia was small even for soviets to build anything too massive here . 
  nevertheless , they did add [ hotell viru ] ( http://static2.visitestonia.com/images/1708226/original+sokos+hotel+viru+outside_.jpg ) and [ hotell ol\u00fcmpia ] ( http://photos.wikimapia.org/p/00/01/97/68/04_big.jpg ) , which are quite good for soviet era . 
  then again , both were designed by estonian architects , so it 's not that surprising , and hotel viru was actually built by finns ( hah ) . 
  tallinn , including the city centre , actually has a lot of room to build , so skyscrapers are n't even necessary or economically smarter option , they 're more of a prestige things . 
   you ca n't both have and not have relations with another country . 
  you ca n't make a trade agreement that does n't have influence to political situation . 
  you probably could do the oposite way ( have political relations without trading ) but it would be far less clever , and , basically , wasting diplomatic power for nothing . 
  you have a point here , for example , some would argue ukraine being out of both eu and russian trade bloc was n't very clever of them . 
  however , what i meant here was that even as a member of all those ex-ussr trade and customs alliances ( cis , eau ) , they could have more independent foreign policy ( kazakhstan being an example of that ) . 
  now that 's not possible as belarus relies on cheap resources and loans from russia . 
   the thing that batjka does n't want to fuck up with any of his diplomatic partners should n't make him incredibly pro-russian , more like overall aware and diplomatic . 
  yes , he 's not a full-blown lunatic or a kremlin chauvinist . 
  but that does n't make him a great guy . 
  just not batshit crazy . 
   it was pretty good in ukraine , for example , for like 20 years , up until the recent events . 
  i 'd argue it only seemed so . 
  have you ever taken look at all the election maps of ukraine ? 
  the country always seemed split on mainly linguistic basis . 
  it was always like a fight between ` pro-russia ' and ` pro-europe ' path ( although it was also fight between more nationalist , more russian etc ) . 
  orange revolution in 2004 was a clear example of two groups colliding . 
  maidan was just taking it further . 
   also belorussian belong to the same cyrillic group of languages as russain , which allows the users to understand each other pretty close even without much knowing of the other language . 
  indeed , which is why i found it stupid for belarus to not have kept it as the only official language . 
  it would have strenghtened national identity , while still keeping it very easy to communicate with russians . 
   if belarus ' did n't have trade with eastern partners , that would be shattering for their economy . 
  that 's true . 
  fortunately for some , unfortunately for others . 
   also belarus sea access could lie in any of neighbouring countries ( black sea from ukraine , baltic sea from russia ) and does not belong exclusively or even extensively in eu . 
  well , who would they trade in black sea ? 
  maybe with turkey a bit , but eu is so much closer and so much richer , that it 's obvious baltic sea is the most important sea for belarus . 
  russia can offer its ports for belarus , of course , but it would demand longer , less efficient , routes . 
  politically , they might do that , but economically , it 's stupid . 
   by the way , since the sanctions took place , there were sightings of belorussian seafood , such as sea shrimps or fish on russian market , which led to forming of an elusive entity called `` belorussian sea '' . 
  it probably exists , yet nobody knows where it is , since belorussian sea is probably covered with camouflage fabric to make it invisible from satellites . 
  lukashenka is so innovative , i have heard no other leaders in world that could discover a sea and start growing food there so quickly . 
  okay , thanks . 
  sounds reasonable , i guess . 
   the amount of space russia has russia , yes , but moscow is a gigantic city with rapidly growing population . 
  and it does n't have a unique one-style historical old skyline to protect . 
  any idea why they avoided building tall skyscrapers in st. petersburg until now , and then suddenly build a massive 462m giant there ? 
  yeah , i 've got that people there value stability over many other things at this point , especially considering ukraine . 
  however , this often tends to result in outright stagnation , opposition to reforms and any changes . 
  i mean , it 's quite clear belarus ' economic model wo n't take them much further , it 's like they 're still in soviet union with one leg . 
  yes , belarus is economically way better off than ukraine , but then again , ukraine 's not really something to compare to , if you want to talk about success . 
  anyway , i 'm sure belarus could be on the same level or even better without having a dictator . 
   like , they could bite the bullet and pull out completely , why only in such extremes ? 
  they did n't need to pull out completely , nor did they have to prepare to become an oblast of russia . 
   what should they do else , install nato military bases ? 
  i 'm not saying anything they * should * do , that 's all up to them to decide . 
  i 'm only saying how belarus is seen abroad . 
   i 'm talking about the post-soviet space . 
  i mean , belarus ' accepted russian nationals in country , which had a heavy percent ( nearly 13 % ) of them before . 
  that 's it 's choice . 
  eesti did n't accept them , and required them to either estonify instantly , move away , or have rights cut and be not even a minority , but some sort of aliens . 
  that 's their choice . 
  there 's a very clear reason why estonia did it - most of russians spoke no estonian and followed only russian media ( and most still do ) . 
  how do you imagine a country where 1/3 citizens do n't even speak the official language and get their information from a foreign ( unfortunately , also often hostile ) country ? 
  it would n't be a very stable one politically , i can tell you that . 
  furthermore , belarus is not seen very positively in this question at all here , considering they do n't even speak their own language . 
  people see them as a russified nation that has lost its identity .
