  some bigger developments happened aswell that might not have become a reality without ussr . 
  buildings like [ tallinn tv tower ] ( http://www.elnet.ee/nordic_iug/images/estonya-tallinn-tallinna-teletorn-marko-leppik.jpg ) , [ lasnam\u00e4e district , tallinn ] ( http://g1.nh.ee/images/pix/728x404/5m68fxlzoei/lasnamae-67443324.jpg ) ( not that it 's seen as exclusively positive , considering its depressing looks and that mostly russians were housed there ) etc. 
  not that we could n't have done better on our own , but we were n't exactly being left derelict either . 
  i do n't think it 's right to call soviet union `` empire of evil '' , as many would like , at least not the post-stalin part of it . 
  it had its misguided ideologists and many who wanted to make things better . 
  many regions suffered because of them , but some also benefited ( central asia ) . 
  citing my first comment :  from special eurobarometer 451 , which can be found [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm/survey/getsurveydetail/instruments/special/surveyky/2131 ) . 
  it 's generally in russian language and the content is pretty much about how shit we are and how great russia is , so i do n't think that would raise their reputation . 
  we have our own far-rights and such too , who might admire putin , but i do n't think they 're more significant than elsewhere in europe . 
  well yeah , that 's exactly why these results are surprising . 
  some of it is most likely russian minority here , but lithuania does seem suspiciously high even then as they do n't have too many russians . 
  i really do n't know , maybe the older generation is nostalgic ? 
  no need to prove something that we know already . 
  / s my comment was n't about that , but maybe some of us do . 
  i guess it 's about trying to break out from the poor backwards eastern europe group . 
  from special eurobarometer 451 , which can be found [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm/survey/getsurveydetail/instruments/special/surveyky/2131 ) . 
  wow , estonian 's not up there ? 
  i think language of [ best education in europe ] ( http://www.unz.com/isteve/new-pisa-test-results/ ) is missing there . 
  might want to change it if you do n't want to end up as dumb as the french . 
  ^ ( just kidding ), 
  also , what about bosnian and montenegrin ? 
  and austrian ? 
  wtf ? 
  as i said , one of the most powerful * political/legal * tools . 
  or do you happen to know even more effective one ? 
   nah , they just wanted to carve it up business monopoly style , like in vietnam . 
  if they cared about democracy they would have funded the transition to the same degree as they funded poland . 
  if `` they '' wanted to carve it up , why keep russia 's seat at un security council , one of the most powerful political/legal tools we have right now ? 
  germans kinda ruled us for centuries , actually . 
  if we would have been ruled by russians all this time , we would have ended up like every finno-ugric nation in russia - without our own identity , heavily russified , minority in our own native lands , no reading or writing skills until 20th century and living in a poorer , less democratic , more aggressive etc society . 
  so a very stupid comparison . 
  russia out of any nation is the worst example you could bring . 
  i am very thankful we 've ended up with our own country and not in russia . 
  here we go again . 
  another round of moldovenism . 
  what about readopting cyrillic alphabet , just to suck up to putin even more ? 
  sure , but why even bring numbers as a proof then ? 
   perhaps , comparing apples and oranges makes no sense at all . 
  so i hope you see the problem i 'm trying to draw attention to . 
  even if somebody brings out an ` achivement of putin ' ( whether it is or not ) , i ca n't really prove otherwise , because russia is so `` unique and different '' . 
  so does n't it create a situation where you can basically bring any number for russia , compare it to 90s , see the improvement , and glorify putin ? 
  that 's the problem here . 
   plus , you ca n't seriously compare a nearly monocultural country as big , population wise , as my district in moscow to the mess that russia has always been . 
  then what can you compare russia to ? 
  other nations as big as russia do n't have such ussr experience . 
   regardless , though , i do n't attribute the decline in homicide rates to the dearest leader , but many people do and i ca n't blame them for such oversimplification . 
  after all , it 's the result that matters . 
  well , that 's why i 'd ask , if result matters , why is n't eu member estonia an even better example ? 
  is it really result that matters or do they just religiously label any achievement as putin 's favor ? 
  good for you , but then again , russia is not the only country to have had horrible 90s and did putin really do a good job compared to [ some others ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/vc.ihr.psrc.p5?locations=ru-ee ) ? 
  you seem to mistake general development with a specific party and a man . 
  has n't eu assisted already ? 
  at least baltic dairy farmers have received extraordinary aid . 
  now , dairy prices are surging , so the crisis seems to be over ... 
   putin , despite russia 's stagnating nature , is arguably the most powerful individual on earth at the moment and has been for years . 
  i 'd say presidents of usa and china are both more powerful . 
  but putin 's the most influential anti-western guy , so this is the biggest reason . 
  all the far-rights share that with putin - being against western liberal democracy . 
  van der bellen 's mother was estonian , father was originally dutch-russian , but escaped to estonia after russia turned communist . 
  and then they escaped further west after estonia was occupied by soviet union . 
  basically commies pushing them constantly westwards . 
   it is objectively false of course . 
  if we talk about living standards , it depends on the country . 
  estonians are , on average , clearly better off . 
  i 'm sure same goes for poles , czechs and slovaks , maybe a bit less for hungarians . 
  but moldovans ? 
  a large part of ukraine ? 
  i think most of the people are now worse off there . 
  so it completely make sense that just coincidentally , only the countries where soviet army was in , socialist regimes appeared ? 
  and those that tried to leave , were invaded ... 
  actually , there 's even a theory for that in law - natural law . 
  basically that law only systematizes the inner ( divine/natural ) values of people . 
  it 's more of a complicated situation , not propaganda . 
  even your own provided link says `` de jure allowed '' in russia . 
  it 's suspended , but not completely abolished . 
  the step has not been finalized . 
   although im a fan of ` eye for an eye ' type of punishment . 
  sorry , but this is typical for undeveloped societies . 
  already romans knew that there are more rational sanctions . 
  what ? 
  that 's still dumb . 
  well , they also have pension age that is 5 years later for men . 
  even though men live , on average , 11 years less than women in russia . 
  i guess men ca n't complain , they ca n't be pussies like in the west . 
  economy in general . 
  roads are one thing , but it 's also seen in , for example , developments in riga vs vilnius . 
  the latter is seeing some active construction of offices and expansion of living quarters , while riga is still in recovering-from-crisis mode . 
  weird how lithuania has got most eu funds , even though latvia would need it considerably more . 
  russians also started to support putin more after he invaded their `` brother country '' and annexed a part of it . 
  sorry , but it 's not always a good idea to appease russians . 
  it 's not very detailed . 
  i would like to know , for example , how could the famine be concentrated in the region with most fertile soil in europe . 
   elevators also break down many times per week , so one can end up climbing stairs up to 15th floor . 
  2 years ago , one of the elevators in block b detached itself and fell into the shaft , there was no body inside . 
  a while ago , the second elevator detached itself too , with a student inside . 
  he sustained minor injuries and trauma . 
  what . 
  the . 
  it 's not like ussr did n't transfer other regions , like pechory/petseri and ivangorod/jaanilinn from estonia to russia . 
  are you going to return these ?
