  nobody is forcing you to stop buying russian gas . 
  but we are very annoyed that germany keeps building dependence on russia even after they 've invaded and annexed neighbouring countries , and are generally known to use gas for politics ( asking higher prices here ) . 
   very strange coincidence that all kinds of ee-dudes start to support lng and bring up this old topic . 
  and all this articles start to pop up about 2 weeks ago , before the us starts to implement this sanctions . 
  very strange indeed . 
  sorry , but when have baltics or poland ever been supportive of nord stream 2 ? 
  we were even against nord stream 1 . 
  maybe come out of your already dead fantasy that russia is a great partner ? 
  because it 's not . 
  not without russian gas , that 's way too unrealistic , but without building * additional * dependence on it . 
  germany and austria have both strong industrial and financial players that have deep economical and political connections with russia 's gazprom and beyond . 
  this needs to die . 
  please follow less putin propaganda , you 're turning insane . 
  nope , we just need to take a unified stance here in eastern side of eu and make germany realize they have chosen their side . 
  either they will act in europe 's interests or we will become a heavy obstacle to anything germany ever wants to push through in eu . 
  absolutely no eu army with germany 's `` special '' relations with gazprom , for instance . 
  oh , you know , you occupied us for several years , killed a lot of our people ( incuding almost all jews ) and destroyed a lot of infrastructure . 
  i demand repayment !, 
   the long term-plan is and always will be to bring russia back to the table , and that has way more benefits than just money . 
  no shit , mate ? 
  we here are interested in having normal relations with russia the most . 
  but what germany is doing is not going to make it happen . 
  you 're directly playing into the hands of putin , as we become those pesky fascists that are stopping `` pragmatic '' germans from trading with [ putin 's ] russia . 
  you are also alt-right , you 're eurosceptic by default ... 
  i mean , 1 million migrants a year would make it true . 
  it 's mathematically absolutely possible . 
  i do n't have much knowledge on construction , but i think most commie buildings do not have insulation . 
  heating was very cheap and the batteries were kept hot . 
  they also `` solved '' ventilation by low construction quality , so the hot air inside pressed air out from the cracks between wall panels . 
  of course , new buildings are nowadays insulated and the commieblocks are also being insulated . 
  energy is much more expensive now , so we really ca n't afford to keep the same thing going . 
  lol , we had snowfall during summer solstice a few years ago . 
  oh no , it 's not like that . 
  you 'll pay the full sum in euros and in addition , you also shed some tears due to its unbelievable size . 
  then you 'll wonder why people even live in such places and not just move to spain ... 
   but even so , if you stay out as long as you 're someone that has lived these temps many summers you are probably ok - except if you do exercise or something . 
  i 've lived in this country for all my life , but i still ca n't stand the soggy-chilly-windy weathers . 
  the cold does n't really get less annoying in time . 
   do n't do exercise with 40\u00bac , you are risking your life . 
  that 's not really possible here , we 've never had more than 35.6 \u00bac . 
  which is still dangerous as well . 
   how do you deal with -30 \u00bac nights during winters ? 
  we are inside as much as we can ( and pay those damn high heating bills in tears ) and if we have to go out , we put on like 4-5 layers of clothes covering everything except for the face ? 
  only our societies do n't work by natural selection for a long time already . 
  at least in the west . 
  we do n't even actually reproduce enough , but those babies we do have , almost all live , even if they have some bad incurable condition . 
  when we get sick , we get medications . 
  if we have a serious injury , we go to the hospital . 
  and nature also misguides us -- it still pressures us to choose partners by their bodies and even though it does show one good quality -- health -- we often miss other very relevant things valuable in societies . 
  men are still competitively aggressive by nature , even though it 's mostly only harmful in morden societies and on and on those examples go . 
  we just do n't live the way other animals do anymore . 
  so what 's that health `` obsession '' you 're talking about ? 
  considering its importance , it needs to be something crazy to be considered `` obsession '' . 
  something as simple as taxing unhealthy products ( which is mostly a tool to increase budget revenues anyway ) is definitely not that . 
  as is not extra information on product labels , recommendations of healthy food etc. 
  more pressure on keeping healthy is very logical in more developed countries as basic costs become affordable and people can start thinking more on non-materalistic values . 
  health is probably the most important of them . 
   did n't poland make a deal in 96 ' that still is active till 2022 which has cause gas imports from russia to rise to over 66 % ? 
  i was quite sure the polish reliance was increasing despite attempts and big words . 
  unfortunately i 'm not aware of this issue , but still , a deal in 1996 ( ! ) . 
  poland is * now * trying to get rid of dependence , just as rest of eu should be doing . 
   we simply need gas and its better to be reliant on one nation over being reliant on two nations at the same time for that same supply . 
  gas can still be cut of if necessary for sanctions . 
  we `` simply '' need gas ? 
  no , we do n't . 
  we need energy but it does n't have to necessarily be gas . 
  in fact , i wonder how much did germany rushing into abandoning nuclear power make their gas import needs higher . 
  again , stupid decisions by government , not some divine needs that they could n't affect . 
  and you ca n't convince me with this `` supply security '' . 
  if germany would take energy union seriously and would be willing to start treating eu as a single market , then i 'd see the logic of it . 
  currently , it 's just germany benefiting at the expense of other eu members . 
   poland does n't see an issue with being dependent on russia for its own consumption . 
  yes , it does . 
  it has worked a lot to cut dependence on russia , including recently seeking norwegian gas instead of russian . 
   it just want the nations west of it to also be dependent on them for gas/oil . 
  you know , we also do n't support nord stream , but it does n't directly affect us . 
  however , we 're very concerned of germany building up energy dependence , which means less and less tools to keep away from russian demands . 
  it 's really not comfortable to be between germany and russia , poles know it and we know it . 
   difference is though , sanctions are based on them refusing to honor agreements made by the council ( in 2015 ) . 
  feel free to point me at the eu agreement that states nord steam should be stopped . 
  in the case of poland cutting of gas we are n't talking about eu sanctions . 
  if we 're going there , i 'd like to remind you that eu is supposed to be building an `` energy union '' . 
  it took a very long time for brussels to even start investigating why baltics and poland had to pay considerably higher price for russian gas ( obviously due to political reasons ) . 
  obviously , it benefits german industries to keep getting cheaper gas than their competitors . 
  when you bring up solidarity then this is one of the issues where western europe has been one hypocritical double-faced bitch . 
  it 's benefiting gazprom , which is a giant government-owned conglomerate , having , among other things , huge propaganda network and what not . 
  it 's harder to directly feed putin 's regime than this . 
  okay , it 's just i 'm sure this `` non-traditional sexual orientation '' is made up by russian government , i 've only heard them use it . 
  so the argument is that `` refugee crisis is a more urgent problem '' and that 's it ? 
  you do realize that building energy dependence on russia is going to cause some huge long-term problems , right ? 
  this super short-term thinking seems to be a common problem in eu . 
   this is a personal opinion , but i 'm somewhat happy our gas supplies will be able to bypass poland since the pis would n't be above blackmailing us with cutting of gas . 
  i 'm pretty sure poles would also be happy to not take part of refugee crisis at all , so germany and co. could n't blackmail them with sanctions . 
   health obsession oh yes , that stupid health obsession . 
  why are we obsessed by probably the most important quality of a person that strongly affects their life quality , as well as overall burden of the society ? 
  i wonder why ... 
   people of non-traditional sexual orientation ladies and gentlemen , politically correct speech a ` la russia . 
  why not just say gays ? 
  well , for the locals , the old town is basically a walled tourist-oriented disneyland , so we find joy in other things . 
  but tallinn was historically for a long time a rather unimportant province ( though that 's also why the old town is so well preserved , there was not enough money to modernize ) , so you wo n't find fancy historical art nouvaeu quarters like in riga .
