  it 's basically splitting a nation state between estonians and foreigners ( let 's be honest , the only russians that can be considered native are those by lake peipsi ) . 
  i mean , russians already have their country . 
  what is more , we witnessed virumaa being russified to a massive extent . 
  narva used to be majority estonian and now it 's 95 + % russian-speaking . 
  in rakvere , they wanted to start mining phosphorite , and estonians started mass protests because environment as one reason , but the other would be that we knew it would have meant importing tens of thousands of russians and transforming it into faceless soviet-russian workers ' city , like had happened with eastern virumaa already . 
   latvia had the highest russian native speakers population of all the baltic states and it never went above 40 % for the native russian speakers as i pointed out in the other post . 
  by 1991 if i 'm not mistaken it was around 20 % remaining . 
  `` it never went '' is exactly because soviet union collapsed , otherwise i do n't want to think about what would have happened . 
  latvians ' share in the capital was as low as 37 % in 1989 . 
  i mean , capital is the cultural , economical and political centre of the country . 
   for example estonian ssr was far better organized than karelian assr . 
  like by a mile and that 's because you ca n't consider local government as simply thraw of the politbyro in moscow . 
  every republic had a local self operating government that was kept in check from moscow to avoid them getting any wise ideas but they had good amount of autonomy within confines of the socialists idiology . 
  that 's not really comforting , you know , considering we had our independent country before that . 
   with regards of 1/3 people not talking state language . 
  it 's never been that drastic . 
  especially not during early 1990 's when these decisions had been made . 
  i just took a look at statistics and according to 2011 census , just a bit less than half of russians consider themselves to be able to speak estonian . 
  that 's after 22 years of estonian being the only official language . 
  it 's quite safe to assume the share of those was very small in soviet era . 
   even if it 's 1/5 there is a reason not to introduce the language as second official one . 
  especially if it was previously one of the official languages . 
  but if you 'd do that then you 'd have concede giving these people citizenship since they already do talk one of two state languages and that would be problematic would n't it ? 
  russian as an official language ? 
  it 's a certain no here . 
  there 's just no chance . 
  estonia has not been historically russian-speaking ( except soviet era ) , even during russian empire it was more german than russian speaking . 
  not to mention that republic of estonia states estonian language policy as one of the primary goals of the state . 
  and it 'd only give more excuses not to learn estonian . 
   i 'm just saying from my own perspective if i had citizenship first unconditionally through the fact of being born to someone who was born and raised in same country by people who spend 2/3 of their lives in said country wrecking and then rebuilding it . 
  i 'd treat the new managment a lot nicer than them giving me a big fuck you and then putting citizenship as a carrot for learning a language in what i consider my own freaking homeland . 
  you 're probably right and it 's a shame it did n't go that way , but let 's be honest , we have no idea how many would think like you and how many would actually act exactly like some 5th column of moscow . 
  and when [ such ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwq1tjev5r8 ) things happened , how certain would estonians be in russians ' loyalty ? 
  i think it was quite low at that time . 
   you sure do n't mind attaching crimes of their forefathers to them so it would be just an extra step in the efforts of getting rid of them . 
  i do n't like this argument at all , because firstly , i do n't do it and secondly , i see so many russians praising soviet union , thinking it as a liberator etc. 
  my reaction is imminent that : no , these are not estonia 's flags , nor are these estonian celebrations . 
  you are not estonian just because you were born here . 
  if you follow 24/7 russian news , speak only russian and actually think exactly like those in putin 's russia , you * are * russian . 
  i 'm not the one responsible for this but i ca n't admit such people as my own . 
  there needs to be at least some common ground uniting one people and just physically being born on a territory is not enough if we ca n't even agree on basic values . 
   regarding not paying and seeing ex soviet military gone out of the country . 
  would that include estonians who served in soviet military and if yes might i suggest a small influx of 400 000 + syrian able bodied young refugees to replace majority of estonian male population born before 1970 . 
  not those who served , those who worked there full-time . 
  and yeah , maybe it 's better to let go of old grievance , but i have the impression that those in soviet army are one of the most pro-russia people . 
  then again , maybe i 'm wrong . 
  and i do n't see what has syria to do with this at all . 
   just meens that you 're not true decision makers but firmly allied to western powers and have some say on the matters but at the end of the day the big powerplay is decided elsewhere . 
  that 's a common view of many russians i 've encountered . 
  there 's some truth in it - small states never have a lot of influence , it 's just their nature . 
  but i ca n't agree with baltics just ` currently being in one sphere of influence ' . 
  would you also say ireland 's in western sphere of influence ? 
  like they even could theoretically be in some other one ? 
  i certainly ca n't see baltics changing their alignment and even historically , they 've not even really ` switched ' if you think about it - ussr era was occupation , unwillingly forced upon us , and western countries actually recognized independent baltics . 
  basically , you have so many forests and so few people . 
  i 'm surprised estonia got there , considering our massive co2 production from oil shale industry . 
  and i swear nordics are bribing all those institutions that measure these things . 
  they ca n't be leading in everything . 
  probably still better than scary movie 5 . 
   look at the soviet passport , check nationality/ethnicity box . 
   deny citizenship to a six year old . 
  only that 's not how it went and you know it . 
  by the way , because you bring children in all the time , if there are two non-citizens in estonia and they have a child here , the child gets an automatic estonian citizenship nowadays . 
   the point of state continuinity and granting citizenship based of that makes sense but only in states that had homogeneous population from the start and retained it 's undistruptive majority rule . 
  once you had massive forced influx of people because you have 1/5 of population that was born and raised under different rule the argument and policy becomes excuse for for denying basic legal rights and obligations from people . 
  basic rights and obligation no matter how disliked the previous government granted and demanded from all . 
  why should we be solely responsible for population transfers , really ? 
  why do n't you blame russia as successor state of soviet union which actually carried out this ? 
  and basic rights have always been guaranteed here . 
  estonia has always paid all the people here , including soviet migrants , and even pays pensions to former soviet military personel ( which i personally objected as i would have wanted to see them leave this country , but oh well ) . 
  they can participate in local elections , non-citizens are issued travel passports etc. 
  citizen rights are not basic rights , you know . 
  the right to a citizenship is - and they could always get one , though . 
   why do people who worked 40 years on kolhoz from 5am till 4pm feeding estonians as much as russians suddenly not even second class citizens but not citizens at all and have to prove themselves with test when their 40 years of hard labor should be proof enough . 
  why do kids younger than me that were born in the last breaths of soviet system were denied citizenship on the lands of their birth ? 
  because of their ethnicity . 
  hey , it 's not us that wanted this idiotic communist regime here , seriously . 
  i 'm not saying that the citizenship decision was fair to everybody , i realize many people felt offended by the state , but there was no 100 % fair decision to be made . 
  how is it fair to estonians that a lot of them were deported , their property was taken , foreigners were brought here and given free living space , and suddenly they were `` all equal '' , even if the latter did n't even speak a word of estonian , most probably had no idea about the history of the land etc ? 
  there was no 100 % fair solution and you should blame ussr in this , if anybody . 
   some of you guys are as fucking slavshit as we are . 
  judging from the people who visit funland that is . 
  you mean finland ? 
  ehh ... a lot of estonians who have moved or work there are not the brightest people really . 
  even statistics have shown that . 
   equality under soviet law after stalin was universal across the union . 
  you were obligated and under protection of unified law codex . 
  you could not be discriminated based on your ethnicity and you had the same chance of joining the party and raising up to king evil as a russian , ukranian or belorussian did . 
  soviets were never about `` russian '' rule but soviet rule and the party repesentation shows it . 
  what laws applied only to russians that did n't apply to rest of the soviet population ? 
  actually , i 'm quite sure there 's a definition for such kind of `` equality '' . 
  you see , on paper it all looks good , but actually , only one nation 's language was official everywhere ( russian ) and not only , they formed the absolute majority of the people . 
  so even though on paper , a latvian and russian had just as many rights , and well they did , but a latvian could never move abroad without knowing russian . 
  a russian , on the contrary , would never have to bother learning a local language and what is more , there was never danger that russians would become a minority . 
  for latvians , a few decades longer of soviet rule would have meant that they would eventually become a minority and eventually be russified . 
  their culture would die . 
  and that 's actually exactly what happens to finno-ugric nations in russia . 
  sorry , but that kind of equality just does n't work for small nations in a country with huge majority . 
   but i do n't think denying people who lived for generations there a citizenship based on their lack of knowing language that was secondary official language for 45 years is a shit move no matter how you slice it . 
  yes , it was a shit move , but as i said , there were no fair solutions for everybody .
