  even if nato member turkey still controls bosphorus . 
  but it does n't matter because if turkey were to close it for russia , it would end in war , so they do n't do it . 
  why would it be any different if crimea was part of ukraine with access to black sea ? 
  you lack the capability of functional reading . 
  i said that theoretically , russia could be blocked from both mediterranean and baltic seas , but they 're not , even as nato countries border them . 
  that 's exactly why stories like not annexing crimea would have resulted in blocking their access are just false . 
  crimea 's importance was more about its military base in sevastopol . 
   crimea was and is the single most important piece of land for russia . 
  do n't want to disappoint you , but turkey still has the power to block their access to the mediterranean , just like their access to baltic sea could theoretically be blocked by estonia and finland . 
  but surprise-surprise , they still do have access to the seas , because as opposed to the russian propaganda which claimed ukraine getting closer to eu and nato would somehow mean isolating russia , that would n't have been the case . 
  instead , annexing crimea has isolated them . 
  ever heard about the ` russkiy mir ' stories ? 
  the entire idea revolves around russian-speaking world being one unified bloc loyal to moscow . 
  annexing crimea would be one example of what that ideology includes . 
  but all in all , you have former soviet states like tajkistan and kyrgyzstan where china plays a more important role than russia , and former soviet states like turkmenistan , uzbekistan , kazakhstan etc , that are following their linguistic relatives ' turks example and switching from cyrillic to latin alphabet . 
  you have baltics that have completely dumped their soviet legacy and joined the west , and you know have ukraine distancing itself from russia . 
  the country 's influence is , in fact , becoming smaller and smaller , as they 're losing most of their neighbours to other world powers ... 
  look , terminology is not about how you in particular feel about how relevant somebody is . 
  wars happen mostly between neighbouring countries due to obvious reasons . 
   heck , bangladesh has half the eu 's population and nigeria has more people than russia . 
  still does n't make them as relevant . 
   keep thinking you can just ` isolate ' russia . 
  they 'll blow up amsterdam before that happens ( with conventional missiles ) . 
  and i do n't want that . 
  holy fuck , talk about hysteria . 
  russia already is isolated . 
  their adventures in ukraine have resulted in sanctions , falling economy , and a lot more enemies . 
  russia 's own ` neo-ussr ' project of eurasian union has largely failed . 
  not only has russia lost almost all allies in europe , even kazakhstan has re-decided to switch from cyrillic to latin alphabet , to dump that russian legacy they have . 
  russian language 's importance in the world is falling constantly , and i see no reason for it to increase . 
  yes , west may be losing influence to china , india etc , but the painful truth is , that russia is losing it even faster . 
   eastern european civil war so russia invading is now also known as ` civil war ' ? 
  i mean , i know russian media likes to use such terms , but maybe we retain some logic here ? 
  you know , i am still wondering if this is not part of some huge teleshow in usa to show how a famous person can win presidential elections with those strongman , but incredibly stupid statements . 
   estonia we actually fulfil the 2 % requirement/recommendation on defence spending , so he ca n't whine about us . 
   belarus exports significant amount of it services for example . 
  significantly more than ukraine or russia per capita . 
  hmm , did n't know that . 
  although i dare to guess it still does n't make up a significant share of the economy . 
  yes , that 's one valid argument , but the bad side is still that the leaving russians are mostly young , while pensioners mostly stay , adding pressure to the country 's social system . 
  well yes , it depends on how far will you go with what ` similar ' looks like . 
  even on the graph , estonians seem to be closest to finns together with swedes . 
  so still very close , i 'd say . 
  well yes , but i do n't think ` better than ukraine ' would be a great milestone . 
  ukraine has been horribly run since collapse of soviet union . 
  lukashenka has built belarusian economy largely dependant on cheap resources from russia . 
  they are still a largely manufacturing economy , but the competitiveness seems to be based on just that - cheapness , and not quality . 
  and that cheapness is dependant on relations with eastern neigbhour . 
  although true , that has still been a smarter move than what ukraine has done . 
  we might take only last 3 months of uk in addition to what we have as estonia will not give up its first half of 2018 , because it 's also when we celebrate 100th anniversary of birth of republic of estonia . 
   it knows who its friends are , it knows where it is going economically . 
  it has a plan , it is part of something bigger than itself . 
  i 'd largely agree with your point , but i 'm not really sure lukashenka knows where belarus is going economically . 
  for now , it 's going just [ downhill ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/belarus/gdp-growth-annual ) and apart from the [ 3rd redenomination ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_belarusian_ruble ) of belarusian currency that 's going on right now , where he ereased some 4 zeroes and introduced cash that 's suspiciously similar to the euros ( does he think that visual similarity will give it comparable trust or sth ? 
  ) , i have n't heard of any reforms . 
  there 's russia , azerbaijan and kazakhstan , who are noticeably wealthier than other post-soviet states ( leaving baltics out here ) , even if it 's mostly due to oil . 
  belarus might be completely dependant on russia and have worst situation with democracy in europe , but their economy is still way better off than ukraine . 
  georgia has made some good improvements in democracy and fighting corruption . 
  so yes , most are so lucky because of natural resources , but we 're not exactly lightyears ahead . 
  if anything , latvia 's and lithuania 's emigration is not something people would aim for . 
  nevertheless , i think emigration in moldova and ukraine is even worse at this point , it 's just they have n't had proper censuses recently to reveal that . 
  of course , because in addition to the obvious similar looks , learning the language comes way more easily due to linguistic similarities . 
  in addition to those that live there , there are tens of thousands who work in finland , but still live in estonia . 
  so there 's actually even more estonians in finland than official statistics show . 
  however , our small population really limits further migration , so i do n't expect the number of estonians to grow much more in the future . 
  i 'm not going into in-depth academical databases to search on this topic , because i really do n't want to spend so much time on it . 
  but a simple google search on it gives you plenty of responses . 
  such as [ this ] ( http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/nazi-germany/nazi-germany-dictatorship/ ) or [ our dear reddit ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/badhistory/comments/2q7fy8/the_hitler_was_popularly_elected_myth_or_how_to/ ) . 
  so here , let me state clearly : hitler was not elected democratically , but this is often falsely claimed because they still followed the letter of the law . 
  just so you could not have any false claims on me `` systematically denying/whitewashing etc '' anything . 
  nevertheless , you do n't seem to want to get back to the original discussion , and if you still do n't , no need to reply . 
   we have now established that according to your criteria , most eu powers and us are not democracies , as there 's no real political choice in those states on national level . 
  there 's just vote for one proponent of status quo , versus another proponent of status quo , that have only minimal differences in their points . 
  nope , that 's all your own mind , projecting yet again stuff on me that i never claimed . 
  democracy works in both usa and eu . 
  even though usa is a two-party system which is often called less democratic , it does work just like a two-party system should work . 
  governing parties change once in a while . 
  and in eu ? 
  i mean , not only do governments constantly change , we even have niche parties becoming mainstream , just think of all the euroscpeptics , the new parties in spain , greece etc. 
   we have also established that leaders that win by landslides because they do differentiate themselves enough from others and enjoy massive popular support are also not democracies . 
  `` we '' as in your mind again . 
  i never claimed anything like that . 
  winning by landslide is normal , especially in extraordinary circumstances , but not all the time by the same party . 
   yeah , i think any credibility you have on this subject in the eyes of anyone with reasonable comprehension of history is gone should they ever bother reading this far . 
  you live in your own little bubble world and you 're out of touch with reality . 
  is this your strategy of winning arguments ? 
  you project some easily-countered arguments on others and hope they accept those out of ignorance ? 
  something 's seriously wrong with you . 
  one hyperbole after another , with each of your claim it 's like i 'd be reading about some crazy extremist , just look your comments , `` massive internal moral corrpution '' , `` complete denial of history '' . 
  seriously wtf ? 
  have you actually talked to other people on this topic ? 
  because nazis rising to power democratically is a very common claim . 
  i admit i 'm not a historian , and i 'm not going to grab a book right now as i do n't need to prove anything , i 'm not writing an official thesis or anything . 
  and maybe you are one ( a historian ) , i do n't know , that could help explain your overly-dramatic reactions . 
  or maybe not even that . 
  i mean , even if i wrote `` nazis rose to power with democracy '' into an official history book , i would probably be called ignorant and unfamiliar with the topic at most , but not `` complete denial of history '' , over one sentence , like you do . 
  okay , then just correct me on that , but the point stands . 
  nazis rising to power was n't the main discussion point at all , so i do n't understand how could you end up with the claims you 've made ( and nazis rising to power democratically is widely used as a comparison , even if not correct , but let 's not get into that ) . 
  for example , belarusians elected lukashenka in 1994 what were considered fair and democratic elections . 
  he 's , also , by far , the most popular politician in the country still today .
