  your russian population can be weaponized . 
  latvia and lithuania have tried that , to temporarily shut down russian channels that deliberatedly have shown propaganda , but it does n't work . 
  it only feeds the not-too-rare notion of baltics being russophobic countries that `` fear the truth '' . 
  what is more , russian media have been proven many times to openly lie , but russians continue to trust them ( at least more than western counterparts , that is ) . 
  besides , internet is accessible to pretty much everyone , so we would have to become a rather restrictive country to start blocking russian internet sites based on the content 's perceived hostility . 
  our media freedom is generally ranked very high , so i 'd rather keep that . 
  we would never win by becoming as bad as russia , but just pro-west , that would push russians away for sure . 
  we may have some influence by being more free , more developed , with more opportunities , with more tolerance etc. 
  also , ukraine is somewhat doing all what you 're proposing . 
  we 'll see how that affects them , but ukraine is also kinda different as they have russian-speakers who have strong ukrainian indetity ( stronger than russian , that is ) . 
  it 's very difficult to find russian-speakers with as strong estonian identity , though . 
  native language pretty much sets one 's identity here . 
   but then 25 % of the population are ethnic russians . 
  do they deserve their language to be recognized ? 
  the thing is that russian is so widely spoken anyway that the language does n't really suffer from not being recognized here . 
  as i also said , it * de facto * acts as # 2 language anyway , so you can kinda survive with only russian here . 
  of course , there are also historical factors as russian became so widespread because of mass immigration during soviet era . 
  the problem for us is that it should never start rivaling estonian , which is the main language here . 
   but i think it 's a very serious problem that you have segregation in your schools and that should be prevented . 
  yes , but you can only imagine the massive whining about evil estonians destroying russian schools , because the unitary system would only be in estonian language . 
  also , even if a unitary system might work for some regions , majority of russians live in concentrated areas away from estonians anyway ( mostly in north-east , tallinn and by lake peipsi ) . 
  you can take a look [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tpifips.jpg ) . 
   what 's the percentage of russian-ethnic estonians in the overall population ? 
  ethnic russians make up about 25 % and ethnic estonians about 70 % of estonia 's popuation . 
   is your government trying to do something to enable them so that they do n't become hostile to estonia ? 
  all the time . 
  they recently opened a russian-language state tv channel . 
  the language and information sphere is the biggest problem , by far , as most russians basically follow russian media ( and so their views and values are formed from those ) . 
  so obviously , conflicts emerge just as where western-russian conflicts lay . 
  for example , support for nato is 91 % among estonians , while only 31 % among russians ( 48 % are against ) . 
  you could imagine their views on events in ukraine also largely reflect those of moscow . 
  of course , there are constant internal arguments as well . 
  like what status should russian language have ( estonians are fiercely against any official status , just as it currently has , although * de facto * , russian acts as # 2 language ) . 
  language of education ( currently , estonians study in estonian schools , russians in russian schools ) . 
  and so on ... 
  greece caused its own crisis , but the handling of the crisis was not the best . 
  i mean , the troika seriously [ misjudged ] ( http://multiplier-effect.org/files/2013/08/fig4-real-gdp_greek-sa-2013.png ) the impact of austerity measures on greek economy . 
  nevertheless , there was a very damaging decision from greeks themselves as well , which was their little syriza adventure . 
  this made greek crisis years longer . 
  just look at the [ economic confidence ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c3azigewmaeuvpg.jpg ) , which was on full path to recovery , but was then completely destroyed ( and has not recovered to this day ) . 
  it 's been bad decisions after bad decisions ... 
  where did you assume that ? 
  i 've not said anywhere that i 'm expecting them to pay it all back . 
  i merely said the handling of the crisis has been horrible in greece , which lays blame on greece , but also the `` troika '' ( imf , european commission , european central bank ) . 
  in estonia , it 's a complicated case . 
  estonian orthodox church split from patriarchate of moscow in 1920s . 
  at that time , there were relatively few russians in estonia , and most of the orthodox believers were estonian converts . 
  today , estonians are largely irreligious , while russians declare to be increasingly religious ( following the trend in russia , as orthodox is deemed to be a vital part of being a russian ) . 
  when estonia re-gained its independence , the estonian orthodox church was restored , but a new moscow patriarchate estonian orthodox church ( `` russian church '' ) was formed , which also claims to be historical successor of the interwar church ( though now under russian leadership ) . 
  this has caused `` church war '' in estonia , as both claim the historical church buildings and other properties . 
  in reality , the russian church is way more powerful , as there are little estonian orthodox believers left , while number of russians has skyrocketed . 
  the latter was registered only in 2002 , though , after a long battle of trying to be recognized . 
  one of the fiercest fights was for the [ alexander nevsky cathedral ] ( http://static1.nagi.ee/i/p/09/93/000209935c69e9_m.jpg/1 ) , which is the main orthodox church in estonia , situated on toompea hill , tallinn , right next to estonian parliament . 
  it has been controversial since its construction , as it was supposed to show russian dominance over estonia . 
  when estonia gained independence in 1920 , some wanted to demolish it . 
  in late 1930s , during estonianization period , the russian orthodox community was expelled and replaced by estonian orthodox community ( as it was in such an important place ) . 
  estonian orthodox church wanted it back , but after years of arguments , it was rented to russian church instead . 
  the owner is the city of tallinn , though . 
  the russian church is controversial , though , as moscow patriarchate is deemed to be a puppet of putin 's russia , and as estonia actually split from moscow patriarchate in 1920s . 
  sorry , us affairs are not something i 'd follow too closely . 
  we 'll never know how greece might have performed in that scenario ( bankruptcy and leaving eurozone ) , but we do n't have any modern economies that would have performed as bad as greece . 
  almost all economic indicators of greece are depressing . 
  the country is into its what ? 
  9th year of crisis ? 
  over a million people lost jobs , unemployment is above 20 % , gdp slashed by a quarter ( and still no recovery whatsoever ) etc. 
  all that has been achieved is a balanced budget , but at what cost !? 
  hell , i ca n't justify forgiving debts , as / u/olddoc explained , pushing private investors ' risks onto taxpayers was a huge mistake already . 
  i am still not sure if this was even legal according to lisbon treaty article 125 . 
  i 'm not condoning greece 's budgetary performance in any way , they largely cooked that soup themselves . 
  however , all the `` rescue package '' deals have not worked in favour for greece either . 
  i mean , baltic countries took painful austerity measures as well , but that increased our export competitiveness and as neighbours recovered , foreign trade pulled us back on track as well . 
  however , that has not happened in greece even as europe in general is currently growing very well . 
  greek economy has been very dependent on internal demand , so austerity measures just do n't work too well . 
   why are those considered random . 
  you have russia propping up a gov who uses chemical weapons on its own people . 
  russia invading a sovereign nation , and election hacking . 
  all of these might be unacceptable for usa , but they are all rather different events . 
  for us in particular , ukraine is the biggest concern . 
   they do n't well , if we still at least try to treat russia as a potential partner , they do . 
  russia may be a very inconvenient neighbour , but they are still our neighbour , a big and rather powerful one , with also natural resources we need . 
   us made it clear that lifting sanctions would only be considered when ru pulls out of ukraine yes , but now they would need to pull out of syria and un-meddle ( ? ), 
  in us elections ? 
  having a surplus can be achieved by just cutting costs drastically as well ( which greece kinda did ) . 
  that does n't mean recovery , it can even mean a deeper recession . 
  it 's fixing your budget , though , which is * something * at least . 
  having two lost decades is absolutely not normal . 
  maybe italy comes close ( which is a rather sad story itself ) , but greece is considerably poorer than italy . 
  greece 's economic activity is currently on the same level as in 2001 . 
  greece will probably be the poorest euro area member in a few years and it might not be impossible for bulgaria to take over long-term , making greece the poorest country in the union . 
  it 's not just `` taking longer to stabilize '' , it 's a complete disaster . 
  i mean , russia 's gdp per capita might overtake them in a few years . 
  am i wrong to believe the best is also clearly behind greece ? 
  i mean , 25 % plunge in gdp , no recovery at all , there 's at least two lost decades for the economy and the debt burden remains sky high . 
  it 's a disaster , nothing less . 
  we gain and lose nothing from this , if you do n't know . 
  baltics are not gas transit countries . 
  we 're just worried about germany 's dependancy on a hostile anti-eu regime . 
  us sanctions are rather random , though , they punish russia for basically everything us does n't like , from syria to ukraine to alleged intervention in us elections . 
  sanctions ca n't work like that , they need to be tied to specific actions and should be possible to be reversed in a clear course of action . 
  therefore , i do n't think eu should join them .
