  germany is at least a big country so enough companies care . 
  baltics are like the black hole in the union , i think we 're still the only region in eu where playstation network and xbox live are unavailable , not to mention all kind of other music and video services . 
  this despite the fact that we use the euro ( no currency hassle ) and most of the customers speak english ( no need for local language , although it would be polite of course ) . 
  still , it 's not even rare to get russian service instead as `` educated '' ` muricans seem to be stuck in 1980s or so . 
  it 's getting frustrating . 
  rail baltic is a hot topic here right now , because huge funds have been allocated already and we should be finishing on choosing the final route ( it seems one notable natural protection area stands in the way ) . 
  otherwise , i think in estonia it has pretty much a green light and will be almost a straight line from tallinn to latvian border , passing through p\u00e4rnu ( 4th largest town , mostly known as summer resort ) . 
  latvia is having some decent progress aswell , but then we have lithuania . 
  from kaunas to polish border , they have already built a poorer single track railway , which should n't be part of rail baltic , but it seems more and more that this half-solution will stay . 
  poland itself seems also to have small interest in the section from warsaw to lithuanian border . 
  which is really a shame because this should be a decent connection of baltics ( and finland ) to central europe and it seems cooperation just does n't work with khm ... * some * countries . 
   russia is destined to be a superpower . 
  she may fall behind from time to time , she may lose wars , but she always comes back , stronger and determined . 
  well that 's a delusion already . 
  nobody is ` destined to be a superpower ' , history and circumstances make it so . 
  predicting future is much like gambling , but it 's pretty clear russia will not be a superpower anymore . 
  if we look at the 1.3 billion china , which is on track to become world 's largest economy with its stable growth of over 7 % for decades , increasing presence in world markets and upgrading military , we can easily see china is on the way to become one ( compared to usa , it 's still not there ) . 
  basically the economy is based on natural resources , with volatile commodity prices affecting economic performance . 
  minimum wage is 20 times smaller than germany 's , the country it once beat in the wwii . 
  geopolitically , it has been making more enemies than allies - central europe and baltics into eu and nato , georgia and even their ` slavic brothers ' ukrainians now striving for the west . 
  not only , these countries have now very negative opinion of russia . 
  its attempts to create some ussr 2.0 / copy of eu / eurasian union does n't really work out , because even such countries like belarus and kazakhstan do n't want too close connections with such aggressive neighbour . 
  the current economic crisis and europe 's growth is making this only more prevalent . 
  yeah , military spending is soaring , but russia will still be a complete midget compared to nato . 
  do n't also forget that this money comes at the expense of russians ' life quality , which is currently suffering deepest drop in 15 years . 
  russia has been moving into a more closed society , with revitalization of soviet past . 
  it seems that the country has less and less of today to be proud of , and clinges to its past . 
  the soviet victory day is the largest celebration in the country , which unfortunately for them , is n't really gladly shared in most of europe , where soviet union is seen as a occupating dictatorship instead , not to mention a completely idiotic regime . 
  nah , russia lacks any pull factor . 
  moscow 's wealth might flatter some poor central asians , but their $ 500 wages will make most europeans only gasp air . 
  countries do n't want to be associated with russia either - the big market is extremely volatile due to unfavourable political game , but also the ruble on roller-coaster is n't something you want from an export partner . 
  eastern europe will choose eu if it can , and central asia is looking towards china . 
  even as russia has dominated the regions for centuries in the history . 
  considering your location and that russia is not even among top 10 export partners of germany , i seriously doubt that . 
  what is more , tallinn is only a few hundred kilometres of direct road and railway to st. petersburg and riga less than 1 ' 000 km of direct road and railway to moscow . 
  if anything , then baltic agricultural producers are way more dependant on russia than germany . 
  you wo n't replace a 140-million next door market with a new one that quickly . 
  russian embargo here has had bigger impact on : a ) pig farmers ( and an even bigger issue for them is african swine fever ) b ) dairy farmers ( combined effect of closed russian market and abolition of eu dairy quotas = considerably lower prices ), 
  how could russian embargo hit -37 % for germany and yet estonia and latvia , who are right next to russia , would actually improve ? 
  some people are extremely overestimating the impact russian market has on europe . 
  unless , of course , there is already very dense movement taking place , such as thousands of swedes working daily in denmark , latvians shopping in lithuania , estonians working in finland , tourist travels etc. 
  not to mention the fast transportation of goods because of lack of border checks , the public money saved etc. 
  schengen is not unnecessary , especially for those using a single currency too . 
  if we removed one of the few things where eu actually has an easily felt benefit for common people , do n't expect the union to last much longer . 
  here 's the problem - russia is not playing simply a business game here , as much as you 'd like to believe that . 
  otherwise , poland and baltics , which are nearer to russia , would n't have to pay more than most of europe for gas . 
  for putin , gazprom is a convenient political tool aswell . 
  i hope you have understood by now that russia does n't quite enjoy a strong eu , so there 's that to consider . 
  it really seems frustrating that the proposed eu energy union is being absolutely ignored , but not only , apparently , it actually makes sense for some to increase our reliance on russia even more . 
  i do n't even doubt that these steps would make germany only more silent on anything concerning russia , as it clearly does n't want to harm its no . 
  1 cheap energy source . 
  this makes `` business as usual '' a complete bs argument . 
   funny they vote more for putin than any other groups in russia i wonder how can you even measure that considering all four large finno-ugric nations of russia are minorities in their ` republics ' , so statistics there are heavily bent towards russians . 
  i doubt that you ask about ethnicity when going to the polling station . 
   they are more finno uguric people in russian than in estonia and their decline is slower than your population decline . 
  oh , let 's just see . 
  population of mordvins + udmurts + maris + komi in russia : 1989 : 1 ' 425 ' 833 . 
  change : -13.3 % population of estonians in estonia : 1989 : 963 ' 281 2011 : 907 ' 937 change : -5.7 % does n't quite add up now , does it ? 
  so that 's why i 'm asking , successful for who . 
  not for finno-ugric culture , that 's for sure . 
  at least we 're not a minority in our native country . 
  that would n't be the case if we had n't left ussr . 
   russian in estonia are often marginalized and threated as second class citizens in non-majority russian areas . 
  it 's a well known fact . 
  plus you are one of the most russophobes countries in the world . 
  oh fuck you with that russophobia already . 
  you could call us putinophobes maybe , but not we 're not against russians as a nation . 
  i 've said like a dozen times that we have a russian church right next to our parliament and a russian theatre right next to freedom square . 
  can you find any other non-russian countries like that ? 
   russian language in estonia is spoken and there 's information in russian not thanks to you , but because the russian community keeps it alive and has the support of russia , specially financially . 
  seriously , do you even know anything about that ? 
  all russian schools here , every ... single ... one ... is funded by estonian state and municipalities , there 's no russian money involved . 
  the only thing russia `` helps '' with are some idiotic soviet celebrations and some very questionable pro-putin foundations . 
  we 'd really prefer you did n't `` help '' at all , to be honest . 
   russia is taught in schools , but if i ca n't speak estonian i 'm pretty much fuck in terms of things related to the government ( health , education , justice , etc. 
  ) , despite being a national of the country and part of a 25 % community . 
  that just shows your level of integration . 
  oh , and i can say the same thing about finno-ugrics in russia , who ca n't get any job at government sector without knowing russian , and who , unlike russians here , live in their native lands . 
  fortunately for you , there are no aggressive neighbours that would invade you to protect oppressed finno-ugric speakers . 
   there is a state law about state support and protection of the karelian , vepsian and finnish languages in the republic of katelia . 
  and then we take a simple look at some census data , to see that the share of russians has increased basically every year at the expense of finno-ugrics in the republic . 
  karelians used to form 37 % of the republic 's population in 1926 and now form only 7 % . 
  it 's pretty clear they are not going to last much longer . 
  see , that 's the thing . 
  you have those laws that should protect the minorities and yet they do n't . 
  so that 's it ? 
  everything seems fine on paper , but in reality , it 's bad . 
  if you think that 's fine then i 'm not surprised why russia is such a mess . 
  okay , let me ask you . 
  russia is a country which tries to act very protectively about russian-speakers abroad , up to the point that it 's ready to invade its neighbouring countries for that claimed goal . 
  at the same time , it gives next to no fucks about native finno-ugrics dying out in their own native lands . 
  so is it just me or is it wrong to prioritize one single nation out of all the others that way and call it a `` multi-ethnic federation '' ? 
   yeah , that totally justifies the way you treat them in the present . 
  they are as native as you . 
  they born there . 
  how do we treat them ? 
  require them to know the state language to get the passport ? 
  how 's that different from russia ? 
   why they would have their own country ? 
  they are historically part of russia for many centuries and russia is a multi-ethnic country , with people of all backgrounds and mix acestrancy .
