  younger generation can probably use english better than swedish . 
  my own grandchildren ( yes i 'm old ) are using english to talk to each other as often if not more often than swedish . 
  oh , sounds so utopic to me . 
  because it 's totally not almost exactly the same in estonia nowadays . 
   does it mean there is a threat of the us or uk taking over sweden ? 
  yes , because we clearly believe that here . 
  have n't you seen all those xenophobic eastern europeans here call uk and us as neo-colonists ? 
  i had the impression you did . 
  also , i 'm so ashamed to use english here and i totally have the idea that everybody in the world should speak estonian , a language never spoken more by some 1.2 million or so people in the world . 
  seriously , stop taking people that disagree with you as some retards . 
  i 've grown up in a world rather similar to most of the western world . 
   shunning people because russia has used a retarded concept of `` russian speakers '' in their propaganda does n't mean a thing . 
  we 're forcing soviet-era immigrants to choose , whether they 're part of estonia or part of russia . 
  we do n't want a deeply split society like in ukraine which is willing to kill each other because of foreign powers . 
  that does n't mean they have to stop speaking their native language or stop cultivating their culture . 
  but it 's also clear those who choose russian citizenship are from that moment , foreigners to us , and not our responsibility . 
  about 55 % have chosen estonian citizenship , 25 % russian and the rest are yet to decide , and their number is falling every year . 
  the problem is being solved . 
   turks are an immigrants . 
  ex-ussr citizens which were left behind in latvia are the people who probably have lived there most of their lives before the fall of ussr . 
  we 're not talking about a modern immigrants , we 're talking about people who were already there when the country became independent . 
  here 's your mistake . 
  they ** are ** immigrants . 
  russians in estonia and latvia have all the same features that turks in germany do - they live exclusively in towns and cities ( in estonia at least , russians ' share in countryside is less than 5 % ) , often in isolated groups by themselves . 
  they also do n't have a historical connection to the country , they have not formed a separate identity from the country they came from etc. 
  just because they ` survived ' collapse of ussr , does n't change the fact . 
   poland to get nearly eur 106 bln from 2014-2020 eu budget pool and how has this to do with their opposition to putin 's russia and defence spending ? 
  greece is one of the largest net beneficiaries aswell , yet they 're rather pro-russia . 
   and again , clinging to the specific language is pointless in our day and age of a global world . 
  do you live in a parallel reality ? 
  because language is pretty much one of the most important issues in any country . 
  look at all the troubles with ukrainian-russian in ukraine , hell even latin americans with their spanish in usa are causing trouble . 
  and that is a country of immigrants . 
  also , i already asked , are turks in germany granted citizenship without them knowing german ? 
  no , they 're not . 
  and * ius soli * is not in use anywhere in europe . 
  why should estonia or latvia be different here ? 
   weasel word really ? 
  i advise you to re-read my comment . 
  i specifically mention a group of people that do n't know the language and watch russian media . 
  there 's nothing vague there , i can even use a term we use for them here : * homo soveticus * . 
  there . 
   not a week is passing by without some article about poland or other eastern european country attempting to drag the rest of us into an open conflict with russia or extort money from the rest of us by crying wolf . 
  i see , so you see some poland or `` other eastern european country '' claiming something , you very strongly twist the message ( i 've no idea where you 've seen anybody ask for open conflict , and poland has been raising its defence spending a lot lately , so i do n't see how they 'd be extorting money , more like burning it ) and because we 're all the same , right , so easy to group them into one single entity and apply the most negative stereotypes . 
  i 'm really tired for explaining this over and over again . 
  these people can easily obtain a russian citizenship without having to learn anything . 
  most of them just do n't bother because estonia and latvia issue ` gray passports ' for them which give them visa free access to both eu and russia . 
  just continue to read all that russian sorrow story about people are unfairly left without citizenship , who have ` no rights ' and you might believe we do have some fascist-style discrimination going on here . 
  but do n't come to me with some moral high ground like that 's actually the case and we 're embracing it . 
  just keep it to yourself , i have no interest in dealing with that propaganda . 
   and the best way to solve it is to isolate those people , shun them and pretend they do n't exists . 
  because not giving them citizenship equals that . 
  do n't be so melodramatic , we have free language courses , integration programs and so on . 
   many have tried this tactics before , failed every time . 
  as opposed to the `` incredible success '' of ukraine , where some russian-speakers with ukrainian citizenship literally kill ukrainians ? 
   your fixation on importance of the specific language is also one of the traits you share with most post ussr countries , while at the same time even russians recognize local languages within certain federal subjects \\ states . 
  russia is a multi-ethnic federation and estonia is a nation state . 
  how the hell can you say russia `` even '' recognizes minority languages ? 
  they * have * to recognize , they have grabbed foreign nations ' land to themselves . 
   justified or not , it definitely has nothing to do with ` european values ' you claim to cherish . 
  please , tell me more about turks not having to learn german in germany , or moroccans not having to learn french in france . 
  what the hell are you even comparing us to ? 
   you truly see russians as an inferior barbarians , are n't you ? 
  not once did i mention `` russians '' , `` all russians '' etc , i always watch my wording with that . 
  i mentioned only a group of people , and by that , i mean one certain group of russians . 
  it 's certainly you that has formed his view about baltics through russian media . 
  you already insist i hate russians etc , while i have n't mentioned anything like that anywhere . 
  true , i strongly dislike the putinist * homo soveticus * , for sure , but it 's your problem if you equal them to all russians , not mine . 
   criminal penalty for communist symbols not in estonia , at least . 
  otherwise , you 'd see thousands of russians arrested each year . 
   `` non-citizens '' considering the alternative would be hundreds of thousands of `` baltic citizens '' that do n't speak a word of estonian/latvian , watch russian media 24/7 - so they have no idea what 's going on here ( all their information comes from kremlin sources and they even ca n't communicate with locals ) but can vote for our future , i 'd rather have how it is . 
   forced name mangling again , not in estonia . 
  names are written as they originally are ( unless they 're in a foreign alphabet ) . 
  the politics would definitely imply sweden . 
  even in 1930s , when estonia and finland were very close , sweden was prioritized over us when it came to defence . 
  we also failed to secure an alliance with lithuania and poland , due to these countries ' conflict over vilnius . 
  only latvia remained and in the end , our leaders just gave up without a single shot . 
  and who can really blame you ? 
  choose a 10-million wealthy high technology arms producer safely distant from russia , and who 's got a land connection with you , or a 1.3-million poor one across the gulf , geographically easily invadable by russia . 
  not a tough choice . 
  but hey , that 's why we desperately need an alliance ( nato ) . 
  who would state otherwise ? 
  i certainly would n't . 
  but the very high support of greece , for example , to russia , even after they 've invaded and annexed their neighbour , are holding propaganda war against the west and trying to undermine eu , is very worrysome for me . 
  it 's like they lack any criticism because of historical alliance . 
  and that 's very balkan to me , in a bad way , and weakens eu unity . 
  i understand that , but it 's very alien to me to belong into a union you do n't like . 
  why are you even a part of it in such case ? 
  maybe that 's because we do n't have a similar case in estonia ( or well , if you count soviet union as a ` union ' , then we do , and well , we would never have been part of it if we could choose ... ), 
  that 's one example of problems in eu when trying to unite the continent . 
  for you in greece , russia is seen as an ally due to help against ottomans . 
  ottoman occupation lasted centuries and i guess that 's also probably the reason why orthodox church is still strong there ( symbol of strength , resistance ? 
  ) , also another connection with russia . 
  ancient greek gods are way cooler , though . 
  sorry , had to say that . 
  however , for us , the case 's the opposite . 
  russia has historically been more of an enemy and the relations continue to be bad to this day . 
  the problem here is imo , eu countries should prioritize its members first . 
  i 'd support greece before turkey just because greece 's in eu and turkey is not . 
  that 's an important value of eu in my opinion .
