  then again , i do find wooden house districts like kalamaja very cozy and very estonian , and i think rotermanni is rather great example of revitalization of abandonded industrial area . 
   but estonians have a great distaste for the russian church as many view it as a symbol of russian power unfitting to the medieval old town . 
  some estonians * for the rest of us , the building is a symbol of tallinn . 
  yes , it was built as a symbol of russian dominance but that 's an important part of tallinn 's history , is n't it ? 
  it 's already over 100 years old and under heritage protection . 
  it 's a national monument . 
  also , concerning it `` not fitting into the old town '' , there has already been a compromise - it was painted in 1990s from [ this ] ( https://register.muinas.ee/content/photolibrary/regular/247379.jpg ) to [ this ] ( http://www.roerich.ee/photos/normal/church_nevsky_cathedral_04.jpg ) to match the rest of the area . 
  soo ... could we get any further information on this ? 
  who exactly bought what ? 
  is the buyer a russian state company ? 
  how important are the albanian media outlets ? 
  this post says very little as it is . 
  you also leave massively , so gdp per capita grows . 
  i mean , it 's not even a joke , lithuania has lost 20 % of its population since joining eu . 
  this makes gdp per capita grow a lot , but at what cost ... 
   once you `` save '' people from drowning you can no longer return them legally without the country they left from agreeing . 
  do we really have to save them ? 
  maybe this is cynical , but in the end , do we have such obligation ? 
  it 's not like these people are forced onto the sea , they are doing it themselves . 
  does europe become responsible for all those lives all of a sudden ? 
  people risk with their lives themselves for an illegal action , this should not be rewarded imo . 
  also maybe it would be wiser to , you know , not go all `` refugees welcome ! '', 
  but the opposite , lock them up to say that they are absolutely unwelcome to europe and what they are doing is illegal . 
  anything to dissuade them from coming to europe . 
  i understand the need for refuge , but ca n't we have a solution where people apply for refuge in eu outside europe and only when they are accepted , are they taken to the assigned place ? 
  at the same time , all those illegal crossings are taken as they are -- crime , and people that do it -- criminals . 
   we are n't talking about massive amount or permanent quota 's here . 
  just lightening the burden they have to carry . 
  2000 people for the entire v4 while belgium takes 1400 , germany 11000 and france 7000 . 
  is that so unreasonable ? 
  i do n't think so , which is why i support quotas for estonia . 
  however , that still does n't mean i would support forcing those that are against them . 
  migration flows are a very sensitive topic , uk at the very least is a proof of that . 
  however , this time , it 's about non-eu citizens , who do not ( should not ) have any special rights in eu . 
  i 've heard this so many times , but the truth is , i do n't want to participate in that at all . 
  maybe i 'm egoistic but i 'm not willing to take in muslims who are `` generally moderate '' but if i do not do `` my job '' properly aka integrate them well enough , some of them turn into terrorists and of course , it 's all my fault . 
  then i must not be islamophobic and not target the entire group , but only condemn terrorism , because i might turn the ones who have stayed `` moderate '' into terrorists as well . 
  but even that does n't guarantee i wo n't have more attacks etc. 
  it 's an endless cycle that does start with taking a massive amount of muslims in the first place . 
  now i 'm sorry for the decent muslims , but it 's really not my problem is n't it ? 
  they have to root out that terrorist problem themselves , i 'm not going to risk with my people 's lives for that , i do n't have such obligation . 
  and what concerns terrorism by europeans , i do n't see how that makes anything better . 
  yes , we are not some ubermench who are all civilized angels , we have our own lunatics as well . 
  however , why would i then take people who have proportionally even more of them ? 
  why make things even worse ? 
  hiding behind sovereignity ? 
  what ? 
  do you realize that demographics are not some random tools to play with . 
  it 's one of the most sensitive topics for a country . 
  i 'm pretty sure nobody wants foreign countries to decide who is coming to their country ( eu countries have accepted that eu citizens have this freedom , but not non-eu citizens ) . 
  furthermore , how certain can i even be that greece and italy are doing their best to stop the migration flows . 
  and even if they 're trying , maybe they 're just incredibly incompetent . 
  poland ca n't do much about it , yet they have to bare the consequences . 
  this is coming from a border country that has invested dozens of million in upgrading eu border recently ( [ border ] ( http://f8.pmo.ee/zlhmn_kdbpstrcxp2mb8t11d22a=/fit-in/1980x1980/filters:no_upscale\\ ( \\ ) / nginx/o/2017 / 05/07/6635141t1h7c2d . jpg ) , [ cordon ] ( http://static.err.ee/gridfs/94fe25a0f11e3074f2e3a34e0e6028044e03f647effc93762346e22231fcc806.jpg?width=752 ) ) . 
  can i express some frustration over trying our best here while seeing basically human trafficking taxi service on the mediterranean ? 
  in the end , this problem will never be fixed by just `` dissolving '' the refugees across the eu . 
  there 's a real possibility we face multiple times bigger migration flows in the future , and it 's certain that we just ca n't accept all those people . 
  there 's the issue of having a lot of economic migrants , but even for real refugees , europe is not the only safe place in the world . 
  it 's just insane how many people ca n't accept that there are massive problems with muslim immigrants from middle east and africa . 
  these are not made up by racists/far-rights/trump supporters . 
  of course , 90 + % of the people are normal , moderate and okay ( although some would argue even here , considering the average muslims ' views on certain issues ) . 
  but there 's still the unproportional amount of extremists that you wo n't find anywhere else in the world . 
  for christ sake , we have refugees commiting terrorist attacks !, 
  these are unseen by any groups before , do you have an example of poles ever doing that ? 
  this living in denial is incredibly stupid . 
  if you think there are no problems with taking muslims , go ahead . 
  but there are legitimate reasons for poles , for example , to refuse them . 
  if that makes them racist , at least they are racists who can be sure they wo n't be blown up while walking in their cities . 
  every nation has to have control over who comes to their country . 
  in eu , this applies to non-eu citizens at the very least . 
  if greece or italy are willing to take all these people , it does n't mean czechs are and you ca n't force them . 
  you are talking about accepted immigration , legal immigration . 
  i 'm talking about ** forced ** immigration . 
  specifically , i hinted at the colonization of baltics where over a million russians were brought here by soviet union . 
  russians are neighbours of us for centuries and yet the communities are still visibly divided . 
  i would not recommend anyone to take the same path . 
  just think how much worse it would be with people of even more foreign values . 
  and sorry , but i think not too many people look at western european immigration policies as success these days . 
  turks in germany and the netherlands still loyal to turkey , just as russians in baltics . 
  and even worse , islamist extremists and terrorist attacks . 
  it 's not unreasonable to prefer europeans , americans ( both north and south ) or east asians before middle-easterners and north africans , considering the evidence we see about how many problems they bring . 
  this is one issue where there 's a clear division . 
  it does n't mean there 's a `` fundamental incompatibility of values '' . 
  dealing with refugees is controversial in any eu country already and the official position does not necessarily reflect the popular opinions . 
   if it was voted with veto right nothing would have ever been agreed . 
  it does n't matter . 
  what we 're seeing here is basically forced demographics changes . 
  this is extremely un-european and should never be even considered . 
  but czechia 's position on this issue is nearly the same as hungary 's and poland 's . 
  look , we here are not exactly fond of hungary 's and poland 's recent performance in democracy either , but that 's another issue . 
  we 're talking about forced demographic changes and this is probably the most sensitive topic for any country . 
  and this is coming from a country that experienced massive forced immigration only a few decades ago . 
  it 's a recipe for disaster . 
  they elected corrupt pro-russia president over a fresh pro-eu one last year and we 'll see what happens next year in parliamentary elections . 
  if pro-russia forces take over , moldova 's eu-path is dead . 
  remember that this is the poorest country in europe who has the prime example of romania next door about what eu can achieve , while russia is not even their neighbour . 
   why do you want us and croats in the same union ? 
  every time we 've been a part of a union together , no matter who ruled or whose union was it , it ended violently . 
  jesus christ , you speak the same language ( even if some of you want to deny that ) . 
  it 's time to grow up and co-exist .
