  ah , we had them first !, 
  estonian song festival tradition started in 1869 , latvian one `` only '' in 1873 . 
  but they were clever to later add dance festival , which we followed then . 
  so all is well . 
  an [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=padzosjdps4 ) from estonian song festival 2014, 
  you know , some say that the opposite of love is not hate , but indifference . 
  `` uk in world war ii '' by igor mikhaylov . 
  approved by russian state duma . 
  chapter i : nazism spreading its roots chapter ii : soviet union 's resistance chapter iii : great britain and allies ' aiding ussr chapter iv : soviet union 's glorious victory, 
  i think it 's quite clear that putin is afraid of a ` colourful revolution ' in russia more than anything else . 
  it has happened in georgia , but more importantly ukraine and turned the country away from moscow , similar protests have happened even in belarus , russia 's closest ally . 
  there are specific programs in russia teaching russians to fight against these . 
  with oil prices also going down and sanctions imposed , it 's quite clear he needs russians ' `` patriotism '' to remain in power . 
  the image of an evil antagonizing west is a huge price for that , considering the economic damage , but it suits well for the purpose . 
  it 's actually tragicomical how insecure russia is about its own future . 
  did he also go to [ bratislava ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1myqy5yeld0 ) ? 
   you 're suggesting winding back one of the greatest accomplishments of the eu in spite of greece ? 
  it 's quite possible that i 've never heard a more glaring example of cutting off your nose in spite of your face . 
  i 'd certainly be against that , but the migrant crisis is surely creeping such ideas to many eu states already . 
  with italy threatening to give schengen visas to migrants , that 'd quite certainly lead to its neigbhours `` temporarily '' suspending schengen that would then turn into permanent . 
   in the long-run ( 30-50 + years ) these things could determine if the eu still exists . 
  i 'm afraid quite a lot of mistakes have been made in the past that have seriously harmed the prospects of future . 
  also , i do n't get it . 
  you take that greece 's membership in the eu might decide the fate of eu , yet there are several other problems that could do it even sooner ( uk referendum , eurosceptics in italy , etc ) . 
   the results people see are the ineffective middle-grounds of various issues -- from immigration to economics . 
  i think the stance wih immigration is not even middle-ground , it 's complete passiveness and lack of any decisive steps . 
  the problem is set to become worse with each month and yet , nothing has been decided to solve the issue . 
  redistributing migrants ? 
  the total amount of them wo n't go down because of this and europe will never be able to take in millions that are coming . 
  in addition to that , it will add tensions to certain countries ( and a special case here is baltics , where historical forced immigration has heavily traumatized the nations ) . 
   if what i say is true and they accomplish these feats then fear will dissipate ; confronted with reality . 
  i 'd really like to see the whole immigration issue dissipating , because i sure ca n't see it myself . 
   should those countries fall into the predefined criterion i am really wondering what those are . 
  debt levels at least 100 % ? 
  even esm funds would n't be enough . 
  also , would they satisfy with smaller transfers than greece ? 
  i repeat that i 'm not as optimistic as you , that things will just work out and people 's opinion shift back . 
  even creating the fiscal transfer system has been suggested by many , but not really been worked on . 
   we know , with a fair degree of certainty , what is going to happen should we fail to act . 
  do we ? 
  i think the whole story with greece is a series of failed plans and misforecasts . 
  also , i 'm quite sure you realized i did n't mean estonia getting $ 100 billion seriously , i just brought out an example that the sum is actually very large and could be used for various other means . 
   all countries would ` pay ' in proportion to their wealth all countries pay in proportion but only a single country will receive the funds ( even if it goes just for reducing debt levels ) . 
  so that would still mean direct transfers from poorer countries to richer ones . 
   failure on the part of greece to manage or control immigration  enabling immigrants to enter greece and travel throughout the eu unimpeded ah , this does n't need greece to be saved at all , it would be solved easily , the schengen system would be interrupted . 
  it 's even easier in the case of greece as it 's isolated from the rest of schengen zone . 
  that could seriously halt immigrants ' influx as they understand greece stays their final destination and that country is not exactly a dreamers ' destination nowadays . 
  also , let 's not forget that italy is another country with immigration problem . 
   greek collapse within the eurozone would surely have knock-on effects culminating in more members dropping from the club a while ago , the markets were already preparing for grexit and even europeans ' opinion shifted towards favouring it . 
  the new wave of crisis has also hit only greece and none of the other former crisis countries . 
  the risk is there , but it 's small enough to be ignored . 
   sometimes what is necessary is n't popular at the time sure , democracy is n't perfect , but i am not as optimistic as you that i could believe eu could continue ignoring popular opinion , it 's already having visible ( negative ) results . 
   as debt relief negotiations would imply furthering of fiscal transfers ( institutionally ) and a completion of the necessary structural components of a monetary union that could happen . 
  or , maybe portugal will be demanding a debt relief aswell ( why are they treated worse ? 
  ) , then spain and italy . 
  the two latter have already rather powerful eurosceptic powers , so i am afraid of an even bigger shift there . 
   this is n't a competition in which we give greece and estonia $ 100 billion and then measure budgetary efficacy . 
  we 'd not be giving greece the capital to spend how it chooses , it 's already been spent . 
  in some way , that 's even worse . 
  we ca n't be sure of the outcome at all . 
   imagine if the united states ( another currency union ) were to operate in this manner : `` oh , alabama i 'm sorry you 're unable to provide basic social services , effectively collect tax , invest for the future , and manage your border problems . 
  but you just have n't efficiently managed your budget , so instead we 're going to give that money to new york . 
  they have a huge budget surplus , so obviously they know what they 're doing . 
  i get it , but that 's the problem - the eu is not a ( con ) federation . 
  it 's a union of sovereign countries and bailouts were n't supposed to be part of this at all . 
  so we do get the question how fair it is to ask for poorer countries to bail out richer ones ? 
  also the richer ones?for `` common benefits '' ? 
  is really that rather small country quite far away that influential to us ? 
  tsipras ' `` quests '' to putin make it even worse - might this country , at some point , break away and seek alliance with russia ? 
  would we be funding a potential enemy instead ? 
  what makes it even worse is that most europeans were against the latest bailout already . 
  doing something even more grand and costly would most likely fail to gain people 's support . 
  should eu ignore people 's opinions ? 
  would that give a major boost to already popular eurosceptic countries and lead potentially to collapse of the whole union ? 
  i do n't get it why you did n't analyze estonia 's case of brain drain . 
  our population has shrunk the last 24 years in a row , much of it due to emigrating russians , sure , but estonians have also left . 
  latvia and lithuania have it even worse . 
  their populations have shrunk over 10 % in the last decade , that 's not even slightly comparable to greece , which until recently , saw growth . 
  yet , their salaries , pensions and buying power remains way higher than latvia 's and lithuania 's . 
  also , considering the history of financial management , i 'd say there 's a bigger chance the money would be used more efficiently by latvia and lithuania than by greece . 
  i 'd ask why not give money to these countries instead ? 
  even their brics-buddies brazil and south africa , anti-western venezuela and several other somewhat surprising countries incl . 
  israel have very negative views about russia . 
  well , it seems russians like it that way , because over 80 % still support putin . 
  meanwhile , it was a considerably wetter and colder july than average in northern europe . 
   the fiscal transfer from euro area members required to achieve this would represent 1 per cent of euro area gdp in one year . 
  as it would be spread over many years and across the membership , we argue the impact on other euro area members would be minimal , and that this fiscal transfer is necessary if euro area membership is to be maintained . 
  that `` just 1 % '' of euro area gdp is more than half of total eu 's yearly budget . 
  also , if we transferred the `` just 1 % '' of euro area gdp to estonia , let 's say , meaning about $ 100 billion aka 5x our gdp , would turn us into a new luxembourg . 
  what a great idea !, 
   it has become a national sport to antagonize russians  display blatant russophobia estonian government relocated a soviet occupation monument from our capital 's city centre to a cemetery . 
  which part of this is exactly russphobia ? 
  seriously , this occupation glorification must end . 
  if some russians feel so connected with soviet union , it is their problem , not ours . 
  for estonia , this was a destructive occupational regime and estonians have every right to take those monuments away . 
  also , stealing , looting , burning estonian flags , shouting `` rossiya '' and rioting in tallinn shows very clearly the attitude of those people . 
   otherwise they would have no reason to complain . 
  my recommendation is for those people to finally return to russia , if they feel more connected with that country . 
  soviet occupation is something we will never change our opinion and it wo n't be ever respected in this country . 
  this has nothing to do with one 's nation , it 's about mentality .
