  republic of estonia was created in 1918 and most russians were n't here at the time . 
  identity in usa and europe works differently . 
  obviously you get annoyed when i call you * merely * serbian . 
  usa is a melting pot and has been able to fuse people 's backgrounds , and americans know they are americans . 
  in europe , it 's a bit complicated . 
  it 's not like i would not want all russians here to feel themselves as estonians , but calling them that does n't change facts . 
  most of them * do not * feel themselves as estonians . 
   `` that 's like the most russia-sympathetic nation in europe '' and then just two sentences later : `` the way you label entire nations as nazis '' saying one nation is sympathetic towards a country , which is n't even necessarily negative , and saying they are nazi is something rather different , would n't you say ? 
   how many people born in ~ ~ shithall called ~ ~ estonia ca n't have citizenship just because they are russians or ukrainians ? 
  exactly zero . 
  firstly , this is not usa . 
  citizenship in european countries is mostly based on * ius sanguinis * , which means citizenship is given to the descendants of citizens , and is not based on which territory you were born . 
  soviet migrants were * not * descendants of estonian citizens , which is why they did not get one , no matter how long they had lived here . 
  yes , most soviet immigrants were russians , but the reason for not getting citizenship was not ethnicity , it 's just that their parents had no estonian citizenship . 
  there were russians as well that got estonian citizenship . 
  one can still become an estonian citizen being an immigrant , but this means you 'll need to prove that you are able to speak estonian language . 
  this is something many russians struggle with , but it 's their own responsibility . 
  obviously immigrants need to adapt to our country , not the other way around . 
  or would you not agree ? 
   my ancestors fight nazi 's like you came from and good nazi is just dead nazi . 
  if your country wants to be a part of democratic society it 's all good but if your country now wants to promote that part of the history and be proud i will not cry if putin wipe your shithall country out from the earth . 
  i am not sure what media you are following ( but i can guess quite well ) , but you have some pretty skewed impression . 
  what part of history do `` we '' want to promote ? 
  you 're making yourself even dumber with every comment . 
   i live in the usa . 
  your comment history says you 're serbian . 
  that 's like the most russia-sympathetic nation in europe . 
  it also says you have grudge against nato . 
  that does n't sound very unbiased , now does it ? 
  but that 's not even the most important , the way you label entire nations as nazis and how convinced you are we actually give citizenship based on ethnicity is why i 'm not even going to bother . 
  all you guys need is a picture and voila , propaganda gets to you . 
  just , for once , would you trust us in our own history , would you ? 
  baltics were already occupied by soviet union by june 1940 , and you post a meeting from july 1940 showing what ? 
  that a totalitarian dictatorship which stalin 's ussr was , could organize fake events in occupied territories ? 
  does n't the suspiciously high concentration of russian language even give you a hint ( just to note that russians were a rather tiny minority back then ) ? 
  baltics might not have been quite on western european level by that time , but soviet union was still seen as an underdeveloped country . 
  not only was its literacy rate not even close to 100 % ( which had been the case in baltics for decades already ) , it had actually mass starvation in 1930s . 
  how the hell can you think anyone in europe would have voluntarily become part of it ? 
  go read your sputnik and watch rt , i 'm not even going to bother explaining the situation to such idiots . 
  one sheep . 
  two sheep . 
  a million sheep . 
  just so that the wrong grammar would n't stick . 
  there have been * some * russians along the border , yes , but their share among our population was not too big . 
  in estonia , they historically made up about 5 % or less , compared to 25 % today or even 30 % at the end of soviet union . 
   does etv send programming in russian ? 
  news , kids programs , etc ? 
  maybe there should be even a separate , estonian-produced tv channel for russian speakers ? 
  yes , they used to have programming in russian and with the events in ukraine , they launched an entire channel . 
  you can check out their programme [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc-_vuw24tmu-hv4mbwxs6pa/featured ) . 
  it 's not too popular , though . 
  firstly we 'll never be able to compete with a 140 + million country in entertainment anyway and probably some do n't trust the `` fascist-run '' tv either . 
  the fact that it 's higher than lithuania is definitely surprising . 
   so i was thinking maybe going a bit overboard in accepting their identity - spending money on their schools etc - might be beneficial ? 
  i guess the question is do you think there can ( at some point in the future ) be an identity of a russian-speaking estonian , who is explicitly not russian ? 
  similar to the swedish-speaking finns , that is . 
  it 's been quite a while that russians here are separate from russia and a unique identity has not formed . 
  i 'm sure that 's because most of them still follow russian media every day . 
  they live physically in estonia , but mentally in russia . 
  it really feels like modern technology is being a nuisance in this question . 
  at the same time , even as russian media is known to be a propaganda factory , they still trust it more than estonian or western media . 
  and if you try to prove them otherwise , you 're the evil westerner that 's shitting on russia on purpose or whatever . 
  it 's like a game impossible to win . 
  furthermore , we do have a historical russian minority of old believers , who settled by lake peipsi , but even among them , i have not felt any separate identity . 
  maybe they had it before soviet union , but they are now a tiny minority compared to the soviet immigrants that i think they 've lost it . 
   i do think that closing down all russian-speaking schools in tallinn would help that at all . 
  i feel like you wanted to say you do * not * think that closing russian-speaking schools would help , no ? 
  but what is a bilingual country ? 
  do really number of speakers make it and if so , what 's the required share ? 
  i 'd understand that it 's a country that works in two languages . 
  for example , finland is clearly bilingual , even though it has just 5 % swedish-speakers . 
  at the same time , albanians make up 4 % in greece , turks make up 8 % in bulgaria , but they are not bilingual countries . 
  estonia and latvia are borderline as you * might * get things done in russian , you might not . 
  when it comes to legal issues , a very low chance . 
  education , you can get it in russian etc. 
  then there are regional disparities . 
  you 'll certainly manage with only russian in narva , but absolutely not on the western islands . 
  i 'm not saying they should , i 'm just bringing out how hypocritical it is for russia to criticise the steps . 
  i 'm not sure about ukraine , but they whine about it here constantly ( even though the only step of a bigger impact we 've taken is that 60 % of subjects in high schools are in estonian/latvian language ) . 
  even * de facto * , you could argue if it 's really bilingualism . 
  russian clearly holds # 2 position , but it never competes with estonian/latvian . 
  for example , i can easily go to a supermarket in 95 % russian-speaking narva and be sure i will always have product information , prices etc in estonian language , but it 's not the same for russian . 
  that 's because the country 's laws only oblige to do that with estonian . 
  also , despite russian being very common in estonian websites , it 's not always there . 
  for example , the [ country 's most popular theatre ] ( http://www.vanemuine.ee/ ) , [ the state real estate company ] ( http://rkas.ee/ ) or [ the finance ministry ] ( http://www.fin.ee/ ) are websites i quickly found that are available only in estonian and english . 
  things become even more one-sided with eu stuff , where there 's very little information available in russian as it 's not an official eu language . 
  not to mention that russian is not a language in which official procedures are conducted . 
  so in the end , is it really bilingualism even * de facto * or is it just that russian is quite widely spoken ? 
  i 'd say it 's more the latter . 
  i would understand it in such a situation then . 
  i ca n't stand many estonians ' position that russian is an obligatory language in estonia . 
  it should n't be . 
  it should not be obligatory for domestic affairs and local businesses as estonian is the only official language . 
  meanwhile , the * lingua franca * in europe is clearly english . 
  sure , if you plan to be active in sectors concerning russia and former ussr , russian is a must , but otherwise , not really . 
  i 'm already part of the generation that speaks russian poorly . 
  not intentionally , i actually learned it in school , but never used it . 
  however , if we get a critical mass of people that no longer speaks russian , its importance should fade from our domestic sphere . 
  it 's important that these people would not just lose a language skill , but would replace it with another , though . 
  that 's why i still plan to improve my russian , but really only because i do plan to use it outside estonia .
