  that 's a problem we have . 
  btw , what is the milk price in lithuanian stores ? 
  in estonia , 1l of 2.5 % bagged milk is 0.43 $ in my nearest store . 
  that 's definitely the cheapest price in years . 
  of course . 
  the milk quotas are no more and that means weaker players in the milk market will be pushed out so that offer and demand would reach balance . 
  that 's actually the normal result of a market economy , but the shock was probably worsened a bit due to russia 's counter-sanctions . 
  i ca n't agree with that at all . 
  first of all , the nato-russia agreement has a following clause :  in the current and foreseeable security environment and i think it 's quite clear it 's not the same security environment after russia 's actions in ukraine . 
  but even more , i agree with duda that central and eastern europe must not be seen as some kind of a buffer zone - that it 's totally ok to have nato bases in uk , germany , spain etc , but somehow the same in latvia or poland is not acceptable . 
  even worse , all that while poland and estonia actually contribute to nato more than those in western europe ( bar uk ) . 
  thirdly , there should be a reaction to putin 's russia - that west is also willing to * close an eye * to some of the non-binding agreements if russia violates international treaties ( budapest memorandum ) on its own . 
  also , it should show russia that annexing crimea will actually make their security environment considerably worse than it would have been . 
   but it 's the same the other way around , spain , italy or france never had any kind of problem with russia . 
  if you are a western democracy , opposing violent occupation and annexation in europe is , of course , your problem as well . 
  otherwise we could go as far as saying `` we do n't have a problem with isis , we 'll still trade with them '' . 
  latvia has been annexed by ~ ~ ethiopia ~ ~ grand dutchy of lithuania . 
   i 'm hinting that your country have ** only benefits ** from the eu . 
  that 's hardly the case here . 
  for example , estonia 's energy production used to be purely from burning oil shale ( which is damaging to the environment ) and that has had to be upgraded or partly replaced due to eu pressure . 
  lithuania had it even worse - they had to close their nuclear power plant , which meant end of cheap energy . 
  estonia also had a very liberal trading policy before joining eu ( except with russia ) and later , new toll taxes had to be introduced , partly damaging the export sector ( of course , getting access to eu market was considerably more beneficial , but still ) . 
  what is more , baltics get the tiniest cap funding per capita in eu and as they 're already way poorer than france , for example , their agricultural production is not competitive in the union . 
   so when i see someone from estonia complain about the eu i find it funny . 
  that 's not a healthy attitude at all . 
  it 's like just because we get more money from eu than give back , we should shut up and do as we 're told , no matter what . 
  does n't sound as a union of equals to me that way . 
  i do n't seem to grasp what you 're hinting at . 
  sanctions against russia hit us the most ( it should be clear by just looking at the map ) and estonia will take about 200 migrants * because of solidarity * . 
  the latter part is , indeed , already controversial because italy , for example , did n't suffer colonization from a larger neighbour that made rome 50 % russian-speaking or something similar . 
  we already have one of the highest % of foreigners in the eu who we 're struggling to integrate . 
  we ca n't take much more . 
  i guess development has not reached that area yet . 
  central tallinn used to have a lot of slum-like areas , with decaying small wooden building without central heating or water system , or abandonded industrial buildings . 
  a few examples , 1998 vs 2010 : [ central business district ] ( https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash2/v/t1.0-9/60405_1352727587480_2999363_n.jpg?oh=fbc50b36ded2ba4ae0a1526a5815c170&amp;oe=5639d4fa ) [ kelmik\u00fcla , central tallinn ] ( https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1287649880578&amp;set=a.1286718857303.2035491.1510124231&amp;type=3&amp;theater ) - note that the sand plot has now been filled with a new building . 
  [ rotermann quarter ] ( https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1356944732906&amp;set=a.1286718857303.2035491.1510124231&amp;type=3&amp;theater ) - note that the buildings on the right are currently under construction . 
  pictures by dan mikkin . 
  tallinn seaside area has been an absolute wasteland for decades as it was forbidden border zone during soviet occupation . 
  only now , development is reaching that area ( which should be the sweetest spot in tallinn ) - i 'm talking about [ this ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_qvetib6ynoc/ttq4tg63wfi/aaaaaaaaaay/ejbztvlodrm/s1600/old-city-marina.jpg ) plot . 
  central tartu ( estonia 's 2nd biggest town ) had it even worse . 
  most of central districts were bombed down ( part of the old town as well ) in wwii and it was n't really rebuilt during soviet era . 
  [ this ] ( http://images.orkut.com/orkut/photos/ogaaag16wfd-cqhy7-tnlw5tthtsvnw4ioyonfqwbansesqktawtdqa28aybpj-m0rgujjnv0no8zsodeqrj21j8jzgam1t1uccy6whr8pcyvbk39iyylcyr7mtb.jpg ) is how empty the centre looked a while ago . 
  one of the biggest buildings near the river is already 2000s additions , the other one is from before wwii , two big ones have been added by now and one is under construction right now . 
  so , yeah , let 's just say soviet era did n't exactly benefit our towns too much . 
  it 's often weird to think for estonians that belarus borders latvia and lithuania . 
  you seem so distant for some reason , until we take a look at the map - belarusian border is closer to south-eastern estonia than tallinn . 
  i have seen so much anti-western and pro-russia sentiment in serbia that i 'm really afraid they 'd turn into a trojan horse . 
  ukraine needs to reform itself and get the economy on tracks before even considering a candidate status and if the conflict in the east is not solved , i do n't see them approaching eu anymore . 
  believe it or not , i do think they should move closer to the eu , but with putin ? 
  hah , israel joining is even more likely than that . 
   the european union , which gets about 30 percent of its gas from russia , may be gazprom 's only growing market this year , the government in moscow said last month . 
  gazprom has boosted fuel sales to the 28-nation bloc since the end of may as brent crude slumped 21 percent . 
  most of the company 's gas contracts are linked to the price of oil . 
  absolutely meaningless to take eu-28 as a single bloc in this case as there 's no common energy market . 
  germany might be a good customer for russia , paying low prices , but those more vocal against putin , such as poland or baltics , must pay considerably higher prices . 
  it seems that solidarity ends here . 
   than again , i imagine that the baltics are celebrating : no more russians with their barbaric tastes , these gopniks in tracksuits , you 're finally left with tourists you really feel culturally connected with . 
  yeah , no . 
  unfortunately , glorious cccp has left us such a `` nice '' legacy that such people will always be here . 
  to be honest , tourists from russia are mostly way more intelligent and well-behaved as most of them are from st. petersburg . 
  also , please stop victimizing russians already , it 's getting annoying . 
  yes , the glorious nation of russians must never see the developed world , they must work hard for the motherland and believe it 's the best place in the world !, 
  also , better support putin or else fascists will come and conquer russia !, 
  so i guess it 's a mentality thing then ... oh well , enjoy your -4.6 % growth there then . 
  also , remember not to let putin down , otherwise a colourful revolution might occur and fascists may come to power . 
  and fighting them is already what you 're best at . 
  good luck !, 
   why on earth should we spend our money ( that are getting pretty scarce anyways ) to invest into your economy when we 've got ours seriously , wtf ? 
  do you even know how capitalism works ? 
  money is invested in places where it is believed it will bring profit . 
  maybe in russia , there are also special programs to invest in putin-friendly places just to ensure political dominance , but in the developed world , that 's not the case . 
  also , you seem to think that russia is some kind of an important investor in baltics , while that 's not the case , has n't been since 1990s already . 
   were n't you personally the one to say that `` national railways seem to be some corruption nests , dominated by russian language and dubious relations with russia '' ? 
  so , i do n't want our railways to be corruption nests with too close ties to putin 's russia and you translate that as wanting to stop all relations with russia ? 
  wow . 
  just to be clear , i 'd actually want to have good relations with all of our neighbours , having enemies is just bad as it not only damages the economic potential , international reputation or cooperation , it is also a tool for populists ( eg for putin to show how evil west is about to destroy russia , you must be loyal to your true leader , or also here , some local idiots tell to pick us or russia invades etc ) . 
  but i guess looking at russia 's `` great '' reputation recently and support towards putin , i suppose that 's not the case among our eastern neighbours . 
  always some fascists to fight . 
   yep , and so we should . 
  cut the economic ties ( there 's not much to loose anyways ) , stop investing into your economy , stop using your ports , stop corrupting your officials ( kek ) , forget about you and simply leave you be to concentrate on our own country . 
  is n't that what you 've always wanted ? 
  hmm , and there it comes out - the baltic-hating russian . 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  so , why stop with baltics ? 
  stop any trade or communication with the rest of the world already . 
  just drive ladas , use some rusphones etc. 
  isolate your dear country already . 
  oh , that 's right . 
  you ca n't . 
  you can only play boss with your tiny neighbours but as soon as it comes to big players , you chicken out and continue to whine about the `` unfair treatment '' . 
  `` superpower '' my ass . 
   said quote does n't say anything about the baltics ` attacking russia any minute ' , it states , and i quote , ` there would be a risk of a military provocation ' ( ' a military provocation ' ! = ` an attack on russia ' ) . 
  seriously ? 
  i fu * king retold the article , of course i did n't use the exact same wording . 
  a military provocation is n't an attack anymore ? 
  ah , it 's the eastern ukraine logic i assume ? 
  `` russia just militarily provoked a bit , it did n't attack or anything , jeez , calm down ! '' . 
   he literally says that we should leave you guys alone and mind our own business . 
  why are n't you happy ? 
  no , that 's actually what normal relations would be like .
