  however , i 've never gotten the ` only warm port ' thing , as if russia did n't have black sea coast apart from annexed crimea . 
  that 's just an easier way of implying ` russia ' , okay ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you are n't 90 + year old soviet official that took the decision or participated in it . 
  and yes , i do make connections between flairs and the user , that 's kinda what they 're for . 
  well , ukraine needs russian market whether they like it or not . 
  russia could use legitimization of its annexation and ending sanctions . 
  of course it would be a political suicide in ukraine , even for some financial compensation , and putin enjoys the popular support that a foreign enemy creates . 
  a free referendum would be conducted at the very least in a country that 's not already militarily occupied by a foreign country . 
  and yes , we all know crimea would vote to join russia . 
  how 's that surprising ? 
  russia is considerably wealthier than ukraine and well , the native people were deported by stalin and russian immigrants brought to replace them . 
  of course they 'll vote for their motherland . 
  another issue for me is that those ethnic cleansings are legitimized that way ... 
  you 've ethnically cleansed the region , of course they would n't support it . 
  you 'd still have access to the black sea , so i do n't even understand what 's the logic here . 
  or is russia not able to afford to replace one naval base ? 
  would have been cheaper than the crimea-adventure . 
   bwahhaha , just like we didn \u00b4 t do something just like that one with the baltic countries ? 
  i do n't think we 've ever even pretended we 'd be neutral and not strive to join both eu and nato . 
  these talks were up already in 1990s and we have n't changed course ever since . 
  and of course , it 's fully in our own sovereignity to choose our allies and whatever russia thinks is not something we have to take into account . 
  what are you even hinting at here ? 
  that because maidan events were violent and were not fully respecting all the principles of democracy , neutrality etc , russia had a right to invade ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  ukraine has a lot of problems and they 've done many things wrong , but it 's * them * who bear the consequences , not eu and not russia . 
  maidan happened , it was controversial , but you ca n't deny people wanted changes . 
  even if they did n't work out that well in the end , it 's again , ukrainians themselves that live with that . 
  of course russia likes to portrait it as some evil hooligans taking down the righteous pro-russia government . 
  however , i 'd be surprised if you found ukrainians that still even slightly consider their extremely corrupt impeached president as legitimate in any way . 
  then why even pretend that 's the case . 
  it 's stupid . 
  as i said , ukrainians live in ukraine , not you , not eu citizens , nor russians . 
  you have that compared to germany 's dubious political ties to putin 's regime ( hello gazprom , schr\u00f6der , nord stream etc ) and public opinion that is * against * aiding even nato allies in the case of russian invasion . 
  germany is one of the least trustworthy partners when it comes to security . 
  we are in / r/europe , if you have n't noticed . 
  us sanctions are a different thing . 
  sure , you can reform a small country easier , you can introduce some innovative solutions easier . 
  there are also downsides , a small country is always dependent on foreign countries , on military alliances , on political agreements and also economically . 
  russia can rely on a strong internal market somewhat to make it less dependent on foreign countries , estonia could never , unless we want to give up on all the modern comforts . 
  russia 's natural resources have definitely also had the effect of being a comfortable source of income and therefore , other sectors of economy may have been left desolate . 
  something that was felt with the recent collapse in oil prices . 
  russia is now relying on so-called import substitution ( partially by just banning some imports , partially due to cheap ruble making domestic production cheaper ) , but somehow , export is not recovering ( apart from oil and gas , that is ) . 
  of course , as i explained , russia can afford it , but it 's kinda happening with the price of commoners ' living standards . 
  wages are now comparable to china and even though prices are currently cheaper as well , with current trends continuing , it may be that living standards will soon be similar as well . 
  what would be that ` significant way ' russia could retaliate ? 
  politically and economically , it 's a complete midget compared to the usa . 
  militarily , it might try to do something , but they risk creating a full cold war 2.0 , only this time , russia is smaller , weaker and with less allies . 
  russia has had some pretty violent and otherwise major changes come like shockwaves multiple times in the past . 
  probably the reason a lot of the population clinges to the relative stability putin symbolizes . 
  you 'd face like at least 5 brexits . 
  baltics would have been out for sure , still leaving kaliningrad isolated . 
  georgia , ukraine most likely would try as well . 
  azerbaijan could think about it with its oil etc. 
  it 's difficult to imagine keeping it together democratically . 
  many of them seem to be just standard street scenery , though . 
  if one would want to show the worst , they could show some hobo drug addict district of omsk . 
   there was once an article about an old russian woman  yet it 's people are living worse than smaller countries who started from scratch in 1991 i must say i 'm irritated when people make such conclusions based on a single case . 
  please use relevant statistics , that 's what they 're for . 
  it 's not even true . 
  russia is among the wealthiest post-soviet countries and baltics are ahead only slightly . 
  russia has world 's largest pool of natural resources , which keeps them going . 
  size of country does n't play much of a role , otherwise , moldova would n't be the poorest country in europe . 
  same story here . 
  april , may , june and july all have been colder than average and forecast for august is again colder than average . 
  it 's probably one of the coldest summers ever . 
  that 's kinda absurd , though , do n't you think ? 
  minimum wage is supposed to guarantee an income that one could more-or-less cope with . 
  rendering it useless and using as some kind of tax base instead goes rather far from its purpose . 
  in greece , wages are paid 14 times a year , but this is calculated on 12 . 
  what 's the point of that inhumane minimum wage , honestly ? 
  even in some provincial russian town , one ca n't survive on the minimum wage and in moscow , even with the special minimum wage , is it possible ? 
  just how many people in russia earn wages close to those levels ? 
  finland and baltics were [ the most literate ] ( https://i.imgur.com/pu7wb4p.jpg ) part of russian empire , so that period is actually very relevant to even today 's development levels . 
   and most of them born in estonia . 
  for the last time , this is not usa . 
  passport is not obtained based on which territory you were born in . 
  that 's how it works in most european countries . 
  please read some wikipedia articles at least . 
   when you are born somewhere , but can ; t obtain passport of that place even after i explain to you that they * can * obtain passports , you still claim the same bullshit . 
  this is what propaganda does to you . 
  hopefully you 'll never come to europe because according to your standards , most of europeans are `` complete nazi assholes '' . 
  you have obviously no idea how citizen policies here work or what are even human rights . 
  youtube comment section is a better place to hang for you ... 
  what ? 
  russian citizens are foreign citizens and why the hell should they be eligible for estonian passports ? 
  dual citizenship is a problematic issue itself and estonia does n't recognize it , for example . 
  it 's not even a secret that estonia and russia do n't get along at all , so i can give you a hint that there would never be estonian-russian dual citizens . 
  even in finland , they silently keep them off from important positions in security wise , as it 's known to every person with a brain the only military threat to finland is russia . 
  we 've just decided to go the honest way and say you can be loyal to only one country at a time . 
   people born in your country ca n't become citizens where do you hear such bullshit ? 
  they absolutely can , many do n't bother to learn the language , others do n't really give a fuck about the rights citizenship gives them , some just enjoy not having conscription ( which both estonia and russia have ) and some like the visa freedom of both eu and russia at the same time . 
  it 's kinda ridiculous how a clearly strongly misled foreigner comes to talk about serious human rights violations . 
  maybe you are able to convince these ` gray passport ' owners that their situation is not normal and that they should take estonian citizenship . 
  you would do us a great favour . 
  be honest , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  everyone can get estonian passport , provided they meet the requirement , most important of which is learning the language . 
  the ` gray passport ' does n't block people from travelling , in fact , it grants visa freedom in eu and russia at the same time ( impossible with any other passport ) . 
  nobody has taken away anything from soviet migrants . 
  you ca n't take away something they never had in the first place . 
  comparison with hungarian minority in slovakia is stupid because they ended up there when slovakia was created .
