  there are only handful countries in the world that have managed to do that , even fewer which are as wealthy as poland . 
   http://www.tradingeconomics.com/croatia/gdp this is nominal gdp , which means even simple exchange rate fluctuations affect it . 
  for example , do you think [ russian economy ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/gdp ) halved recently ? 
  nominally , yes , but we usually account economy in real terms . 
  i can see [ croatian economy ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/croatia/gdp-constant-prices ) on expanding trajectory and definitely larger than in 2013 . 
   you 're trying to say that the ability to work in other eu countries without any quotas or special permits does not affect brain drain ? 
  in a country with one of the worst unemployment rates ? 
  this is definitely underestimated problem . 
  eu free movement adds a lot to brain drain . 
  but there 's also the moral question whether we give people more freedom or take account country 's interests instead . 
  croatian people themselves benefit from free movement , the state is the one that loses workforce . 
  only imports from outside the euro area are affected , i ca n't imagine it being that much of a problem . 
  furthermore , businesses making more money means more taxes and wage increases ( especially as less and less people are unemployed ) . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  cheap euro benefites germany a lot as your already strong exports are boosted even more . 
  they did reopen tallinn -- helsinki line with one small ship in 1965 . 
  that got a bit of that sweet westerners ' currency . 
  very few selected nomenclatural estonians could also visit finland , but vast majority of the travellers were finns visiting tallinn old town . 
  by 1980s , some noticeable 300 ' 000 travellers were carried between the cities each year . 
  but that 's still nothing compared to the 8.5 million ( ! ), 
  nowadays . 
  by the way , tallinn -- helsinki might soon overtake dover -- calais and become europe 's busiest ferry line . 
  meanwhile , tallinn -- stockholm route was completely closed from 1940 to 1990 . 
  half a century !, 
  i am not going to pretend i know how ussr even worked with the funding . 
  which is why the latvian report could use some critical comments i ca n't give . 
  maybe somebody else can . 
  i find it viable that russia still was the biggest donator , purely because it was just such a massive oil producer and therefore , earned the demanded foreign currency . 
  estonia in particular had a big internet campaign in late 1990s , which put estonian schools and households on the level of western europe in internet connections . 
  rest of central and eastern europe has catched up mostly , but estonia still leads slightly with penetration rate as a legacy of the project . 
  north-western russians have so much finno-ugric genes in them that it would n't even make up a much different combination . 
  now , on a serious note , estonians and russians have not mixed much , they remain largely separate communities . 
  i mean , those arguments of the soviet/russian propagandists -- `` only russia and azerbaijan earned dollars '' . 
  well of course you shithead , as ussr sold oil for dollars . 
  had you allowed baltics to sell their goods in europe , we 'd have earned potentially a lot of dollars as well . 
  can you even imagine how much it damaged estonia to have cut its links to nordics and rest of europe and becoming some kind of a soviet borderland , with tallinn becoming a dead-end and its sea-links blocked for nearly half a century ? 
  having its whole economy oriented towards ussr and then it all collapsed . 
  russia accounted for some 90 % of our trade when ussr collapsed , now it 's less than 10 % . 
  this discussion has turned into some random `` murica vs russia are both evil '' stuff . 
  the thing is , russia has always kept its nose closer to us than we 'd like . 
  this is not new at all . 
  for example , russian media is , unfortunately , extremely bad as in largely controlled by the government and its standards are lower than the minimum for calling it even media . 
  you think just ignoring some stories and showing those you 'd like is propaganda . 
  nope , in russia , if you do n't have the suitable story or even another one to portray from your biased viewpoint , you just make it up . 
  like latvian currency before the euro to be ` inevitably devalued ' ( caused a small panic among russian-speaking pensioners ) or estonians cutting the bronze soldier monument in half . 
  no point going to the infamous rt with its `` estonia bans speaking russian '' which is really more like some war-time propaganda than journalism . 
  the people affected by the kremlin 's views are obviously mostly russian-speakers . 
  but not even because they 've fallen into russian sphere of influence or sth . 
  they 've just never even left , vast majority immigrated from russia and they 've always been more associated with russia and most of them follow still only russian media . 
  almost half of russians do n't even speak estonian here , for example . 
  i 'm sure many have never even seen estonian tv . 
  they 're almost like an extension of putin 's russia . 
  of course , in 26 years or so , we have more and more people coming out of that bubble , but i still feel the latter 's a minority . 
  then we have the same as rest of europe - the so called alt-right , who 'll just believe western world is evil and putin is a true leader and what not . 
  in addition , there are pensioners that miss their childhood ( which was obviously in the glorious ussr ) . 
  now what concerns the majority , russia is very untrustworthy and for example , any political news story from russian news outlet is basically as worthy as youtube comment section . 
  the interference in elections is a bit arguable . 
  we have a large party with dubious russia-connections , but then again , the party itself is almost monopoly-party among russian-speakers . 
  which means russia ties naturally come because of its electorate ( who 'll also be more prone to join ) . 
  there have been various scandals with russian funding and constant moscow-trips as well , but the person most linked to those ( ethnic estonian , by the way ) is now under investigation for corruption and eliminated from the party 's leadership . 
  if they laid flowers at monuments or so , it would be a no-problem . 
  waving soviet/russian flags , wearing those orange-black ribbons ( which are putin-introduced symbols , not much used in soviet times , which shows exactly what kind of mentality these people have and how little it actually has to do with history ) . 
  sorry if i really do n't want to feel like living in little putin 's russia in my own country . 
  i ca n't help it , but i just have no positive emotion with those celebrations . 
  i am just reminded that a large part of people in my country follow trends of a foreign ( hostile ) country and i ca n't help but feel even more alienated from them . 
  no source . 
  no year . 
  and then we whine about fake news . 
   yeah , do n't know about we european sentiment , but just imagine the russian flag being projected over the polish parliament , the romanian parliament , or anywhere in the baltics . 
  in order to show sympathy with some russian terror attack victims ? 
  i would be completely fine with that . 
  we already have a [ giant russian church ] ( http://www.roerich.ee/photos/normal/church_nevsky_cathedral_04.jpg ) right next to our parliament , built as a symbol of russian domination ( although true , i am not a fan of the ultra-conservative pro-putin moscow patriarchate that uses it , could be turned into a museum or sth instead ) . 
  i think just importing the stuff would be a bit more reasonable solution . 
  produced in spain , by the way . 
  did you know that they do n't have * pelmeni * in finland ? 
  i feel so sorry for them . 
  i ca n't tell about prices of goods and you czechs certainly know better , but i 'm sure your rent , housing , services etc have lower prices . 
  i mean , certain import goods might be cheaper in germany , but overally , it 's definitely more expensive there . 
  sure , it 's the same here . 
  it 's just not all are willing to work for the miserable 500-600 $ you get as a supermarket cashier . 
  that is a bit misleading perspective because prices in cz are also significantly lower than in germany . 
  and how many of those `` friends '' are known to blow up random civilians ? 
  do n't want to be swallowed by the big bro , yo . 
  all those territories i mentioned are mostly russian now . 
  that 's what happens when russia takes over . 
  it 's of course easy for russia to say , considering what territories it has ethnically cleansed and replaced with russians . 
  even finno-ugric natives in russia are now minorities in their `` republics '' which means even if they wanted to become independent , they just would n't make a majority so `` people who live there now are all that matters '' and that 's it . 
  which basically sums up what a prison of nations russian federation truly is and any nation that does n't want to perish should either get the hell out of it , or basically just throw russians out and make their own rules ( checnya ) . 
  ukraine has given jurisdiction to international criminal court to investigate crimes on its territories , including those that the government has ( allegedly ) commited . 
  russia , meanwhile , announced they 're quitting the court altogether , because they did n't like the `` crimea was occupied '' statement . 
  i think it gives a glimpse on who really gives more fucks about international law . 
  so when will you be returning k\u00f6nigsberg to germany , karelia to finland , jaanilinn and petseri to estonia , abrene to latvia etc ? 
  do n't forget you could also become a bosnian and montenegrin translator . 
  what is wrong with the current serbo-croatian ? 
  russia is the world 's largest country and most of its territories are native lands of other nations than ethnic russians . 
  i do n't even understand what one can consider the rightful ` sphere of influence ' here which one can encroach . 
  because some would say siberia is basically a colony of russia like africa was for western european countries . 
  i would be the one saying russia violently encroached european sphere of influence when it occupied eastern europe and kept it under occupation for nearly 50 years . 
  at the very least as eu we could be clear about european countries having the right to choose the european/western path . 
  and there 's a clear difference between just making yourself attractive enough for others to choose you and outright invasion .
