  you might find it surprising that most of them are not the fancy half-naked ones you 'll see on parades on tv , but common people . 
  and you can ask them about their `` choice '' of lgbt-identity . 
   sexual desire is a choice did you drop an / s here ? 
  have your ever even met any lgbt people ? 
  because i have , and trust me , a lot of them would give anything to not be gay etc , especially in intolerant countries . 
  i 'm sorry , but hearing such claims is exactly why i have no respect for a lot of eastern europeans ' opinions on this issue . 
  they lack any kind of knowledge on the topic , are based on some self-thought lies and yet insist they are right !? 
  just ... why ? 
   i simply do n't agree with same-sex intercourse what does that even mean ? 
  you can disagree on an opinion , but a factual event is what it is . 
   this redistribution would be mandatory for every eu member if that would ever be pushed through in eu , it would likely topple governments in estonia and latvia , where majority of population would compare it to soviet colonization of baltics . 
  not even talking about the conservative v4 or eurosceptics in western europe . 
  such decision could have the power to destroy eu , and i do n't think i 'm even being overly-dramatic here . 
   europe split by iron curtain triggered  asian parts of russia featured triggered # 2, 
   they are just the second most powerful country in the world . 
  maybe when it comes to military . 
  but power is definitely not only about military . 
  china is already having more influence on some of the post-soviet central asian states , purely because it 's so much bigger economy than russia . 
  russian influence on latin america and africa is close to zero , while china has become a big player in most parts of the world . 
   they showed in with crimea . 
  a region some what , 85 % russian-speaking ? 
  that 's the thing - russian influence ends with russian speakers . 
  it 's that way in the baltics , it 's the same way with countries ( why do you think belarus is today the only western neighbour they have somewhat decent relations with ) . 
  that 's the people that consume russian propaganda daily . 
  yes , there are some exceptions for historical reasons , like serbia and armenia , but that 's about it . 
   these soldiers are our grandfathers and great-grandfathers , the people who defended our homeland , protected our grandmothers and mothers , the people whom we owe our very existence to , the ones whose bravery and sacrifice are the reasons we got to be born and experience life in the first place . 
  and to us , they are the ones who invaded our country , bombed our towns , killed our people etc. 
   and you are an obnoxious and rotten to the core person to try and tell us how to feel about our ancestors and to lambast us for our love towards them . 
  you see ? 
  there 's exactly the problem !, 
  i have no problem against russians celebrating their ancestors ' victories , but what do you expect us to feel when you celebrate their victories but conveniently forget all crimes ? 
  how normal would it be for germans to celebrate nazi victories ( including over those killed in russia ) , and yet never discuss crimes . 
  be honest , you would never feel neutral about it . 
   god , i wish i 've never met you on the web , i wish i could still see your countries as full of normal and kind people . 
  thanks for taking that away from me . 
  with your attitude , you 'd never have seen baltics different from as you see now . 
  you 've consumed twisted propaganda your entire life , you continue to do so , and possibly your big nation chauvinisitic mentality does n't allow you to see things from smaller nations ' perspectives . 
  only your own truth is allowed . 
   2nd , crimean khanate was our mortal enemy for centuries - they raided our land , stole people for slavery and sold them in ottoman empire . 
  and if we considered russia as a mortal enemy here , we would be allowed to deport all russians to russia ? 
   imagine if russian miitary were invited to mexico or cuba and actually went and did war games . 
  in such case , too bad usa had been such a shitty neighbour that its neighbours would want to join a military alliance and felt the need to find protection against us aggression . 
  because that 's exactly why russia is in the position it is right now . 
   it 's pretty much impossible to defend if you do n't have a permanent presence there already . 
  exactly the same could be said about baltics . 
  just look at the maps , baltics are kinda sandwiched between russia , belarus and the baltic sea . 
  actually , russia militarizing kaliningrad kinda forces us to have bigger military presence here aswell . 
   i will also mention , although i believe that i have already told this to you many times before , that i do not agree with holding people alive today responsible for the crimes commited before they were even born . 
  this argument is often heard and it would make sense alright , but when those same people that claim that then procede to glorify and praise ussr , it becomes rather ridiculous . 
  and i do n't mean praising some single achievements ( like space , technology , even architecture ) , i mean go wave its flags , glorify the soldiers etc. 
   i disagreed with your ridiculous claim that sanctioning crimean families means sending a message to those responsible for the soviet deportations . 
  because that claim is ridiculous and makes no sense whatsoever . 
  for you , maybe . 
  but as i asked already before , what really sets crimea different from russophone regions of baltics ? 
  not history with russia , not even how these regions became russian-speaking . 
  only today 's politics , and that 's why it 's absolutely impossible for us to approve the annexation . 
  the fact that it was done through a referendum when russian troops had already occupied the peninsula , symbolically similar to how baltics `` joined '' ussr in 1940 , makes it even worse . 
  mhhmm , and people in baltics were deported because they were fascists and were inevitably going to support nazis . 
  sorry , but i do n't believe any justifications of that totalitarian dictatorship . 
   first of all , why do you bring the historical argument here ? 
  i was n't speaking of any historical justice or made any arguments on who should own what land based on history . 
  were you responding to a different post , or is that just such a touchy subject for you that you ca n't let it go no matter the place or the topic ? 
  of course you did n't mention it , because it 's inconvenient in this case . 
   secondly , the 2nd part of your contribution is just ridiculous . 
  sending a message to russia that mass deporations are not okay ? 
  you do realize that this is the year 2016 and there is no soviet union around anymore ? 
  whom are you sending a message to exactly ? 
  to stalin ? 
  i 'm sorry , but he 's long dead . 
  see , here 's the main problem . 
  it 's like you close these chapters because it 's convenient to russia , and you think it 's fine , but it 's not . 
  actually , i think the fact that russia does n't want to talk about soviet crimes is one of the main sources of conflict with its western neighbours . 
  how convenient it is to say soviet union is gone and `` do n't live in the past '' when it comes to crimes , and yet claim all the historical significance of them , including making su victory over nazis an ever-growing sate-sponsored russian chauvinism event ? 
  if you wanted to distance yourselves from ussr , you 'd also celebrate russia 's independence from soviet union as the most important event . 
  also , is n't that selective history becoming a norm in russia already ? 
  crimea `` was always '' russian and khrushchev gave it to ukraine in 1954 illegally . 
  well , who cares , it 's history , right ? 
  europe was ` liberated ' from nazis with the great patriotic war in 1941-45 . 
  nobody remembers 1939-1941 when soviet union occupied a large part of europe etc. 
   and even were all that not the case , how is punishing the people living in crimea , including those tartars you speak of a sound message to anyone ? 
  like those sanctions russia imposed against farmers of eu and ukraine , which also hurt common people etc ? 
  that 's just how sanctions work , do n't even try to take a moral high ground here . 
  now it 's about the innocent ? 
  how did crimea actually become russian ? 
  crimea was not pskov or novgorod , it was n't historically even russian-speaking . 
  multiple ethnicities have lived there historically and russians became a dominating majority only after stalin deported crimean tatars less than 100 years ago . 
  now if this is `` historically russian '' , you could easily claim several regions in baltics as historically russian . 
  after all , they became part of russian empire even earlier than crimea and russians became majority also due to deportations of ethnic people and mass immigration of russians . 
  so how did , for example , estonia 's 3rd largest town , or finnish now-annexed , former 2nd largest town viipuri ( now vyborg ) turn russian-speaking ? 
  is vyborg now also `` historically russian '' . 
  but narva ? 
  what about all the estonians and finns/karelians deported there ? 
  nobody in russia gives a shit about the innocent there , let 's be honest . 
  what i like about these sanctions is that it 's a message to russia that it 's not ok to ethnically cleanse a region , replace them with your own people and then claim it 's `` always '' been yours . 
  meanwhile , absolutely nobody in russia is responsible for all the crimes commited to the other nations !, 
  and fuck , russians have the single largest country on earth already , do n't start with the sob story about poor minority being bullied again . 
  if you think people of one ethnicity should live in one country , maybe you should break up russian federation ? 
   no , i live in reality not twisted by deeply ingrained hatred and fear . 
  jesus christ , stop portraying others as some evil demons or poor victims of everything . 
   reality where language does n't mean much since over here the absolute majority of people can use english almost as well as swedish .
