  even in outlets owned my estonian companies , being russian-speaking means almost automatically a huge shift to anti-westernism and pro-putinism . 
  and no wonder , estonians and russians even use different social media sites ( facebook vs. vk ) , in addition to having completely different tv channels . 
  russian media is truly absolutely different world from the west . 
  nope , because unlike in russia , there 's free media in america that does the job by itself . 
   it is more about people being against the current `` pro-europeans '' who are stealing and destroying the country . 
  i understand that there 's also the internal politics , but here 's the key - foreign and internal policy should have been separated a long time ago . 
  that 's what we 've done here , it 's always been western orientation and implying , for example , to leave eu , is only something for extremists . 
  having people and parties change power is important , but at the same time , you should agree on a common foreign policy . 
  in fact , i think ukraine 's and moldova 's common big mistake is just that . 
  even belarus has at least been more or less stable there , even if it 's a choice we dislike . 
  that 's what happens when you allow 3rd countries to control european migration ... 
   the uncomfortable truth is that for all these years of independece hated russia was their biggest and most important trade partner . 
  look how their foreign trade has dropped from 63 billions to 34 billions in these 3 years . 
  i 'm sure ukraine did n't plan to abolish trade with russia . 
  it merely prioritized eu , which is a much bigger market than the cis or eurasian union . 
  i know russia used that as justification to impose trade barriers because `` cheap european goods could flood russian market through ukraine '' ( really ? 
  eu goods as cheap and with a middleman ? 
   with an economy of the size of italy [ actually ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( nominal \\ ) ) , more like the size of spain : * italy : $ 1.9 trillion * russia : $ 1.3 trillion * spain : $ 1.3 trillion, 
  okay , i ca n't argue with you on that . 
  ukraine has had pretty horrible governing in its independence era . 
  the country has rather educated workforce , location is rather okay with access to russia and eu , and to the black sea , has some natural resources and many industrialized cities . 
  it has great potential , yet widespread corruption , unstable politics etc has managed to wreck most of it . 
  however , admitting all that , i still do n't see russia 's actions being more justified in any way . 
  are you ditching 40 million people into further abyss because you know , they 've had bad government ? 
  i think they 've suffered enough , and it 's us in eu and russia that also suffer from a poor unstable neighbour . 
  it 's not a zero sum game . 
  their loss is also our loss . 
  moldova was the first post-soviet country to re-elect commies . 
  it 's the poorest country in europe , with gdp ( ppp ) per capita on level of pakistan . 
  the country has lost estimatedly about a million people ( has now ~ 3.4 million left , together with transnistria ) , a huge share of the workforce are employed abroad as the simplest blue collar workers , while children are left home with grandparents . 
  the demographics are absolutely catastrophic and economy is not having significant growth either . 
  russia plays a huge role in the country , with russian still being way more common than english , and russian tv having a lot of influence there . 
  then there 's transnistria , the breakaway territory with russian troops inside . 
  sorry , i might be harsh , but i do n't see that country having a future . 
  not at this point . 
  re-electing pro-russia forces would just be confirming that . 
  i 'd really like to see an educated person there explaining how russia 's declining eurasian union would make anything better ... 
  you 're definitely not boosting their gdp by invading and annexing their territories ... 
  so one militarized exclave = three sovereign countries ? 
  i 'd maybe go for it if russia demilitarized its whole western border in 500 km radius . 
  war in ukraine has certainly made things worse , but it 's essentially mismanagement on grand scale and corruption in all sectors and layers of the society that has made ukraine as poor as they are . 
  sure , ukraine does n't have these vast natural resources that russia holds , so they 've got that justification , but even then , they 've performed much worse than their potential would allow . 
  just compare its performance to poland , which is arguably country with most similar circumstances to ukraine . 
  exactly . 
  for me , russia having a militarized exclave of kaliningrad , which sole purpose is to constantly threaten europe , and which has no historical connection to russia , is a red flag as well . 
  i want to see it demilitarized !, 
  not to mention belarus ' military alliance with russia . 
  time for compromises . 
  estonia 's not too different from finland , i 'm surprised . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  estonia 's and lithuania 's fertility rates are roughly similar ( 1.6 ) and even then , migration is something that should be taken into account in population change as well . 
  especially in our region where it 's a much bigger influence on population change than births and deaths . 
  the fact that this map shows lithuania , for some reason , having decreased less than estonia , even though lithuania 's population has decreased in the past 10 years by 14 % compared to estonia 's 3 % , already nullifies its legitimacy . 
  nordic = / = northern europe . 
  considering estonia 's one of the coldest countries in europe after nordics ( and besides , the arctic territories where barely anybody lives twists the data ) , that tallinn is the third-most northern capital after helsinki and reykjavik , it 's absolutely northern europe . 
  so is [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhvjmpx5mku ) funny , boring , cranberry or offensive ? 
   look dude , i lived and worked in helsinki for two years , it most definitely is a mix of east and north . 
  as someone who has been to both helsinki and stockholm , i ca n't agree . 
  besides having some influence from russian empire ( and i do n't think their architecture was really too different from rest of europe , especially considering its german noble class ) , helsinki is pretty much stockholm 2.0 . 
  somebody from outside nordics would not make much difference and would not feel helsinki to be more `` east '' . 
  that 's how you count unemployment and it works like that everywhere in europe . 
  these people just become `` inactive '' statistically , that means they 're not looking for job anymore . 
  however , they are still counted in this neet statistics if they are not employed , nor in education or training . 
  i mean , the term baltic countries , sure , and it 's completely relevant and in use today as well . 
  what i meant is how some people in russia/ukraine/belarus did n't think baltics as part of `` europe '' . 
  i have to agree on this ( plus almost anything related to russia and russians ) , but then again , he 's just one user . 
  i 'm from the same country and i take things calmly ( or at least i 'd like to think i do ) . 
   eastern europeans tend to see baltic countries as ... baltic countries . 
  it 's not even exactly associated with europe !, 
  i think it 's a soviet-era remnant , as some called `` europe '' only the part not in soviet union , so baltics were just pribaltika , the three soviet republics by the baltic sea . 
  not that it makes any sense today as baltics are part of eu , use euro , are in schengen visa zone etc and have little contacts with post-soviet world today , but old habits die hard , i guess . 
  this is simply a map showing an unusual geographical division of europe , in what context is that `` triggered '' ? 
  indeed , it is truly a mistake we should fix . 
  it 's difficult to imagine nazi germany being a sole dominant power considering its ideology . 
  why would the vast majority of world accept supremacy of one nation ? 
  i 'd say [ eurostat data ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/culture_statistics_-_cultural_participation ) is most comparable , but these are a bit old by now . 
  do n't go claiming the most just yet , for the statistics for estonia , a country of 1.3 million are : * theatre visits : 1.2 million * museum visits : 3.5 million * cinema visits : 3.3 million, 
  it 's rather difficult to make conclusions about loyalty here . 
  the identity issue is rather different in baltics compared to ukraine indeed . 
  a very large part of ukraine is russian-speaking , including most of the capital kyiv . 
  however , most of them still identify as ukrainians . 
  but there are russian-speakers who identify as russians as well . 
  therefore , i think the difference between being an ethnic russian and ethnic ukrainian can become very hazy , even to the point of that it depends what your family claims they are . 
  that 's not the case at all here , as russian-speaking pretty much equals russian . 
  your main language sets your identity , just as it sets what media you consume . 
  for example , i am already the generation that speaks very poor russian and could never freely follow russian media . 
  but we also have people who ca n't speak estonian , so effectively we ca n't even communicate with each other . 
  hence very strong disagreements on issues west and russia disagree on . 
  i also assume they did n't survey people in separatist-held territories in eastern ukrane or in crimea , so the most pro-russia people are eliminated from ukraine 's results . 
  why ? 
  some people might think about usa or the cold war era western world when they see the word `` west '' and in that context , it 's not that weird to think some see the need for some russian influence in addition to theirs . 
  they might also think not only about estonia , but world in general . 
  as a different case , i see estonia as part of the west , so obviously i do n't want less of my own influence as opposed to russia 's . 
  a multipolar world where russia seeks to be one of the great powers would indicate they 're naturally looking to restore a ` sphere of influence ' . 
  for that , russia should have at least some attractiveness and yet it has managed to make itself so dislikeable that nobody takes any russia-oriented position seriously here . 
  if russia would ever want to compete with usa , it should start from that , but as things have gone the past 25 years , i do n't see why they should be different the next 25 years . 
  [ more detailed data ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/12/2017/07/24102041/ft_17.07.21_ethnicrussians.png ) on estonia , latvia and ukraine ( including opinion of ethnic russians ) . 
  if we go to size , even russia beats italy . 
  i 'm not saying nothing 's going on in italy , but as one of the wealthier countries on the continent , italy is shamefully behind here . 
  this might be one of the reasons for economic stagnation easily , considering just how many possibilities internet offers .
