  that 's why we want to move on already , but lithuania suddenly wanted to change their route . 
   nope . 
  everything lithuania wanted was to include vilnius into the technical project as was agreed before by all the governments . 
  lithuanians wanted to build kaunas-vilnius branch simultaneously while building kaunas-panev\u0117\u017eys-tallinn , estonians wanted to remove vilnius altogether , which is obviously unreasonable since vilnius is kinda biggest city in lithuania , and capital too , if you forgot it . 
  anyways , now it was agreed to postpone kaunas-vilnius connection till the very end . 
  nope , still not true . 
  there were talks about taking kaunas out of the project . 
  and yes , estonians did n't like that lithuanians are adding some random project to rail baltic - making it more expensive and difficult -  more difficult to get money from eu . 
  finally it was decided by eu that vilnius can be added to the project , but not to the original rail baltic . 
  which means estonians were right . 
   do n't even know what you mean by that . 
  yes , now only poland-kaunas connection is being built . 
  after it is finished kaunas-tallinn should start , however it 's not looking very optimistic in the near future . 
  nope , nobody here even mentions anything like that . 
  this is a lithuanian-only project that is not even considered here . 
  we talk about a high-speed network here . 
   it is called like that in official documents , check it out . 
  if you do n't even know that i am not surprised you are so misinformed and talking bs . 
  official documents in lithuania ? 
  definitely not here . 
   as i said , without connecting kaunas-poland you would n't have connection to western europe . 
  so it 's kinda important for estonia and latvia ... do n't you think so ? 
  also , while we will have connection to europe in 1,5 years tops , why should we hurry about connecting latvia and estonia ? 
  yeah , it would be beneficial for us too , however it 's your problem to push it , and not ours . 
  it 's kinda understandable . 
  and again , lithuanian superiority complex kicks out . 
  for god 's sake , this is a cooperation project , not `` who 's got bigger '' contest . 
  remember visaginas npp ? 
  we were supposed to build a new nuclear reactor to lithuania so you 'd be energy independent . 
  whoops , lithuania ruined that and now you have to import 3/4 of your energy . 
  want similar things to happen again ? 
  okay , it may be called rail baltic i in your country , but definitely not here . 
  and why should it ? 
  how is connecting kaunas with poland anything to do with latvia or estonia ? 
  there will be no connection of kaunas-tallinn separately like the one currently being built in lithuania ( european gauge , single track , 160km/h ) . 
  kaunas will be the end of it . 
  rail baltic in estonia means double track high-speed railway connection from tallinn to polish border with top speed of 240km/h , its detailed route is being processed right now . 
  the estimated completion date is somewhere in 2023 or so . 
  there already were problem that lithuania wanted to change their previous decision so it would go through vilnius instead of kaunas , for example . 
  the project you 're talking about is not rail baltic - double track high-speed railway network with top speed of 240 km/h connecting tallinn , riga and kaunas with central europe . 
  it 's some kind of separate lithuanian thing that only connects kaunas with poland , it 's single track and top speed of just 160 km/h . 
  actually i do n't like this thing at all . 
  it seems like a lithuanian manipulation to block rail baltic and get connection with central europe only to yourself . 
  why would you build 2 connections to poland - this and then rail baltic ? 
  is n't that pointless and expensive ? 
  yeah , the final route should be : tallinn-p\u00e4rnu-riga-paneve\u017eys-kaunas-pl . 
  vilnius may get a connection with rb in the future . 
  his parents were among ~ 80 000 refugees that fled estonia in 1944 before the second soviet invasion . 
  this created some rather big estonian communities mainly in sweden , canada and usa , and to a lesser extent , in uk and australia aswell . 
  president of estonia must be born with estonian citizenship , and according to estonian laws , if one of the parents have it , the child gets it too . 
  that 's how he could become the president . 
  procrastinat0r , please , just try to ignore that you are russian for once , and try to be a citizen of estonia instead . 
  do you think we would n't want good relations with russia ? 
  access to market of 140 million people ? 
  that we would n't have to constantly look over our shoulder and would feel secure ? 
  of course we do . 
  but there are a lot of reasons this is not going to happen , starting with almost polar values of baltics and russia ( western vs anti-western ) and ending with russia 's recent agression ( georgia 2008 , ukraine 2014 ) towards its neighbours . 
  actually , it 's funny how you consider estonia anti-russian , while russia accuses estonia of nazism almost monthly now on official level . 
  baltics belong to the top 5 `` enemies of russia '' . 
  i could show you tons of examples , how russia is very hostile towards estonia . 
  for example , why has russia stolen medal of estonia 's first president and is refusing to give it back ? 
  is this really what a civilized country does ? 
  so really , who 's against who ? 
  and please stop the 2nd state language stuff . 
  russian will never be a state language of estonia , because most russians are not historical minority , but immigrants from soviet union , unlike swedes in finland . 
  and sorry , a boom just because of russian language ? 
  is belarus booming currently ? 
  not to mention that as russians have huge problems with learning estonian , they would n't even bother to learn the ` pointless tiny language that nobody speaks ' if everybody spoke russian . 
  also , i think russians ' ( including you ) us-paranoia is absolutely ridiculous . 
  you know , we want to be part of the west . 
  we want to be secure from russia . 
  we want to have usa as our ally . 
  sorry , but how has this `` pragmatism '' benefited finland ? 
  exports to russia are in decline , tourist visits from russia in decline and now all food export to russia is banned . 
  if anything , then having too close relations with russia has been a blow to finland 's economy . 
  -_- looks like finno-ugric cooperation is as dead as one can be . 
  meanwhile across the gulf , estonia 's fm has just confirmed obama 's visit to estonia . 
  oh the irony . 
  it 's just a part of russian propaganda that shows what horrible things happen to the countries that exit russian sphere of influence . 
  it 's 33 $ in estonia for 300mbit/s . 
  i 'd like to smack one of the operator 's leaders in the face , literally . 
  now you 're making me cry . 
  well , the project is still about fast internet , but it depends on whether people will take the fiber-optic cables to their homes or not . 
  unfortunately , there 's no statistics about it . 
  oh , and i explained the difference between us and latvia-lithuania in another comment :  because our network operators are greedy bastards . 
  for example , teliasonera 's ( swedish-finnish telecom ) prices are considerably higher in estonia than in latvia and lithuania . 
  moreover , they also have faster internet speeds available there ( in latvia up to 400mbit/s , lithuania 500mbit/s , but here only 300mbit/s ) . 
   generally that is possible due to too weak competition in the market . 
  there is a project called estwin to grant all major rural areas fiber-optic internet and with that , to reduce the internet gap between urban and rural areas . 
  the project started in 2009 and is supposed to finish by end-2015 , with 98 % households having access to the fast internet ( at least 100mbit/s ) . 
  however , in recent years there has been no media coverage of it , seemingly the project has paused . 
  but looking at its website , many procurements are still going on , so it seems to be going on . 
  [ here ] ( http://ela12.elasa.ee/elakaart/ ) is a map of current state of it ( red : on-going , blue : completed ) . 
  edit : by 98 % household having access to it , it does n't mean that all the households have fast internet service already available , but they are at least within 1,5 km radius within the nearest fiber-optic network and can join it . 
  however , there have been many problems that network operators ( damn you greedy bastards , again ) ask quite high sums to bring the cables to homes . 
  because our network operators are greedy bastards . 
  for example , teliasonera 's ( swedish-finnish telecom ) prices are considerably higher in estonia than in latvia and lithuania . 
  moreover , they also have faster internet speeds available there ( in latvia up to 400mbit/s , lithuania 500mbit/s , but here only 300mbit/s ) . 
  generally that is possible due to too weak competition in the market . 
  unfortunately , that was n't fully the case here .
