   you were n't colonized either . 
  you had your own communist party run by mix of local collaborators with a large soviet russian speaking minority of population . 
  lithuanians for example did n't have that many russians speakers within their land and thats why they as far as i know do n't mind giving out citizenship to minorities within their borders . 
  the `` own communist party '' was just a stamp factory that approved everything moscow said . 
  no , really , countries such as poland or ddr has some kind of autonomy , but in soviet union , it was next to non-existant . 
  the only true time local commies had any say was in late 1980s with perestroika and glasnost . 
  and we all know how that ended . 
  and yes , lithuania had the fortunate situation of having considerably smaller minorities and could avoid the citizenship issue . 
   are you sure you 're not dealing with me though ? 
  there 's quite a lot of you being here as seasonal migrant workers living in flats 3-6 people at the time and earning money to send and spend back home . 
  i honestly do n't mind but your jab at me personally is weak to say the least . 
  no , i do n't have a problem with * you * in particular , but i do get vocal about this issue when i argue with russians . 
   well unless you feel that denying around 20 % in 1991 and around 10 % by now of inhabitans that were born within the borders of your state citizenship is morally and democractically sound decision . 
  how could you see democracy function in a country where 1/3 of citizens ca n't speak the state language ? 
  there are citizens in the country that are unable to speak with rest of them , or even understand what 's said on official media . 
  how would that work for a democracy ? 
   why not just kick them out and be done with it ? 
  because not giving all of them citizenship does not mean we think them of some subhuman scum ? 
   you are in the sphere of influence . 
  they 're ever changing and i do n't meen it in a bad way since that 's just reality of politics . 
  if you 're in the western one that 's fine and it meens you 're under protection of western powers and excused and excempt from some of the criticism that is directed at others but mutually apppliable to you . 
  that 's how media just does things . 
  i ca n't agree with that . 
  estonia is in eu and nato , uses the euro , is regarded a democracy , is a member of oecd etc. 
  it 's part of the west today , not just under its sphere of influence . 
  it 's difficult to see that changing considering if anything , estonia and russia have been moving further apart since 1990s . 
   i do n't remember them claiming that bronze soldier was bound to be destroyed . 
  just that it was a shit move to move it and would cause ethnic tension . 
  i remember it vividly , i remember during the demontage how many supposedly ` saw somebody cutting of the head ' , russians claiming in their talk shows how ` destroying monuments ' is not acceptable etc. 
  it 's very difficult to recover these now , especially since i 'm not very good at russian , but i 'm certain you can find these if you want . 
   estonians and latvians even to a bigger degree have had a policy of not granting people who were born , lived , worked their whole lives and will die in these countries citizenship to either them or their kids because of their racial background basically . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  how do you think it would be possible to take ` racial background ' in account when giving citizenship ? 
  somebody looks you in the face and says you do not qualify ? 
  the whole system was based on state continuity - that estonian citizenship never ceased to exist and their children would have it , as the law says . 
  even those that live in pechory or ivangorod now , once part of estonia , can claim it , and many have done so , even if they do n't speak estonian . 
  now those who migrated during soviet era were not barred from having it , they were just not automatically granted it . 
  they just needed to be able to speak estonian ( and some extremely basic points of constitution ) . 
  we all know very few of them did , and it was a reasonable policy to avoid having a large part of citizens completely alien to the country , unable to speak the language and living in foreign country 's information sphere . 
   something that they themselves were granted by the soviet state naturally from the day they got occupied till the fall of soviet union . 
  oh , really , thank you for that . 
  that soviet citizenship sure is valued a lot here . 
  / s  reason is simple , to limit the minority that not by it 's own will was placed there but considers the country ** partially ** their own home an ability to influence politics basically . 
  that 's not the only reason , but it was part of it , for sure . 
  and you 're right , * partially * consider estonia home , if even that . 
  having citizens that consider themselves a part of another country sure worked well for ukraine , i see . 
  i guess we should have shared the same fate according to you , because that 's `` equality '' for some . 
  the nation with largest country on earth has the right to rip pieces off its smaller neighbours whenever it wants . 
  and one could argue how colonizing baltics with over a million russians , combined with deportation of natives , could be considered ethnic cleansing . 
   under soviet law we were all in equally shit position but with democracy a new reality is that some are just more equal than others . 
  equality for you means that russians are equal everywhere in soviet union , but the natives only in their own constrained regions , and even there , have to share it with russians ? 
  well , we see it completely differently i guess . 
   cause you know ... 
  they speak russian why are you twisting it ? 
  not because they speak russian , because they do n't speak latvian . 
  and that can be changed by them , by just learning it . 
   apperently we were n't there before 1930 's and that 's okay to deny two generations of people lawfull representation in state matters . 
  apparently , even after baltics are colonized , they should just shut up and accept it , and let their country be torn apart by people that follow a foreign country ? 
  i 'm not saying that all russians do , but a lot of them did and still do . 
  you do n't seem to even glimpse a fraction of our position , and i 'd call that chauvinism . 
   baltic style modern western values gentlemen . 
  i 'm lucky in that that i wo n't have to deal with them . 
  and we 're lucky we 're not dealing with you . 
  a win-win , i guess . 
   also the western media has n't character assassinated estonia because you 're in their sphere of influence right now . 
  and we 're back in the ` spheres of influences ' , again . 
  no , we 're not just in a sphere of influence , we * are * part of the west , and willingly so . 
  and there 's no interest to be part of russia . 
  many in the west have often twisted views about russia , for example it being a completely impoverished hell-hole - that 's hardly the case as , no matter the reasons ( natural resources etc ) , it 's one of the wealthiest economies of post-soviet world , and among its neighbours . 
  not rich by western standards for sure , but still enough to flatter millions of workers from central asia . 
  but one thing russia can be rightfully placed as worst of the worst - is media - or freedom of media , neutrality and objectivity to be precise . 
  for those of us living next door to russia , that 's something we experience all the time . 
  reportages are not just biased in a way to prefer russia 's views , no , they are not afraid to make up cold lies and publish them ( i think most estonians remember russian media talking about `` inevitable devaluation '' of latvian lats and estonian kroons which led to some small-scale panic among russian pensioners in latvia , and the `` destruction '' of bronze soldier , which basically ended in rioting of tallinn ) , or even artifically provocate conflicts , such as [ the afromentioned riots in tallinn in 2007 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wafnvfnme0 ) . 
  i 've no doubt georgians and ukrainians have their examples too . 
  as a result , russian media is one of the least trusted sources of the world here , and russian state media on anything political is seen as just a laughing stock . 
  what is more , any connection to russian state will automatically dimnish any objectivity here . 
  and unfortunately , that 's not really surprising if we look at some statistics . 
  [ 88 % of russians ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/russians-consider-tv-the-most-trustworthy-news-source/540197.html ) have tv as their primary source of news . 
  and unfortunately , russian state is almost a monopoly in russian television market , [ owning 7 of 10 most popular channels ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/television_in_russia#most-viewed_channels ) , including all of the top 4 . 
  and the rest of 3 of the top 10 all owned by one oligrach , suprise-surprise , who is close to putin . 
  so what can we really expect here ? 
  i * was * talking about the external border here , closing internal borders would be reversal of european integration , which would be the complete opposite of eu 's goals . 
   but if you can avoid offending somebody with a small amount of effort , why not do it ? 
  probably because we see being offended by a mere statue of human 's natural body as something extremely backwards . 
  that 's the opposite of what was described in the article , actually . 
  in rome , do as the romans do - you should behave according to the customs in the place you go , while the place you go should not adapt to your views . 
  but that 's the thing . 
  there 's no plan to close the borders , just hope that the conflict will end and the flow will dry up . 
  i have no idea how any sane person can think schengen zone could ever work when it is unable to protect its border . 
  it sure is , but then again , really ignoring such agreements at one hand and then blaming other countries for not following some loose agreements in a very ideologically interpreted way is also a disaster for an argument . 
  talking about signing treaties and ( not ) respecting them , for some reason i ca n't see dublin agreements being enforced . 
  cherry-picking the best ideologically suitable solutions here ? 
   i pointed out that this mentality seems to be prevalent in eastern europe . 
  hence , `` eastern european zen '' . 
  no , it does n't . 
  the only reason you mentioned it is because eastern europe is a net financial receiver of eu funds , which somehow makes them indebted towards western europe . 
  we have countries like denmark and uk that have completely opted out in the whole eu-wide migrant crisis solutions but obviously they can allow such things . 
  the same thing happening in poland would obviously not be tolerated . 
  it 's not dumb to be afraid of pets , especially dogs - they can actually attack you . 
  what the hell can a standing sculpture do ?
