  i do n't support tax hikes in greece at all , i think these would have negative consequences for avoiding tax paying and the economy itself . 
  it 's just i do n't see how greece can afford 2x pensions of estonia with same economic output , not to mention with your not-really-shining demographics . 
  also , i do n't know how it is in greece but here new employees must collect their own pensions now ( the state pays some extra , but less than half of whay the employee pays ) , so that pensions would not be burdening the budget more and more each year . 
  also , we 're reforming the disabled people 's labour market to push them to job market , instead of just paying them ( rather small ) pensions . 
  but greece 's economic output is now at estonia 's level !, 
  you just do n't produce wealth more than us , yet are refusing to cut your 850 $ pensions ( ours are 350 $ , we have to cover heat bills in winter often over 100 $ ) . 
  how the hell do you imagine we 'd ever be willing to help you ? 
   well it is true i look at gdp per capita how do you measure a gdp of a region of soviet union ? 
   estonia had the higest level in the former ussr . 
  that 's no surprise , estonia was considerably above soviet average before the occupation . 
   remember estonia is in recession right now . 
  i live in this country , i do n't have to `` remember '' that . 
  i know the situation here and it 's definitely better than russia 's . 
   it is likely that your growth wont go further than 2 % in the next 10 years . 
  oh , hello economic expert . 
  i 'd rather believe actual experts , though . 
   asia will simply boost up us . 
  yes , yes . 
  abandon europe already . 
  i mean that 's just where 2 of your economic centres ( moscow and st. petersburg ) and 2/3 of population are . 
  also , please build a new iron curtain to your western border and stop importing any western stuff . 
  no need for american computers , german cars or finnish food . 
  do it all on your own ( or import from you new master china ) . 
  it was mostly sunny , only partly cloudy ( no rain , not to mention any thunder ) . 
  that 's from a weather station just 15 km from that . 
  however , there was a very tiny amount of rainfall measured in a weather station 65 km from the location , however , with even less wind . 
  * ilmateenistus * shows a maximum of 6.5 m/s ( average was just 2.8 m/s ) in that area during that time . 
  how the hell can that lift a bouncy playcastle with ( at least ) 5 children up to several dozen meters ? 
  it just sounds so unreal . 
   the only country in eastern europe that is higher than russia is estonia but since the soviet times it was always like that , even during soviet times estonia was on the same level as spain and portugal ( because of their population ) . 
  oh , please . 
  estonia on the same level as spain during soviet occupation ? 
  that idiotic totalitarian dictatorship , with its stupid socialist economy , which wrecked estonia 's economy , was , in no comparable way , even close to western europe . 
  have you taken a glimpse at what rolled on the streets , how poor the people were , how ugly the cities looked during soviet era ? 
  how do you even measure economic output of that pseudo-communist economy ? 
  seriously , tallinn became more and more similar to a decaying provincial russian town rather than a capital of a country . 
   oh by the way kazhastan is on the way to catch poland and the baltic states by 2018-2019 . 
  too bad it will overtake russia even before us . 
   here the thing firsf you should look the average wages in relation to the purchasing power ( here why i brought the poverty line ) . 
  what ? 
  minimum wage is one factor that affects job creation . 
  if you have very small minimum wage , companies can create jobs with very small wages . 
  on one side , it lowers unemployment , on the other one , however , it creates wage poverty - meaning you can not live decently even if you work . 
  if france lowered its minimum wage from 1500 $ to 100 $ ( as in russia ) and stopped paying any benefits , their unemployment could easily reach 1 % . 
  their life quality and living standards would fall dramatically nevertheless . 
   looking at that russia is higher than some baltic states and poland . 
  i thought we were talking about employment and wages , not economic output . 
  what 's the use of this for people if they are not paid well . 
  anyway , are you even sure russia is not below latvia and poland by now ? 
  their economies are growing while russia is in recession . 
   because despite sanctions unemployement is at 5,4 % ( a number that 95 % of european countries would dream to have ? 
  oh yes , with your `` humane '' minimum wage of a shocking 5965 rub aka ** 96 $ a month ( !!!, 
  ) ** , i 'm sure europeans are just dying for such `` jobs '' . 
  the negotiations kinda stalled due to events in ukraine , surprisingly due to russia 's passiveness . 
  i 'm really sceptical about the border treaty itself , it 's not like russia would honour international agreements anyway . 
  well , estonia and russia officially still do n't have a border . 
  so there 's that . 
  like ignores sanctions , talks about the need for further cooperation , carefully ignores mentioning anything about russian aggression ( aka finlandization ) etc. 
  it 's not finland sanctioning you in this case , it 's the whole eu and you have already imposed counter-sanctions on eu ( with finland already getting damaged by it as russia used to be a rather big market for their food ) . 
  why are you expecting finland to keep the ` special treatment ' of russia while russia has not done that ? 
  hah , you 're even smaller than estonia . 
  just with 13x more people . 
  that 's because you were supposed to ignore eu sanctions and continue with finlandization policies , just like during the glorious ussr-era . 
  russia is a completely peaceful and friendly neighbour , as long as you adjust your foreign policy to the kremlin 's . 
  the question is , how do you justify spending more money on foreigners than your own people . 
  do you punish them because they are living in a stable country ? 
  i 'm quite sure a lot of slovaks would want a free housing and social support . 
  ireland will probably beat ya ' though . 
  seriously , eu should introduce a new policy - if some countries want to impose ( politically motivated ) trade restrictions on one eu country , they * have * to do it on all 28 eu member states at once . 
  that way , they ca n't manipulate with eu member states and try to break the unity . 
  it 's extremely bad in estonia . 
  we have , by far , the largest drug overdose death rate ** and ** largest hiv rate in europe . 
  i wonder why it became so so bad in estonia 's russian-speaking community . 
  * just to show the situation - ida-virumaa , a russia-bordering county with 90 % russian-speakers , have over half of all hiv cases in estonia , despite making up just 11 % of country 's population . 
  * the bad thing is , however , more and more sexual-related cases are discovered each year ( as opposed to drug-related hiv cases ) and it 's not too rare among estonians anymore either . 
  it 'd be interesting if they had shown baltics separately . 
  it 's really difficult for them to show up because narva is separated from russia by a rather wide river , so unless they secretly swim over , it 'd be difficult not to detect them . 
   the crimea never had a a very large population of ukrainians neither had it ever had a russian majority until 20th century when stalin deported the ethnic tatars there . 
  that does n't stop putin 's russia claiming it as * historically russian * . 
   i wonder what will you use instead of putinbot when putin resigns or/and dies ? 
  oh it is going to be a long time to that , dictators usually do n't resign and he 's not * that * old to die yet . 
   also why waste money on latvia/estonia and the other country with african themed flag in any way ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why waste money on that extensive foreign pro-russia news network that nobody believes anyway ? 
  it should be `` shocking '' . 
  i would n't even be shocked if russia suddenly discovered their own independence was illegal and soviet union must be reestablished immediately . 
  * once upon a time there was a peaceful and equal soviet union , but then the fascists came , illegally separated , and started to harrass the innocent russians . 
  * yep , that fits into the same narrative . 
   if you go to the delfi.lt check the comments dear lithuania , we 're very sorry for * that part * of delfi . 
  it is an abomination and noone should ever go there . 
  hah , still no sputnik estonia or sputnik latvia . 
  i guess they underestimated the difficulties to find a estonian-speaking or latvian-speaking putinbot . 
  but rai at least concentrated on events where italians took part . 
  you wo n't get that with eurosport . 
  even worse for small countries . 
  rail baltica must be an expensive project . 
  greece has suffered a lot and many of the troika-induced austerity plans have had worse effect than planned . 
  in that way , it 's really not surprising to see greeks react to 25 % fall in gdp and 25 % unemployment . 
  however , i really think that doing the 180 \u00b0 by electing syriza was a huge mistake . 
  the crisis was starting to end - trust was regained on markets , gdp returned to growth and unemployment started to decline ( both slowly , but still ) .
