  estonians must all pay for the internet , unless they only use free wifi in public places . 
  considering we 're about to celebrate our country 's [ 100th anniversary ] ( https://ev100.ee/en ) , this is not true at all . 
  moldova as an independent state might exist since 1991 , but baltics and finland appeared on the world map after wwi , breaking away from russian empire . 
  it 's not and should not be here . 
  just because you consider something ` boring ' does n't mean there 's no history . 
  i 'd like you to try speaking about all the conquests , diffent powers , how commoners vs nobility lived there etc in 5 minutes . 
   `` conquered and ruled by some country for centuries , growth of nationalism in 19th century , independence . '', 
  like you could say `` conquered some lands , fought other powers for centuries '' for russia ? 
  seriously ? 
  by the way , independence of moldova is rather different story from that of finland and last century is not even comparable . 
  so what were you trying to imply with your comment ? 
  yes , we do n't even have history , because unlike russia , we surely did n't exist under foreign powers or before that and actually are just artifical creations made purely to weaken glorious mother russia by taking its rightful territories away . 
  something like that ? 
   now that you are in both the eu and nato , what 's your stance ? 
  that 's not the point , the point was that there would have been a group of citizens that could be exploited to derail the country 's politics . 
   afaik , learning estonian is obligatory in schools so overtime the issue is gon na go away . 
  yes , which is why children of non-citizens get estonian citizenship now automatically . 
  but majority of non-citizens grew up during soviet times and do n't speak estonian . 
  it depends . 
  those with citizenship have at least learned the language . 
  if we had given citizenship to all soviet migrants , we would have had almost 1/3 population unable to speak the official language . 
  not only would that be just absurd that citizens of the same country are unable to speak to each other , we would definitely not have had such a smooth ride to the european union and nato , as a large part of the citizens would be influenced by a foreign country . 
  really , how is demanding the official language for citizenship so unacceptable ? 
  russia itself is not exactly allowing to get citizenship without knowing russian either . 
  and that 's a multi-ethnic federation . 
   you 're confusing international with european law , the un charters on refugees do n't say that it 's the first state in which they arrive where refugees have to apply for asylum , it 's the dublin convention which says so . 
  i 'm pretty sure you ca n't find a provision in international law that would oblige estonia to start saving people in foreign countries . 
   so is us not vetoing the sanctions as i said , that 's really not a threat . 
  it 's us at the border whose economy suffers the most from these . 
   are they?if putin did n't threaten the baltics and finland i doubt we would have seen the sanctions , just look at georgia . 
  putin threatened baltics and finland ? 
  where ? 
  but implying that without cee being vocal about it , there could have been a smaller reaction - of course . 
  only i 'd like to see western europe keeping its face after not reacting to invasions and annexations in europe . 
  it 's really shocking that we have to remind of these things . 
   never said you did n't , just that if populist parties like pis take power there and decide that `` flexible solidarity '' is the way to go , the rest of us may also want flexible solidarity . 
  well , sure , but we 're not poland . 
   saving people from drowning in the sea and processing their asylum applications it 's also international law . 
  actually yes , but according to the law , the current wave should be purely mediterranean countries ' problems . 
  us helping is voluntary action . 
   yeah man , estonia totally is n't concerned about russia and asking for help from nato and eu ( and before you come with what has nato to do with refugees it 's the same germany , france and italy asking for help with refugees sending troops there ) . 
  but our security concerns with nato and sanctions due to violating international law * are * different topics . 
  and estonia does contribute to refugee crisis . 
   yep , kinda hard to integrate when you 're stateless . 
  that citizenship thing did n't seem to help in ukraine at all . 
  i mean , if part of your citizens are strongly supportive of an occupying regime and vote to be part of that , and another part is ready to kill your citizens , what 's there to discuss ? 
   it 's no wonder you are hostile to new immigrants if you are hostile towards part of your own population living there for decades already , and having nowhere else to go . 
  the amount of time you live on a geographical territory is a pointless indicator if those people have lived in russian information sphere all their lives . 
  by the way , i think calling estonians hostile against russians is ironic because , afaik , the only two violent protests in estonia since 1989 have been both by russian-speaking groups . 
  in 1990 , russian `` internationalists '' attacking estonian parliament and in 2007 , russian chauvinists looting tallinn . 
  even if both were a vocal minority , i imagine in some other country , where people are less calm than estonians , this would have ended up in ethnic conflicts . 
  estonians might be strict and unyielding on topic like language and citizenship , but not hostile . 
  and we have not closed our borders with russia , so they can always go there if they want . 
   and who are not very different from you culturally ( i have zero problems interacting with estonians  ) even if cultural issues are not a big issue ( religion is a difference , not a very important one today , but language is a very hot topic ) , they are politically mostly very different . 
  so end the sanctions then . 
  really , what would we specifically lose from that ? 
  it 's about international law , not us . 
  you know , invading your neighbours is not really permitted . 
  annexing even less so . 
  well , okay . 
  i did mean up to 16 , which is * p\u00f5hiharidus * in estonian and translated as primary education . 
  maybe compulsory education would be a better term . 
  afaik , the suspension was related to election campaign only . 
  joke aside , only 15 % of estonian expats in eu have higher education , compared to 45 % in estonia . 
  and even though many of the expats have vocational education , there are plenty of those with just primary . 
  therefore , the higher % of estonian expats in jails compared to other europeans is not surprising at all . 
  tl ; dr : the voluntary paramilitary group of defence league of estonia , which has existed since the country itself , has just got boost of new members after russia invading ukraine . 
  well , it 's fun to follow these , but at the same time , i 'm damn glad my country is not tilting between eu and russia all the time . 
  just pick a path for your country already and then maybe stay on it for a while , so maybe you would actually see some result eventually ? 
   montenegro are bastions of pro-russian orthodox feelings a pro-russian nato member ? 
   russia sees eu as a partner . 
  you mean certain eu countries that buy gas from them and lobby for their interests ? 
  it definitely does not see eu as a whole as a partner , it has established a competing bloc and is funding movements that undermine eu . 
  i 'm sorry but this vote rather only emphasized how dumb it is to allow people to vote on topics they have no clue about . 
  how 's russia and its eurasian union taken as a realistic alternative to eu in moldova ? 
  i mean , not only is it a lot smaller , poorer , worse-performing and less solidaristic ( there 's no comparable funding of poorer states like in eu ) , it 's also not geographically even bordering them , and likely never will . 
  but i understand it might be about opposing the government , or the possible annexation by evil romania ( which would increase life quality and future prospects in moldova more than any other realistic choice , but hey , moldovenism ) . 
  you know very well what i mean . 
  baltics are part of eu and that market is not going to be closed , unless there are some massive unforeseeable events . 
  with russia , just relocating a monument in your capital is enough to get an embargo . 
  that 's not civilized behaviour . 
  meh , really , how much is there such kind of activity that needs common opening hours ? 
  i meant more like waking up , eating , going to sleep etc. 
  i mean , if you 're used to going to sleep at 22 , it might be problematic to shift that to 19 , for example . 
  also , i might check for opening times , yes , but then again , i do n't think i 'd do that when i 'd go out at 14 , for example . 
  i 'm used that pretty much everything is open at that time . 
  considering the very bad health of russian men , where alcoholism is one of the main reasons for that , i 'd use ` catastrophically ' only in the case of a strong surge in sales of vodka . 
  i do n't see how adjusting our clocks a bit would affect trade with russia in any way , considering they 're already in a different time zone . 
  however , i 'd rather keep the time zone we have , it makes much more sense . 
  not officially , but * de facto * it is . 
  some local governors have claimed that in russia aswell . 
  good luck when going abroad , instead of simply adjusting the clock , you 'll have to learn about which time is the best for doing something . 
  peak of the day is noon - that is the time when the sun is at the highest , so there 's most light . 
  ideally , 12 o'clock should be exactly that time , but we have set common time in countries for benefits you mentioned , so every town and region would n't have its own time . 
  however , if noon is something like 13:20 in madrid , that is already a rather significant deviation from that normal day cycle . 
  we set our lives mostly according to the clock nowadays , so that means people do n't act according to the natural day cycle . 
  finland and sweden are also very close partners , yet they can handle different time zones . 
  hell , many countries have different time zones in their regions . 
  i do n't think it is useful to twist the normal day cycle because of political reasons . 
  the map on the right makes much more sense and as we have 3 time zones in eu anyway ( not counting any overseas regions ) , such an adjustment would not make our lives more difficult .
