  * live 11.5 years less than women . 
  * pension age comes 5 years later . 
  * oh , and another year must be served in the army . 
  seems absurd that this is considered acceptable . 
  no worries , the people are willing to suffer for their leader . 
  after all , they need protection from all those foreign enemies that are out to destroy russia . 
   ruble zone does this intend to be some russian counterpart for the eurozone ? 
  i 'd imagine the requirements for joining are to let at least 1 ' 000 russians troops in the country , organize a major 9th may event in the capital and call the us evil imperialists on your largest tv station . 
  i do n't think i was salty , i was merely explaining why what luxembourg does is seen the way it is . 
  sure , i 'd find it fair that skype was in tallinn instead , considering that 's where it origined , but the reality is that it 's not , just as countless other multinationals that try their best to avoid taxes . 
  i hope that eu starts pressuring them more because it would be way healthier if we promoted actual innovation , business and creating something useful for the humanity , not playing with bureaucracy . 
   skype was founded in luxembourg you nitwit , and you can read here why . 
  can you name some of those luxembourgers that came up with the idea of such voip-program , that made the code ? 
  because i can name such estonians ... 
  even the `` explanation '' itself is mostly about ` business relations ' and an ` international environment ' . 
  if luxembourg did n't exist , skype would still be here . 
  without estonia , that would not be the case . 
   that 's not a crime and it certainly is not our fault you are not willing to give them other benefits . 
  actually , we have rather low taxes , but we still demand a fair share from companies . 
   this comment just yells `` i 've actually no clue about your country . '', 
  what do you think pays our roads , hospitals , schools , etc ? 
  taxpayer money , and most of that comes from people that work very hard for their money . 
  have i said anything else ? 
  it has been an absolute flop for the nordics - not a single one of them has made into the finals , except for sweden , which only did due to hosting ( and i really doubt they would have made it otherwise ) . 
  also , estonia totally confirmed nordic for also flopping . 
  hmm , looking at some coastal towns of montenegro , i can actually relate with the waiter in my mind . 
  paying taxes in the country of production is another issue - what i meant is that most of the companies that have hq in luxembourg have absolutely nothing to do with the country - they 're not founded there , it 's not their main ( and not even a significant ) market , development center , production place etc. 
  apple is based in california , usa , its foundation place and home market . 
  zara , again very logically in its birthplace , just like h&m in sweden etc. 
   of course they need to pay taxes in one place , so logically they try to find the best spot . 
  why does your country not simply provide them such a spot ? 
  because a normal country functions on tax money . 
  because we also kinda hope that foreign companies pay their fair share here aswell . 
  because hopefully the eu regulation becomes tougher and fairer here . 
  the only thing estonia would actually deserve is to have skype hq in tallinn , where it was also founded and where most of the development still takes place . 
  are montenegrins lazy according to some stereotypes or what ? 
   also this tax evasion myth that 's going on is incredible . 
  please tell me more about all that steel arcelormittal produces in luxembourg , all the chocolate ferrero produces there , or those millions of clients skype , amazon , paypal etc have there . 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's not exactly hard to realize that these companies ' do n't pay taxes where they earn it and it is hurting other eu members ' budgets . 
  and it 's now clear that we 've got yet another unrecognized failed state that survives on moscow donations . 
  transnistria , south ossetia , abkhazia , dnr , lnr ... divide and conquer russia style is continuing . 
  have they already started to massively issue russian citizenships there , like with all the previous cases ? 
   not only ... 
  it was a brutal repressive dictatorship all the way . 
  it was . 
  and yet it also brought development to some regions ( central asia , for example ) and had significant scientific achievements . 
  and well , the military glory , which we do n't really get . 
   so , never mind that you bastards do n't recognize your crimes , let 's get along anyway ? 
  nope , more like please do recognize ussr crimes . 
   finally recognition of these crimes . 
  we will not move on before recognition . 
  it 's necessary to point the blame on ussr , not on the nation of russians in such case . 
   cooperation with a hostile dictatorship ? 
  i think not ... you wo n't exactly make them less hostile if you refuse to cooperate and blame the whole nation . 
   when exactly did russia acknowledge that ussr actions were wrong and should have never happened ?? 
  ussr actions * towards baltics * . 
  it 's quite clear they will never have the same opinion of soviet union as we do . 
  and did i say they have done it ? 
  i said that 's what we should aim for . 
  that 's realistic to achieve . 
   are you insane ? 
  what happened , happened . 
  estonia suffered a lot , but so did a lot of other nations , including russians . 
  what can we achieve by constant blaming ? 
  we 're neighbours and will stay such , so we should be interested in cooperation . 
  this always brings more benefits as opposed to isolation . 
  yes , it 's not happening right now with putin , but it should be possible with some cooperative leaders . 
  russia ca n't change its past , but it can change its current behaviour . 
   have you been living on the moon ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  does n't really matter , estonians were about to restore republic of estonia as the blue-black-white was flying in tallinn when the red army entered . 
  it was not liberation even in that sense . 
  obviously , it 's you who do n't know that russia has pretty much rollbacked on criticism of ussr since that time . 
  you probably do n't even know that at those times , russia ( not ussr ) was actually an ally of baltics . 
  stop it already . 
  estonia has been under foreign rule for like 800 years in the past and of course , not once have estonians been taken as equals with the conquerers in those times . 
  our problem with soviet union is not ( should not be ) so much with russians ' actions in the past , but those of present . 
  there 's no reason to be stuck in the past if you know it 's the past . 
  what matters is that russia ~ ~ acknowledged ~ ~ should acknowledge [ fix ] that ussr actions here were wrong and should have never happened . 
  otherwise , we ca n't be quite sure that russia is not planning to ` fix historical mistakes ' etc. 
   refusing to paint our soviet history solid black is n't `` glorification '' . 
  your officials still refer to the soviet occupation here as ` liberation ' . 
  i mean , one has to be brainwashed to even think that locals would have ever wanted to join such a failed state where millions of its own citizens had just starved to death ( in 1930s ) on the most fertile soil of the country . 
  but then we have all the deporations , repressions , mass fleeings etc. 
  it 's even a bit astonishing how twisted can be one 's view on historical events . 
  then again , it might also stem from ignorance that so many big nations have . 
   this is not an excuse . 
  this is a reminder that soviet union history was n't solid black . 
  far from it , actually . 
  it was n't , for sure . 
  and many probably in the baltics could also see it less as some evil empire and more of an historical country . 
  but russia is definitely the example of over-glorification , propaganda and outright lies , especially when it comes to annexation and occupation of baltics . 
  it 's all about finding the balance between the past and the future . 
  this is definitely a very important topic regarding the euro area . 
  for my country , estonia , the euro has been a rather logical choice . 
  estonia 's currency ( since reintroducing it in 1992 ) was always pegged to dm and then to $ , which basically meant that estonia always used the euro , but without the security and convenience of the large unified currency zone . 
  this meant that adopting the euro had no bigger cons , apart from those that stemmed from problems of other eurozone members ( greece , in particular ) . 
  we 're also a small , volatile economy , which means our own floating currency is a rather considerable risk ( take iceland , for example ) . 
  then we 're also a country where people 's savings basically vanished with break-up of ussr , which means a strong , stable and safe currency to keep your savings in and trust in general is also an important feature ( check other post-soviet countries where local currencies are heavily mistrusted ) . 
  but now italy ?
