  i do n't know where you are from but i advise to look at for example , finland , how the public broadcaster functions . 
  even a rather small scandal cost the leader their job recently . 
  a proper developed democratic society has checks and balances , and corresponding supervision to not allow anything like that . 
  people are critical and the society would react strongly . 
  unfortunately , in russia , the propaganda machine has become part of everyday life . 
  not in eu , but a close partner of eu . 
  visa freedom , maybe some free trade agreement etc. 
   a much `` harder '' stance most western leaders where willing to take but at the same time treating russia as a partner and avoiding to fall into `` anti-russian '' rhetoric . 
  goes quite well with today 's [ bloomberg opinion piece ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-05-29/us-russia-relations-after-putin-and-trump ) ( although it 's america-centric ) . 
  seems to be the most reasonable policy towards russia imo . 
  it 's not . 
  in western europe , the public broadcaster is an important element of democracy and is therefore , meant to be impartial and fair . 
  russian state media is purely a tool of information war . 
  they are meant to discredit the enemy and praise russia ( or putin , in case of internal enemies ) . 
  that 's the entire point of them . 
  being biased is actually necessary to serve the motherland . 
  yep , that 's a classic . 
  it 's not integration , i 'm afraid . 
  i 've also heard repeatedly how latvia has integrated russians much better than estonia . 
  the truth is we 're probably on a similar page here . 
  estonia is explainable because life has improved since soviet times . 
  that also among russians , many of who live in tallinn , which has seen some visible progress . 
  meanwhile , the north-eastern regions such as narva have been rather stagnant , and i think sentiment is more negative there . 
  still , maybe some of the developments of recent years have started to turn people more optimistic as well . 
  as much as there 's also russian influence in moldova , i tend to think it 's way more about the completely collapsed economy and the state that does n't function properly . 
  i mean , average moldovan lives worse today than in ussr . 
  you can see the regression even in satellite maps as moldova actually dims at nights compared to soviet era . 
  freedom does n't count for much if you ca n't afford sausage on your bread . 
  and that even after 25 years . 
  why has the share of people regretting the dissolution risen ? 
  both czechia and slovakia are doing quite well on their own , are they not ? 
  if you have n't heard , both croats and serbs have very good knowledge of foreign languages . 
  croats learn serbian and the other way around at the same time as their native language . 
  and not only , they also learn bosnian and montenegrin at the same time !, 
  and look , some of these geniuses even speak english . 
  they can speak at least 5 languages !, 
  ignoring the nazi reference , it 's still stupid to call a country ' a * and * b ' . 
  just pick the dominating region like the rest have done . 
  ^ ( yes , bosnia and herzegovina , your name sucks . ), 
  i 'd say german * tschechische republik * is even worse . 
  just look at that incredibly inefficient use of letters . 
  oh , so we actually refer to just bohemia in estonian , we call you * t\u0161ehhi * , which seems to be taken from \u010cechy . 
  sorry , but how does this show strength ? 
  i mean , i believe they had a legit reason to expel dipomats , but still , it 's just a problem , nothing to celebrate . 
  no information , but i very much doubt that . 
  the monument has been vandalized repeatedly in the past , probably due to the plaque mentioning `` liberation '' of estonia by soviets , which triggers quite a lot of estonians . 
  at the same time , when the scandalous bronze soldier monument had `` occupants '' mentioned on its plaque , it was vandalized as well . 
  it 's pretty much the same fight over history that continues to this day . 
  and as we can see , it can even create diplomatic scandals . 
  the event itself was already reported in the media , it 's the way of communicating with the municipality that was the problem . 
  unfortunately , we have no information , but it had to be rather obscene to get expelled . 
  we could speculate it was something like insulting all estonians ... russian embassy condemns each of such event all the time anyway , that 's not new . 
  no official reason , but media speculates it has something to do with a soviet monument . 
  namely , someone had written `` they bombed my grandmother , they shall burn in hell '' ( in estonian language ) onto a monument commemorating soviet bomb plane that was shot down in estonia . 
  the monument is on lands of a local russian compatriots association member . 
  apparently , russian diplomats had some rude talk to local municipality employee because of that . 
  so as usual , russians insisting they are liberators , estonians being despised by it . 
  no common understanding of history even after 70 years . 
  i think my position on russia is rather typical for estonians . 
  if you ca n't discuss that , it shows you actually ca n't see things from others ' perspective . 
  sorry but this only shows your incapability to see things from others ' perspective . 
  i have n't even commented here and yet you 're bringing me out as some agenda pusher ? 
  and that as a reply to a person that mentions baltics ( and ukraine , for that matter ) exclusively in a negative context ( booh , they 're russophobes , look how good ussr was to them , now evil retard nationalist have taken over and destroyed everything waaah , look how putin rebuilt russia why do n't you love him etc ) . 
  i would like some proof from you about `` agenda pushing '' as i really ca n't stand false accusations . 
  as much as i remember , i have n't deleted a single post of mine , so go ahead . 
  but what would an eu army be ? 
  some alliance in parallel to nato ? 
  army consisting of troops from different countries under eu leadership ? 
  the latter sounds very unrealistic to me , something on the level of federal europe . 
  if usa distanced itself from nato , could it not just ... you know ... be overtaken by europe ? 
  or the european wing of nato become its own thing ? 
  i mean , as much as i understand that europe might want its own military alliance as usa with trump is not too trustworthy , i just find it really hard to dump an almost 70-year-old alliance with massive experience , working infrastructure and know-how , and to this day , the most powerful military alliance that nobody dares to invade , into dustbin and create something from scratch . 
  and mind you , some consider nato to be more effective than eu . 
  not that i 'd believe nato would be going anywhere , just some thoughts on * if it was * . 
   more practical . 
  how are you shipping it over the gulf full of mines and russian antiship missiles ? 
  \u00c5land will get invaded straight from the start too . 
  there will be anti air battery in \u00c5land with 150km-200km range class . 
  which only makes even more sense for the countries to be in a military alliance . 
  the gulf of finland would be way more easily protected . 
  and with sweden , most of the baltic sea . 
   quit thinking politics and start thinking how the actual soldier moves from france to estonia/finland . 
  but why do you only think about france , germany etc ? 
  in my opinion , the nordic-baltic cooperation would be a priority in our region . 
  if sweden and finland would be in nato , the region would be very well protected . 
  there would be no isolated `` islands '' and russia would have no control over the sea . 
   look at the map . 
  how are you bringing help to finland if nato ca n't even get the help to estonia ? 
  estonia is also part of nato . 
  so is estonia 's help not good enough for you , or what ? 
  not to mention that we are already hosting about 1 ' 000 nato troops here , as well as a modern nato aircraft base . 
  furthermore , as sweden is more pro-nato than finland , if it ever came to finland joining , sweden would join as well . 
   every single nato conflict from here on out . 
  so it 's only a hypothetical scenario of extremely unlikely events , like where russia became insane enough to start invading nato members . 
  and even if that happened , course we 'd participate in protecting our allies in such case . 
  you never know who they 'll come after next . 
   you might even get pulled into `` non nato '' conflicts , like s.korea versus n.korea . 
  there 's no such obligation as it is for nato members , but even then , i really do n't see what would be wrong with helping south korea ? 
  why would anyone * not * help them against such an inhumane brutal dictatorship ? 
   the leaders deciding about wars in 2017 : trump , putin , erdogan this is extremely simplistic thinking .
