  i wonder who are all the brainwashed people that move into an apartheid regime ? 
   also people are super negative about our government and our president . 
  are they ? 
  i mean , there are mostly economy-related issues i think people are not happy with , taxes and unwise decisions in state companies in particular . 
  otherwise , i think it 's the standard whining . 
   quotas are the same thing as funds for infrastructure , science , environment and so on in poorer eu nations you know , as we only redistribute 1 % of eu 's gdp , will we be also redistributing 1 % of all refugees in eu ? 
   other euro nations , accept losses and forgive the debt i 'd like to see somebody convincing portuguese and italians , which have debt problems themselves , and latvians and slovaks , whose living standards are below greece 's , to pay for greeks ' debts . 
  not to mention countries that are just very eurosceptic right now , like france or the netherlands . 
  you 'd most likely see the collapse of euro area . 
  italy is now entering the curve of faster decline , as can be seen [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_italy#historical_data ) . 
  last year , it had fewest births since at least 1900 , and most deaths since wwii . 
  so the trends are setting in already . 
  this is a problem that haunts all developed countries . 
  maybe the societies can handle it . 
  if we suddenly become very productive and rich , that is . 
  but i 'm afraid a more realistic scenario is either lower living standards of working people in the future ( as less and less workers have to support more and more elderly ) or our grandparents will just move back with their children and grandchildren . 
  you know , like in the old days . 
  but before any of that happens , i 'd rather try to achieve at least a stable population and watch some other nation solve the issue first . 
  better not test such things on my country , which have never happened in the history before . 
   italian population is not in free-fall btw not now , because of rising life expectancy and immigration . 
  however , because italian fertility rates have been below the replacement level of 2.1 for decades , the number of fertile-aged women will start to drop fast , and as the fertility rate is still low , those combined will start to reduce population dramatically in the next decades . 
  of course , this can be masked with immigration , but the scale of it should be huge and ever-increasing ( if the fertility rate does n't improve ) . 
  considering the massive problems europe already has with integration , and italy 's position of mostly not attracting the educated english-speakers like us , but more likely arabs across the sea with random backgrounds ( generally less educated and poorer than an italian , and from a foreign culture ) . 
  i mean , it 's kinda replacing one problem with another ( demographics vs. culture , religion , ethnic conflicts ) . 
   but i 'm saying that family policies ( giving money for people to have children ) wo n't help much at the current situation . 
  why would n't it ? 
  if people do n't want to have children because they 're financially not well off ( as they want to offer child a good quality of life ) , then some guaranteed additional money flow will help at least a bit . 
  i mean , none of the birth incentives are perfect and often have negative side effects , but the worst you could do , is just ignore it . 
   and many young people are living portugal , because they do n't see a future in the country for them . 
  i assume you meant leaving . 
  well , you have then an additional problem of emigration , which should also be dealth with , but that does n't mean child policies should n't be looked at . 
  the vast majority of the portuguese still stay in the country . 
  no one would stop investing in the country , only reset some priorities . 
  for example , before thinking of building a brand new motorway , maybe increase child benefits . 
  cities that have growing population and potential can and should still invest in infrastructure , but definitely not the emptying countryside . 
  unemployment definitely affects southern europe , but birth rate is very low among working people aswell . 
  otherwise , italy and portugal would n't be so far behind others . 
  in addition to having very low birth rates , southern europe also has one of highest life expectancies in the world . 
  so despite being a sign of development , it also makes the curse of aging worse . 
  oh , and these countries are also the countries most vulnerable to migrant crises . 
  demographics should be way bigger priority there right now . 
  honestly , governments of southern europe should just direct money from infrastructure to family policies . 
  that might sound anti-growth , but actually , it 's incredibly unreasonable to build some massive roads for the future where your population is in free-fall , and you ca n't keep your social security system afloat . 
  yes , russia has seen some great recover in recent years . 
  eastern europe has also recovered a bit , but with emigration still haunting most of them . 
  but the populations of both russia and europe will still enter into a permanent decline phase in a few decades , unless we see some major events . 
  however , southern europe is becoming a demographic disaster , so we have that to comfort us with . 
  you do realize that those over-sexualized gay prides are not representative of gays in general , right ? 
  i mean , many gays even oppose these because they form a twisted view of gay people among the general population . 
  and about abortion , afaik , the number of abortions has reduced drastically in the west over the past few decades . 
  people are practicing safe sex more and more . 
  where 's the degeneracy here ? 
  actually , it 's quite true . 
  they wo n't portray themselves as pro-russia , due to historical and current conflicts . 
  it 's the same in estonia , our nationalist conservatives are actually the closest you 'll find to today 's russia with their values , but because of the occupation and stuff , they ca n't take putin as their idol , like those in western europe can . 
  fortunately , though , as that means they wo n't find supporters among russians . 
   because the implementing of any new regime has been terribly weak or nonexistent . 
  that 's why i like the grenada example - it was small enough to handle easily . 
  but we never have the guarantee of actually getting a working state after toppling the previous regime . 
  no matter how good the plan is , or how good examples we have . 
  i 'd not be willing to take the responsibility for that , so as when things go bad , and we 've actually caused more suffering for the country , just say `` oops !, 
  our bad . '', 
  and either leave it be or get an instable mess on our shoulders . 
   i do n't share such hate - it 's their state controlled media , which generates such hate . 
  and as long as western countries have n't invaded democratic countries , then there can be no mistrust as we all know what the precondition for absolute certainty is that the west will never attack a nation . 
  firstly , we know very well that ( functioning ) democracies wo n't be implemented in large parts of the world for a long time . 
  even then , we still have to get along with them on a basic level . 
  especially considering democracy often comes in waves and it seems to me we 're seeing currently a wave of decline ( hungary and poland ?! ) . 
  furthermore , population grows rapidly in non-democratic countries and their importance in the world might grow . 
  secondly , there 's the issue of defining democracy . 
  russia is a democratic country according to itself . 
  with flaws , but still . 
  many in the west do not share the feeling . 
  if we take the right to invade non-democratic countries and also define democracies ( which , let 's be honest , the west actually does ) , it actually gives us the power to eliminate regimes that might not be liked ( at least in theory ) . 
  do you really think rest of the world would agree to that ? 
   i think it 's always justified for democratic countries to topple dictators , but only as long as there is a plan to implement a democratic system or at least a more moderate alternative . 
  always ? 
  that 's stretching it too far . 
  many consider belarus to be a dictatorship . 
  if we 'd have plan to make it into a democracy , do you really think it would justify invading the country ? 
  even as majority of the people there would rather have the current regime ? 
  even if it would likely lead to a war with russia ? 
  i would be very cautious with toppling regimes . 
  not only has it failed many times and made things worse , but it also makes west hated and mistrusted around the world . 
   what were they supposed to change ? 
  transfer crimea ( and black sea fleet ) to ukraine ? 
  that is never going to happen . 
  it 's truly not , but they still have the power to end the mess in eastern ukraine . 
  they 're not doing that because it 's a great tool to manipulate with ukraine . 
   neighbors of russia are afraid of russia . 
  call for nato back up . 
  nato puts more guns on the border . 
  russia reponds with pointing more guns on her neighbors . 
  neighbors or russia are feeling safer now ? 
  for us , it 's important that our security , despite baltics being geographically shit to protect , is taken seriously and equally with other members . 
  that means we can have troops here if we want , no matter what russia thinks . 
  furthermore , russia wo n't invade nato countries that are ready to protect themselves and we are certainly not planning to invade russia . 
  the other part of it is just a response . 
  that we wo n't stay idle when russia invades neighbours . 
  yes , they can further deploy troops near our region , but the point here is that it wo n't deter us from making our own decisions .
