  but see , hey , even in the eu with the same policies . 
   however , is immigration/asylum by far the the greatest issue facing europe today ? 
  well , according to eurobarometer , europeans did put immigration as the 3rd most important issue ( after unemployment and economy ) and the latest survey was conducted nearly a year ago . 
  considering all the fuss , media coverage , migration quotas etc , i would n't be surprised if this has surged to first place by now . 
  well , for once , considering france is the single biggest receiver of cap funding in the entire eu , while they 're also one of the wealthiest countries , i do find it funny that it 's the french protesting and not baltic farmers . 
  the last time our farmers did protest was about the unfair cap funding , actually . 
  but low prices are a result of market economy , not unfair distribution . 
  what are they demanding ? 
  for the state to artifically raise prices ? 
  or to increase their already huge dotation even more ? 
  estonia 's not wealthier than czech republic . 
  nominally , we might be close to them , but we 're also more expensive , so czechs have higher purchasing power . 
  actually , internet has better price-quality level in latvia and lithuania than here . 
  the bad side of nordic influence :(, 
  nooooooooo !, 
  no saldejums anymore , no k\u0101rums ? 
  you 've been annexed by latvia * and latvia was annexed by you ? 
  their mediterranean coast [ does ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:subtropical.png ) , however . 
  yikes , here you wo n't get even close to that ever , the record is something around 36 \u00b0 c. 
  but you do want to have those heatwaves once in a year if most of the time , the land is dull , brown , it 's windy , cold and wet ( autumn ) , it 's freakin ' cold , go shovel that pile of snow again , have to wear warm clothes , but hey , there is christmas and ice roads to islands ( winter ) and then comes the expectation of summer aka spring . 
  if frenchies think they have it bad , come to baltics - with our often soviet-era farms and machinery , with the lowest cap funding in the eu and a not-the-best soil , adding the stupid geographical position ( hey russia - ah ' it 's closed , hey nordics - ah there 's sea ) , this year 's lousy weather and african swine fever ( thanks , russia and belarus ) , i somehow think farmers here have way more to protest about . 
   and the weather 's probably nice up there . 
  oh yeah , we 're just currently having one of the worst summers in decades . 
  the last time we had 25 degrees here was in the first days of july , rest has been cold and wet . 
   i really hope baltic states reasonably solve their `` russian problem '' at some point or it will fester forever . 
  there 's no other ( civilized ) way in doing that other than integration . 
   and so , the russian state screws russians yet again . 
  true that , russia 's interested in baltic russians staying monolingual , watching only russian channels , being able to manipulate them , but that really damages russians . 
  it makes russians here a segregrated group who 'll not only have a lot of disadvantages compared to locals , but also very negative reputation ( putin 's puppets ) . 
  even the downturn in relations and weakening economic relations hurt russians the most here - * they * are the ones most reliant on trade with russia ( railway workers ) and tourists ( eastern estonia ) . 
  but hey , since when did putin ever actually care about common people ? 
  it 's muh ' russian glory that comes first . 
  but the nevsky cathedral is beautiful too , is n't it ? 
  do n't worry , russia has also played a part in our history , no need to hide it . 
  i think soviet-era migrants are still counted because a lot of them do n't have baltic citizenship . 
  also , russians are still today the leading immigrating nation to estonia , if we do n't count estonians returning from abroad . 
  it 's definitely a trend if you look at the extremely bad situation with illegal immigration . 
  if previously , the amount of asylum seekers were tolerable and illegals managed , it did n't reach media . 
  now , we constantly see hordes of young men from africa ( not so much from syria , where there actually is a war and where asylum seekers should come from ) , often being aggressive and shouting `` allahu akhbar '' , it 's not surprising for europeans to oppose their arrival to europe . 
  `` why you easterners take all our money but none of the responsibilities ? '', 
  `` why you westerners want to impose your failed immigration policies on us ? '', 
  `` why you northerners not take part of the migrants , it 's all of eu 's border , not just ours ? '', 
  `` why you southerners not manage your borders and want us to pay for your mistakes ? '', 
  something like that . 
  the questions seem to be formulated in a very pro-russia and anti-eu way that it 's extremely disturbing for me to read this . 
  it 's as if this interview was prepared by an rt journalist . 
  ah , that eastern europe . 
  so glad we 're in the north . 
  european union 's export this year : +6 % russia 's export this year : -30 % the cartoon could at least have some logic in it . 
  despite having born in republic of estonia , he was a bit controversial figure for us . 
  he could speak estonian and did n't press russian language or the out-dated russian calendar on estonian orthodox churches . 
  he managed to block many closures of churches in estonia during soviet times . 
  however , with the end of soviet era , he became the leader of russian orthodox chuch and the problems began . 
  he refused to grant ukrainian orthodox church independence from moscow , but even worse , in estonia , the estonian orthodox church was re-established ( it existed before wwii ) , but with the same name as the russian one and that clashed with the views of russian orthodox church in estonia , which led to lasting problems between estonia and russian church . 
  the latter was forced to change their name and estonian orthodox church realigned themselves to constantinople , as opposed to moscow . 
  also , his views were extremely conservative and under his leadership , russian orthodox church has turned into some strange mechanism for promoting putin 's chauvinism . 
  yeah , [ that ] ( https://postinstrumentum.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/balti_kett_21.jpg ) was cool . 
  ... and extremely close to being the most popular party in sweden . 
  so i guess as swedish economy is doing fine that means other parties have absolutely failed to adapt to the immigration issues and continue to live in their alternative universe where there are no issues with immigration whatsoever . 
   increase vat - cheaper to collect than income tax no . 
  vat was already increased from 18 % to 20 % during the crisis and estonia has very few vat exceptions . 
  goods are expensive enough here . 
   decrease the working week to 36 hours why ? 
  estonia is n't shining with its productivity and wage poverty is a serious issue . 
  this would n't help . 
   raise retirement age per increases in life expectancy , raise incentives for disabled to be productive to the best of their abilities . 
  both are already being dealt with - pension age will rise to 67 next decade , disabled people will have a huge eu supported reform next year . 
   decrease bureaucratic barriers to business . 
  i think estonia 's doing fine here already . 
   legalize weed ( the whole chain ) , prostitution , euthanasia , decriminalize other drugs . 
  i support decriminalizing weed as its so common and has no serious effect on health , but all drugs ? 
  definitely no , do n't forget that hiv spreads mainly through injecting drug addicts here . 
   legalize gay marriage . 
  let 's work on the partnership issue first , it 's having more than enough opposition . 
   foreign :  i think we are fine . 
  i think nordic-baltic cooperation needs enhancement . 
  rail baltic needs very close cooperation and it 's a vital investment for us . 
  nordics will remain our inspiration and most important countries for our economy . 
  also , i 'd definitely add : * administrative reform . 
  estonia has over 200 municipalities - for a country of 1.3 million that 's way too much . 
  if we take tallinn , tartu , narva , p\u00e4rnu and kohtla-j\u00e4rve ( just 5 municipalities ) out , it 's just ~ 3000 people per municipality . 
  we have municipalities with 0 fertile-age women . 
  a lot which have no capability to invest whatsoever and which only purpose is to pay the few administrative employees . 
  it 's a huge waste . 
  not to mention that last time we had a reform was in 1960s ( !!!, 
  ) , in deep soviet era half a century ago . 
  more like found a german/austrian who are very ( !!! ), 
  cautious about privacy . 
  i guess he 's a tad more respected by estonians than some openly pro-russia politicians ( from the same party ) due to his a bit more balanced views ( he 's mostly silent about russia , to not disturb his russian voters ) , pensioners again might have this sympathy from the independence movement . 
  some might also pick him due to opposing other parties . 
  he 's been in estonian politics for a long time , so there 's that . 
  too long , to be honest . 
  his speech skills deteriorated sharply the last few years , he visibly struggled to stand for extended period of times , and well , now he lost his leg . 
  he 's in pension age . 
  it 's clear that he should step down and go to pension by now , but it seems he 's not planning to do so . 
  i do n't know what effects that would have in politics , however - whether some might actually vote for central party as they 'd finally have some changes , or they 'd lost loyal voters . 
  well , he lost a leg due to a disease , so i think that 's a rather serious thing itself . 
  savisaar is controversial - he used to be in front of estonia 's autonomy from ussr movement ( until it quickly turned into independence instead ) . 
  he managed to become the prime minister for a very short time , but lost that position quickly . 
  fast forward 20 years and the man 's been in front of estonia 's central party for 24 years in a row ( all other parties have seen multiple changes of the leaders ) .
