  because as also a border country , a massive border upgrade program that started last year and which costs 70 mio $ , clearly is n't what eu really wants . 
  just a few examples what 's being done with estonian-russian border : * [ logging operations ] ( http://g4.nh.ee/images/pix/900x600/qdjhrejoay0/raadamine-eestivene-piiri-lahedal-72871135.jpg ) to make the border guardable and visible * [ new infrastructure ] ( http://f2.pmo.ee/f/2016/05/06/5345075t100h82ca.jpg ) for border guards * [ new border posts ] ( http://g4.nh.ee/images/pix/520x360/dmwv1p1tpsm/eesti-vene-kontrolljoonele-paigaldati-esimene-piiripost-72977969.jpg ) * [ modern border crossing points ] ( http://p.ocdn.ee/40/i/2015/7/20/s3nbmg0d.ydj.jpg ) etc. 
  but hey , obviously protecting the border is not a priority for eu . 
  we should actually allow all illegal immigrants in and then start forcing those illegals onto rest of the eu . 
  i 'm sure portugal and greece have nothing against that / s , and even eastern europe ( or new members ? ), 
  are not a single constant bloc . 
  meanwhile , we have incredibly inefficient cap funding , but obviously cutting that would result in new riots in france or sth like that , so nobody dares to touch that . 
  i do n't know , the russian sanctions have hurt us way more than other eu states and yet we have continued to support them ( unlike several western european countries , where cheap gas apparently comes before international law ) . 
  do n't try to take moral high ground here . 
   i have n't heard anything from the eastern emu members but stonewalling . 
  that 's not entirely true , hungary has definitely offered many plans ( and ironically , their wall-building policy has been adopted by others , despite calling them nazis first ) . 
  i remember v4 also proposing something . 
  baltics , unfortunately , have been very silent on this , but they 're also very tiny countries that are reliable on eu . 
  have n't seen really any portuguese ideas , and spain has n't been that supportive of permanent refugee quotas either ( and i mean with over 20 % unemployment rate , i would n't either ) . 
  it 's easy to form a bloc of countries and call them whatever you want , but the `` brilliant '' ideas i mentioned have more than enough opposition in rest of eu too . 
  i mean , should we even mention uk ? 
   demolished hmm ... 
  i think this tells all about russian media . 
  it 's absolutely fine and in one piece , just relocated into a cemetary . 
  and in a rather prominent location , might i add . 
  go [ check it out ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@59.4210348,24.7656636,3a,75y,356.45h,64.91t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s4-qu2bybdvfch9a8vyvlka!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 ) on google maps . 
  i only showed you all the other polls done at that time , i know you like to cherrypick the most suitable of those , but not all showed such results . 
  and it still stays clear that estonians always supported relocation . 
  let me add you one more scientific one : [ p\u00e4rnu postimees writing of tns emor polling ] ( http://dea.digar.ee/cgi-bin/dea?a=d&amp;d=parnupostimees20070508.1.8# ) : 82 % of estonians supported government 's actions during relocating the monument , 84 % of russians opposed . 
  do n't even try to portrait here like government acted against people 's will . 
  they did n't . 
  in fact , they had the most support of estonians from any government of re-indpenendent estonia . 
  what happened there was foreigners trying to force their will onto estonians , and when they could n't do that , they became violent . 
   it also mentions one more survey done 1 month before the riots -- with the same results . 
  i mentioned the same survey as you already brought it out . 
  and no , the 1-month earlier did n't have same results , russians ' opposition had increased ( as a result of massive russian propaganda ) over month . 
  so please , do n't try to even act like you know what 's happening in estonia or what estonians think . 
   solidarity seems like a code for `` me , myself and i '' over there . 
  so what kind of `` solidarity '' has been offered lately ? 
  give up your sovereignity over deciding who comes to your country and we 'll apply the `` totally succesful-only-slighly-extremist '' western european immigration to you !, 
  which a country like estonia that already has horrible experience with unwilling mass immigration of foreigners , surely adores , right ? 
  i mean , i think estonia should help with refugees ( estonians were also refugees in wwii ) , but i sure as hell have absolutely no trust in brussels over its immigration policies ( the city itself is ironically one of the worst examples ) and i certainly do n't see how forcing immigrants onto countries would help convincing the public . 
  nor was germany 's `` let 's invite all the people here , oh we ca n't take them all ? 
  europe help , do your part !!! '', 
  very clever . 
  pay for greece 's , banks and troika 's horrible decisions with your tax money !, 
  all of that mess has been a disaster . 
  a disaster so bad i think would rank one of the peace-time most financially destructive for developed countries ever . 
  a sensible person would n't even touch that mess . 
  maybe if there was actually a sensible plan ( let 's directly invest in greece so it actually produces something and money does n't go to the bottomless pit so many billions have been thrown already ) , i 'd support it . 
  so far , the two examples have been so bad that it 's difficult to think one can make so bad decisions in europe in 21st century . 
  and from the same eesti p\u00e4evaleht article where estonians supported and russians did n't : `` estonians ' opinion had not changed in a month while as a result of massive russian propaganda , opposition among russian speakers rose sharply '' . 
  [ saar poll ] ( http://www.saarpoll.ee/userfiles/file/integratsioonipoliitika_valjakutsed.pdf ) : `` was relocating bronze soldier justified ? 
  '' : estonians : yes 79 % russians : yes 11 % so it was clear vast majority of estonians ( ~ 80 % ) were for relocating the monument . 
  it was n't for nothing that the supporting party 's popularity rose after that to highest level one party had ever had in ( post-ussr ) estonia . 
   maybe , just maybe that has something to do with ignoring opinion of significant part of your population ? 
  yes , we totally should succumb to foreigners ( who follow putin 's russia media 24/7 ) and not allow our nation to even decide what happens in our own capital ( ! ) . 
  do you understand that ussr was occupier for majority of this country ? 
  that is responsible for tens of thousands of deaths , refugees , deportees etc ? 
  we have no obligation to respect it on any level . 
  and ussr is n't linked with russians by default . 
  if those soviet immigrants feel so closely linked with it and think of it as liberator and find our decisions uncomfortable , they should consider leaving . 
  if they attack us because of that , they behave like occupants themselves . 
  although i do think it was quite symbolic considering they only behaved like many of their ancestors ( red army ) before . 
   it objectively has a weak social safety net , nowhere close the nordic model . 
  yes , hence the `` heading '' . 
   pensions are wage-based , so you would expect high pensions in places with historically high wages . 
  okay , pensions are high because ` they 're used to it ' , rather than because they 've money for it . 
  like that ? 
   the vast majority of developed nations are service economies driven by domestic demand . 
  germany is really the exception to the rule ( being driven by exports , although it also has a large service sector ) , and the poorer oecd members in e europe are really still catching up . 
  yes , that 's quite a common knowledge , what i meant is that industry still has an important role in ( most ) developed economies and easily makes up 20 % -30 % of gdp ( in greece , just 13 % according to wikipedia ) . 
   you can basically make a list of why any country 's economy is shit and will never succeed etc. 
  i mean have you seen the oecd recommendations for germany ? 
  they 're a mile long . 
  do these countries also rank up in the bottom in so many indicators ? 
   like , look at estonia . 
  probably the lowest productivity in the eurozone that keeps its people trapped in low-paying jobs , slow productivity gains , low prosperity , its pre-crisis growth was driven by cheap loans by scandinavian banks rather than the real economy , most of its industry is labour-intensive with low value-added and virtually no growth potential due to asian competition and automation ... 
  i could go on . 
  a lot of those problems are true , being the middle-man , rarely producing finished goods , low productivity etc , though i 'd argue against `` asian competition and automatization '' because estonia with a tiny ( rather poor ) market , but cheap energy and educated workforce is able to profit from automatization more than most others . 
   it 's a nice narrative but also one that completely obscures the real reasons for the situation greece finds itself in today . 
  so yes , the debt burden has definitely hurt the economy a lot and is keeping investments away , but did n't greece kinda get into such position by overspending in the first place ? 
  and ineffectively collecting taxes , not reforming the economy etc ? 
  indeed , and i have no idea how they are planning to keep going like this . 
  because i can assure that if this runs like they plan ( aka let 's make eurozone taxpayers pay ) , support wo n't last long even in estonia , the most euro-supportive country so far . 
  greek bailout was supposed to be a bailout , not a debt reduction on the expense of rest of the eurozone , though . 
  the haircut should have been done immediately when it came clear greece could n't pay it ( i know something was done , but it clearly was n't enough ) . 
  sorry , but if eurozone is about lying and shifting private creditor 's responsibility onto taxpayers , it is a very shitty one to be in . 
  and the eu budget transfers , which make up less than 1 % of eu gdp , also covers what western european companies gained when eastern ones had to remove all their trade barriers and open their markets . 
   you have a weaker safety net due to low taxation taxation here is not that low and the government is heading towards nordic system anyway . 
  also , greece has that annoying problem of tax evasion , which is way smaller here . 
   plus your gdp was nowhere near the greek gdp ten or twenty or thirty years ago does this even matter here ? 
  i mean , if greece would have collected a huge fund in all that time from where it pays pensions and took money from it later , then sure , but afaik , that 's not the case , it comes directly from budget . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong here . 
   and again , greek productivity is substantially higher compared to estonian productivity ( or at least was in 2012 , i do n't have more recent data ) , which is why both their wages and pensions have historically been higher . 
  does n't productivity mean how much added value is generated per employee ? 
  i really do n't see how that 's relevant here considering it does n't just make all the unemployed people go away . 
  they also need social transfers and do n't contribute themselves , so that means less money for pensioners anyway . 
   comparing greece to slovakia is comparing apples and oranges . 
  comparing them on exports is especially counterproductive since greece is n't export-oriented to begin with while slovakia has basically turned itself ( rather foolishly , might i add ) into a german subcontractor for semi-finished products . 
  it 's not like industrial exports are the be-all and end-all . 
  not always , but in most cases , industry does play a very important role in developed countries ' economies . 
  slovakia 's dependance on car production might be problematic , but at least all that shows that their country 's business climate is good for investments . 
   china is the world 's top exporter whereas uk economy is basically 80 % services and i 'd still rather be british than chinese . 
  london is basically the financial capital of the world , what does greece have ?
