  after all , you 're fine without it and that means it 's not necessary . 
  schengen is one of the freedoms people and businesses can all enjoy . 
  i think it adds a lot to european integration . 
  surely , someone from uk would n't know , but we have towns that sit in two countries at once - where people go to other country for their daily groceries , we have lots of businesses that cross borders every day etc. 
  and i mean , using single currency while having to go through checkpoint to cross borders , how does that even make sense ? 
  after all , most opinions about euro-crisis have been that europe needs to either become more integrated or ditch the currency . 
  abolishing schengen seems to favour the latter . 
  also , i can definitely see some great danger of losing trust in eu if migration crisis effectively destroys benefits for eu citizens . 
   everything that happened within context of the operation bagration was against the german occupation forces in estonia . 
  army group north to be precise . 
  you were under worse managment and influence than the soviet one that came afterwards and to parade that time as something worth taking pride in is in my opinion shameful . 
  siding firmly with the third reich and in effect with their genocidal policies does not go well in my book . 
  even in your short history you had times of great pride and people to remember with respect . 
  i 'm sorry but ss troopers and defensive operations of 1945 while hundreds of thousands allied soldiers were dying fighting to get rid of the scourge of fashism is are not one of those and never will be . 
  we 're not taking pride in nazi occupation . 
  this topic is seriously overblown in russian media . 
  the only thing that happens is every year , group of some veterans and nationalists celebrate/commemorate fighting against red army . 
  as we all know , the only way that could happen was under nazi rule at that time . 
  yes , some wear the uniforms , but no nazi symbols are allowed . 
  that 's entirely a private thing and there 're no official/state-sponsored events . 
  and it 's also purely about estonians against soviet union , not nazi rule or ideology or anything . 
  i 'm not a fan , i never attend such things , but i also can see a point there . 
  you see , it 's an important element of remembering resistance to soviet rule . 
   nobody is forcing you to celebrate soviet victory but being salty about decendants of those who fought on the side of good celebrating the day they took berlin seven and a half months later after the baltics is giving yourself a bit too much credit no ? 
  russians do n't celebrate on september in estonia right but 9th of may right ? . 
  you know the day that the germany and not estonia capitulated . 
  if only you knew many even call the day soviets conquered tallinn the ` day of liberation of tallinn ' . 
  you know , from soviet era . 
  anyway , no , soviets are not good for us . 
  and that does n't make nazis good either . 
  yes , jews , for example , have all the reasons to thank and celebrate , they 're free to do so . 
  but there is a reason poles , czechs , latvians etc do not . 
  and that 's occupation . 
  also , we already celebrate end of wwii on 8th may here , as does rest of europe . 
  9th may is a russian thing . 
   it 's a memorial to fallen soldiers with graves right under it . 
  bronze soldier is n't a statue to stalin or lenin . 
  it 's there in memory of the fallen . 
  it happened to be right in the centre of tallinn . 
  if it was a grave somewhere in a remote forest , i 'd also oppose disturbing the peace of the fallen . 
  but it was not , the location was for ideological purposes . 
   do i think you guys were wrong to move it ? 
  not at all if it was preventing city planning or just an eyesore . 
  but i do think you made the process anally difficult because you value and think of these people that had objections like the ones i 've brought up as lesser to you , as foreigners and invaders of a sort . 
  naturally they 'd recoil in unexcusable violence when the remains of their forefathers and what they fought for were being demonized and dececrated . 
  and see , we have the problem . 
  at one point you claim these people have nothing to do with soviet union and now there are people who are ` defending their forefathers ' , who happened to fight for occupating power . 
  that 's the thing , these people are not friends to us , and if their descendants ca n't accept that , maybe estonia 's not for them . 
  yes , it may sound one-sided and cruel , but estonians should have no obligations before soviet union , whatsoever . 
  certainly it 's not our problem that the graves have been put in the centre of tallinn for ideological reasons and certainly are we proud enought to not ask anyone 's permission to relocate that . 
  that 's why we have our country . 
   there was no dialogue . 
  just puffer fishes on both sides getting super salty over something that could have been dealt with and prevented with a bit of foresight and planning . 
  actually , it was a problematic sight for years , i remember the 9th may 2006 being already very vocal ( full of russian/soviet flags etc , basically the epicentre of russian chauvinism in tallinn ) . 
  that 's why it was decided to be relocated , true , it was not announced long beforehand . 
  but as i said , we 're proud enought not to ask for anyone 's permission to move ideological monuments in our own capital . 
  and we 're not obliged to care for foreigners ' feelings . 
   you 're making integration and cohabitation difficult to say the least among eachother and that 's fine because there is one guy in moscow who 's looking at it with a gleefull delight . 
  maybe if i saw at least one post-soviet country that has no troubles with russian minority ( let 's not count belarus which has practically destroyed its own national identity ) , we could see a point here . 
  but nah , i see troubles ( moldova ) , troubles ( latvia ) , and even worse troubles ( ukraine ) everywhere . 
   great opression and likewise great scientific achievements . 
  poverty to the point of starvation and relatively reasonable upwards mobility in the mid to late 1970 's . 
  it was n't west but it was n't yearly stalinist purges like some would like to believe . 
  it was n't * only * stalinist purges , you mean . 
  i agree , and soviet union should not be demonized without a reason . 
  i 'm just very vocal about those who idealize it , especially in estonia . 
   its memorial to remember those that perished liberating fashist controlled territories from german troops first and foremost . 
  unless you consider occupational rule of germans and their racial policies preferable to the disfunctional shit that soviets implemented after . 
  first of all , did you forget that soviet union occupied then-independent baltics even before nazi germany managed to betray stalin . 
  and even after the `` liberation '' from nazis , if the red army would have left estonia after that , it would have been liberation indeed . 
  but they did n't , they just took the conquered lands . 
  so it was merely replacing one occupation regime with another . 
   when they died it wasnt soviet-estonian war as much as the manchurian operation was soviet - `` chinese '' war . 
  it was done within broader efforts to secure right flank of the soviet spearheads during bagration and to clear over half a million strong wehrmacht formations . 
  the statue commemorates those that perished during fighting for a just cause . 
  not nkvd troops that were pacifying the lands aftrer and not those that were responsible for taking the lands in the 1940 . 
  why should we care about any broader missions of soviet union ? 
  that 's not our country , nor are their interests ours . 
  russia can celebrate victory over nazis any day in their country , we 're not against that . 
  we 're against them forcing us to celebrate their victories . 
   do i think you egged them on when the whole situation could have been avoided by letting it cool down a bit and and dealt with proper and respectfull outreach . 
  i think it 's absolutely unacceptable that estonians have to tiptoe on issues regarding soviet union as some people might be offended by that . 
  this is not about ethnicity , language etc , this is directly about occupation regime in estonia . 
  i do n't think people that praise that regime should be in estonia at all and certainly should estonians not adapt themselves to such twisted views . 
   bronze soldier was a prime example of cock waving on both sides from what i remember . 
  russian minority incited by bullshit turned into a puffer fish and instead of just letting things cool off and then explaining that you 're just moving the statue elsewhere couple of months later it became an issue of pride and rubbing it into their faces . 
  naturally shit went south fast and nobody came out of it with any more respect for eachother . 
  even if the state rushed with relocating the statue ( which should not be an issue because majority supported it , estonians wanted that symbol of occupation gone from the centre of capital ) , the reaction was really something disgusting . 
  i mean , hordes of russia-screaming thieves and looters in our capital ? 
  how do you think it was seen by estonians ? 
  it looked exactly like some foreign uncivilized invaders destroying tallinn . 
  absolutely no sympathy or understanding for such people , and not even today from me . 
   it was n't simply on paper though was it . 
  this equality . 
  in estonia there was a dual language system and my grandmother was working in rakvere as some accountant or something . 
  she spoke both for her job and with locals . 
  likewise they spoke russian . 
  it was n't as widespread as 1/3 of country being rashan masterrace emposing it 's slavtalk . 
  but that 's the thing . 
  how 's bilingual estonia equal ?
