  like there 's even a noticeable minority thinking like you in germany . 
  maybe some fringe part of afd at best . 
   no you misunderstand . 
  i was trying to say that if germany would raise wages on a broad front ( assuming such a thing was even possible , after all the wages are not goverment set ) , as you suggested and some in the eu demand we would loose jobs to the east . 
  you * might * lose , for sure , that 's exactly why the strategy to keep wages low was taken . 
  you know , there are also countries like portugal and greece that have considerably lower wages and also hunt for workplaces from germany . 
  but oops , they 're not evil eastern europeans so you do n't care . 
   is n't it you people who keep advancing the argument that we totally have to pay for the privilige to trade with you ? 
  seems fair to point out that the russians do n't seem to think so . 
  there 's quite a difference between having fully free trade without any obstacles , basically foreign countries being the same as domestic ones , and then trading within the wto . 
  this is what brexit is largely all about as well . 
   well , you are trying at least . 
  what with the butt-hurt yowling over the pipeline and the ukraine . 
  what do i care if americans bomb baghdad or the russians bomb kiev and warsaw ? 
  all the same kind of foreign shit-hole to me . 
  because is eu is more about than just trade . 
  there 's this thing called security , which you obviously do n't know anything about . 
  might i let you know that if eu were to be invaded , you would n't be there in germany isolated and stable . 
  your export markets would tumble and so would you . 
  usa could survive such things , but not germany . 
   so useful for the rich minority and harmful for the overwhelming majority . 
  thanks for making my argument for me . 
  when can we put the fences back up ? 
  if you want to redistribute wealth , push for some taxes for the wealthy then . 
  jesus christ , now it 's evil eastern europeans working for evil elite as well ?!, 
   just out of interest , do you have a source for that by the way ? 
  a bit old data , but here 's one [ graph ] ( https://i1.wp.com/www.londonspovertyprofile.org.uk/indicators/worklessness%20by%20country%20of%20birth.png ) from uk . 
  plus , it 's sunny and warm there . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  if it was also 3 months , you 'd get to do it in summer and continue school right away . 
  generalizing and also failing to understand what is the purpose of conscription . 
  it 's not a fucking life school , it 's for country 's defence . 
  at least the discussion seems to be pleasant and appropriate for a normal developed country . 
  in estonia , some character said that those who evade conscription should be banned from getting a driving license . 
  i just ca n't express myself enough to say how repulsive are those morons with soviet-era mentality . 
  the idea that one should be * motivated * to protect the country , rather than forced ( which is also very contradictory as i can easily just emigrate ) , is so alien to them . 
  `` we had to do it and so will our children '' . 
  okay , i ca n't dismiss that some businesses exploited the changeover to round prices higher , but it really is n't the euro doing that , is it ? 
  the same businesses could use any other excuse to raise prices as well , such as `` general rise in costs '' ( popular excuse in estonia ) , some tax increase ( even if it 's not related to the business ) and what not . 
  furthermore , if it increased the income of the businesses , it is n't negative for the economy as a whole . 
  just shifting some costs to the consumer . 
  that 's not forcing into a specific social model , but forcing them to cut spending . 
  they could still be very generous to pensioners if only they could finance it on their own as well . 
  and greece . 
   also estonia is expected to become net contributor some time in 2020s so do n't worry . 
  why do i hear such statement so often ? 
  we 're only at 75 % of eu 's average right now and are not growing faster than eu . 
  why would we become net contributors so soon ? 
  even ireland , which is like 177 % of eu average is only now becoming a contributor ( and not by a large margin ) . 
  our net benefits of eu funds would decrease , yes , but i do n't see how we would become contributors anytime soon . 
   go check again the budget numbers of greece . 
  you will be surprised . 
  they have a budget surplus and heavily slashed their social benefits . 
  okay , they reached surplus now after decades of massive deficits , rarely even below 5 % . 
  but at the same time , greek economy is a complete disaster . 
  as portugal announced fastest growth in 10 years in q1 2017 , you know what greece had ? 
  yep , they slumped for the second quarter in a row and are in recession again . 
  the crisis is reaching its 10th year i think ? 
  i mean , i do n't agree with my fellow countryman 's arguments , but the pension differences are really not explainable by greece 's economy . 
  their spending on pensions is ( or at least was recently ) highest share of gdp out of any eu country . 
  yet , they ca n't finance themselves alone . 
  this is one of the reasons why creditors have demanded greece to slash its pensions so much . 
   it 's not the fault of the southern european countries that your governments do n't provide decent social benefits to the population nor try to create a decent social state like what you have in scandinavian countries . 
  even though baltic countries indeed spend a rather small share of the budget on social benefits ( estonia has been raising that recently , though ) , that 's not a great argument , because you ca n't force a specific social model on fellow eu members . 
  it 's not southern european problem that our pensions are low , but how is it our problem that greece ca n't finance its own pensions ? 
  if you do n't have money , you need to cut spending . 
   since you are so resopnsible fiscally and have next to no public debt while you can go a limit of 60 % i do n't see why you do n't improve that because you clearly can . 
  it 's incredibly stupid to borrow money to cover current costs . 
  they should be used for long-term investments . 
   what if they compress wages ? 
  useful for the employers , harmful for the employees . 
  if somebody does the job for a lower cost , it increases productivity . 
  there 's also the minimum wage to keep falling it below certain level . 
   what if they are actually low-skilled day laborers and do n't object to the occasionally bit of social security tourism ? 
  a lot of the eu worker migrants are low-skilled day labourers , so what ? 
  they 're doing the job your countrymen are n't willing to do , pay taxes and benefit your economy . 
  some of the money might be taken to their home country , but that 's only fair , considering you also did n't pay for their upbringing or education . 
  what concerns social security tourism , i know poles ' unemployment rate aborad is very low . 
  something that can not be said about syrians , for example . 
   what if they come in form of criminal bands ? 
  then police should do their job ? 
  i know there are criminals in poland exploiting free movement and schengen , but it 's nothing insurmountable . 
   i 'm sure all that 's xenophobia as long as it 's directed at eastern europeans . 
  if it 's syirans on the other hand it 's just common sense , right ? 
  the way you talk about eastern europeans , that 's clearly xenophobia . 
   what has that to do with wage compression and poverty ? 
  germany has had low wage growth since like 2000 , when the evil easterners had years to join . 
  it 's not caused by polish workers , it 's german own economic model to keep it competitive . 
   ca n't you read ? 
  employement is good . 
  wages and poverty on the other hand are not . 
  it 's not a difficult concept . 
  of couse employement will very probably change , if we ( well the largely neutered unions or whoever we is in that context ) actually did manage to raise wages . 
  what ? 
  i do n't even understand what you 're trying to say . 
  you said that jobs are moving out of germany , while statistics would indicate it 's having more of a labour shortage ( hello , poor poles , helping to lap german labour shortage and benefit their economy ) . 
   not to my knowledge . 
  i simply see an overlap of interest with them . 
  we get cheap raw materials and an export market we do n't have to pay for , they get finished products and know how . 
  so you see overlapping interest of trade .
