   there has been a proposal to limit citizenship for russians like they did in latvia and estonia they ca n't do that . 
  citizenship was not issued on ethnic basis here ( despite what kremlin claims ) , it was based on whether you were an estonian citizen before soviet occupation or not ( therefore , a soviet immigrant ) . 
  our current foreign minister is with russian background , and yet she got citizenship because her mother was a russian with estonian citizenship . 
  and ukraine not only does n't have any pre-soviet citizenship to grab from , they should also start stripping people of their citizenship , which we have not done . 
  do n't see anything new in those statements . 
  because it 's too hot , i have exams and i needed to do something random . 
  hmm i got this pop-up message and i tried to translate it into estonian by heart . 
  i might get the overall message , but so much is either very dodgy or completely unknown . 
  how annoying , i have to say . 
  not all russians are some provincial putinists that would rather eat bread crumbs all their lives than see their dear leader leaving . 
  moscow and st. petersburg have 10 + and 5 + million people , respectively , and i dare to say russia 's brightest are there . 
  not only would russians not stay on welfare and contribute to the society , they would potentially improve relations between the societies ( even if not on political level ) and also , who the hell are we to block people on ethnic basis ? 
  the occupied areas have some significant natural resources and industrial companies , afaik . 
  besides , how many of those failed unrecognized states are we going to allow russia to create ? 
  it 's getting absurd already . 
   you need to fix the debt issue first , or structural reforms are either not feasible or not effective . 
  i guess that 's been the main point of arguing between greece and troika all the time . 
  one demands reforms and the other one says it ca n't keep on like that . 
   it was on the high side for sure , but it was lower than belgium 's debt-to-gdp ratio right now and nobody 's going around being terribly concerned about belgium , because again , government debt levels are not necessarily a problem in and of themselves . 
  well , at least belgians were smart enough to use the good times to reduce debt to gdp ratio , and could therefore relatively painlessly survive the 2008 + crisis . 
  nevertheless , i remember belgium being mentioned as `` next pig '' at one point in the media . 
  identity in estonia is heavily dependant on native language . 
  if you speak estonian natively , you 're clearly estonian . 
  you might have a russian surname or some exotic looks ( one parent is black etc ) , but you 're still estonian . 
  you grow up with that language , you get your information in that language , you 're fully part of the society . 
  the problem is that there are a lot of native russian-speakers here . 
  many of them live in russian-speaking areas , go to russian-speaking schools , watch russian ( that is those of russian federation ) channels . 
  these people , most of who came during soviet era , have basically no connection to estonia , and therefore , no identity with this place either . 
  there are exceptions , of course , but they always include learning estonian language . 
  now those russians who go to estonian-speaking schools , are often different . 
  some become estonians , if they grow up among estonian friends , estonian environment etc. 
  some remain russians , who just are able to speak estonian . 
  some get a mixed indentity . 
  the result is that estonia consists of two parallel , very different and often even opposing societies . 
  it 's enhanced by the fact that young estonians do n't speak russian anymore ( and their number is growing over time ) , which means they and russians not only live in completely different information spheres , they ca n't even understand each other . 
  and might i add that only half of estonia 's 25 % russian population speaks estonian . 
   saying `` but is n't it all the greeks ' fault '' does n't actually change anything . 
  it 's fine if all you 're interested in is assigning blame , but that 's not helping anyone . 
  it 's like standing next to a person that 's on fire and screaming `` help !, 
  help ! '', 
  and all you do is say to them , `` you should n't have stood so close to the fire . '', 
  it 's not useful advice . 
  that was not my goal at all . 
  what i meant is that greece 's problems are not only its debt . 
  the country seems to be behind most of eu in many areas , so it would need some bigger reforms anyway . 
  have n't noticed them improving that much so far ( and crisis is usually great time for bigger changes ) . 
   and no , greek government debt was essentially stable for 15 + years before the crisis . 
  try to find that orgy of government spending everyone keeps talking about [ in this chart ] http://davidstockmanscontracorner.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/greece-government-debt-to-gdp.png ) . 
  there was n't one . 
  their debt-to-gdp ratio stopped growing in 1992 . 
  it only grew after the crisis had already started and the state was forced to transfer private debt to the government balance sheet because of the fragility of the european banking system . 
  debt to gdp was 100 % and despite being one of the faster growing economies ( maybe even fastest of western europe ) , they did n't cut it even by little ? 
  so budget balance was something unheard of . 
  does n't that like scream in the face that in case of crisis , it might grow over your head ? 
  what are you trying to prove here ? 
  the government 's support was high and even after they announced relocating the monument , it did n't fall anywhere . 
  after the events , they rose to record high . 
  so with a huge public support , the government legally decided to relocate a monument . 
  what 's the problem here ? 
  the government did everything right according to estonians . 
  just because you found a poll that said `` less than half of estonians supported relocating the monument '' without still saying that even less opposed , does n't mean they did n't approve government 's actions . 
  and please , russian with one of world 's lowest media freedoms talking about propaganda . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  estonian media did n't cut out any inconvenient segments of the events like russian one did . 
  we saw it all . 
  and we made our judgement on that . 
  now could you please finally tell what was your problem with estonian government 's actions , considering it was probably one of the most supported actions in recent history according to estonians ? 
  you can look it up on [ the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/15/angela-merkel-rejects-criticism-open-door-refugee-policy-germany ) , [ wall street journal ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/behind-angela-merkels-open-door-for-migrants-1449712113 ) and [ washington times ] ( http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/mar/8/angela-merkels-open-door-policy-for-migrants-faces/?page=all ) . 
  too bad i 'm currently in tartu and estonian flag was still flying in [ t\u00e4hetorn ] ( http://f6.pmo.ee/f/2012/11/26/1453026t100h3ebd.jpg ) . 
  are you sure you read the map correctly ? 
  they might be outdated by a thousand years or so . 
  yes , i am whining about the `` open door policy '' , if one country decides to adopt it and then forces others to follow it `` because that 's humane '' etc before actually negotiating anything . 
  the ones i brought out are not the only upgrades , though . 
  a big part of the upgrades are it-related and technical , which make detection and communication easier . 
  i 'm not saying we 're going to be impenetrable from russia , but you wo n't just cross the border without anyone noticing ( that might have happened in the past , especially in the forests in south-east , but also swimming across the river , as you said ) . 
  so now would be the time for us to start whining about germany being in such a good position and not contributing to protect the borders ? 
  the point is that we 're doing what we can to stop illegal immigration and we 're also willing to take some refugees ( on our own terms , though ) , so it 's absurd to point at us like we do n't have any solidarity and are so ungrateful etc. 
   realistically , what percentage of people entering illegally are doing so at the border points ? 
  that specific border crossing point would be relevant , i 'd say , because 2/3 of estonian-russian border is a river and a huge lake and this is the only place that has some significant settlement along that border ( the crossing point is basically inside a town ) and where there 's a bridge to cross . 
   and while i understand that estonia can cut a clear border ... a three or six meter swathe alone is n't going to stop people who want to cross from crossing or be wide enough to grab people who are . 
  there have also been talks of a fence , although i do n't how serious they were with that . 
  now yes , clear border does n't stop people but it allows to see and notice crossers better . 
  the point is that we 're pushing for stricter border control and contributing ourselves in that . 
  just to be clear , we still prefer the first option . 
  there 's not much we can do anyway if those people support that country . 
  it 's not like anybody is willing to give their life over that impoverished region . 
  however , i 'm also quite sure they wo n't be recognized . 
  that would have to happen firstly with their neighbours - who are most important partners for the country , but i do n't hink they 're willing to recognize what is basically a soviet relict . 
  dnr and lnr are very similar cases , so ukraine would n't ever do that , and well moldova is the country that the country separated from . 
  pro-western romania would n't even consider it . 
  that leaves russia and even they have n't done that so far . 
  estonia is a very distinct nation of its own , speaking its own language , having already statehood experience , many distinct cultural features etc. 
  we can live either on our own or under foreign rule . 
  do n't really have any mother countries or sth like that . 
  transnistria is some weird mix of moldovans ( romanians ? ), 
  and russians-ukrainians , most of who speak russian . 
  the identity is very soviet-like , with heavy attachment towards moscow , and yet not ethnically purely slavic russian either . 
  we all knew that this was going to happen . 
  germany , without consulting anybody else , adopts an open door policy and suddenly discovers it ca n't take millions of migrants and then tells rest of europe to `` start pulling their weight '' . 
  meanwhile , a country like estonia , that firstly would n't even adopt an open-for-all policy and secondly , ca n't control the mediterranean , `` is n't doing enough '' .
