  what an apartheid fascist regime !, 
  / s you do realize that after being colonized ( use whatever word you want , but forcing immigrants onto occupied territories is considered a war crime ) with over a million russians , estonians and latvians were on course to becoming minorities in their own countries . 
  baltics , fyi , did n't declare independence in 1990-1991 , they ** restored ** it , based on the principle of continuation . 
  so , to this day , we celebrate our birthday on 24th february , as republic of estonia was proclaimed in 24.02.1918 . 
  the intermediate occupations ( nazi and soviet ) are considered illegal and so we do not have any obligations considering the occupation regime . 
  that includes the immigrants . 
  russian federation , btw , gives citizenship to all former su people , so the gray passport aka stateless people is a choice , indeed . 
  and it has its benefits - you can travel visa free in both eu and russia . 
  i do understand that it was a painful move for many russians , but i completely understand the circumstances back then . 
  russian troops were still in the country , most russians did n't speak estonian at all . 
  how could such people vote for issues of estonia if they do n't know what 's even happening in the country ? 
  everything goes through kremlin 's prism because they only follow russian channels . 
  ukraine today is a clear example how giving citizenship to them has n't helped too much . 
  citizenship could and can still be obtained by passing a language and citizen test ( rather easy questions about history , functioning of the state ) . 
  children of stateless people living in estonia , if not applying for otherwise , get automatically estonian citizenship . 
  so the issue is solving itself in time . 
  as a matter of fact , i would still not even today give all of them citizenship . 
  there are so many people that still today live more in russian federation than republic of estonia ( that is speak only russian language , follow only russian media ) . 
  i do not want foreigners to decide over my country . 
  what is more , citizens of a country that is extremely hostile towards us . 
  i think celebrating invading and annexing your neighbours should be everywhere in russia right now , no need to follow the news . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.unian.info/politics/1085192-the-wall-street-journal-eu-set-to-roll-over-sanctions-on-russia-officials-say.html ) should be the same article . 
   so for 3 states , who do n't want to be part of you anyway , you fuck your whole country . 
  sound political decision right there . 
  we have crimea , which was illegally invaded and annexed ( making a referendum under foreign occupation is in no way legitimate ) and then we have pro-russia separatists that have occupied donetsk , lugansk and the small surrounding areas ( pro-ukrainian ones have mostly fleed due to oppressions ) . 
  all of them are united by russian chauvinism , which russia , of course , actively promotes . 
  moreover , these russians already have a country that suits them - russian federation . 
  they have no right to break a country they do n't like . 
  if they do n't want to live there , just move !, 
  anyway , no sane country would accept anything from those russia-backed separatists-chauvinists . 
  they have their country and they have the possibility to move . 
  their action is indeed terrorism if looked from that perspective . 
   if you can not support your citizens , but you spend billion on a useless military , that 's bad governing and has nothing to do with invading countries . 
  wait , what ? 
  so if your country is invaded , you would n't react because military is ` useless ' and instead would support your citizens by ... raising wages or what ? 
  so all that wealth could be grabbed by the invaders ? 
  greece is n't exactly a shining example here either . 
  why are you spending so much on military while the country is in such deep crisis ? 
  are you trying to fuck with turkey ? 
   you actualy have a country inside eu that needs money to be kept afloat we 're talking about * foreign aid * here . 
  and talking about aiding greece , frikkin ' 250 billion euros and your gdp per capita is now on estonia 's level , while wages and pensions are still way higher . 
  this means you will still remain uncompetitive and the economy wo n't be improving . 
  all that with highest debt level in europe . 
  that 's a black whole you really ca n't compare ukraine to . 
  so ukraine does n't need money ? 
  its economy and living standards are worse than many african countries , yet it has a shrinking population and is currently in a military conflict . 
  i think ukraine needs way more help than african countries that at least have a booming workforce supply for decades to come . 
  and we should n't forget that this is an eu neighbour that affects eu quite a lot . 
  `` just to fuck with russia '' ? 
  jesus christ , try living with a 186 $ monthly wage and let 's see how you react if aid is turned down because your invading neighbour country does n't support it . 
  same here . 
   western media was never really different i have really never understood how they 've been anti-russian . 
  sure , the cold war era cliche of soviet russia was used quite a lot by hollywood , but in general , there was no anti-russian stance . 
  of course , that depends on what you consider anti-russian . 
  i , for example , do n't consider it anti-estonian to dislike our prime minister . 
   the fact that you conflate any kind of flag being waved with `` zombified masses '' already reveals a lack of understanding of what any of those symbols even mean , and especially a lack of perspective on our side of things . 
  waving the soviet flag instills nostalgia for the achievements of the soviet union , a country that you probably hate , we most certainly loved . 
  the reason why i associate all those with `` zombified masses '' is not because i would n't understand what they do it for . 
  it 's exactly because i can see why they do it . 
  russian chauvinism is n't positive to foreign nations , for sure . 
  and ussr nostalgy still 25 years later in such masses is ridiculous . 
   just because to you crimea does n't have any cultural or historical value does n't mean it does n't for us . 
  you know what , karelia also holds a lot of value to finns . 
  should they retake it ? 
  i also think we should retake the 90 % russian-occupied historical setomaa . 
  it 's the 21st century and if it 's really ok for russia to invade and annex in this time , you certainly * are * very different from other europeans . 
   why should we care what third parties think of something that is none of their business ? 
  well you did seem to be worried how western media portrays you as something inferior . 
  now you seem not to care . 
  also , maybe we would n't even care if you did n't constantly invade your neighbours . 
   so nato exists just because , right ? 
  nato is a defensive alliance and had good relations with russia prior to ukraine events , even more so before georgia 2008 . 
  just because your government has made it look like some anti-russian boogeyman that wants to invade russia , to keep putin in power , does n't mean it really is . 
  european military was declining to all-time lows until russia 's agression triggered counter-reaction . 
  central and eastern europe joining nato was part of them becoming western . 
  they are independent countries and should have a free choice which alliances they choose . 
  if russia sees a problem in it , it 's clearly not still fully accepting their sovereignity . 
   no shit , you refused to grant citizenship to people who lived on the land their whole life no shit , your predecessor illegaly planted millions of migrants here many of whom later fought actively against restoration of baltic independence . 
  one bunch of those even physically invaded estonian parliament in 1990 . 
  most of them would n't even speak the official language . 
  i would still today not give all of them immediate citizenship . 
  how do you imagine an estonia where 1/4 of people do n't even speak estonian ( therefore , have no idea what 's happening in the country ) , and get all their information through kremlin , yet are eligible to vote ? 
  yeah , no . 
  then we 'd have ukraine here . 
   having a waffen-ss parade is less controversial than a soviet army parade yay for russian media . 
  the `` waffen-ss '' parade is only about one regiment of estonians/latvians that in their idea fought against soviet occupation . 
  nazi symbolics themselves are banned . 
  the soviet parades tend to be russian chauvinists celebrating the `` liberation '' of baltics . 
  that is of course , for us , controversial . 
  there 's also an estonian red army regiment , and they have no problem organizing similar events with the afromentioned one . 
   vague calls for dissent among the finno-ugric community in russia there should even be more vocal opinions considering how all of them are dying in their native lands . 
  there 's not a single finno-ugric nation of at least 100 000 people left in russia that would be a majority in their `` republic '' . 
  talking about oppressed minorities , eh ? 
   you are a member of an enemy military organization oh yes , too bad for that . 
  should have taken the georgian-moldovan-ukrainian way ? 
  oh right , they all got invaded . 
  and do n't start with the `` western-induced coups here '' . 
  it 's quite clear that if you do n't take the russian-preferred path , happen to be russia 's small neighbour and not part of nato , you 'll get ~ ~ ~ invaded ~ ~ liberated . 
   we could honestly not give less fucks about repairing relations with a geographic bloc that makes absolutely zero signs of good will what 's the ` good will ' russia has shown here ? 
  i really do n't remember anything in my whole life .
