  why bother ? 
  it 's obvious that truth is not the first priority there . 
  national interests come first and it 's not good for ussr/russian image to tell how it actually invaded , occupied and annexed neutral neighbours , proceeding to carry out repressions on the people there . 
  one does n't have to think for long to realize no sane baltic person would have voted to join a totalitarian dictatorship where just a few years before , millions of peasants had starved to death ( and most baltic people were farmers at that time ) . 
  even less as you finally have your own country after centuries of occupations , while also living in economic growth period . 
   they do n't deserve democracy paid by millions of soviet soldiers ' lives . 
  lol , i mean claiming soviets liberated europe from fascism is at least technically more or less correct , even if it was replaced by soviet dictatorship for half of europe , but claiming they paid for democracy . 
  what the fuck ? 
  they removed democracy in their own country and then started doing the same to their neighbours . 
  but it 's komsomolskaya pravda , what do i even expect . 
   regardless of that , it 's really weird that it 's a totally unknown fact here . 
  it 's generally unknown in estonia as well . 
  even googling gives results only in some military forums and journals . 
  and now in human language , what is that you were trying to say ? 
  just dump in the woods and so . 
  gon na clean it anyway at once with this clean-up event . 
  ^ ( i was joking by the way . ), 
  good and evil are rather simplistic terms . 
  for some , even eu is evil . 
  well , i ca n't either , but there are reasons for that . 
  firstly , a communist party in this part of the world tends to be usually some pro-russia/ussr thing , which already would make it some fringe extremist party . 
  secondly , even if it was n't , communist economy does n't work , we 've been through that . 
  we ca n't afford waste collection service , so once a year , all the population gathers to clean up the waste produced in a year . 
  we do it usually before summer so it would n't start stinking . 
  pretty much , but communism is often just not distinguished from stalin 's ussr . 
  as / u/tobias _ 681 explained , communism is not some evil ideology by nature . 
  nazism kinda is . 
  i think the disputes in baltics are more about the specific regimes , not the ideologies . 
  explain please ? 
  but we do n't have a border dispute . 
  we have a border treaty dispute . 
  we 've agreed to the current border itself , but the tartu peace treaty is the one that is argued about . 
  oh , that 's because there is no border treaty between estonia and russia , so it 's hinted on these . 
  * de iure * , the valid border treaty should be the tartu peace treaty , which would include the mentioned territories , but * de facto * , they 're part of russia . 
  so such maps could be issued until there will finally be a new border treaty . 
  which is already another set of issues between estonia and russia . 
  estonia is refusing to let tartu peace treaty be forgotten ( even with new border ) , while russia insists estonia is actually a country that appeared on the map as a result of ussr breaking up and the old one ( 1920 -- 1940 ) is dead etc. 
  personally , i do n't think we should rush with the border treaty . 
  i mean , we have nothing to lose . 
  it 's just us confirming no claims over russia , while getting absolutely nothing in return ( i mean , a border treaty with russia has no value in my eyes ) . 
  estonia and state-supported claims over foreign territories ? 
  there might have been some tries in early 1990s to regain the russian-annexed jaanilinn/ivangorod and petseri/pechory , but those were given up soon enough . 
  apart from some nationalists , most of the population sees no value in those impoverished russian-speaking areas . 
  absolutely . 
  why would i even measure fixing economy in time ? 
  it 's not a certain thing to happen . 
   a few months people were asking about the chances of le pen winning and the general consensus in this sub was that she would n't get a meaningful amount of votes and certainly would n't win . 
  what ? 
  le pen 's ratings have actually gone [ down ] ( https://espnfivethirtyeight.files.wordpress.com/2017/04/enten-france-0421-2.png ) these recent months . 
  i 'm pretty sure people are now more sure of her not winning . 
  true , a better word would be `` stabilized '' in this case . 
  ukrainian economy is lightyears from `` fixed '' . 
   ukraine already tried to go west . 
  guess that wasnt the smartest solution . 
  too little too late , was n't it ? 
  they 've been rotting in the limbo for decades and trying to get in now , when their economy is incredibly weak and corruption everywhere , while eu is not really in a very expansion-friendly mood . 
  for moldova , it might sound harsh to you , but i 'd push for full annexation by romania , nothing less . 
  the state is so corrupt and poor that this is pretty much the only way out of the misery in my eyes . 
  just destroy the whole state institutions and hand it over to bucharest . 
  they might not be germany , but would at least offer hope for moldovans . 
   it 's good to maintain relationships in terms of trade for the economic and social development of both parties that are cooperating but not to go further . 
  i guess keep neutral in a way . 
  i ca n't agree with that all . 
  baltics went fully west , which was a much , much wiser choice than staying in the limbo between eu and russia , like moldova and ukraine did . 
  besides , moldova does not even neighbour russia , it makes even less sense for you than it would for us . 
  even though life quality is overally better , it 's not like that everywhere . 
  in estonia , tallinn and tartu are , for example , clear winners . 
  if you compare how the city centres looked 25 years ago , they 've transformed from boring provincial towns to proper european towns ( though there 's still a lot to improve ) . 
  meanwhile , on the other side of the scale , we have soviet era industrial towns which are declining rapidly . 
  they also have the extra problem of being mostly russian-speaking , so they 're generally more alienated and less mobile than estonians . 
  also , rural areas are emptying . 
  this is , of course , part of the global urbanization . 
  it also happened in many areas during soviet era , but people do n't remember ( as such things were n't discussed ) . 
  -- so if one happens to be , for example , the unfortunate factory worker in a russian-speaking soviet-era industrial town , it 's legit that their town is doing worse than in ussr . 
  also , if you happen to love some rural countryside region , which is emptying and where youth are moving to towns . 
  otherwise , majority are better off . 
  but what concerns `` getting worse in eu '' , that 's just bullshit . 
  life has improved a lot since joining . 
  eu funds play a significant role in especially poorer areas to get investments . 
  however , it 's also not all gold . 
  eu free movement has definitely made many people look for better life elsewhere in the union . 
  this is especially felt in latvia and lithuania , so the population decrease has continued . 
   within the institutions of the e.u. 
  english will be less important . 
  and this only undermines the unity of eu . 
  french is completely irrelevant in this part of europe . 
  forcing it more will just push us out of eu institutions . 
  it 's being made into some club of french-speaking people , considering how few speak that language compared to english . 
  i , for one , am sick of this french push in eu already . 
  just accept that english is * lingua franca * already . 
  the other option is that all eu official languages are accepted everywhere . 
  but if you ca n't make that happen , then we need to pick a language everybody speaks . 
  of course they did n't . 
  it 's a pan-european music event that 's supposed to be about unity , tolerance etc. 
  the host country can absolutely advertise itself , but not change the values the event is supposed to be about . 
  this `` annualized growth rate '' is yet another retard methodology used by americans . 
  honestly , it is a lot more complicated for commoners to understand and the numbers come out way more volatile every quarter ( so again , leaving a misleading impression ) . 
  are they allergic to common sense ? 
  please use the year-on-year growth ( so compared to the same quarter of previous year ) or the seasonally adjusted quarter-on-quarter growth that we know in europe . 
  you sure about that ?
