  the party has been governing tallinn for years already and is rather heavily concentrated on russians and pensioners . 
  in fact , ~ 80-90 % of all russians in estonia vote for that party only . 
  ^ ( imo , this is a sign that democracy is not working for estonian russians , they do n't consider alternatives , it 's been years for the * one true russian party * and nothing else . 
  i personally do n't see a reason to even go elect if you always , no matter what , choose one party . ), 
  also , they have some suspicious connections with putin 's united russia , they have multiple corruption scandals , criminal cases and are known to be rather populistic . 
  savisaar is known to be rather autocratic ruler , everything must gain his approval in the party . 
  also , they happen to have almost no support among estonian youth , most of them often vote so that party would * not * get to power . 
  so , savisaar is seen by many as local brezhnev , a stagnant pro-russia populist who 'll never step down by free will . 
  but apparently russians and many pensioners love him . 
  that 's absolutely insane . 
  i ca n't comprehend how cold war era borders are still stuck in many us companies ' minds . 
  there are so many cases when borders are just plain wrong ( how is it so hard to check 2 minutes from google maps if you got the map right ? 
  ) , splitting europe is almost always by the iron curtain and baltics = russia is just stupid as most of the youth here do n't even speak russian , do n't travel there etc. 
   highest growth of life expectancy at birth eesti alive longer !, 
  hah , if czech republic is a desert then baltics are a void when it comes to access to internet content . 
  [ muhaha ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2adv6pkgfna&amp;list=plrddwz-wwek6udsy_lwca_cwhoufqateo ), 
  finland - the largest employer of estonians since about 2010 ? 
  i really do n't think slovaks expected to start guaranteeing foreign countries ' loans . 
  if the revolution was * led * by neo-nazis , how come they want changes in kyiv ? 
  it 's quite clear that the far-right movement in ukraine has been rather vocal during the whole maidan and after that , but they have never been in charge of anything . 
  the right sector got one ( !!! ), 
  seat out of 450 in verkhovna rada last year . 
  they have no support in ukraine worth mentioning , euromaidan itself was seen as controversial ( half supported it , half did not ) , but a need for change was supported by most . 
  russia 's obsession with fascism and neo nazis is used everywhere in post-soviet space where anti-putin powers lead . 
  in ukraine , the visible activity of right sector provides the best propaganda to convince russians that kyiv was illegally overtaken by fascists and in reality , ukrainians still love russia and putin and do n't want to do anything with the evil west . 
  anyway , it 's clear that ukraine has problems with far right views but these are clearly not even close to what russia says them to be . 
  right sector getting 1 seat out of 450 in parliament is a clear indication for that . 
   russia  europe  common shield hmm , i wonder why that did n't work out . 
  maybe because the only country right now invading another european country is russia ? 
  because russians in estonia live almost exclusively in dense soviet-era urban areas and mainly in two regions , north-eastern estonia and tallinn . 
  russians in russia occupy vast areas from st. petersburg to siberia . 
  estonians occupy almost all of estonia 's inhabited rural areas . 
  so , surprise , surprise , where do diseases spread faster ? 
  in estonia and latvia , there was a huge epidemy of hiv in 2001 among injecting drug addicts , who happen to be mostly russian-speaking . 
  russia experienced a similar thing . 
  lithuania has very few russians , so it did n't reach them . 
  for the same reason economic , humanitarian , cultural etc cooperation suffers as a result of politics . 
   problem is that the 90s of the us and europe financed by a radical islamist terrorists in chechnya . 
  was there any problem in the 90s russia that was n't somehow financed and fuelled by the evil west ? 
  also , another reason to dump russia as a partner . 
  estonia , latvia , lithuania , ireland , slovakia and malta . 
  it 'd work perfectly . 
   once they become more homosex , of course . 
  hah , easy . 
  we 'll just convert the russian church that opposes our parliament into a gay club . 
  it 's already [ fancy enough ] ( http://static1.nagi.ee/i/p/09/93/000209935c69e9_m.jpg/1 ) . 
   union  partner  they should have known just because ussr and eu both have * union * in their names , does not mean they were similar . 
  you are comparing a totalitarian dictatorship that , when tried to reform into a real union , immediately collapsed to a european peace and integration project of nearly 60 years that has ended up with eu and eurozone . 
  just use double letters like we do . 
  imagine if we wrote * saaremaa * as * s\u0101rem\u0101 * . 
  just horrible . 
  and i ca n't buy k\u0101rums currently , i 'm in finland . 
  those infidels do n't even have this amazing treat available . 
  spain : * our unemployment is off the roof * italy : * at least your economy is growing * spain : * our gdp per capita is still below yours * italy : * hah , look at our debt * spain : * you 're not even part of the pigs * etc, 
  i think the main point about integration should be adapting to the society you go to , not the other way around . 
  building a mosque is really against the idea , because it 's not about your personal belief anymore , you are changing the city itself . 
  also , let 's not forget that building foreign religious buildings has always been a very controversial thing in the past and still is . 
  finnish truly [ stands out ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rqtut3wl.jpg ) on nordic products . 
  ^ ( also , they can easily add estonian into finnish like with the scandinavian ~ ~ language ~ ~ dialects . 
  so easy to add a new nordic country . ), 
  that 's by far the most popular word of latvian in estonia . 
  i do n't even know why . 
  cheap gas - good . 
  gas from putin - not good . 
  i do n't think l is that similar in finnish and russian . 
  for example , the way how finns say * tallinna * and russians say * \u0422\u0430\u043b\u043b\u0438\u043d * sounds rather different . 
  do n't give him ideas :(, 
  do n't act so surprised . 
  we are nordic after all !!!, 
  the baltic ocean sure is big . 
  the map is definitely not accurate , i think finnish hesburger would be more popular than mcdonald 's in baltics at least . 
   you do not live on an island and the struggle against fascism trascends national history . 
  only nothing similar happens in rest of europe , not in finland , sweden , germany , ireland etc. 
  there is no global celebration about `` beating fascism '' , it 's a thing only russia imagines happens . 
  there 's only the celebration of ending of wwii that we already celebrate and that 's on 8th may here . 
  so no , we wo n't be a playground for some russian-induced stuff , this is not accepted here . 
  i am completely fine with russia celebrating it how they want - they did suffer a lot due to nazis , but stop pressing it onto us , we are different nations . 
  i 'm sorry but estonians will never consider those people part of * us * , it just wo n't happen . 
  we can accept russians or any other nationalities , it 's not about that , it 's about those people who glorify estonia 's occupation and putin 's regime . 
  yes , i am a nationalist because i do n't like when somebody celebrates my country 's occupation . 
  i guess we should organize a celebration of leningrad blockade ( with nazi flags of course ) in st. petersburg and do n't you dare oppose that , you nationalist !, 
  monuments should not have to be taken away if they just stand there and cause no troubles . 
  it is mature to accept your history and that includes better and worse times . 
  however , that goes both ways . 
  in baltics , those soviet monuments have a tendency to attract soviet nostalgists ( who are 95 % russian-speakers ) and lately , more and more russian chauvinists . 
  now , when i only see igor , svetlana and yelena flying russian/soviet flags there , wearing those colorado beetle ribbons and putting red carnations ( by far the most popular soviet flower ) , it 's really not about * us * , now is it ? 
  it 's about foreigners celebrating foreign stuff in foreign language . 
  i do n't want this in my country , not only is this foreign but also very negative to baltics . 
  in such case , i really would want to see that disappear . 
   just build something to tell the story nah , i do n't think we should build any huge monuments for that , i think we have enough to remember . 
  let 's concentrate on the future instead . 
  i 'd dare to guess that they are a tiny minority compared to those who want them gone . 
  let 's be honest that those soviet monuments are a constant headache causing a lot of trouble in baltics . 
  why not send them somewhere these are actually wanted ? 
  then locals in baltics would n't be offended and russia could n't whine about those any more . 
  a win-win situation in my opinion . 
  and the semi-collapsed soviet union . 
  why not donate our soviet monuments to russia ? 
  after all , they are the only country to care and constantly cry about them . 
  how would he justify the shift of greece 's unsustainable debt from private investors to european taxpayers and then forcing poorer latvians-lithuanians to pay for richer greeks ' debts ?
