  then again , i do n't live in tallinn old town . 
  supermarket/embassy . 
  sounds so innovative . 
  i think it 's more about the absurdity of russia landgrabbing as much as possible and then failing to provide for the new territories . 
  i 'd argue that life quality in kaliningrad ( former k\u00f6ningsberg ) is potentially worse now in 2015 than it was a century ago while part of germany . 
  we also have the annexed finnish-karelian lands which have also only deteriorated since becoming part of russia . 
  oh , and the * historical territories * claim which russia uses as justification for annexing crimea should make them return these lands , which it , of course , does not . 
  it still does n't change the fact that it is * former * prussia . 
  i just ca n't call it russia if there 's nothing russian about it . 
  more like border between lithuania and former prussia ... 
   it would really simplify the cycle of finnish beer being transported to estonia and finns traveling to estonia to buy the finnish beer back . 
  the wonders of the single market working in ways probably not originally meant . 
  i 'd rather not import such people that get radical due to cultural differences . 
  well , unlike us , they fought against the invader , managed to stay independent and build up a very succesful country . 
  they did lose quite significant parts of the country ( and had to pay reparations as technically , they were allies of germany ) . 
  meanwhile , russia managed to turn the annexed lands into impoverished hellholes that finns do n't even want back anymore . 
  how ironic . 
  also funny to see places like * lahdenpohja * , * naistenj\u00e4rvi * etc in cyrillic . 
  they are so clearly finno-ugric even estonian children could understand those . 
  that 's almost exactly what i 'd imagine our russian party and nationalists would collaborate on . 
  united in bigotry and intolerance , yay . 
  wait , there 's gay propaganda law in latvia ? 
  that was extremely disturbing . 
  not only because of very low acceptance of same sex couples even among the youth , but the fact that russians are almost exclusively influenced by russian federation and not by estonia/europe . 
  sounds legit . 
  only belarus today is not too keen on emphasizing that part of the history . 
  if you go to the country , you 'd think history started with the `` great patriotic war '' ( aka nazi invasion of ussr ) . 
  none taken , it 's just there 's a reason you have n't heard of some grand historical baltic kingdom . 
  estonia has spent most of the last 1000 years under foreign rules so estonian culture is basically a mix of its neighbours ' , most notably german , swedish , polish , russian and danish , with some additional native flavour . 
  more like czar , or maybe comrade considering how close the country is to the soviet union . 
  that 's all true but where did the colour combination itself come from ? 
  maybe [ this ] ( http://g2.nh.ee/images/pix/900x585/j9jsublfxji/jarv-jarved-kevad-lumi-tali-talv-67593040.jpg ) explains it ? 
  why would we promote ourselves as a next conflict zone ? 
  it would scare the investors away . 
  maybe we actually do think about security at this point . 
  russia might not be planning to invade baltics but we are still giving a signal that we wo n't just watch russia invade its neighbours doing nothing . 
  what seems interesting though is how both in the case of russia and belarus , the leaders ' popularity is significantly lower in the capitals . 
  moscow had the lowest support for putin and minsk for lukashenko . 
  i have n't heard that rural areas would be booming in these countries . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  how about now ? 
  you can also take shots like [ this ] ( http://www.sunlines.ee/katharina/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/55.jpg ) to also capture the business district , but if you expect even more , i 'm afraid that a 0.4 million size capital of a 1.3 million country is not able to put up more than that . 
  looks like we 're at the same level of nordic as finland for some . 
  that requires celebration !, 
   that mean that people can say many things but they will vote for him . 
  of course he does n't have 76 % but also he has more than 46 % . 
  of course he has . 
  if you control all the media and jail up opposition candidates , you are going to be elected even if the elections are 100 % democratic and fair . 
  there 's just nobody else to vote for , the serious candidates sit in prison , the rest you have no information about at all . 
   oh and lukashenko taking his son everywhere is really disappointing . 
  looks bad for my point of view . 
  why is that ? 
  do n't you value * stability * ( which to me , is unfortunately very often mixed up with stagnation in the east ) ? 
  you can have lukashenko ( s ) forever !, 
  anyway , i do n't even see a point in this circus . 
  5 elections where one person always wins . 
  just a waste of money . 
  lukashenko has confirmed himself he does not aim for western-style democracy . 
  why even bother to fake elections ? 
  just say you are in power now and democracy sucks . 
  also , if you try to get rid of me , stability will end . 
  look at maidan , syria etc. 
  i know that germany has had most influence on estonia and danish rule was quite short compared to others ( and also partial ) , but the core of tallinn old town , most of the walls for example , was built during danish rule . 
  there have been a lot of additions later , of course , but the old town was founded by danes , still . 
  is that so ? 
  then why is sweden , or actually any other nordic country , below estonia and finland in pisa-ranking ? 
  it 's mostly danish , actually . 
  let 's be honest , estonian churches are bastions of conservatism , unlike in the nordics , for example , and i 'm quite sure a lot of their members are intolerant of other groups . 
  i myself hate seeing a new church being built in the country because there are so many more necessary things . 
  also , i think by now , more than half of christians of estonia are russians with their orthodox christianity , and that surely plays a role too . 
  what a stupid comparison . 
  you 're acting like central and eastern europe was not accepting refugees at all and yet they have done so for decades . 
  furthermore , poland has taken a very active stance on ukrainian refugees . 
  the problem is firstly the unsustainable amount - the number of migrants/refugees to europe is over a million this year and is about to surge further . 
  we do n't have any trustable estimates for the near future . 
  we * must * also look at how many people we 're able to accept and integrate . 
  just look at estonia and latvia what happens when too many foreigners are taken too quickly . 
  you wo n't get multiculture and diversity . 
  you 'll get ghettos and segregation . 
  cultural conflict * is * a very important problem , too . 
  western europe has many problems related to immigration it did n't use to have a few decades ago , or at least not on such a scale . 
  the greatest example of that is how we have thousands of people from there ditching europe to go fight for the most extreme and inhumane `` country '' in the world , we have murders of journalists , terrorist attacks and so on . 
  yes , they might be a ` small minority ' , but nevertheless have those problems become bigger than ever . 
   free trade without free movement pretty much equals slavery in my opinion . 
  this is n't the same . 
  economic migrants just ( illegally ) go to europe without anyone actually `` ordering '' them and suddenly , we need to take care of them . 
  can i just dump some random products to germany and demand money from that without anyone actually wanting them ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  legal migration was already available for the people . 
  anyway , it is definitely not in our interests to have extremely poor countries with skyrocketing populations . 
  what we 'd want to see , would be china-like development jump in africa and other poor regions . 
  however , i 'm really not sure if that can happen without some strong autocratic leadership for some time at least . 
   if the eu claims to be that , then it ca n't drop those values as soon as things get a little difficult . 
  the right to asylum is one very fundamental value , and dropping it would mean throwing out of the window those last bits of dignity the eu still has . 
  seriously , this ideology-orientation must end . 
  right to asylum is meant for those people that flee from war and have no other places to go . 
  this is being heavily exploited by both economic migrants and refugees that are just targeting the highest welfare available , despite having crossed multiple safe countries . 
  what is more , the world changes , and rules , values and rights with it . 
  if in the past we could handle those arriving to europe , it was clear that the number was acceptable . 
  now , we face over a million a year and the accepting attitude only makes it worse .
