  okay , compare it instead to iceland , norway , austria , slovakia etc. 
  the point is the same . 
  that 's one of the most stupid excuses i 've heard . 
  how come norway , austria or other mountainous countries are not affected ? 
   internet connection in italy is meh , unless you live in medium/big cities but the governmen is improving the situation actually , where i live , even if there are only like 3/4k people we have about 12 mb/s internet speed , that 's a lot for us , before if i had to download something i would have downloaded it at 400/500 kbps and now it 's doubled estonia 's aiming to get at least 100mbit/s internet access for 98 % of households by 2020 . 
  a town of 3 ' 000 most definitely has it already ( then again , we have only about 40 of such ) . 
  still , internet is a core infrastructure in modern world , italy should be investing a lot more . 
  if we look at italy 's economic performance , maybe not . 
  for some reason , americans liked kaseke as well . 
  i wonder why , it 's more of a cheaper type of candy here . 
  you just said estonia was nazi when it was occupied by nazi germany and had collaborators . 
  now you say you wo n't use this for nazi-occupied countries ( which estonia obviously was ) ? 
  also , do you have brain damage ? 
  where did i imply denying nazi collaborators existed ? 
  i said i 'm ashamed of these people , but i said their actions ca n't represent a country what was then occupied . 
   except that did n't really happen in the ussr . 
  it would have happened if things would have continued the same way . 
  there were over 100 million russians compared to what , less than 1.5 million latvians . 
  as a place of somewhat better living standards , it was always a favoured destination . 
   rest of ssr 's did n't have big slavic minorities . 
  because they were n't as developed as latvia . 
   conclusion , it was due to people normally immigrating , inside their own union of republics seeking better living standards . 
  sure , only latvia and latvians never wanted to be part of it . 
   as for the `` they were about to become a minority in a country mostly populated by russians '' i think that 's bullshit too , since the number of russian increased from 29 to 34 % in 30 years . 
  you mean in 19 years if you take the 1970-1989 censuses ? 
  what is more , in addition to russians , ukrainians ' and belarusians ' share , most of whom became russian-speaking ( losing their identity ) , increased as well . 
   might as well talk about the english who are going to become a minority in their own country and polified , considering the rise of polish immigration there in the last 10 years where they doubled their numbers by 5 or more fold . 
  what a bullshit argument . 
  not only are uk and poland freely become members of eu ( one of them is now freely leaving ) , poles ' share completely minuscule compared to russians in latvia , most poles at least learn english , unlike russians in latvia in soviet times . 
  could you please point to the place where they say that `` georgia started the war '' ? 
  one could claim that georgia had an internal conflict , while russia 's intervention started the russo-georgian war , no ? 
  it 's misleading . 
  georgia never went to russian territory , they went to their own autonomous region south ossetia , which had not been fully under their control since early 1990s already , and hosted peacekeeping forces of russian , georgian and ossetian forces . 
  it 's a similar story with the other autonomous region , abkhazia . 
  russia pretty much went to `` help '' those territories , recognizing them as independent ( in reality , they rely heavily on russia ) and hence , the georgia-russia war started . 
  there are a lot of justifications from each sides , also accusing in war crimes etc. 
  there 's too much the notion that either georgia decided to invade the world 's largest country or that russia randomly invaded georgia . 
  the case is more complicated than that . 
  it 's not doing too good , but the situation is better for [ latvians ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ab/population-of-latvia.svg/1024px-population-of-latvia.svg.png ) . 
  besides , it does n't matter if number of ethnic latvians was increasing ( anyway , it increased so slowly that even by 1989 , number of latvians had not recovered to 1939 levels ) , they were about to become a minority in a country mostly populated by russians . 
  they would have ended up like most minorities in russia - russificated , not speaking their own language and dominated by foreigners . 
  * estonia and latvia almost started a war due to not being able to agree the borders when both countries gained independence after wwi . 
  that 's because southern estonia and northern latvia had been one region for centuries , so the ethnic border became foggy . 
  what is more , estonia played a significant role in liberating latvia and therefore , thought it would deserve a bigger piece of the pie . 
  in the end , some guy from uk was asked to draw the line . 
  that 's since we have a border town [ valga/valka ] ( http://pilt.delfi.ee/show_original/9453699/ ) as well . 
  fortunately , it 's not a problem anymore with schengen . 
  * latvia has no sea islands , as opposed to estonia 's over 2000 . 
  there was also a fight over the ruhnu/ro \u0146u island ( the small island on the [ map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1e/estonia_relief_map.png/500px-estonia_relief_map.png ) deep in the gulf in south-west ) . 
  it has some nice [ church combo ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/58/ruhnu_uus_kirik.jpg ) . 
  it was actually inhabited by swedes , so estonia and latvia both tried to convince they should join * their * country . 
  in the end , they opted for estonia . 
  almost all swedes left to sweden during wwii , though . 
  oh , and latvia obviously remained with no sea islands . 
   extremely butthurt over ussr in general i would be as well if , in the case of it not collapsing , my nation would become a minority in my own native lands . 
  may i remind you latvians made up just 52 % of latvia 's population in 1989 . 
  it was an existential threat to latvian nation , their language and culture . 
  if you deport native people and import foreigners , it kinda goes to the territory of ethnic cleansing . 
  but i guess that does n't go well with the `` liberator '' image if you did pretty much the same thing as nazis planned . 
   you can not get by train from tallin to riga . 
  you can , if you really want . 
  estonian trains run from tallinn through tartu to valga , and latvian trains from there to riga . 
  you 'd have to switch trains and unfortunately , the schedules are not harmonized , so you might have to wait for 6 hours . 
  nevertheless , the trains on latvian side are slow and old , so i would not advise it . 
  hopefully you 'll call other nazi-occupied countries which had collaborators like the netherlands or france as `` nazi '' as well . 
  otherwise , i find it very distasteful to start accusing us for actions of some radicals commited under foreign occupation . 
  make no mistake , i find it shameful what these people did , but if these policies were never carried out by estonia , you ca n't call estonia `` nazi '' . 
  to be fair , poland is a very homogenous country with ethnic poles making up 98 % of the population . 
  it 's not problematic to have some special rights in tiny minority zones . 
  at the same time , the `` problematic '' minority of germans were all expelled from the country , which does make its criticism towards other country 's minority policies a bit two-faced . 
  you might be infected by the gay virus or catch russophobia . 
   what small countries like ireland and ** estonia ** are doing and try to do the same ireland is a hub for american multinationals , playing on their english language and low taxes . 
  estonia ? 
  all i know is that we do n't tax company profits which have n't been paid out as dividends ( otherwise it 's a standard 20 % rate , same as in finland , for example ) , in order to encourage investments . 
  we do n't have any big multinationals and in fact , companies originating from here are hqd in other eu members ( skype - luxembourg , transferwise - uk etc ) . 
  it 's not like those without autonomy would have fared better ( dnr , lnr ) . 
   also , russians are not a minority in crimea . 
  they are in ukraine , though , and crimea is/was just one region of it . 
  and when was estonia nazi ? 
  i 'm not talking about reversing the population replacement , but it takes it to another level if you firstly replace populations with your own people and then use they very same people to `` democratically unite '' with the motherland . 
  it 's like a great geopolitical tool , to plant your minorities into places you intend to annex later . 
  for russians , the single largest ethnicity in europe , kinda convenient , is n't it ? 
  of course another issue is that russian minorities will be seen as a constant source of threat , but it 's not like anybody in russia would care about that . 
  i think you see where i 'm coming from as we have a few of those regions where locals were replaced by russians as well . 
  obviously i would not care even a bit if they `` democratically '' voted to join russia . 
  i 'd rather just expel them . 
  that means i do n't think we have an obligation to `` compete '' with russia , as to constantly offer some carrots for them to in order to be loyal to us , rather than moscow . 
  you have come to my country , you play by my rules . 
  end of story . 
  do n't like it ? 
  return to your homeland . 
  i 'm sure it sounds far-fetched to you , but is it really ? 
  these people follow the same media as those in simferopol or donetsk . 
  not to mention that baltics became part of russia even earlier than crimea . 
  ukraine 's perspectives of joining eu and nato were not too strong anyway , although i admit the latter could be possible quicker . 
  as for sevastopol base , if i were an ukrainian , i 'd certainly not allow russian base there . 
  i mean , russian troops in transnistria , abkhazia/south ossetia , crimea . 
  kinda hints that it 's not really wise to keep them in your country if you care about territorial integrity , especially if you intend to go for a different foreign policy . 
  as for russia , of course it 's in their interest to keep that . 
  the other question is whether others are obliged to allow that .
