  oh , and do n't think that we 've never won anything , do you think russia just gave us independence back in 1918 ? 
  [ nope , it had to be won ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_war_of_independence ), 
  well , we should see if the growth continues in the future and if so , is hungary still outpacing its neighbours in the future . 
  only then we can make conclusions about hungary 's current economic management . 
  it does seem weird , especially considering the native people in siberia and other distant areas . 
  of course , i have never told otherwise . 
  i even said that i 'm sceptical about lithuania . 
  it 's just on official level , they have agreed on the project . 
  however , there has n't been even a preliminary agreement on kaunas-tallinn 160km/h segment , actually , it has not even been discussed outside lithuania . 
  or yet again delusions kick in ? 
   rail baltica is one of the priority projects of the european union : trans-european transport networks ( ten-t ) . 
  the project is supposed to link finland , the baltic states and poland and also improve the connection between central and northern europe and germany . 
  it envisages a continuous rail link from tallinn ( estonia ) , to warsaw ( poland ) , going via riga ( latvia ) and kaunas ( lithuania ) . 
   http://ec.europa.eu/transport/wcm/infrastructure/ten-t_map_project_portfolio.pdf  go ahead , have fun reading and enlightening yourself . 
  your source is outdated . 
  i 'm talking about high-speed rail baltic that would be financed from eu budget 2014-2020 , not 2007-2013 . 
  i guess that litpol link is financed from the earlier budget . 
   problem is not with me , rather with you `` not calling it railbaltic '' when everyone in eu is doing so . 
  all right , all right , i already told you i do n't care about the name , call it whatever you want . 
   should i repeat myself 4th time ? 
  lithuania does n't have as big as interest to be connected to estonia as estonia has interest to be to connected to lithuania . 
  that 's why we will not agree on expensive and unnecessary ( for us ) 240km/h project . 
  but i already gave you a source where lithuania has already agreed on it . 
   do you tho ? 
  you started talking rubbish from your first post telling how we should build 240km/h rail network . 
  straight lines , strong banks , bridges , tunnels , resettlement of population . 
  and that 's what i told you from the beginning - it 's not gon na happen . 
  oh , too bad there 're lithuanian politicans ' signatures already on that ` rubbish ' project . 
   how old are you may i ask you ? 
  sorry , but i do n't see how my age has to do with anything i say . 
  but if you must know , i 'm old enough to have a driver 's license , for example . 
  huh ? 
  you do know how railways work , do n't you ? 
  by up to 240km/h it means that such speed can be achieved only in long straight uninhabited strechtes with proper signalisation and conditions , but not in curves and inhabited areas . 
  and yes , i am saying that the thing currently under construction in lithuania is not rail baltic because it does n't connect any baltic states to each other . 
  feel free to call it whatever you want , though . 
  but no , i am not saying that ` actual ' rail baltic will connect all the cities , because i seriously doubt about lithuania 's interest in it . 
  however , yes , this is the only railway project that all 3 countries are currently working on , unlike that 160 km/h thing in lithuania . 
  estonia does produce shale oil from domestic oil shale , but is it really the biggest export article ? 
  according to [ estonian statistics office ] ( http://www.stat.ee/72535 ) , the biggest export group is electrical equipment . 
   railbaltic i and railbaltic ii are official and widely used names , that 's why i feel being more informed than you , when you admitted you did n't even know these names existed . 
  actually , not in estonia . 
  there 's even an [ article ] ( http://uudised.err.ee/v/majandus/821213ef-c3bb-4416-9767-617343578a85 ) that explains these different names ( in estonian ) . 
   then you denied that poland-kaunas connection is of importance to latvia and estonia and stated that this is not part of railbaltic . 
  in your most recent posts you plead us ( lithuanians ) to not to act like a-holes and let you connect to the europe . 
  you are not being very consistent . 
  the poland-kaunas link currently being built does not have any importance to latvia/estonia indeed . 
  what i was talking about was the high-speed one . 
   we can argue till we are both old , it was/it was n't . 
  i know for one that it was , in around 2007 , before the crisis . 
  it was agreed that vilnius should be the part of european gauge network , however everyone also kinda agreed and talked about that main route should go through kaunas and then to \u0160iauliai / panev\u0117\u017eys . 
  btw , panev\u0117\u017eys was decided not so long ago , iirc last summer . 
  okay , vilnius probably was part of some very general agreements that it ` belongs to some european corridors ' and so on , but i 'm strictly talking about high-speed rail baltic railway link . 
   about the 240km/h and what estonian wiki says ... what if i edit it know and change it to 360km/h ? 
  does it have any sources ? 
  there might have been some suggestions ( i remember reading them myself ) to have such a high speed , however realistically price is over the roof , and i can bet the cow i do n't have that max speed will be 160km/h . 
  maybe since you guys are so progressive and stuff in some parts of estonia it will reach 240 . 
  i can guarantee however this is not the case in lithuania and latvia . 
  the wikipedia mentionig 240km/h does have a valid source . 
  here in estonia , there 're many arguments about whether rail baltic is useful enough etc. 
  we are talking only about 240km/h here . 
  btw , in the article i linked above , a lithuanian professor talks about 160km/h being an outdated 20th century project and 240km/h should be the priority . 
   it 's not like if germany ca n't export to estonia through rb they will not export at all or will choose lithuania instead . 
  on the contrary , lithuania will gain the most because of being the transit country . 
  adding vilnius on the last minute ... is just a myth my dear . 
  it was always on the agenda . 
  not according to estonian minister , who even called some lithuanian government characters ` fools ' for that . 
   are you talking about 240km/h here ? 
  i encourage you to find who and then agreed on building double track network with capabilities of that speed . 
  if that 's a done deal should n't be so hard , should it . 
  sure , [ here ] ( http://www.lithuaniatribune.com/69381/baltic-pms-sign-agreement-on-rail-baltica-joint-venture-201469381/ ) it is , 
   i would n't call them liars , however most often than not they are misinformed themselves , do not understand technical details , rely only on the word of politicians . 
  sorry , but internet is also media . 
  therefore , i ca n't seem to understand why you think you 're better informed than me . 
   so , to keep it short , misinformed delfi readers can downvote my posts as much as they want , i know the stuff i 'm talking about cause i 've been railfan myself since forever , and keep following the development of railbaltic since before it began . 
  that 's why i am not optimistic , seeing how much obstacles it has to overcome and how much delayed it was before . 
  and why do you think i have not been following rail baltic myself ? 
   that 's your problem , not mine . 
  official eu documents talk about rbi pl-kaunas , rbii kaunas-tallinn ( helsinki ) . 
  no they do n't , no kaunas-tallinn mentioned anywhere , it 's always tallinn-pl border  not true . 
  everything till this point were only suggestions , calculations , propositions . 
  the only official agreement regarding the route that was reached i believe in 2007 by the governments was to include all three capitals in the network . 
   on a work-group level lithuanians wanted to include kaunas too , and there were discussions going how should it be done . 
  last year ( cause the time to get the project approved by eu was running out ) estonians said `` hurry up , cut vilnius out , lets go '' to what lithuanian government responded by `` fu , vilnius stays '' . 
  there were discussions about cutting kaunas out etc , and finally it was agreed on kaunas-panev\u0117\u017eys + branch to vilnius later on . 
  once again , info is from inside sources and not what media reports . 
  vilnius was not included in the first project , it was added later . 
  why would i be against vilnius ? 
  more people - more users of rb . 
  adding vilnus at the last moment was very suspicious to estonia . 
   nowhere in the documents it is said that there should be 240km/h double track since it 's highly expensive and not very rationale . 
  right now everything is still in work-group and calculation stage . 
  yes it does , for example , estonian wikipedia says it . 
   if by `` rail baltic should be 240km/h double track railway '' you mean `` i wish rail baltic to be 240km/h double track railway '' than it 's understandable . 
  i wish so too . 
  however , it 's only wishful thinking and personally i do not see that happening . 
  why are you so convinced it 's only in my head ? 
   no one is blocking nothing . 
  lithuanian rail company obviously wants to build it , government wants to build it , society wants it too . 
  if your media reports otherwise then i guess we are boogiemonsters of estonia , the evil cousin who does n't let estonians to evolve then so be it .
