  also , the church has actually been redesigned to match the design of rest of the old town . 
  why do you think it has black roofs instead of standard gold for russian orthodox ? 
  i would be willing to turn the church into a museum or some other public non-religious place at best , but demolishing it would be idiotic . 
  what do you expect after almost 50 years of eastern bloc experience ? 
  i mean , most of our people are still those that grew up in a country where there was supposedly no disabled people , no sex , gays were pedophiles ( and criminals , for that matter ) , no ethnic tensions , capitalism was evil and which was economically and technologically backwards . 
  a jump from that to a western democracy might have been quite a shock for many , even if they themselves believe they were not victims of soviet propaganda in any way . 
  why the fuck would you want that ? 
  it 's part of our history and let 's be honest , it 's beautiful . 
  it also symbolizes different powers that have governed tallinn in the past . 
  and it 's good russia spent money on it , now it 's ours . 
  you did not just say that . 
  you are not one of us anymore . 
  it 's an unfair race , latvians have 6 toes . 
   you are also slow that 's not true , really . 
  you may think estonians speak slowly because we use double letters a lot , but i 've always heard foreigners surprise to hear estonians speaking so fast . 
  and well , if anyone speaks slowly , it 's finns . 
  finnish is basically estonian with random letters added to words , so it 's a slower version of estonian . 
  estonia and * underrated * ? 
  if anything then i think there 's been too much hype about estonia recent years . 
  yes , we have relatively well developed internet coverage and online services . 
  no , we 're not a new japan in technology . 
  yes , we have some historical ties with nordics and we take them as an example . 
  no , we are not a new nordic country , definitely not scandinavia , and we 're still far behind finland . 
  yes , we 're a bit more open and friendly than your average post-soviet country , but a society transforms a lot slower than you 'd think . 
  anyway , about migrating to estonia . 
  if i would be a migrant , i would obviously pick tallinn . 
  you can get by in estonian , russian and english . 
  programming would probably get you a very well paid job most easily ( afaik , the largest development division of skype is still in tallinn , for example ) . 
  and well , it 's the capital - you 'll have no trouble finding entertainment , shops , all the necessary services etc. 
  it also has a relatively good public transport ( free for residents of tallinn ) . 
  if you do n't have many skills and aim for a blue-collar job , estonia 's probably not for you as you can get several times higher salary across the sea . 
   almost none of which turkey hosts , irrelevant to the discussion . 
  it 's not irrelevant to the eu . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  eu should be able to protect all of its border . 
   how are they supposed to make it that far all the way from syria ? 
  it 's difficult to speculate , but considering hundreds of thousands have made it from syria to germany , one could have pretty wild fantasies for some alternative routes - to cyprus , north african route , through russia ? 
   but 99 % of the syrian refugees entering eu have to go through turkey firstly , there are a lot other refugees/migrants other than syrians and secondly , yes , now 99 % go through turkey , but if that was n't possible , they 'd find a new way . 
  yeah , i think a journalist mentioned that to them and they declined to comment . 
  any estonians notice the exact same logo our saptk ( eng : foundation for protection of family and tradition ) uses ? 
  according to their words , it was a `` home-grown '' foundation that opposed imposing `` foreign views and values '' on estonians . 
  so i guess we can consider those italians estonians now ? 
  wow , that 's more irritating than i would 've imagined . 
  it 's like when finland used to put `` soviet union '' as place of birth for estonians born before 1991 on the driving license . 
  of course it does not make sense . 
  nor does eu 's absolutely idiotic policies , which revolve around some pseudo-solutions , from distributing refugees all over eu ( no migrants nor the countries want that ) , allowing foreign countries to decide over the amount of migrants coming here ( hello , definition of a failed state ) etc. 
  anything but not finally closing its borders . 
  refugees could apply for refugee status outside eu aswell . 
  eu is not the only safe place in the world . 
  go back to / r/russia , you vatnik . 
   that 's because we did n't get the 3 billion yet so the deal can still be altered and turkey feels like 3 billion wo n't be enough for what eu 's asking . 
  i do n't think that actually helps with the deal at all . 
  if anything , it improves italy 's position , not turkey 's . 
   that 's why there was an exclamation mark on the dumpster . 
  indeed they are not thrash so quit trying to get rid of them like thrash . 
  what ? 
  so if we do n't want to let all the people in the world to europe , we 're treating them like trash ? 
   set your priorities . 
  do you want to aid rather underdeveloped eu countries ? 
  or solve your the world ending `` refugee crysis '' ? 
  you 're saying like throwing billions at turkey would automatically solve the crisis . 
  even if turkey somehow stopped the entire flow , it 's not like turkey is the only entrance to the eu . 
   because any solution about your crysis will cost you a lot , you know . 
  yes , that 's why i 'd rather invest money in securing eu borders instead . 
   we are not a dumpster ( ! ), 
  of your union . 
  a dumpster is something you throw trash into . 
  what kind of trash is eu dumping in turkey ? 
   as you said the eceonomic level is not good in the country no , i said it 's comparable to that of romania and bulgaria . 
  these are eu members and considerably smaller than turkey . 
  it 's obvious eu members come first for eu and how could we afford constantly propping up turkey if romania and bulgaria are not better off ? 
   we have done our share , i would 100 % turn my eyes to other way when they want to go to europe . 
  hope they will for their own good also . 
  i 'm not blaming you for anything , but eu should not play such games with turkey . 
  it 's absurd we 're even discussing such things as effectively giving our border control sovereignity to a foreign country , we should close our own borders already . 
  and yet you 're asking for more . 
  i 'm quite sure we already thought 3 billion was a ` one time thing ' ... 
  in the end , if eu is n't able to protect its own borders , it 's not going to survive anyway . 
  no matter how many claim that we must save all the people , we ca n't hold them back , we must help etc. 
  we have countries ( like bulgaria and romania ) who are roughly on the same economic level as turkey . 
  how the hell do you think we could afford throwing billions at you ? 
  bulgarians would sure think being an eu member is stupid , better open its borders to migrants and then blackmail for a few billions . 
   consider it just another eu-wide tax that we citizens pay for not having illegal aliens running around . 
  how would that even solve the problem ? 
  i mean , close to 90 % of migrants today are coming through greece to germany , which means they already cross schengen border multiple times - turkey-greece , greece-macedonia , then few balkan countries and then croatia-slovenia again . 
  how would abolishing schengen improve anything there ? 
  migrants would end up in austria instead of germany ? 
  wow , such improvement ... 
  ah , i 'm sorry to hear that , and i laughed a bit , too . 
   schengen 's long been dead . 
  and you know what : this does not matter . 
  my native britain is not part of the schengen agreement . 
  i can not see that that would have any disadvantage . 
  schengen is only as a theatrical symbol of brussels politicians . 
  they want to pretend something like a european state . 
  but schengen has nothing to do with europe . 
  what matters is that we can travel to the other of a country . 
  and that goes without schengen . 
  i 'm disturbed by the opinion that schengen is useless shared by those that do n't even use it . 
  of course you 'll find no problems abolishing it if you yourself do n't even use it .
