  so when i go to a foreign country and start acting against their basic values , for example start justifying nazi monument in warsaw , for , you know , fallen soldiers and stuff , and then riot , steal and loot in the centre of the city , i 'm merely protecting the statue and when government retaliates , it 's provocation ? 
  you see where i 'm going with this  defending the statue what 's there to defend ? 
  it was merely * relocated * . 
   estonia does n't appreciate the sacrifices of the soviet citizens in fighting the nazis ? 
  soviet union was an occupation regime for estonia . 
  estonians have no obligation to appreciate anything they did for themselves . 
  russians can go and celebrate that in moscow as much as they want , we 're not against that . 
  we 're against being told what we have to do in our country . 
  that does n't make them estonians . 
  foreigners can also live in your country . 
  estonia , in particular , has nearly 100 ' 000 russian citizens and extra 80 ' 000 non-citizens ( former soviet citizens ) . 
  soviet union was an occupying regime that * de facto * ended republic of estonia . 
  it 's quite clear that people glorifying that have their allegiance somewhere else than tallinn . 
  and those people should really consider returning to their homeland . 
  they are n't welcome here . 
  no it 's not . 
  estonia has full rights to relocate monuments on its own territory . 
   considering the opinion most russians hold in regards to ww2 - it was provoked by the govts actions . 
  i 'm sorry , but why should estonians care what foreigners think of it ? 
  it 's estonia and it 's our opinion that matters here . 
  this is why we are an independent country and not a province of russia . 
  coming from a country that spends 1/4 of its state budget ( !!! ), 
  on military and uses it for invading neighbouring countries . 
  the hypocrisy could n't be worse ... 
   improving the life of people living in latgale . 
  because people who have a good life are n't prone to support revolutions/seccessions/etc . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  how could we have riots in tallinn in 2007 , on the peak of massive economic boom , when growth rates surpassed china and unemployment fell to one of the lowest in europe ? 
  russian propaganda does miracles even then . 
  since then , i 'd consider american soldiers here a more efficient security feature than local russians that have jobs and decent life quality . 
  let 's be honest , when it comes to children , african culture is drastically different than european . 
  vast majority of europeans wo n't have children if they ca n't feed , house , dress and school them , and offer them a decent life quality . 
  that 's why in southern europe , the economic crisis and high unemployment has cut the number of births . 
  well , these are some dreams of tallinn in 2026 of my fellow countryman , not objective facts . 
  currently , almost everyone that is under 30 speaks english , so you 'd probably have little trouble with language . 
  depends on the district , though . 
  quality of life is okay , but when compared to helsinki and stockholm overseas , it lags far behind . 
  again , depends on your job . 
  if you get a job in it , you 'll live comparable to nordic counterparts . 
  hopefully the gap for other jobs will reduce in 10 years . 
   6 ) estonia will be a very successful country by 2026 and its various start-ups have become quite big and well-known . 
  also , the 0 % corporate tax rate and the e-residency brought a lot of new companies ( + money ) and also immigrants to estonia , which has helped push estonia to have a very high gdp per capita ppp and in terms of quality of life it is on par or higher than other western eu countries . 
  also , tallinn is now a very popular place for westerners to migrate as well , since they are warmly welcomed here and everyone knows english and it is in general a great city to live in . 
  it 's healthy to dream , i guess . 
  it 's also [ flag of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_europe ) , not just eu . 
  and it 's by far the most recognizable symbol of europe . 
  some changes from 2005 to 2015 , according to [ this ] ( http://www.levada.ru/2015/06/08/mezhdunarodnye-otnosheniya-druzya-i-vragi-rossii/ ) : who are friends/allies of russia : * belarus : 46 % -  55 % * china : 12 % -  43 % * kazakhstan : 20 % -  41 % who are unfriendly/anti-russia countries : * usa : 23 % -  73 % * ukraine : 13 % -  37 % * baltics : 41 % -  23 % * poland : 4 % -  22 % * uk : 3 % -  21 % * germany : 3 % -  19 % so russians ' opinion of western countries has become a lot worse , while those of asia/eurasian union has become better . 
  i do n't even know how to feel about baltics . 
  we 've never been at good terms with russia , but it 's now whole west that 's evil , not just pribaltika . 
  not sure if trolling or an extremely brainwashed person ... 
  spain is already there ... 
  why of course !, 
  you 'll need to remember what was that thick and soft paper that did n't tear up in your hands while wiping , to get it next time . 
  i meant more like some unknown milk products , cereals , toilet paper etc. 
  not even so much lithuanian , but private label and some generic brands goods produced in lithuania , i guess . 
  maxima is probably the greatest contributor to that . 
  oh , that 's a bit surprising then . 
  here , polish and lithuanian goods seem to have the ` cheap crap ' image . 
  nordics usually mean high quality , as one would expect . 
  let me guess , polish food is considered to be the cheap low-quality crap while czech food is super eco and highest quality ? 
  if somebody from baltics would have come , they should have switched to russian language and asked for a higher price . 
  getting service like during cold war era , while asking the price of western europe , that 's the result of some dumb and discriminative american companies when it comes to baltics . 
  i see expanding eu 's influence and market , promoting european values , creating a more stable and culturally closer country next to eu . 
  now why are n't we asking about what do the refugees give us ? 
  because i certainly do n't see them profiting europe ... 
  from 5 % in the last elections to over 40 % now . 
  icelanders seem to be * really * disappointed in their current government . 
  do n't worry , we can call swedish capital stokolm . 
  really ? 
  i did n't use them , but the vehicles looked considerably more modern in riga than in vilnius . 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  russia had everything going great - economic boom , improving relations and reputation , rising power etc. 
  why did they ruin it for themselves ? 
   excuse me , but all is already happened when one political party had taken over the state power . 
  no it did n't . 
  ukraine might have looked more towards eu but russia did n't become an enemy . 
  annexing crimea caused the latter . 
   the anti-russian party that as the first step blocked the law allowing the limited use of russian that 's pro-ukrainian , not anti-russian . 
  ukrainian language is in a much weaker position than russian , so it needs protection . 
  just look at belarusian language . 
   then claimed that the russian fleet must leave its base they should 've done it in early 90s , to be honest . 
  who the hell allows a military base of a foreign hostile country on your territory ? 
  russia used it for invasion and annexation of crimea . 
   and finally ended by burning russian supporters alive what ? 
  that was a messy incident among others that happened during maidan . 
  a lot of ukrainians died during those events aswell . 
   that russians are finno-ugric mongols who stole all the good from ukraine and must be punished for their audacity ( like using the ukrainian brand `` russia '' while ukraine suffers ) i started to heard long before the events . 
  every nation has its idiots . 
  does n't mean the nation as a whole thinks like that . 
   what georgia ? 
  i meant that georgia is another country which russia has ruined its relations with . 
   look at his policy in 2000-2007/08 he tried to be friend of the west and how it ended up ? 
  how did it end up ? 
  as far as i can see , russia had rapid economic growth together with rising power and reputation ( even in baltics , well up to 2007 when they pretty much ignited rioting and launced cyber attacks and a partial economic blockade to estonia over relocating a soviet monument ( !!! ), 
  - the `` friendliess '' of putin was n't any better back then actually . 
  i do n't get it . 
  sure , ukraine has not had a good run during its independence , but if they really are doomed then why russia needed to invade ? 
  better just wait for them to fail in their eu-path and ukraine is back into russia 's hands . 
  or maybe there was something putin was afraid of ? 
  like ukraine actually becoming succesful and setting an example ?
