  their political initiatives are about make some sort of antirussian union . 
   lukashenko 's regime is okay  russia has problems but we were , we are and we will be their closest ally . 
   i consider poland as threat to my country . 
  russia is my motherland , but i 'm belarusian first of all . 
  need i find you some more ? 
  no , you 're not prepared to let go of anything related to russia and have repeatedly called west the no . 
  1 enemy . 
  you even call poland an anti-russian state because of their stance , you blame eu and usa for trying to push for a ` maidan ' in minsk and that belarus should 100 % forever stick together with russia in everything . 
  that 's * not * in the interests of belarus , even lukashenko is more balanced than you . 
  and yeah , the nationality here is not that important , but i 'd just guess a belarusian would not have stronger feelings to a neighbouring country , rather than their own . 
  / u/muncher32 is most probably a russian living in belarus , and is therefore extremely pro-russian and anti-western . 
  he clearly does not represent the interests of minsk , but rather those of moscow . 
  it 's not , but you ca n't have an anti-western country in the eu when the eu itself is a major part of the western world . 
  i think eu could use more unity , not less . 
  not to mention that he quite strongly tries to blame the west on the events with ukraine and all the lives lost with it etc. 
  it 's quite absurd . 
  exactly . 
  why wo n't you accept all the world 's poor people into austria . 
  you with your high wages , warm homes and functioning society , you are so privileged . 
  why do you deny the same to others ? 
   they are leaving from crimea , not moscow i 'd immediately block access to the airspace only for that reason . 
  using an occupied area for its war missions , that 's already very provocative . 
   serbia 's current political establishment is silly . 
  but , yes , the country is kinda split , but still mostly pro-eu , with an inclination of increase in this attitude . 
  that 's the impression i have and it 's logical for a country like serbia . 
  there is no viable alternative to the eu for balkan countries and the population slowly realizes that . 
  still , the events of the 1990s strongly drag down the favourabilty of the west in general , especially nato and usa , but also eu to a certain extent . 
   russia is far better alternative . 
  how ? 
  you do n't even share a land or actually any kind of border with them , the economic ties are weak compared to the eu and russia with its currently declining economy and swinging ruble rate is not exactly an ideal trade partner either . 
  even politically , i do n't see the benefits of allying with a sanctioned country on the brink of a cold war ( i do n't think i have to remind you the `` success '' of last time that happened ) , not to mention potentially aligning your neighbours against you . 
  balkans need more cooperation , not additional hostility . 
  hard , for sure , but not impossible . 
  more people than ever have access to information in quantities never seen before , communicating with rest of the world is at one 's fingertips and travelling is also easier . 
  i 've also noticed a trend of investing more into r&d even in developing countries . 
  so i 'd still say the competition is becoming tougher . 
   president putin and i are using every opportunity to talk about the present and future cooperation , about the ways to make serbia and russia a synonym of unity - when you mention serbia , you can put russia right next to it , and vice versa . 
   i think that many on the west will realise that playing with russia , playing with its feel of worthiness and its pride , means playing with the lives of hundreds of millions of people , and the world peace . 
  that does n't sound like a eu candidate , more like a eurasian union one . 
  he 's also making it difficult for us to accept serbia with such rhetoric . 
  seriously , serbia seems to potentially become a kremlin 's tool in eu , blocking any steps against russia , voicing `` independence '' from the usa and calling for more `` cooperation '' with mosocw . 
   i would say quite the opposite , that our service sector is the one with actual growth and vitality . 
  there is no real growth in the heavy industry in terms of jobs , on the other hand our engineering and computer service industries continue to grow . 
  sure , services have been the engine of growth and will remain so in all major developed countries , but i was just pointing out the future aspects . 
  automatization is something which nordics would benefit a lot and that could mean a lot of production moving back there . 
  services , however , are likely to face even tougher competition from cheaper countries . 
  usa is actually able to get talented people ( including quite a lot even from europe itself ) because of a long developed working system and attractive conditons , as is australia , for example . 
  they are * not * taking uneducated poor 3rd world migrants like europe mostly is ( and yes , there * might * be some talented people as refugees , too , but it 's mostly random and not selected like in the usa ) and as you might have noticed , even poor mexicans are kept out , spending a huge sum of money on the mexican-us border security . 
  cheap foreign workforce is not something * that * valuable , they are mostly easily replaceable , add low value and have a higher risk of creating social tensions . 
  even the * country of immigrants * does n't take them . 
  i use the term ` central and eastern europe ' , or cee for short , to indicate the eu members that joined in 2004 and 2007 , except for cyprus and malta . 
  these countries share quite a lot of traits , from recent history to modern politics . 
  anyway , i consider myself more liberal and pro-eu than an average estonian , and yet i strongly stand against quotas . 
  it 's partially because this question should be a sovereign decision , but even more because brussels seems to have an extremely short-sighted policy and even more idiotic steps . 
  i have lost a lot of trust and respect for the eu because of the extremely bad ( that is indecisive , cowardly and passive ) handling of the migration crisis . 
  giving them the power of relocating migrants would most probably lead to just relocating migrants ( because they dare to take no other steps ) , and as the crisis is set to become worse in the following years , the quotas are bound to increase uncontrollably . 
  yes , those people in donetsk and lugansk , who wave russian flags , speak no ukrainian and some of who have militarily occupied parts of ukraine are definitely `` ukrainians '' . 
  on industrial level , the future seems rather bright for nordics . 
  more and more production is being automatized and that requires less , but more educated workforce ( which is also expensive , exactly those which nordics have ) and much more energy - which happens to be very cheap in nordics . 
  if i 'm not wrong , nordics have the lowest electricity prices in europe , thanks to norway 's mountains , denmark 's windmills and swedish-finnish nuclear power plants . 
  the service sector is a bit more vulnerable , but all in all , sweden has shown excellent innovation , and high wages lure more talents , improving the situation even more . 
  at least we do n't call it `` east sea '' after swedes even though the sea itself is to the west . 
  that 's finnish logic for you . 
  not a indo-european language . 
  it 's * kaks * , though . 
  it 's still * suomenlahti * in finnish and * soome laht * in estonian . 
  ah , another story how we being less developed actually was useful in some ways . 
  like walls of old town of tallinn being preserved because the city was too poor to take them down at one point . 
   mr gabriel repeated that other european countries should take their fair share . 
  fine by me , but we 'll also provide refugees the basic fundamental rights of the eu - that includes * freedom of movement * . 
  not our problem if 99 % of them flee back to germany . 
  after all , they are not prisoners ... 
  remember poland , it 's not berlin that 's standing for an energy union , because it would n't profit german businesses , but they sure do force migrant quotas now as ( as a result of their own decision ) they are being flooded by migrants . 
  what is more , is the subtle discrimination like `` eastern europe enjoys the greatest economic advantage from open borders , '' ( ignore the millions of educated people that these countries have lost to western europe ) or using structural funds as a tool of blackmail supposed to show `` solidarity '' here ? 
  yay , common benefits and burdens , ze german style ? 
  that 's the image of a typical province town far from any larger economic centres , such as tallinn , tartu or p\u00e4rnu , and which lacks any special attractions itself . 
  there 's nothing to do there and there 's really not many people that live there anymore either . 
  [ 800 ' 000 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/aug/20/germany-raises-estimate-refugee-arrivals-800000 ) is close to a million , i 'd say . 
   your '' foreign population '' is made up of mostly russians that are not that financially and culturally different from the average estonian or latvian , not malnourished africans escaping from famine . 
  your comparison is of autistic level . 
  how racist !, 
  / s to be honest , russians * are * quite different from us , but of course they are closer than africans . 
  but that 's the thing !, 
  we are still heavily struggling to integrate them , people from middle east and africa are even a harder case . 
  why would we want that for us ? 
  it 's okay , just house them in karlovy vary or somewhere near and give them a leaflet introducing german welfare . 
  they 'll be gone in no time . 
  after all , freedom of movement is not something to be rejected in the eu . 
  well , freedom of movement is supposed to be one of the base values of the eu , you ca n't possibly limit those !, 
  it 's normal to help , but quotas are very undemocratic . 
  yeah , it 's `` just '' 300 now , but it 's 99 % clear today that the amount of migrants will increase considerably next years , the quota is also bound to rise . 
  giving the decision right to brussels is , of course , a loss of sovereignity , but even worse thing is that those deciding are just short-sighted and idiots . 
  how 's that xenophobic in any way ? 
  it 's about sustainable management of refugees and it 's clear that europe ca n't accept all the people in the world living in oppressive or very poor regimes , that would be like 2/3 of africa and middle-east . 
  germany has decided it takes nearly a million this year only ( which very likely will increase next year and the following ones ) . 
  fine , i consider a very stupid decision , but it 's theirs to make . 
  however , when they now `` discover '' they actually ca n't handle them all , they do not have any rights to start forcing quotas for a more `` equal '' distribution . 
  taking the migrants was their and their decision only . 
  because germany is so fucking helpful itself , making deals with russia and ignoring the energy union moves because it gets preferential treatment from putin . 
  i do n't think i even have to mention the unwillingness of germans to help other nato allies .
