  of those , 3,250 are eligible for adoption , and 456 are under 3 . 
  usually when we ask for some foreign national to be sent over , they refuse to send them because our correctional facilities are seen as having `` inhumane conditions '' and sending somebody over to us would constitute `` cruel an unusual punishment '' on their part . 
  but if somebody else catches his ass trying to leave the uk trough ireland or france , they have to hold him and give him over to us . 
   that looks like a bigger and cleaner version of the # 70/week share house i lived in , when i first came to london . 
  good thing then this is n't the `` german union '' . 
  we already know how susceptible you people are to propaganda , need n't further embarrass yourselves by proving it on here . 
  the cookie monster sees all . 
  my being romanian , and this being the first i 've heard of this , should tell you how well that worked . 
   until their infrastructure and essential services catches up with demand those assumptions are just that , assumptions . 
  the uk is a net beneficiary of immigration from the eu , with eu members being less than a quarter of all immigrants , you would think they 'd start to readdress immigration concerns with the asia subcontinent immigrants who far outnumber eu born citizens currently in the uk . 
   in 2004 , upon the accession 10 joining the eu , only the uk , ireland and sweden gave the new eu citizens full access to their labour market . 
  the other twelve ` old ' member states imposed restrictions on them . 
  now that 's just not true , is it ... romania and bulgaria had those restrictions lifted by the uk in 2014 . 
  please ... a europe were people can travel for tourism , is a europe where emergency braking the reciprocal access to labour markets is impossible . 
  the only outcome to any such limitations , will be tax evasion and economic downshifting as well as wholesale outsourcing from western economies , eastward . 
  people will sneak in as tourists on 90 visas and work covertly for cash in hand on construction sites , kitchens , farms etc. 
  paying zero taxes in all , and the industries that wo n't be able to hire black market workers , in factories and the like , will simply pack everything up and head east , to the loving embrace of free land on industrial estates , government relocation subsidies and tax exemptions , not to mention a workforce at less than a fifth the cost you 'd have to pay , 10 hours drive west , on the other side of the iron curtain . 
  if they ca n't get the workers there , they 'll move the whole shabangabang to where the workers are . 
  author is italian . 
  i guess those would be called `` bio farmed '' or `` free range '' chickens whenever i ate some at my grandmother 's house , they always tasted very differently from store bought chicken . 
  the meat is reddish and more tender and you get to the bone allot quicker because there 's about half as much meat on it . 
  this is what the [ sower-cream garlic mushroom chicken stew ] ( http://www.teoskitchen.ro/2008/06/tocanita-de-ciuperci-cu-smantana.html ) looks like . 
  * notice how we just list the ingredients , we do n't have fancy single word names for our food , like the italians and french and most everybody else . 
  and the article is a month old and shows last year they were off by nearly 20 % , hinting at what this year might be like , especially since they might get even more business run-off , from the brexit . 
  that 's a weird one for us because we have a 40 % rural population that get factored in to the equation despite being basically para-economical in every sense . 
  they live like it 's 300 years ago and they like it . 
  many chose to see them as impoverished , but actually they 're more like `` aboriginals romanians '' . 
  for these people , living on less than a euro a day , can not be seen poverty , because they live off the land , eating garlic chicken stew with polenta from corn they farmed themselves . 
  those 8 or so million people are fucking us sideways on every statistic , from toothpaste consumption per capita to alcohol consumption per capita , and not at all unrelated to that , the teen pregnancies per capita . 
  the western europeans simply do n't understand that our `` villages '' are actually villages and not quaint , manicured , gentrified suburbs like they 've made out of their villages . 
  but there 's no q2 data which is rumoured to be in the double digits . 
  our 5.9 % puts us on top , but i think that 's only because ireland is n't on the list . 
  97.2 % roman catholic ... so why is n't it a national holiday there as well ? 
  look at us over there ... we 're surrounded by pagans !, 
  also , what 's that dot in italy ? 
  why not ? 
  the product you are searching for is made of synthetic food additives for flavour enhancement . 
  those are basically monosodium glutamate ( msg ) poison bombs . 
  are you seriously going to all this trouble for this garbage ? 
  by pierpaolo barbieri aug. 14 , 2016 5:37 p.m. 
  et when dwight eisenhower coined the phrase `` domino effect '' in 1954 , the french had just been defeated in vietnam at dien bien phu -- and the president sensed that the fall of indochina to communist forces would trigger a series of similar events . 
  `` you have a row of dominoes set up , '' said ike . 
  `` you knock over the first one . 
  what will happen to the last one is the certainty that it will go over very quickly . '' in the immediate aftermath of the british vote to leave the european union , many analysts warned of a similar domino effect , predicting that brexit would soon be followed by nexit ( a dutch vote to leave ) , frexit ( a french one ) and so on . 
  yet the reaction to brexit within the remaining eu states has been almost the exact opposite of a domino effect . 
  far from encouraging euroskepticism , the victory of the british leave campaign appears to have boosted the eu 's popularity in other countries . 
  call it the reverse domino effect . 
  news reports in mid-july noted that soon after the brexit referendum the polling firm ifop found public support for the eu had risen in france , germany , belgium , italy and spain . 
  in denmark , finland and the netherlands , recent polls also have shown marked improvements in the eu 's standing . 
  the reason europeans are reacting in this unexpected way is that brexit thus far has looked like a mess . 
  the deluge of political casualties that followed ( within the ruling conservative party and the chaotic labour opposition ) created a power vacuum in london . 
  theresa may 's early victory in the tory leadership contest reduced some of the political uncertainty , but only partially . 
  the new prime minister has n't clarified how she intends to handle britain 's divorce from the eu , and there are reports of disagreements within the new cabinet about when the u.k. should trigger article 50 of the lisbon treaty , the formal and thus-far untested exit mechanism . 
  across the eu institutions and the 27 other eu governments , by contrast , the position remains relatively unified : `` no negotiation without notification , '' meaning there can be no informal talks ahead of britain 's official leaving announcement . 
  the appointment of french politician michel barnier -- once infamous in london as the `` scourge of the city '' -- to be the european commission 's lead brexit negotiator is also inauspicious . 
  as in difficult divorces , negotiating positions are moving further apart . 
  an ipsos poll published aug. 4 suggested that only 30 % of europeans want to offer britain favorable terms . 
  delays and uncertainty will hurt the british economy most . 
  while the eu 's growth appears little affected by the victory of leave , all the data points to what markit economist chris williamson has called a `` dramatic deterioration '' for the u.k. economy -- which is why the bank of england cut interest rates and returned to unconventional easing . 
  the only question is how big the hit to investment and consumption is going to be . 
  with the u.k. in the grip of so much political and economic uncertainty , no wonder even continental europe 's more euroskeptical parties are n't clamoring for referendums of their own . 
  in spain , parliamentary elections in the wake of the brexit vote led to better than expected results for the center parties to the detriment of populist podemos . 
  the dutch party for freedom , led by geert wilders , may still lead in the polls , but there is no obligation on the dutch government to hold a referendum unless there are treaty changes , which no one is seriously contemplating . 
  in france , polls point to marine le pen 's defeat in any conceivable runoff for next year 's presidential race . 
  in austria , extreme right-wing leader norbert hofer has a second shot at winning the presidency when the election is rerun on oct. 2 . 
  but he has disowned the idea of leaving the eu . 
  even italy 's 5 star movement -- a favorite boogeyman of eurocritics -- fully supports the eu . 
  italy 's prime minister matteo renzi faces a referendum on his constitutional reform -- the deepest since the post-fascist birth of the republic and one that promises to bolster the stability of future italian governments . 
  but even there , at worst a referendum defeat could cost a reformist prime minister his job , not lead to `` italexit . '' if the continental shift away from euroskepticism continues , it significantly reduces the risk that other countries will follow britain out of the eu . 
  yet the british experience still serves as a terrible warning of the perils of referendums : regardless of the question on the ballot , voters may choose whichever option they think will give their government the bloodier nose . 
  mr. barbieri is the executive director of the greenmantle advisory firm and the author of `` hitler 's shadow empire '' ( harvard , 2015 ) . 
  yes ... but these are interesting times we 're living . 
  there 's a geopolitical land grab going on . 
  the last thing we need , is a balkan kaliningrad . 
  too soon ... 
  read `` sperm '' , saw thumbnail of woman with her mouth opened , clicked . 
  god ... 
  i ca n't wait for albania , macedonia , montenegro , serbia and moldova to join . 
  hang in there bro , 2020 is coming . 
  a proper transilvanian restaurant could do very well in the uk , because unlike a romanian restaurant , a transilvanian menu would be romanian hungarian and saxon . 
  the trifecta of fat oven cooked meats doused in sower-cream . 
  [ liverail ] ( https://www.liverail.com/ ) started in cluj , then they had to move it to london , now it sold to facebook for $ 500 mil and wikipedia says `` founded in london '' . 
  so a bunch of transilvanians set out to open a transilvanian restaurant in the uk ... after london , birmingham , manchester , liverpool etc. 
  how many better locations would they'a 've had to pass until they settled on bristol ? 
  you wana make up your mind about transilvanian food , maybe go to london , or better yet transilvania . 
  its # 50 for a 3 hour flight to cluj , you could even fly in , in the morning , and fly back in the evening . 
  brain drain ... 
   romania has the highest % of roma mostly because it does n't . 
  hungary takes that cake . 
  they have as many as we do if not more , in less than half the surface area and less then half the population , not to mention that a third of ours are hungarian speaking roma and the same goes for slovakian and czech roma . 
  i know our hungarian neighbours do n't like to hear this , but if we go by language identity , hungarian is by far the most common language spoken by european rroma , second only to their own gipsy language . 
  we do n't have the highest % by any means . 
  it 's just the roma romania phonetic similarity that cultivated this misconception . 
  we do n't even have the highest percentage in europe actually . 
  he 's ling , those are all lies , everything sucks !, 
  do n't come here !, 
  * dude stfu !, 
  being that this is by numbers of rooms per capita , unsurprisingly the top positions are occupied by countries which have dickensian architecture with bedrooms in which a person could fall over in only one direction . 
  the british journalists offered to defendant szanto aurelian-mihai 2000 euro in exchange for the `` journalistic investigation '' . 
  he took 1000 euro , while the remaining amount of 1000 euro was to be divided between the defendants p\u00e1ntics attila-csaba and pantics levente .
