but the cap is 50x what the lowest worker in your company is paid . 
  in other words if you pay a cleaner # 7 an hour you ca n't pay anyone else more than # 350 an hour - which is hardly a low wage . 
   the brits are even considering to quit eu to get rid of the poles bulgarians and romanians  massive oversimplification there . 
  we 're considering quittting the eu to get rid of cumbersome legislation , open door immigration , the bizarre human rights critereons and back out before the inevitable ever closer union that is on it 's way . 
  do n't underestimated royal longevity , princess alice and the queen mother both lived to over 100 ,, 
  as any migrant entering via our east cost would be coming from the eu , we 'd be well within our rights to deport them back across to france as they 've migrated from a safe country into the uk . 
  she needs to live until friday 8th august 2034 , another 19 years 38 days to beat sobhuza , providing bhumibol adulayedej dies at least six and a half years before that . 
  she 'd be 108 if she managed that . 
  his main source of unpopularity comes from christian quarters . 
  despite the historical inaccuracy in that wallis simpson could have been queen consort if the government of the day had n't been willing to resign if she was and cause catastrophe you can sure bet christians will proclaim there 's a historical precedent against allowing a divorcee on the throne , let alone an adulterer . 
  it would have been daft to think of it before last week . 
  but now you can just turn up in europe , claim to be syrian and bazinga germany will house you what 's to stop a bunch of mexicans coming over ? 
  we get one - possibly a couple - when she dies . 
  it 's called a day of mourning . 
  otherwise we need to waiting for her platinum jubilee in 2022, 
   sorry , please tell me the nationalities and numbers you were considering for your post . 
  you can start wiith : kurdish turks eritreans syrians iraqis libyans afghanis yazzzidis and christians across the middle east palestinians congolese sudanese yemen nigeria mexico central afrian republic iranians, 
   so it is ok to have germany only 50 % ethnic german ? 
  so essentially , germany wouldnt even be a germanic nation anymore . 
  it would lose all identity and heritage . 
  given it 's heritage is forcing it 's will on the rest of europe , i think it 's heritage is alive and well in the we 're happy to take 500,000 refugees a year but they can go anywhere in the schengen area after a short while here . 
  no but i 'd expect you to at least come up with a few examples of what could be considered a `` perfectly reasonable '' excuse for remaining on a sinking economic ship when there 's a harbour two minutes swim away . 
   as if there could n't possibly be a myriad of other perfectly reasonable explanations go on then . 
  i 'd love to hear and rebut them all ... 
  there 's no crime here . 
  you live in a democracy within the area of freedom of movement , all you have to do is put one foot in front of the other so get bloody moving and pursue your dream somewhere that wants you . 
  edit : bloody ten minute rule turning itself back on ffs - bloody lazy greeks . 
   let americans deal with it ? 
  cos that worked out well for iraq and afghanistan . 
  if by helping each other out you mean wasting food in assisting those who are too feckless and bone idle to move country in a freedom of movement area , then yes it 's nice to see people helping each other . 
   you also know that the problems are not anybody else fault well dur , there was only one group of feckless scroungers spending the money and now they wo n't even move for work . 
  i suppose if you have n't got the get up and go to actually leave your country you might as well do us a favour and vote for your own exit from the currency keeping you from african levels of poverty . 
  why not ? 
  as / u/indigo-alien has pointed out - western europe is crying out for skilled greek workers and willing to pay more than will be available once they leave europe . 
  not enough have moved until every greek person leaves the nation . 
  given that countries are just imaginary borders designed to confine people and divide them , loving your country that much you deny yourself fulfilment to remain in a specific country despite it 's horrendous financial problems is ridiculous and ironic . 
  in which you could earn enough money to hop on a train to a much nicer country . 
  the lazy part is not taking the initiative to get out of the country . 
  the point at which they have the bare minimum you need to leave is the point at which a greek should go , they have nothing owing to the concept of greece ( a man-made construct which is on paper worthless ) and the act of laziness is finding reasons to stay there and rely on handouts ( even greek workers are now in the situation where their money is a handout ) . 
  if no-one remained in greece there 'd be no-one to bail out and no potential humanitarian crisis to worry about . 
  well , thanks for your invaluable well thought out response to this important situation . 
  all you need is the bus fare to nearest border point . 
  any savy english speaker could just about stay alive with that . 
  if you mean it 's the personal choice between financial stability and a decent future for any offspring you bring into the world and financial ruin and potential calamity for any offspring you bring into the world , then yes it 's a personal choice . 
  i 'm looking at the perspective of anybody with a wish to ensure their own wellbeing and that of their families . 
  you might want to take a look at many polish fathers for example , who 'll emigrate to the uk and wire money back to their children . 
  you can remain close to your family without being in the same physical vicinity as them . 
  if you 're really that bothered about your family take 'em with you - like many libyans do . 
  why ? 
  the freedom of movement exists to provide all european citizens with the need to escape a horrendous situation in their own country the mechanism to do it , if citizens not even privy to the right in the first place are willing to travel from their home country to calais to make that happen , why should the rest of europe pour money into or show any sympathy to greeks who wo n't move half the distance to better themselves but still expect money to be poured into their own failed socialist project ? 
  your families and friends would have went with you if they understood the situation they were to be faced with . 
  land is just land at the end of the day , staying their for the reason `` i like this land that 's destroyed better than that land that can provide me riches if i work for it '' is selfishness . 
  when one 's country is an absolute cesspit of economic ruin then the logical answer would be to move if you can and rebuild your life in a country that is n't . 
  the uk is open , germany is open , scandinavia is open , economically recovering countries you could move to . 
  to stay behind in the ruins of greece that remain is idiocy . 
  you 're the good eggs . 
  happy to try and seek a new life rather than continuously leech of the rest of europe - why should you pay for your socialist pipedream parents generation screwing you over . 
  you 'd have been better off under king constantine and his mates . 
  is there actually any in greece at the minute though . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25237742 ) in november they were still able to move . 
  even if there was restrictions imposed recently , they 've had years to gtfo . 
  i think the fact is that most people believe cameron could have done this if the opportunity presented itself , whether or not he actually did it is irrelevant at this point . 
  well that whole debate the other days rendered pointless given every man poland 's about to have his bollocks frozen off . 
  no wall between ireland and northern ireland unless the eu forces ireland to build one - britain certainly wo n't and the eu ca n't tell us too now . 
   urging the prime minister of the uk to allow for a reunification between the two , by saying : it 's not down to the uk pm . 
  under the good friday agreement when a majority of northern irish vote to rejoin ireland in a referendum the uk has to let them . 
  the most pro-leave areas recieved the most funding from the eu . 
  basically successive governments and press have blamed the eu and immigration for all our domestic failings which are felt most in the areas that receive eu funding as they 're the poorest areas a lot of the time . 
  unfortunately that 'd take northumberland and cumbria which voted to leave with them . 
  is it not possible to re-unify , but maintain northern irish devolution ? 
  are we still allowed to post in here . 
  we 're european , just not in the eu ? 
  yes it is . 
  nicola sturgeon has just called a referendum for when we leave in all but name , they already meet most eu chapters . 
  and scotland is likely to return to europe in that time anyway . 
  you can start your degree now - it 's in a few years . 
  proportional representation . 
  some are . 
  some really do n't like muslims , and if you 're a bigot anyone from the middle east is a dirty muslim . 
  the whole reason syria is highlighted on that leaflet is because of the syrian migrant issue . 
  it also means they can stop the other 20 odd member countries taking our jerbs . 
  we 're one of the few eu countries that does n't use pr , which really damages the credibility of our system . 
  but you are n't a middle east cesspit that racist bigots are going to panic at the meer thought of seeing come into our country . 
  the irony is most brexitters will probably call churchill the greatest britain of all time , yet they 're working to destroy what he determined ( correctly in my opinion ) would maintain peace . 
  did you not see the bad education film . 
  the cornish liberation army is real . 
  to be fair , as long as they stay in northern ireland i do n't think most brexitters would give a shit . 
  big barbed wire fences across our entire coast-line . 
  to be fair a lot of people find a man and women kissing in public offensive . 
  could the severely colour blind not still get the brown and dark brown mixed up ? 
  did n't know there 'd been such significant coastal erosion to the north west of scotland !, 
  still pretty sure the writer was looking for the word nuance . 
  nobody uses nonce to mean it 's original meaning anymore . 
  winchester 's full , shame . 
  fair enough . 
  ca n't always come across in text . 
  it 's been years of a ticking time bomb that one of these tower blocks would go up in flames , there too old , the fire safety in many of them is appalling and the landlords do n't care because they know the residents ca n't afford another/are happy to have any house . 
  the guy was running for his life and knocked on people 's door , that 's a bit better than treating your neighbours better than your landlord , it 's an astonishing act of selflessness . 
  it varies https://carmentheaussie.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/hungparliament.jpg, 
  surprisingly a modern looking figure in result of the recent developments .
