  it 's more expensive , but we avoid fucking greece over . 
  sort of distant/lost brother nation . 
  shame . 
  i imagine they would spend the 380bn $ you got , better than you have . 
  well if we now expect macedonia to be the eu 's defender , than we should all at least help them . 
  with man power , equipment and money . 
  also with a lot of money . 
  until now afaik only hungary provided some equipment . 
  so , sad ... 
  well you are still running a trade deficit with us . 
  only a matter of time till we have enough of those german euros , and we buy germany . 
  that is a problem of any fiat currency and not physical cash in specific . 
  yes . 
  physical cash is a way for a citizen to protect itself from crazy ( leftist ) governments . 
  luckily ecb can not be directly coerced by any single government and cash can not be easily devaluated . 
  so i support physical cash full on . 
  even 500 $ bank notes . 
  aids corruption & crime ? 
  probabilly , but that is a small price for personal freedom and privacy . 
  for example , look at greece 1 year back . 
  people at least had a convenient way to hold their savings . 
  interesting how most ( east ) slavic countries use the word `` les '' . 
  but in slovene literal translation of that word is `` wood '' . 
  would be fun to know how that switch happened . 
  and so become the biggest `` refugee '' camp in the world ? 
  no thank you . 
  say you will no longer accept refuges and borders will close - best they can . 
  also there is no way for slovenia to process 1m applications in a couple of months . 
  or to house such an amount of people . 
  but if we flatly refused asylum to everyone and used extreme force to protect the border , we would still get shit from germany . 
  hmmm source ? 
  i imagine that croatia will be very pleased with this . 
  well they can always equip them with pliars . 
   how kind of them . 
  well what would you have us do ? 
  it is obvious they do n't wo n't to stay here , they have been sold some fairy tail involving germany . 
  and we wo n't ( willingly at least ) have any sort of refugee camps/prisions here . 
  at this moment ? 
  no difference whatsoever . 
  the ones with documents will lie about their destination , but will nevertheless try to get as north as possible . 
  in the end even slovenia will do . 
  technically it is still part of schengen and they will try to cross into austria eventually . 
  to an outsider , it seems that germany is not in shape to protect anything ( not even your women ) . 
  as you already said , not that you could n't , but you wo n't . 
  you lack union between states ( or states vs. federal goverment , not sure ) and until then you are no bigger than any other country . 
  ironically , since besides macedonia , we are the only ones who actually took some measures . 
  http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&amp;d=20151111&amp;t=2&amp;i=1094033835&amp;w=&amp;fh=&amp;fw=&amp;ll=644&amp;pl=429&amp;sq=&amp;r=lynxnpebaa0i1 granted it may not look like much , but better than what croatia and serbia did . 
  also austria and germany . 
   it would be more efficient to send austrian police/military to the slovenian border and guard that together . 
  to prevent entrance into slovenia yes . 
  to only help with registration , and than leave them in slovenia , hell no . 
  i guess this was also out gvt 's dilemma . 
  officially 7.3 k + 1.5 k reserves . 
  we would need one hell of a wall . 
  it 's all just a bluff . 
  austrians ca n't really close their borders and neither can we . 
  we do n't have enough man power to physically block the whole border . 
  the only real way is to use extreme force which will eventually happen . 
  i just hope that not in slovenia . 
  how about finnish ? 
  any resemblance ? 
  thanks all . 
  a couple of years back i was vacationing at balaton lake . 
  knowing english and german , i must say i was completely blown away at how foreign hungarian language is . 
  listening people on streets i had trouble just differentiating words ... definitely an interesting experience . 
  how can you even pronounce that ? 
  i guess you leave out the z ? 
  i doubt that you will be able . 
  do n't misunderstand , i am not bashing croatia here , but this is to big of a burden for a single country . 
  and when number of migrants will start building up in croatia , this will happen again : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwtpwl9cjow same would/will happen in slovenia or austria when number would get big enough . 
  so it seems eu has failed again , this border `` tightening '' should have been set up as south as possible . 
  ideally in greece . 
  it costs more , so likely less will come . 
  croatia was also invited to be part of these talks , but they did n't show up . 
  still if these actions are meant to deny economic migrants entry into slovenia , i expect trouble from croatia . 
  ca n't decide if this is good or bad for slovenia . 
  if tightened controls are meant to keep people out , than i guess it 's good . 
  but if asylum status wo n't be denied on spot , than this can turn slovenia into a giant migrant camp . 
  we passed something similar in 2007 . 
  fines were set for both inviduals and businesses that would ( allow ) smoking . 
  i have n't seen a single person smoking indoors in public areas since . 
  so i guess it wo n't be a problem to enforce it in serbia also . 
  btw as a non smoker , passing that law was great . 
  soon you wo n't even be able to imagine how that was like , when you only entered a building and came out smelling like a chimney . 
  i already said people are the first priority and that includes clean and healthy living conditions . 
  so i am all about keeping a clean environment to be nice to live in . 
  but i loathe the idea we must keep it undeveloped for `` biodiversity reasons '' . 
  this is just another bs award . 
  all fine and well but welfare of people must have priority . 
  f *** biodiversity if it means a less developed economy . 
  more tourism you say ? 
  f *** that , uncomparable to the money manufacturing and services with higher added value bring in . 
  a sad example of this is croatia . 
  i know first hand how it is to live in one of these `` national parks '' . 
  a lot of limitations and no benedit . 
  basically they wa n't us to leave in reservations so that people from the capital can drive around over the weekend and look at the `` pretty nature '' . 
  while not even knowing that the beautiful countryside would be just a lot of forest if left to nature . 
  this is just wrong , our percentage of manufacturing in total gdp is very high ( ~ 23 % in 2016 ) . 
  there are plenty of big and medium sized companies , producing actual goods . 
  shame you do n't know any of them :(,
