  it proved that some economies have issues . 
  overall euro is still a good thing and i think a vast majority of its users would agree . 
  you just ca n't beat the practicality of using a single currency in `` whole '' europe . 
  yep . 
  if uk chooses to remain , some packt with eastern block ( v4 + others ) should be established to counterweight germany . 
  cameron already visited the v4 and also others ( inc. . slovenia ) to lobby for some deal about a year ago . 
  and i think that was a good idea . 
  on the other hand if uk leaves i doubt the eu will last . 
  everyone is already fed up with merkel about the migration thing . 
  not really hopeful for an eu under germany 's control . 
  why would exiting eu make uk less attractive for muslim migrants ? 
  i am not even sure it will limit migrants from eu . 
  not while your economy so willingly accepts them . 
  with muslims it 's probably a culture clash problem ? 
  same with eastern europeans or more of an economical/jobs one ( from an avg persons perspective ) ? 
  would be great to know the real debate behind the referendum , pc media fails as always . 
  so it 's become obvious that the referendum is about imigration . 
  so can someone pls tell me which group of migrants are percieved as the biggest problem ? 
  those from the eu , outside of eu , or doese n't matter ? 
  i can understand that , but i doubt many people from balkans will aim to get to uk . 
  more like germany . 
  also the migration problem seems to me self inflicted . 
  your economy is very open to foreign labour , at least for low skilled workers . 
  so probably you shuld try to find a better balance between people 's wishes and capitals wishes . 
  and not mix this with eu , exiting which will screw them both . 
  wow , why would you opose the balkan countries from joining ? 
  sorry but thats kinda lame , culturally they are all westerns with minor local folklore . 
  must say i am dissapointed . 
  if this kind of propaganda helps for brexit camp and you wote out , than maybe you really do n't belong in the eu . 
  in my experience ( foreign ) german coins dominate here than austrian and french . 
  i would say ~ 1/3 of them are slovenian . 
  at least for 1 and 2 $ coins , ca n't really differentiate the lower value ones . 
   enslave ( hence the word ` slave ' ) thats just wrong , word `` slav '' was self assigned , and means `` people who can speak '' . 
  check your facts . 
   let 's unite all slavic people under one banner ... 
  the russian one funny you should say that . 
  i think that independance/decentralization is kinda of a slavic thing/fetish . 
  so i agree that pan-slavism politically would n't end well . 
  same goes for federalization of eu . 
  having said that , i personally do feel closer to other slavic nations , than non slavic ones . 
  but i guess that is only because i can effortlessly understand lot of their language . 
  yep i agree . 
  actual consumption is probably much higher because not all production is accounted for . 
  and that goes for all alcohol , particularly schnapps . 
  and where wine grapes wo n't grow it is quite common to make schnapps from tepka peas/apples/plums . 
  in the country side , especially smaller villages a lot of households make their own schnapps and it is customary to offer it to visitors . 
  russia should have won :(, 
  so poland , russia , italy , germany :p last sweden :( poland can into space !, 
  i thought there were only gay people watching :d, 
  wow uk is actually good for once ... 
  so far poland , italy , germany :p, 
  what 's with all the boy bands this year ? 
  it 's like the 90s all over again :(, 
  definitely bih . 
  well at least we do n't get to watch boooooring austria commercials , before every song . 
  like last year . 
  title is misleading . 
  people here are trying to learn german , because they already know some english . 
  from primary school onward english is a part of school program so everyone learns it . 
  german is only tought at certain schools as an option . 
  those who learn it do so for work/business reasons . 
  having worked with germans for the german market , i can tell first hand it is good to know it . 
  all project related documentation is typically in german and also a lot of them do n't or are unvilling to speak english . 
  also near the austrian border gastarbeiter is a big thing . 
   but europe hates us . 
  no we do n't . 
  that we do n't agree 100 % on open issues does not mean we hate you . 
  we have minor differences and that 's it . 
  nothing special , happened to me in italy . 
  it 's a pain if you are not used of toll booths . 
  vignettes for everyone :p, 
  you can walk uphill . 
  i find this excessive self mockery repetitive and kinda lame . 
  gdp as a measure of power is quite shitty . 
  also eu is now where near as homogenous . 
  if russia was to invade anything , it would be `` every man for himself here '' , do n't kid yourself . 
  maybe some additional sanctions would be imposed , after a year or so . 
  yes subsidized food for students is kinda unique . 
  makes eating as a student really cheap . 
  i do n't think so . 
  people today care less much about being placed in the balkans . 
  that was more of a post independence thing , most people today i think just do n't care anymore . 
  same goes for mixing with slovakia . 
  fun fact is that borut pahor is the exact opposite of our previous president danilo turk . 
  the latter was much more formal and snobbish . 
  also pahor manages to be the first `` president of all people '' in slovenia , basically just by not stirring up any ideological issues . 
  just for that he gets my vote at next election . 
  more money from tourism . 
  croatia already gets a lot , but i imagine it could do better with $ . 
  vast majority of tourists comes from $ area . 
  tldr : he is part of ( was part of ) right-wing politicians , i vote left-wing politicians . 
  i wonder what was the state of mind of the person who thought of this . 
  is it like : `` that will show those silly slovenes '' ( maleficent ) , or `` may they have a good laughter '' ( playful ) , maybe `` kra\u0161 chocolate is the best , they 'll like it for sure '' ( sincere ) ?? 
  yes it 's just amazing how diverse italy is . 
  bad idea , would accomplish nothing only harm trade between us and eu . 
  there are other countries beside the eu with which us can trade . 
  not the correct time for another `` holier than thou '' eu move . 
  wow where were these taken ? 
  to lazy to translate your link :(, 
   unfortunately , we will have to somehow regulate tourism in centers soon or later .
