  living near a turist centre myself , i totally agree . 
  the infrastructure just does n't support such a large number of visitors and it makes life for local population hell . 
  what we are seeing this year is just to much . 
  what 's worse , tourism is n't the big money bringer people think it is . 
  at least compared to industry . 
  and given that canada is 500x bigger than slovenia , we have a higher bear population density . 
  wild of course . 
  slovenia has quite a large population of brown bears ( ~ 500 ) . 
  there is an ongoing debate whether this is to much , and if it should be lowered . 
  well in our case we could also use water from public network . 
  but why would you , if you can collect rain water and use it for free ? 
  also in times of drought , it 's discouraged to use networked water for watering gardens . 
  it should just be linked to registration plate like in hungary . 
  austria will also have this next year . 
  wait you just taped them to the window with tape ? 
  that 's illegal you know and penalties are huge . 
  afaik 3x times years vignette , at least here in slovenia . 
  raises hand !, 
  how typical not to include a slovenian translation for your most numerous tourists . 
  ha silly turkey . 
  my bet is that this is somehow the result of russian meddling . 
  russian hackers or sth i say !!!, 
  putin !!, 
  tbh i do n't see that happening anytime soon . 
  remember the refugee crisis and how they intentionally scattered the migrants on the green border ? 
  people who decide in the eu certainly do and wo n't let them guard shengen area . 
  once things settle ( hopefully they will and croatia accepts arbitration ) practical issues mostly . 
  having to cross the border for visiting family , going to work , shop ... 
  most of land border is now also separated with razor wire , i guess that 's not fun to look at . 
  i am sure that there are also bureaucratic issues like tax residency etc. 
  we are not talking about a lot of people , 35 is the number i heard today , so it should n't be a problem if they wish to continue living in slovenia . 
  btw this was the biggest critic of the arbitration here . 
  that on land it did n't follow the principle of justice enough . 
  like ask the people living in disputed areas where they wish to live . 
  nobody is denying that we used the eu card to try settle the border dispute to our advantage . 
  or at least finish it . 
  the same way italy did with us , and you will with serbia . 
  we were in a better bargaining ( and still are ) and used it to our advantage . 
  said a croatian , while at the same time claiming that we must sort our problems with bilateral agreement . 
  yeah i do n't see that happening . 
  he is a slovenian who lives on croatian side of dragonja river , land which was in dispute . 
  he claims that his land/house is part of slovenia and there was a number of incidents since 91 . 
  like slovenian politicians arrested when visiting him , showing him support etc. 
  he has also been on a number of hunger strikes each time trying to get attention about his problem . 
  while many claim he is a lunatic/clown i find him more of a tragic figure . 
  today the border was set along the dragonja river leaving his house in croatia . 
  but there are more ordinary people like him that have now found themselves in croatia and i think our country has to help them relocate to slovenia . 
  no really . 
  they were let into eu on the condition that they start resolving the border issue with slovenia . 
  and this was to be done by arbitration . 
  international court suggestion is just trying to look proactive once they left the arbitration . 
   above international law is just baffling how does international law help you if border is not set ? 
  and yes who patrols more often and resolves problems quicker is a good indicator of the true owner . 
  well i guess you get pissed when you end up on the wrong side of the border . 
  otherwise on most areas border now follows `` ownership border '' ( sorry do n't know correct expression ) and i think that is the best solution even if croatia gets more land . 
  border must be set in a way that it is practical for people living there . 
  you can extract gas/oil from there . 
  i understand there are some reserves and some croatians actually believed that we 're after them . 
   we 're still so incapable of co-operation we have to get some french , british and german septuagenarians to draw the borders for us . 
  well if nothing else works why not . 
  would have not . 
  the only acceptable solution for croatia would be to get everything . 
  sea and land disputed areas . 
   no its not fair , from your `` buh we victumz '' perspective it is fair because its compromise , but its not fair because there was no problem from start . 
  i 'd say undetermined border is reason enough to complain . 
  remember all the incidents ? 
  it is if you change the judges . 
  no it 's just economic interest . 
  mixed with some nationalism in croatia . 
  yeah keep telling yourself that . 
  decade ? 
  it was n't even a full year . 
  and blockade only started because of the disputed documents croatia submitted in the accession process . 
  of course we would n't let that slide . 
  well the fair principle and the good neighborliness principle played a big role here . 
  you did n't really loose anything here , we just gained something . 
  why is it retarded ? 
  this is standard procedure when borders are not set , look who has/had jurisdiction there . 
  and before 90s slovenia patrolled the whole piran bay . 
  agreement in principle is a long way from and end agreement what drnovsek/racan was . 
  there all details were already settled . 
  also presenting documents during eu accession that presumed the border . 
   i could see croatia and italy having to allow a slice of international waters like in the gulf of finland to not landlocked the other nations but to actually give them the waters is madness . 
  and that 's exactly what happened . 
  we get right to pass and nothing more . 
  we do n't get to fish there , look for oil , ... 
  we already tried bilateral solving ( drnovsek/racan ) and you did n't approve of that either . 
  so what , we get everything we essential wanted ? 
  most of piran bay remains ours and we get a corridor to international waters . 
  worst part is that about 35 people remain behind croatian border . 
  they should be offered free houses inside slovenia . 
  it 's not just about international waters access . 
  on the land border it affects a lot of people and their everyday lives . 
  hope this makes their lives easier . 
  if it will decide anything ? 
  sooner or later it will . 
  than we change it . 
  this free taxi service is a clear case of a law that is meant for some fairy tale earth and not real life earth . 
  slowing them down , i guess that 's a start . 
  next we find some african country and pay them to receive them .
