   ca n't the cops just look at it in secrecy ? 
  this . 
  state agencies can get this information anyways . 
  what good comes from making it public ? 
  agreed . 
  it 's not anyone 's business how much i earn , except if i choose to share that information . 
  i do n't see how sharing this with everyone helps fighting corruption . 
  tax agencies , ans instututions dealing with corruption have this information anyways . 
  over exaggeration . 
  while true that our biggest export/import partner is germany , they did a real mess with handling the migrant crysis . 
  just think a year back when balkan route was being closed . 
  their proposal to forcefully relocate migrants across the eu did n't win them any popularity points either . 
  give it a couple of years . 
  if this `` big state bullying '' ( i.e. 
  germany , now even italy ) continues , v4 will quickly become more homogeneous . 
  this migrant crisis still has the potential to polarize the eu . 
  and at least for slovenia i doubt very much that society here will accept much migrants . 
  forming a new pack makes no sense . 
  even together we are to small to make a difference . 
  but i would support joining v4 . 
  slovenia and croatia i think have similar interests to those of v4 . 
  i stand corrected , looking now at share of population living in rural areas , it is not really a slavic think , but more of a slovenian thing . 
  that 's a tough one . 
  i suppose money is the biggest factor . 
  if everyone had enough , i guess they would want to live in their own house . 
  but in real live money is limited , so you either go to live in a flat ( very hard to save for a house in your twenties ) , or you continue to live with your parents . 
  here a lot of people still live in rural areas ( ~ 50 % ) . 
  i think this is key fact , althou now looking at data , this is more of a slovenian thing , not slavic in general . 
  most people in rural areas have a patch of land and some machinery ( basically very small farm ) . 
  houses built in 70s and 80s are large and designed to be multi appartement buildings . 
  so with these factors combined , a lot of people just choose to live with their parents instead of i.e. 
  moving into some small flat . 
  mostly this means creating an apartment in the same house . 
  also in countires with more urban population , where people live in flats , there is really no choice . 
  to start a family you have to move out , because there is just not enough space . 
  to summorize , i think for slovenia at least , the high percentage is the consequence of a more `` rural culture '' . 
  with slavs i think its also a culture thing . 
  a lot of people still own a small farm with a big house . 
  so it makes little sense to move out , get a huge debt and also leave your parents with a farm they can no longer handle . 
  but will this ever be implemented in practice ? 
  talk is cheap . 
  i do n't think so . 
  hitler would have started the war either way , with stalins help or without . 
  in his eyes ussr was a failed state that would collapse in a month . 
  hence the attack later on . 
  i am not saying that they did n't do messed up stuff during and after the war . 
  but at least today there is a poland . 
  had ussr just capitulated , i am not sure today there would be any slavic nation left . 
  well my respect goes to ussr . 
  they are the only ones accessible by land that did n't just collapse , like all other countries did . 
  not correct . 
  overall more money is collected with vignettas . 
  all relevant data can be found on dars webpage , if you compare two whole years ( skip that year when we had only 6 months vignettas ) , ~ 3 % ( iirc ) more was collected . 
  but at the same time , foreigners do pay more than they used to , and local people pay less . 
  jokes aside , our export industry is the main reason for improvement . 
  over 7 % growth in exports just this year . 
  also now for a couple of years we have a nice trade surplus . 
  watching this makes me kinda sad . 
  like that xkcd comic : https://xkcd.com/695/ :'(, 
  one solution would also be to upgrade the infrastructure . 
  widen the karavanke tunnel , make additional roads around tourist centers . 
  but those are just silly dreams :(, 
  yeah if feels that half of dutch people is already here every summer . 
   this time only a few thousand people from each year group will be drafted into compulsory service . 
  wtf ? 
  and who will be the lucky 4000 drafted ? 
  random ? 
  this is just insane , either draft everyone or no one . 
  do n't really like news like this . 
  will just increase mass tourism in the summer . 
  ok if you live of it , but a nightmare for everyone else . 
  i live in bohinj and this summer commute to work/back was just impossible :(, 
  well this is what i would call the `` holiness movement '' . 
  people competing who is more holy . 
  first go the smokers , fatties , then drinkers , sugar eaters etc. 
  somewhere along the line people like suberee too . 
  sense of hunger is percieved differently by different people . 
  so for some loosing weight can be very uncomfortable . 
  not pleasant to be on ( percieved ) edge of starvation all the time . 
  white guilt , plain and simple . 
  destroyed buildings look like they are 100 years old . 
  all made from stone . 
  is this common for south of italy ? 
  not really . 
  but still it is a big anniversary ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_chapel_on_the_vr%c5%a1i%c4%8d_pass ) and i guess it was right to invite him . 
  i think it will influence most people because of traffic jams his visit will cause . 
  so germans/austrians who want to go to croatia tomorrow beware . 
   i do n't see why hungary just ca n't let the migrants through . 
  to pressure you to keep your border closed . 
  mockumentary , 
  sarcasm right ? 
  to be fair , there is a lot of good music in that movie . 
  its kinda corny , but all around fantastic movie . 
  uf , i must have seen all his movies on german television in my childhood . 
  i think in slovenia he is pretty well known . 
  so sorry to hear that :( . 
  i must have watched watch out we 're mad like 10 times :(, 
   i 'm sure they 'd rather prefer their own printing presses and central banks , so that they can devalue or inflate away their problem http://blogs.ft.com/ftdata/files/2015/11/support_for_the_euro-bar_chart-ft-web-themelarge-600x396.png, 
   the financial crisis proved the euro was a terrible idea . 
  not really .
