in general positive mostly because of practical rasons . 
  euro , no customs and schengen i think helped a lot to both our economy and to individuals . 
  we havent been successful in getting much eu funds though . 
  practical reasons of course . 
  less money and time spent on application processing . 
  and no one could have given us a hard time since austria is already doing the same . 
  its amazing how elegant the lift-off seems . 
  compared to spacex falcon rocket , soyuz seems like it 's powered by some anti gravitation engine . 
  well done , now we have a great excuse to do the same . 
  no big deal , perhaps they will finally repair the shitty road leading to kranjska gora . 
  would support . 
  it 's a realistic goal if we commit to it and i guess we could afford it . 
   was n't that most of the middle east before we interfered ? 
  yep . 
  so much for the so called `` arabian spring '' . 
  i do n't think there are many of us , but certinately the are to few slovaks and especially ukrainians . 
  it 's like they have an internet of their own :(, 
  too bad , your last years entry was my favorite by far . 
  shame you did n't get into finals . 
  liked your entry in 2014 ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=symhjmmgeic, 
  i watch the finals with my firends . 
  i think it 's great fun , also ~ 5 songs each year are really good . 
  not really popular with younger people though ... 
  well i guess some self loathing leftie had to much free time . 
  sadly many of those in slovenia . 
  i must say i do n't find this video amusing at all . 
  making fun of our military , police officers , national symbols is just bad . 
  what 's wrong with a little national pride . 
  we are after all living quite comfortable lives . 
  i just do n't get the point/purpose in this self mocking/satire thing . 
   but for a lot of czechs working near the czech-german border it is extremely disheartening seeing the discrepancy between pay for the same amount of work welcome to the club . 
  we have the same situation with austria . 
  you can find austiran owned companies with subsidiaries in slovenia which will pay twice the amount for the same position in austria , as they would in slovenia . 
  i am talking about it jobs ( fw development to be exact ) . 
  and this for places 200km apart . 
  only solution to this sallary barrier is to migrate daily or better yet to move . 
  would be nice to get some inside info on what actually happened there . 
  my money is on bloated incompetant management ... 
   so , yeah , this problem is not going anywhere any time soon . 
  optimism . 
  things change and do so with greater pace . 
  look at the last 5 years . 
  as things stand greece will be completely irrelevant in 10 years or so . 
  yeah your situation kinda sucks . 
  it goes without saying that you have complete support from every former yugoslavian state . 
  i do n't understand why no one pressures greece to just let this nonsense go . 
  maybe it will be easier in the future , thinks in greece seem to rapidly go fubar . 
   lol , you ca n't be that stupid to think that over 800 kilometers of rough seas can be secured with ... spiked buoys . 
  yes you can . 
  it 's just a matter of price . 
  but it 's easier just to whine and say `` it ca n't be done '' . 
  check the chinese ffs . 
  do as australians do , pay someone to host a camp . 
  well let 's hope that 's it . 
  collective madness stopped . 
  now it 's time to talk about how to deport existing migrants with no chance of asylum . 
  starting in greece . 
  we 'll leave them in your capable hands . 
  sorry if someone threw rocks at me , i would hit them with tear gas instantly . 
  i do n't understand why they even let them tear down the fence ... 
  to bad they did n't also confuse slovenia with slovakia . 
  that would have been hilarious . 
  everyone reading would have been like _ say_what _ :d, 
  thanks for your answer . 
  do n't quite understand why my question was downvoted . 
  we will get enough of them in any case . 
  some will get through borders and you wo n't accept them . 
  so it 's smart to start without any . 
   germany will probably retreat to a national approach and decline refugees ( or cap them ) ... that #s the moment you are really fucked . 
  then congrads . 
  you have managed to destroy europe for the third time . 
  a little off topic , but still . 
  where do migrants get all the rubber boats ? 
  i assume you destory them once the arrive ? 
  seems like sales and production in turkey must be sky rocketing . 
  was this `` logistical '' question ever raised in greece ? 
   organize direct bus and train connections to german border . 
  i would prefer they board them on a ship in turkey and transport them directly to germany . 
  no need to burden us transit countries . 
   other than that , i assume that austria still has a bit of weight on the balkan ... not really . 
  reason why everyone is cooperating is because of purely selfish reasons . 
  this gives every involved state a better chance of not becoming a migrant hotspot . 
  but on greece-s expense , let 's not fool ourselves . 
  regionally germany has much more influence than austria , but failed miserably with it 's proposal to jointly patrol the schengen ( slovenia-croatia ) border . 
  slovenia would so become the defacto eu migrant camp and cooperation was rejected . 
  also keep in mind that proposal to safe guard the macedonian/greece border first came from our pm . 
  or perhaps like this :p http://imgur.com/c5n3nli, 
  yep , it 's kinda sad . 
  here lots of small ( high altitude ) farms get abandoned and forests quickly regrow . 
  sad to imagine how much work was put into converting those forests into farm land generations ago . 
  well at least it was n't gay porn . 
  imagine how embarrassing that would be :d, 
   v4 says `` listen , we have an idea , what if w - ... '' and the west starts screaming `` shut up and do n't interrupt when adults are talking ! '' . 
  you can easily count slovenia and croatia into the same group . 
  austria in somewhere in between , so that only leaves germany in the `` west group '' . 
  france and other nothern countries apparently do n't event exist . 
  at least not in terms of solving this mess . 
  btw i do n't count accepting and sheltering migrants solving the problem , but in fact making it worse . 
  becouse there is not a finite number of them , they will just keep coming . 
   or we try to contain them on selected greek islands until their entire asylum request gets processed and evaluated ( which greeks are not doing ) another option would be to transport them all on some abandoned pacific island , and process their request there .
