it gets down to like 3pm some days . 
  i remember going home from school in the dark in the winter ( school ended ~ 3.30 pm ) . 
   now if you 're a vegan , that 's cool , but that does n't mean you have the right to force others to eat as you do , just as we do n't have the right to force you to eat as we do . 
  vegan here , agree completely . 
  oh god , we 're agreeing with france . 
  the 2nd and 3rd ones look ok . 
  the slope is too steep to go down and up it in the 2nd one , and the 3rd one appears to cross a forested section that could n't be removed for whatever reason ( protected wildlife ? 
  i just copied from wikipedia . 
  i 'll change it , 
   infiltrated \\  :( immigration is alright , so long as it 's not too excessive . 
  although i suppose excession is judged individually . 
   the second battle of copenhagen ( or the bombardment of copenhagen ) ( 16 august -- 5 september 1807 ) was a british bombardment of copenhagen in order to capture or destroy the dano-norwegian fleet , during the napoleonic wars . 
  the incident led to the outbreak of the anglo-russian war of 1807 , that ended by the treaty of \u00d6rebro in 1812 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_copenhagen_ ( 1807 ) we won . 
  i feel no remorse . 
  nah , only if they tend to live outside of the human body . 
  human-human diseases will do just fine . 
  the body is the same everywhere , after all . 
  oh , please . 
  i want the eu because it keeps our dodgy government in check . 
  become an island . 
  why would we give in before ? 
  the only ways to the uk are by boat or train , and neither is easy/cheap . 
  that 's cause america 's our kid . 
  not you . 
  you 're france 's . 
  and mexico is spain 's . 
  when they stopped using it , the zimbabwean government offered an exchange rate of 35 quadrillion zimbabwean dollars to one us dollar . 
  freedom !, 
  yay , we 're unstable !, 
  we did n't want it * really * . 
  we just had to pretend so that the other empires did n't tease us for not being greedy enough , 
  you 're replying to an english redditor . 
  he says that we , the uk , would be kicked out of/leave the eea . 
  damn straight . 
  probably . 
  i do n't see the tory government making laws to accommodate them , and they do n't have uk passports . 
  we agree . 
  you realise that * your * ancestors will have been involved in colonialism too ? 
  / u/isreactionarybot swimsfriend, 
  by bike obviously lol, 
  he would for the first day . 
  but not the second/third/two hundredth . 
  britlish true english :d, 
  of course we will . 
  just as soon as you stop eating frogs and snails . 
  where did you go ? 
  makes sense  . 
  i thought you were talking about undercutting the rest of the eurozone . 
  would n't that be super illegal ? 
  i thought countries were only allowed to print a certain amount . 
  i always thought that the chunnel was owned by the governments . 
  til . 
  i personally think that we should give the money , but only for full representation in the ecb . 
  props to you for not abusing moderator privileges to win this argument . 
  why ? 
  presuming that a grexit was inevitable , was it better to manage it as a political situation , in the hands of the government , or a financial situation , in the hands of the banks ? 
  looks like calibri , the default font for microsoft word . 
  i write in this all the time . 
  i imagine the guy on drugs was using hysterical strength , where the usual limitations are removed . 
  it 's the same strength which allows parents to lift cars off of their children . 
  wait , would this be proportional to population size ? 
  because if so , big countries like the uk would have huge representation and smaller countries like luxembourg would have very little . 
  most of those definitions also apply to the english * right * . 
  the only ones that do n't are * the law * and * straight on * . 
  that said , english is n't the most straightforward of languages either . 
   the rabbit hunt thing what 's that ? 
  i feel like a traitor , upvoting foreigners at the expense of my own countrymen . 
  at least i ca n't get sent to the guillotine in the uk , 
  * that 's the extent of my french , and it 's probably wrong . 
  our schools do not properly teach french . 
  well , when a rich person and an architect get very very drunk ... 
  the first picture made it look 10m tall . 
  i was very disappointed . 
  [ for mobile users/non-res users , who ca n't see links when you post them like that . 
  ] ( http://www.build.mk/docs/users/1/razno/spomenici%20i%20skulpturi/samoil%200101.jpg ), 
  portugal 's broke ? 
  fair enough . 
  he seems a bit inactive these days . 
  probably just a poweruser who took reddit too seriously and then got burnt out . 
  / u/presidentobama for mod of / r/europe !, 
  there are almost 350,000 users of this subreddit , after all . 
  got ta admire your ambition . 
  some people just want a new tv channel , but * you * want to shut down 5 countries :p, 
  it 's original . 
  plus you only tend to get a dozen or so people at any time . 
  we drew some nice straight lines on a map , and that 's all that counts . ^ :-), 
  how is it pronounced ? 
  like the name of the fish , imo . 
  like basilisk . 
  bass-ih-lekt ? 
  epit-oh-mm or epit-oh-me ? 
  i do n't even know . 
  i 'm a native english speaker , who read a lot as a kid . 
  i still say words wrong because i read them before i heard them . 
  i think it was because our navy has been our main military force in the past and present , we were better equipped to project power across the globe than other countries were . 
  what do french unis tend to cost ? 
  uk ones are # 9k ( $ 12k ) a year . 
  it 's a genuine weather sub . 
  someone had the foresight to register it before they could get to it . 
  that 's all i ask .
