considering how chelsea manning is being treated id be pretty scared of being extradited to the us . 
  sweden has repeatedly refused to guarantee assange wo n't be extradited . 
  that 's as close to an admission that they plan on allowing his extradition as soon as he gets to sweden . 
  they should n't be trying to influence the elections of its allies . 
  you seem to suggest he 's guilty until proven innocent . 
  that 's not how the law works . 
  your sarcasm metre needs recalibration . 
  interesting - thanks . 
   thank god it is the reddit armchair politicians that know whats up . 
  no need to be arsey . 
  i ca n't see this lasting : 1 . 
  turkey blew a russian plane out of the air a few months back killing its pilot . 
  putin has no respect for erdogan . 
  they both want something different in syria . 
  turkey wants rid of assad but russia wants to keep assad . 
  all that will happen is russia will manipulate turkey to cause discord in nato . 
   australian style immigration system you mean using the navy to sink life rafts and dinghies in the sea ? 
  some of you were still fighting until relatively recently ( ira ) . 
  unless you 're a baltic . 
  i 've played wargame : european escalation . 
  germany would be rolled over by the soviets ( i know because thats what i did !, 
   i guess it 's kinda in our culture to just keep our heads down and weather the storm . 
  until they mess with your bikes !, 
  the uk would rally to defend gibraltar like it did the falklands . 
  if you read into the falklands its amazing we ever rallied to it . 
  its amazing we won !, 
  we had to re-commission an old , retired vulcan bomber during the conflict . 
  we were basically resurrecting the dead to defend it !, 
  the uk populace were whipped into a frenzy over the falklands . 
  we would be even more defensive of gibraltar . 
  http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp gfp uk : 6 gfp spain : 27 i mean - look - i 'm getting defensive at even the suggestion of an invasion !!!, 
  what if that fellow man in the different uniform is trying to kill you ? 
  i doubt a simple land invasion would get the dutch rustled . 
  but if anyone went for your bikes ( like the germans did ) then i 'd expect you dutch would go orbital with rage . 
  yeah but its all the same kebab . 
  which philosopher was it that went to crete ? 
  then i think athens or another greek mainland city convinced him to come back and govern or advise ? 
  do you know ? 
  you should . 
  the ruskies are sneaky . 
  i was about to blame you for making people feel threatened . 
  :p but your slovenia not russia . 
  your flags are so similar !!, 
  the french built the maginot line along their german border thinking the dutch and belgians would defend their northern flank . 
  the germans had no chance against the maginot line defences . 
  so what happened ? 
  germany went around the maginot line straight through the netherlands and belgium to invade . 
  do n't make the mistakes of the past . 
  do n't think you 're safe just because you 're nestled deep inside europe . 
  russia could march its northern fleet right up to brussels to hit the heart of the eu . 
  or isis could send suicide bombers to the doors of the dutch and belgian parliamnents . 
  i 'm not trying to be scary . 
  just pointing out the folly of assuming you 're safe . 
  the french thought the same . 
  militarily - maybe . 
  but there 's also the threat of potato blight . 
  i think you 're 100 % right . 
  i would say this map is more representative of how threatened each country feels . 
  in the uk we do n't feel any threat to being invaded . 
  therefore low numbers . 
  though in finland i can imagine there 's more nervousness about russia because of their recent military posturing . 
  same with ukraine . 
  in fact the dutch/belgians are the lowest on the map which is understandable considering how deeply embeded into europe they are . 
  they 're vikings !!, 
  they 're in there like swimwear . 
  but what about the # 350m we 'll save every week that we give to the eu ?!, 
  the signs around birmingham have been getting vandalised with such clever statements as `` fuck off '' scrawled on them . 
  have you ever seen [ midnight express ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eay4aadkk08 ) ? 
  pint ? 
  or do you mean whiskey & potato ? 
  guinness ( and potato ) !, 
  of course , sorry . 
  how uncultured of me . 
  the balkans are about to go to war again . 
  and you act like you invented every letter from alpha to omega . 
  not the op , but what ? 
  for turkey to invade and annex the rest of cyprus it would need to go through , i.e attack british troops . 
  the british troops wo n't just sit there while getting shot at . 
  i really , really try not to but i 'm getting so excited at the opportunity to go i fucking told you so . 
  does that make me a cunt ? 
  you need to take an [ undergraduate degree ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_undergraduate_degree_classification ) ( 3-4yrs of university ) in the subject you wish to teach before taking a [ pgce ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/postgraduate_certificate_in_education ) ( 1 yr ) . 
  so people who become teachers could easily get a job in the profession with the degree they attained . 
  more information here : http://www.education.gov.uk/get-into-teaching/about-teaching/where-to-start, 
  [ those who can , do ; those who ca n't , teach . 
  ] ( http://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/those+who+can,+do%3b+those+who+can't,+teach ), 
  it 's ok . you 're german - we all know you have no sense of humour . 
   kebab exactly . 
  in the uk we 've benefited by getting great food ( curry , kebab , etc ) and people to pick vegetables on our farms ( something native brits rarely want to do ) . 
  this guy 's swedish - checks out . 
  i was thinking similar but i have a more sinister idea : perhaps the bnd is releasing this information to show the german people - `` hey look we are useful and we are the good guys !, 
  please do n't shut us down or clip our wings for all the nsa cooperation and surveillance '' . 
  i 'm quickly coming to the conclusion that western governments are just as bad as russia and china but more subtle at fucking over their populations . 
  is he speaking finnish or swedish ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  would you rather eat prosciutto ham out of berlusconis arsehole or bratwurst out of angela merkel 's arseholes ? 
   16 year old dane . 
  that explains it . 
  read up on the reasons and history of the formation of , what is now , the european union . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community  the ecsc was first proposed by french foreign ministerrobert schuman on 9 may 1950 as a way to prevent further war between france and germany . 
  he declared his aim was to `` make war not only unthinkable but materially impossible '' [ 3 ] which was to be achieved by regional integration , of which the ecsc was the first step .
