i ca n't get why italy is `` so weak '' . 
  i 'll ask to my chinese collegues at first occasion . 
  an impressive chain of errors and misjudgement of the situation . 
  that 's right . 
  i 'm just referring to the mean ideas of some italians . 
  some of my relatives are romanians , so ... :d, 
  it 's great that you still love italians , despite the fact that many of us do n't like people from romania by default due to a very stupid way to look at different culture , fired by dumb politicians for their own votes ... 
  that hurt . 
  but carnival is a kind of mirror for reality i 'm afraid . 
  yeah , sure . 
  come out of italy and have a look around please . 
  i 'm not refferring to numbers into parliament . 
  pd is destroying itself from the inside . 
  the number of members dropped dramatically in the last two year and as you know , the left-wing in italy have a strong connection with his basis through this simple measurment tool . 
  if then a `` renzi party '' will born , well ... i can not say . 
  but this party during the next election wo n't survive imho . 
  partito democratico is already falling apart . 
  and nobody cares . 
  what we need , is not a strong leadership but a decent electoral 's law . 
  italicum is a step in this direction ... 
  but still , we are in europe and we must act like a serious country . 
  sending out empty statement is not useful to italy . 
  renzi is a bully at government . 
  i 'm so sick of his way to do politics . 
  it 's your problem . 
  not mine . 
  unfortunately not . 
  and i really doubt that our current political class have the stand for such an high level committment . 
  in my opinion , that 's the problem . 
  that 's why a transition to political union is a need . 
  an utopia maybe . 
  and situation like this , that stress the system , are not really welcomed . 
  yes that 's my opinion . 
  and i 'm not implying anything . 
  i just say what is a lot strange that in a democratic ( yes , a democracy ) community , somebody has different rules or obbligation than others . 
  i do n't consider myself passive-aggressive . 
  i just say that i believe in a eu with same rules for everybody , convenient or not . 
  somebody said early this afternoon that eu need reforms . 
  that 's right , damn right . 
  but on an equal base for every member . 
  you are right . 
  then i ask myself why on earth uk decided to enter the eu . 
  turkey is not europe . 
  uk is . 
  still . 
  when i talk about reform , i 'm talking about a wider political base . 
  not really closing our doors and throwing away the key . 
  sweden and denmark raise control of people at their border . 
  austria did the same for italy as well as germany . 
  have you took a tgv for france lately ? 
  if not , please do and judge yourself . 
  schengen is at threat , european union is at threat and eu politician can not find a suitable way to manage this people because they are only listening to fear-cry of their own people . 
  a fear that , in large part , is unjustified . 
  yeah , please mark rutte , tell that people that they must remain in a war zone . 
  brillant . 
  i 'm not ignoring it !, 
  i 'm just saying that using this to bring forward politics that looks only at single countries ' bellies is not what we need as europe . 
  those responsable of these assault must ber persecuted . 
  if you want to keep distorting my words , please continue . 
   in the event of a mass sexual assault my migrants ... ok , so from a single episode we 're now at a worldwide scale sexual harassment war . 
  that 's a weird way of thinking man , believe me . 
  what do you mean ? 
  technically , calais is a frontier between two eu borders . 
  unfortunately it works differently because there is sea in between but ... u/patsy02 is right . 
  that 's disturbing in a way . 
  but it make me sick that right-winged propaganda is using this to close frontier and pretend not to care about this migrant crysis that is reality . 
  to be honest , yes or no is not a very easy choice if you look at the text . 
  the problem is that the matter of this referendum is not easy and a yes or no is heavily conditioned by anti-political sentiment in the country and populist pulls . 
  earthquakes for gas extraction are a different things . 
  guys , please , do n't do anything stupid in the netherlands since now everybody is looking at you and wilders ... 
  he will be missed . 
  here in italy he was a popular hero . 
  against 5 stars ? 
  everything . 
  is not the label `` new '' that is automatically setting things right . 
  tureky : a new wave of democracy and laicism in europe is coming !, 
  do n't wish too loud my friend . 
  rome -- an antiestablishment movement 's candidate won the largest share of votes in the first round of rome 's mayoral election , adding to the advances of populist parties across europe and posing a fresh test to prime minister matteo renzi 's ruling center-left party . 
  the candidate for the upstart , euroskeptic 5 star movement , 37-year-old lawyer virginia raggi , won 35.6 % of the vote cast sunday in rome , according to almost final data . 
  roberto giachetti , the candidate for mr. renzi 's democratic party , received 24.7 % . 
  the two will face a runoff on june 19 . 
  millions of italians went to the polls on sunday to cast their votes in local elections for new mayors and town councilors in more than 1,300 cities . 
  the elections -- held in some of italy 's biggest cities -- came at a delicate time for mr. renzi , whose popularity has sagged amid a timid economic recovery , a simmering banking crisis and an uptick in migration flows . 
  in milan , almost final data showed the center-left candidate giuseppe sala leading with about 41.6 % of the vote cast , followed by his center-right rival stefano parisi at 40.9 % . 
  but the main battleground has been rome , where locals are seeking new leadership capable of pulling the italian capital out of a morass of corruption allegations , disastrous management and political upheaval . 
  the city has been under special administration since former mayor ignazio marino , a fellow member of mr. renzi 's democratic party , resigned in october last year over accusations of expenses irregularities . 
  widespread disaffection for traditional parties and the italian capital 's seemingly intractable problems have fueled support for the anti-establishment 5 star movement , founded by comedian-turned-politician beppe grillo . 
  related unruly rome 's mayoral election offers opportunity for upstart 5 star movement europe 's populist politicians tap into deep-seated frustration mr. renzi himself has distanced himself from a race that has risked being a debacle for his party . 
  in rome , the democratic party has been weakened by a string of political scandals and by a major criminal investigation that uncovered ties between organized crime and city hall officials . 
  if ms. raggi wins the second round , her victory would deal a major blow to the prime minister , giving the 5 star movement , which has closed in on the democratic party in recent polls , a major opportunity to prove its ability to govern . 
  if it manages to tame some of rome 's problems , that would boost the movement 's chances at the next national elections . 
  the democratic party did n't make it to the runoff in naples , while it will face the 5-star movement in the second round in turin . 
  italian prime minister matteo renzi attends the military parade in rome on june 2 . 
  enlarge italian prime minister matteo renzi attends the military parade in rome on june 2 . 
  photo : european pressphoto agency a poor showing by the democratic party would cast a shadow over a constitutional referendum that mr. renzi has called for october . 
  that vote is on whether to approve a plan to simplify italy 's tortuous legislative process , reduce the senate 's powers and ensure more stable governments . 
  the prime minister has staked his government on a positive outcome to the referendum , promising to resign if it fails . 
  that could pave the way to early elections next year . 
  `` a negative outcome of the referendum would not only end renzi 's tenure but also throw italy into uncharted waters , '' said wolfango piccoli , co-president at london-based research company teneo intelligence . 
  on top of their populistic behaviour , they are also managed by a shadow party , a proper company called `` casaleggio & associati '' .
