  listen kid , why do n't you make your homework , preferably history and learn why none of the things you just said are true !, 
  i like to think wilders is a bit more sophisticated, 
  you made me think ; maybe holland should sperate from the netherlands that way we would be rich too !, 
  it is preferable they do . 
  look at the baltic countries and ukraine , if there were n't so many russians in these countries there would 've been far less trouble . 
  also look at belgium , ukraine is childplay compared to belgium . 
  is that what they call us nowadays , swamp germans ? 
  that sounds awful !, 
  i was aware of that but i fail to see how that has anything to do with the people that life there today . 
  language is n't a stupid indicator , it is something distinctive and important to one 's culture . 
  it is one of the reasons habsburg 's austria failed as an empire after nationalistic movements came into place . 
  i do n't see how / r/catholicism is n't representative for catholicism . . ( ? ), 
  you may be a non-believer but i am not and i can see the difference between clergy and ` regular ' catholics just fine . 
  fun fact : wilders once wrote an open letter to the pope about islam if i remember correctly . 
  the will of the pope can not easily be shoved aside by the church which is as much as a blessing as a curse . 
  i do n't know about polish bishops but i see plenty of articles in / r/catholicism in which clergy rant about the dangers of islam and how it should be stopped . 
  here is what r/catholicism thinks about the pope 's statement : https://reddit.com/r/catholicism/comments/490awa/pope_francis_europe_experiencing_arab_invasion/, 
  hating limburg ? 
  you would make fine dutch citizens !, 
  difference is that poland is n't a german speaking country and their people are entirely different , the same ca n't be said about the dutch and flemish . 
  why though ? 
  we are wealthier and you guys hate wallonia anyway . 
  because the church caused the dark ages . 
  oh wait it prevented europe from collapsing back into the stone age and saved many roman literature without which a renaissance would 've been impossible . 
  oh wait it seems you were wrong , that 's what you get for making idiotic statements . 
  the golden age of islam was a thousand years ago , nuff said . 
  how can the church save something that does n't want the church ? 
  the church has always proved to be a useful ally to those who wanted her to . 
  with socialism and secularism going rampant the past 40 years or so there is little the church can do . 
  look at hungary and poland , like it or not but it are things like catholicism ( directly or indirectly ) that are uniting them , making them extremely hostile towards any kind of islamic invasion . 
  although the pope seems to have taken a soft approach towards the refugee crisis , many bishops have publicly condemned islam and the list of saints that support their views is huge . 
  pope francis ' views are n't so widely spread ... 
  and what do you think what will happen once an islamic ` revolution ' happens once they are the majority ? 
  i know i would n't convert to islam under any circumstances and in such cases the consequences are ... heavy . 
  you do n't need / s for this . 
  most african countries did far better under colonial rule than they do now . 
  some would say democracy is the tyranny of the masses , ca n't say i 'd disagree with that . 
  might as well have a dictatorship with all the idiots who keep voting the wrong people into power . 
  close minded much ? 
  it 's ignorance and narcism like this that i 'm talking about . 
  how will you ever learn if you think you 've got it all figured out already ? 
  it 's funny because i am the one who tries to keep a respectful conversation and yet you call me ` poldertaliban ' . 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised though , this behaviour should be expected from know-it-alls like yourself . 
  how so ? 
  has n't secularism raised a generation of sissies and cowards ? 
  you must be blind if you think our society has improved moral wise since 1950 . 
  i really dislike individualism as it destroys communities and promotes narcism . 
  no one loves his country and people anymore , it 's sad . 
  ask yourself ; would you be willing to die for your country ? 
  if so you would be a unique and special snowflake because no one is willing to nowadays . 
  i can not blame them because i would n't either . 
  europe represents nothing but a caricature of its former self . 
  religion is n't just a religion . 
  it 's a culture , a lifestyle with it 's own rules and community . 
  the lack of religion is the lack of these rules . 
  religion focusses itself on god while atheism focusses itself on humans , individualism . 
  in theory individualism sounds great but like communism it wo n't survive reality . 
  we 've seen what a strong sense of community can do , we saw it in ww2 . 
  germany almost succeeded at conquering all of europe on it 's own . 
  now i 'm not saying we should all be nazi 's , of course not . 
  i 'm just saying that we need this sense of community . 
  christianity , to me is not just a faith but it 's the best ideology as well . 
  religion and distinctive cultures are what binds people together . 
  the looser we get , the closer we get to ruin . 
  you disappoint me , why do n't you respond with some of your own ` rationale ' ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious about your thoughts . 
  i 'm merely saying that there is nothing to stop extremism from rising once again . 
  atheism has no ideology and that is the problem . 
  atheism gives individualism , which itself gives narcism . 
  narcism divides our people and makes us weak . 
  without something the people can rely on in bad times like now ( refugee crisis ) they will seek or create their own ideologies which promise stability and order . 
  hence the rise of right winged parties in europe . 
  the reason why individualism worked in the age of enlightenment was because it was only followed by the upper class . 
  taking the easy way out fits your atheist believes perfectly , it 's almost funny . 
  explain to me how murdering babies is not evil . 
  after you 've done that try to counter the other arguments , you sissy !, 
  you seem not to realise that your arguments sound just as stupid as my arguments sound to you . 
  only by discussion can we gain insight . 
   did stalin and mao deliberately wipe out millions of religious people because those people were religious ? 
  uhm , yes ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_christians_in_the_soviet_union atheism is a death cult itself . 
  still thousands of atheists are murdering innocent babies in their wombs , even legalising it . 
  in my country it was thanks to religion that a communist revolt failed and the facists influence in parliament was almost non-existent after the elections back just before ww2 . 
  it were moderate christian parties that maintained order and stability . 
  now with atheism taking over it it just a matter of time before extremism returns forever , be it leftist or right-winged . 
  individualism and consumerism divide our people and kill our culture . 
  you have n't even read the bible and yet you judge . 
  jesus was far from a hippy , he chased vendors out of a temple with a whip for god 's sake !, 
  not to mention that the bible does not condemn violence if it is for the greater good . 
  the ot has tons of verses in which god orders the jews to make war . 
  all the downvotes make so much sense considering the amount of rebellious whiny teenagers revealed in the survey !, 
  i 'm sure 9/10 if not more have n't read the bible yet they all have their opinions ready . 
  modernism , not even once . 
  if you knew about jewish culture 2000 + years ago you would n't say that . 
  this was their way of spreading the message , putting the message in stories . 
  even you must see that this method is far more effective than just putting all the rules there plain and literal . 
  this way we learn why , as explained in the story and remember it better . 
  not to mention how boring the bible would be without the stories !, 
  as a side note : you can just , you know , google it . 
  the catholic church for example has an explanation for everything they say .
