  you are trying to justify this so you do n't have to feel like a monster but it is murder . 
  that is not how it works though . 
  life is already there once the fertilized egg starts developing itself . 
  no you are n't . 
  if anything you are among one of the last countries in europe that has kept some sense of pride and reason . 
  western europe is being overrun by islam and that will never happen to you and nationalism and catholicism are ensuring this . 
  are you honestly comparing christianity to islam here ? 
  i am not easily offended but you are n't reasonable at all here . 
  i get that some of you atheist have a hard time staying objective about these kind of things but come on , the guy is uttering nonsense !, 
  i wo n't take your bait . 
  i really hope you are a troll otherwise i 'm worried . 
  you ca n't be serious , at least i hope you 're not . 
  you are making a stupid mistake made by many atheists . 
  are you so little informed about religion that you ca n't see the differences ? 
  islam is entirely different than christianity and this reflects in their societies . 
  islam is a religion focussed on war ; there can only be world peace once everyone is muslim . 
  christianity is completely different from islam , study some theology for the sake of your own knowledge . 
  religion is part of culture and culture is part of society . 
  your views are secular views and based on secular ideas . 
  well they were pissed off . 
  they did n't think it was funny and thought it was offensive . 
  they felt ridiculed . 
  you certainly did . 
  we were annexed by russia that day and we rejoiced the past glories of the ussr . 
  as a religious person born and raised in a atheist country as the netherlands i can not describe how hypocritical this sounds . 
  we are forced to adjust and live with hedonism all the time but when it is the other way around it is bad and repressing . 
  these `` technicalities '' are quite clear and lawful , not that hard to understand . 
  in the eyes of many catholics abortion is just plain murder . 
  how do you justify murder to these people ? 
  you only look at it from your point of view , try looking from the catholic point of view . 
  because if we had sticked to religion we would have faced the same problems as we face today . 
  it is only because we have abandoned religion that we are in the lake at all . 
  some of these pro abortion arguments are misleading though . 
  a mother for example can still be saved if the ban makes it through . 
  if surgery is meant to save the mother and unintentially kills the child it is n't considered abortion and fully lawful . 
  the russians expected too much from capitalism and when they adopted our system they differences between us and them became much more clear . 
  they were and are destitute and they grew up with the illusion they could not only challenge the west but beat it too . 
  after they realised this was not the case they vested all their hopes on another ` great ' leader . 
  they could 've been like poland , which is really recovering from their soviet wounds but instead chose too hold on to the past . 
  they suffered years of soviet propoganda and after that putin 's propaganda . 
  in russia you do n't elect the government , the government elects you . 
  there are many great books like the seven storey mountain and st. augustines ' confessions , these books are great reads for atheists/agnosts , they may change your mind . 
  never say there is no hope for you , there is hope for everyone !, 
  at first i thought they could n't take a joke but after reading reactions as these i can hardly blame them for distancing themselves . 
  making russia even poorer does n't make things better for them at all , prosperity allows reason and education to enlighten the people . 
  people are giving pis way too much crap . 
  i think they are a blessing for poland . 
  how come you are n't christian ? 
  i see a lot of poles around here and all are atheist , which is strange coming from the most catholic nation in europe !, 
  you seem to respect the church well enough , what is holding you ? 
  it is a protestant book so a bit shallow about the theology , so i 've read . 
  but it is fighting the feminization of christianity which is good i guess . 
  i ca n't really judge as i have n't read it , what does it mean to you ? 
  not for the people of russia though , poverty is horrible . 
  rape is terrible of course and as hard as this may sound ; two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  if the mother does n't want to take care of the child there are other ways . 
  when the mother is at risk there are other ways too : https://www.reddit.com/r/catholicism/comments/3gl7yb/extreme_abortion_cases/ ? 
  the ban also wants to stop the morning after pill if i remember correctly , this is good . 
  wow so embryos just start living out of nowhere ? 
  what a idiotic claim . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/catholicism/comments/3gl7yb/extreme_abortion_cases/ no , a mother does not need to die . 
  i 'm very proud of my faith because it is n't the ignorant and anti-intellectual faith many claim it to be . 
  catholicism is an intellectual faith and its stances on issues like abortion are really well argued and thought through . 
  it 's unfortunate that so many people do n't know this . 
  abortion is literally killing a unborn baby if that is not screwing with someone elses life i do n't know what it is . 
  i do n't care what your believes are but it is only logical that many think this should be banned . 
  your ignorant hatred towards religion can not be justified in this discussion . 
  europe needs more children though , things wo n't be looking well if our population keeps decreasing like this . 
  way to go !, 
  i do n't agree with some people so i would like to ban their believes , stalin would be proud of you . 
  i 've read some discussions about this on r/catholicism , some of the people over there are really intelligent and know a lot about the church . 
  i 'm not too proud to admit that there is still a lot i have to catch up on and these are complicated issues . 
  please ask or search for it on the forums because it has been discussed a lot and they can provide a much better answer than i can . 
  edit : i 've found this threat that may explain some of your questions : https://www.reddit.com/r/catholicism/comments/3gl7yb/extreme_abortion_cases/ ? 
  if i remember correctly , the church does approve of surgery if it is to save the mother , even if it may result in the childs death . 
  it may not , however , kill the child directly on purpose . 
  everyone here is angry because of a law that will increase birthrate . 
  everyone here also dislikes islam and immigration . 
  fact is that native europeans are too selfish ( ca n't find another word for it ) to have children and we need immigrants to fill up the gap . 
  we have to act or embrace the fact that immigrants are going to be the majority . 
  how can you * need * an abortion though ? 
  a mother can be saved if she is in mortal danger even with the church 's approval and it would n't be considered abortion . 
  how does banning abortion increase the death rate , it is literally meant to decrease it . 
  sounds like a lot of work , i rather not !, 
  they should n't have made internet so addictive , why go out and do something if i can sit at home being fat and watch game of thrones ? 
  we should n't support pkk and we should n't support turkey either . 
  it seems like there are no reliable and uncorrupt countries or even movements at all in the middle east . 
  i wonder if we will ever witness a peaceful and prosperous middle east in our lifetimes . 
  the gulags of siberia are too good for you , it 's time to putin some sense into you . 
  `` own country '' everything russia now !, 
  mother russia is not a joke you dirty capitalist . 
  i was just about to send you to the gulag until i read first sentence . 
  i knew it , filthy american capitalist pigs without them ussr would still stand strong !, 
  we only wanted afghanistan but now we mobilise troops to invade europe and turkey !, 
  for the glory of the motherland of course !, 
  we 've seen merkel shaking hands with erdogan so i prefer not taking any chances . 
  yeah , totally comparable let me just apologise and thank you for opening my eyes . 
  the chances of ukraine joining the eu once this treaty is signed improves significantly and we all know it . 
  this referendum is a chance for us to try and put a stop to it . 
  not that it matters , our prime minister is way too scared to oppose the eu .
