  they can perfectly and clearly tell you what you should take literally and what not . 
  they are n't as backward as people claim they are , thinking like that was a mistake i myself made sometime ago . 
   no they just burned them . 
  cheap and pathetic , you had to go back 500 years in time for that . 
   as it stands you simply ca n't live your life as a non-believer without religion affecting it in several and often not insignificant ways . 
  and i 'm not talking now about the untold millions of deaths and other obvious outrages on the church 's bill because you probably feel entirely detached from those even though no christian perpetuating this monstrosity of an ideology should . 
  alright if you want to play it like that : same can be said about atheism yet you do n't hear me whining . 
  and i am not even talking about the millions of deaths caused by atheists surpressors like stalin and mao . 
  i try to understand atheists and respect their feelings , it 's almost never the other way around . 
   to grasp how pervasive this all is consider that in the us where separation of state and church is in their constitution saying you do n't believe in the god of abraham makes you simply unelectable . 
  so does saying you believe in zeus . 
  i was talking about * european christians * , was i not ? 
  not taking things literally does n't mean abandoning them . 
  it 's about the message not the story . 
  you do realise that a great part of the ot is n't meant to be taken literally , right ? 
  god is n't sadistic , people go to hell because they do n't want to be with god , not the other way around . 
  christians are n't allowed to condemn you to anything bad . 
  not saying that it does n't happen , i 'm merely pointing out that we must be a good neighbour regardless of what you think . 
  what we will do , however , is pray that through his divine mercy you will see the light . 
  i truly hope that once we are dead you will be given a second chance , that we will all end up in heaven after being purified of our sins . 
  volendam actually , we 're not all heretics in the netherlands . 
  you 're too predictable . 
  it were enlightened thinkers but mainly christians that pushed for the abolishment of slavery . 
  take [ william wilberforce ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_wilberforce ) . 
  even before that biblical slavery was entirely different from regular slavery . 
  if you want to play the history game with me at least do it right . 
  our society is build on christian values , the church made all of this possible !, 
  but nobody ever mentions that , instead they focus on the bad things that happened and make fun of the church . 
  by blood of the martyrs europe was saved multiple times from invasion . 
  what does the church get back in return ? 
  you spit on her face !, 
  i just really hope you are proud of yourself , while the martyrs turn in their grave . 
  i ca n't remember european christians ever making fun of atheists for their beliefs . 
  this is one of the reasons i grow tired and suspicious of atheists , too many of them think they got it figured all out and think they 're superior . 
  why do n't you just get a hobby and bother someone else ? 
  because they are quite rich and have a millions of tents outside mecca staying vacant only used for a few days of hadj . 
  because accepting a couple of * temporary * refugees is not bad at all . 
  pis is catholic and that makes it their duty to take these people in . 
  problem is that europe is n't a hotel and totally different from syria . 
  we can only maintain in control of the refugees if we accept them in small proportions and educate them well and fast about our rules and society . 
  most of these refugees should n't be here anyway , let saudi arabia do something about this . 
  i know they do n't and that is why we should act with boycots . 
  we should n't abandon refugees , we simply must find another solution . 
  but at least they oppose it and germany needs some opposition , badly . 
  exactly and most of these agencies have agendas and are not very trustworthy , i 've seen the un mess up more than once . 
  quite a few independent scientists say otherwise and support my hypothesis, 
  because everything you do n't like is straight up retarded , right ? 
  i may not agree with everything pis says but they make a lot more sense than most socialist and liberal parties when talking about things like the refugee crisis . 
  global warming is hugely exaggerated , do n't even try to claim otherwise . 
  i 'm in favour of a greener environment to preserve nature but i 'm really getting tired of these leftist propaganda scaring tactics . 
  earth has been warming up and cooling down for billions of years . 
  man made influence is close to non existent . 
  edit : most of the eu is clean enough already ( excluding eastern europe but that is primarily related to the economy ) it are countries like china and usa that need to get their priorities straight for the sake of health and nature . 
  political correct parties ( mostly leftist ) clearly have guilt issues . 
  more often than not they try to make it seem like the minorities are somehow always the victims even when they are at fault . 
  paris attacks ? 
  first and immediate thing to do is making it clear `` it has nothing to do with islam '' every damn time . 
  media and leftist parties immediately shout he was supporter of dutch mp wilders ( right-wing and anti-islam ) and demand wilders to distance himself from breivik 's actions . 
  wilders never approved of violence and has always been very clear about that , he calls for peaceful resistance . 
  but they know that of course , nevertheless they would keep trying to associate wilders with breivik . 
  not to mention they keep trying to associate every single islam critic with nazi 's . 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  i guess that explains it , thanks . 
  horrible , why does russia make such a huge amount of innocent victims ? 
  france seems to do it much better . 
  well no , not everything in the bible is the word of god , very little is the actual word of god in fact . 
  he did not get things wrong the first time around it was just that at the time when the roman epmire was at it 's peak it was the ideal moment for god to spread his truth . 
  jesus the messiah reformed judaism and made it accessible for everyone . 
  it actually makes sense , the roman empire was stable enough to swiftly spread the faith in a peaceful way . 
  absolutely , the church should have acted sooner and harder . 
  even the pope can make mistakes , we do not pretend like we never had any bad popes , because we have had tons of them . 
  and like bad popes we have had many bad bishops , for an institution so large it is impossible not to have a few rotten apples . 
  the thing is that the scripture and teachings are blameless . 
  it were men who were at fault , so this has to do with the organisation and not with the church itself . 
  feel free to rant about the pope and bishops but their wordly sins have nothing to do with our faith . 
  who told you the bible is perfect ? 
  but to answer your question : many laws applied to the situation before the coming of jesus , these rules were not valid anymore after his coming . 
  well he does n't know it is beautiful because he does n't know the bible , how hard is that to understand ? 
  pkk is desperate , turkey is wiping the floor with them and neither europe nor usa make much of it . 
  this is the most sensible step for them ; an enemy of my enemy is my friend . 
  yes , abrahamic religions are based on teachings and dogmas , you ca n't just make up whatever you want and go with it . 
  abrahamic religions are not allowed to adjust their teachings to what people nowadays think is ` normal and right ' if the bible/torah/koran forbids it . 
  gay marriage is clearly forbidden by the bible and therefore should not be tolerated by these religions . 
  of course you can approve of gay marriage as a christian but that would make you a lesser christian . 
  going to church does not equal understanding the church . 
  i do believe there are genuine atheists out there but most are not and they continue to bash the church without having any knowledge of it at all , this is what is bothering me . 
  my rant was not specifically towards you although you do seem ignorant of the church 's teachings . 
  slavery in the bible is different from slavery from the history books . 
  the bible does not allow people to ` own ' other people . 
  it does allow people to have a monopoly on someones labour . 
  in this case a worker is not allowed to work for another man but can not - for example - be whipped or raped by his ` master ' . 
  you are also referring to the old testament , which is divided in moral and cermonial laws . 
  ceremonial laws are not bound . 
  that is when lazy and evil people join the church because they got kicked out everywhere else . 
  obviously the people do need church to keep discplined because western society has lost it . 
  of course lazy christians exist but if they were obidient and pious they would n't be , because they would know that discipline is asked of them . 
  very funny . . having lived in holland all my life i 've been surrounded by atheists everywhere i go . 
  i 've been one myself in my early teenage years , i know exactly how the average atheist thinks .
