  makes me wonder if i should watch my mouth or hit the gym more often . 
  i sincerely doubt that . 
  pls invade us , i want something of that farage too . 
  can you see a clear difference between a cornish person and a english person ? 
  i was under the impression your language died out sometime ago and i thought that had to do with immigration and interbreeding with the anglo-saxons . 
  you are an atheist and it is no wonder you do n't know what i mean , i get that . 
  there are many , many catholic theologians and they are the most pious people i know . 
  i 've heard some stories in which a theology professor would start his lessons saying : let me make one thing clear ; there is no god . 
  and he would than proceed to continue his lesson . 
  it is no wonder pious people drop out if their professors are that aggressive . 
  i get what you are saying but those people that just donate a lot of cash to the church and return to their old ways often are n't theologicians themselves , they should be made more aware of their sins . 
  i did say that not everybody would be christian , just a lot more . 
  we share diffrent views on this matter but the fact is that a big part of r/catholicism consists of former atheist , and converted after reading these books . 
  i do n't think it would cause people to become even stronger atheists . 
  and you still seem not to understand what good means for me . 
  if good is like a race , god is like the wind in your back which helps you along . 
  you can probably finish without him , but his help could help you out a lot . 
  you and kurt vonnegut do n't seem to understand that we are not simply doing it for a reward or for avoiding punishment . 
  maybe some do that , maybe some that at first . 
  but i for like doing good for the sake of doing good . 
  god only strengthens and reminds me of this resolve . 
  that is what is suggested by the church but they also say that god 's mercy is infinite . 
  maybe you can enter heaven after all , just maybe . 
  it is because people turned from the church in the early 60 ` ies because the church was symbol of the ` old ' world . 
  they did n't raise their children religiously so they do n't know the slightest bit about church , this has nothing to do with forcing someone to go to church . 
  arianism is dead !, 
  you see , even the church does n't take the ot fully literal anymore . 
  everything in the ot is true , but not literal : the lessons in these stories have a message that must be followed , the story could just be a metaphore in many cases . 
  it is complicated but i 'm sure you can follow . 
  your mother , just like my mother was raised strictly catholic . 
  but what i found astonishing was that even though she was in the pews until her late teens , she knows almost nothing about the church . 
  heck , she even thought that the son was seperated from the father . 
  i do not say that any man who has read the works of the early church fathers , the catechism and the bible ca n't possibly be atheist but it would be far less likely . 
  and the amount of rampant atheism in europe would certainly be less . 
  with all the corruption and pedo priests going on , the church certainly has become less attractive . 
  but like with people , you should n't judge a book by it 's covers . 
  i truly hope that you will read some works of the early church fathers someday and realise it is n't all that bad . 
  a spanish acquaintance of mine told me that catholicism is alive and well in southern-spain . 
  big enough to be mentioned anyway . 
  you just confirmed my point , catholicism and science are brother and sister . 
  you * could 've * known this . 
  it was a priest who invented the big bang theory and it is the church who has protected wisdom and science since 2000 years . 
  not necessarily . 
  the church should focus on making their teachings more clear and inform the people some more . 
  i 'm convinced the western world gets less religious because of their lack of knowledge about the church , not because it is rich and educated . 
  i mean , how many people have actually read the catechism or even the bible for that matter ? 
  i hope you are wearing your tinfoil hat , the overlords might just erase your mind now you know the truth . 
  protestants are traitors to the church !, 
  poland , ireland , italy , spain , malta , all of these have big catholic communities . 
  yeah well , it was said by jesus himself so not really open for discussion . 
  `` i and the father are one '' . 
  but catholics nowadays do not view every piece of text in the bible as literal anymore like in the old days . 
  you simply can not compare christianity with islam . 
  you seem to be well informed indeed . 
  yes they made it harder for them to become muslim but it was inevitably the taxes that made them want to become muslim . 
  yes the population was discontent but it was n't like they were very familiar with the muslims to begin with . 
  in the end it were battles like the battle of yarmouk that decided the fate of the byzantines . 
  i do n't believe in magic and wizards , just in god . 
  no double standards there . 
  these taxes actually originated from the quran itself while ignorance from the christians was just . . ignorance . 
  this is why with modern day education christians are very different from muslims nowadays . 
  but there was a church when islam was founded . 
  you do n't seem to understand that muslims were a extreme minority when they invaded the levant and egypt . 
  they could n't just go murder everybody because that would n't make sense at all . 
  by surpression they managed to get extremely rich from which in turn they could expand their huge caliphate . 
  and both the levant and egypt could be conquered because there was a huge war that exhausted both the byzantines and sassanids leaving them vunerable . 
  oh all religious people are mentally unstable are we ? 
  amazing how you know about my mental condition without even knowing me !, 
  i think you might have done a big discovery here . 
  quick call the police , they must lock us up before we harm our surroundings !, 
  it is not like people will return to catholicism because of him . 
  people will just be like `` wow he is a cool pope , but i do n't believe in fairytales '' . 
  it does n't really matter and we might as well have an orthodox pope like benedict xvi who is at least appealing to catholics . 
  i agree , that comment was highly inappropriate . 
  he is certainly not among the best popes in church history . 
  you would think he would be more careful with spreading his thoughts regarding this subject if you consider his position as pope . 
  but alas , he seems to have the merkel syndrome . 
  i do n't think you know your church history very well , or the bible it seems . 
  catholicism is entirely different from islam . 
  in almost every case it were missionaries , not brute force that converted the people . 
  of course there was violence but it were different times and you have to apply some historical thinking , you ca n't just judge them from the time in which we are living . 
  islam has never used missionaries , they surpressed the christians and jews living in the levant with heavy tax burdens until they - sometimes after generations of misery - converted . 
  of course the europeans and in particular the spanish did some horrible things but you have to understand there was no such thing as education for the common people and morals were entirely different back than . 
  it is like sending a bunch of football hooligans to govern entire areas and expect things to remain peaceful . 
  now the islam states that the whole world needs to be islamic in order to achieve world peace ( does n't seem likely , i mean look at groups like isis they kill their brothers because they do n't judge them orthodox enough ) . 
  christianity has no such thing , of course we are encouraged to convert as many people as possible but not really required for world peace . 
  if you would 've read both the quran and bible you would know that the quran is far more war based than christianity . 
  think of the concept of world conquest , jihad and even approval of sex slaves and rules on how to divide those after conquest . 
  you can easily tell this pope was n't raised in europe . 
  the church has fought islam since the beginning and countless saints have died because of it . 
  pope francis disappoints me hugely regarding this topic . 
  because poland and italy are n't unaffected by today 's culture . 
  and no we ca n't take that decline because we will have far too many old people and it will hurt our economy terribly . 
  yes it would , we did n't come this far just to cease existing . 
  besides , that is n't something we should bother ourselves with . 
  just because we have different views does n't mean we are trolling . 
  i speak of narcissism because it is easier to not have children and life a carefree life . 
  people are too lazy and selfish to raise children . 
  exactly , people tend to bash religion but at least christianity protected and promoted the importance of family values . 
  now with rampant liberalism , atheism and narcism controling our society it is no wonder people stop having children .
