  good for them . 
  even if it was n't meant to stick it up to brussels i would 've voted against . 
  like i said ukraine has n't been particularily helpful to us . 
  do we owe you something ? 
  because after your country refused to hand over radar data about mh-17 , refused to give back our stolen paintings , got a president in the panama papers ( which you do n't seem to care about much , where are the mass protests like in iceland ? 
  ) , i think we do n't owe you anything . 
  instead of going protesting i had the option to sign for a referendum which not only saved me time but would n't be as easy to ignore either . 
  so you tell me which was the smart choice . 
  why would i bother ? 
  thanks for assuring me i made the right choice . 
  10 % is a start . 
  it also is a clear sign to brussel that they cannnot just push things through without our permission . 
  maybe i am too busy to protest in den haag , it is a long way from my home and i have to work . 
  400.000 people signed for a referendum and yet you call this undemocratic . 
  and a fair 60 % has voted ` no ' . 
  you sir , are a joke . 
  your politically very involved friend tried to kill a democratic process and he got what he deserved : a big ` no ' !, 
  these would-be democracy killers are a small minority of the ` yes ' voters anyway . 
  only 30 % cared to vote . 
  the others obviously did n't care enough or had too little understanding about this referendum . 
  so the 30 % that cared voted , which is what matters . 
  why would you want people that have no clue to vote ? 
  it is a great victory for democracy , it was victorious eventhough people tried to destroy the referendum !, 
  i am , are you butthurt ? 
  that may be the case in your country but in holland it is really the left that weakened our economy . 
  but yes if you are from italy i would agree , berlusconi did n't do much good . 
  no this is only damaging for ukraine 's elite . 
  we do n't need this treaty to keep trade up . 
  do you need a napkin for your tears ? 
  u mad bro ? 
  seriously though , many high ranking eu people have called this possible ` no ' a disaster so i know they care !, 
  looks like we made it , take that brussels !, 
  gay marriage ? 
  no , but that is just me . 
  i just think we would have been richer by now if we had elected right winged parties more often . 
  lets just agree to disagree . 
  agreed but left-wing politics have n't brought us anything good since the 1970 's, 
  we rely too much on overlord america but once trump is in charge we better get a serious eu army , because he wo n't help us . 
  most countries do n't even pay the necessary 2 % . 
  i think israel has proven that quality  quantity . 
  no one would dare launching a nuke , not even russia . 
  putin may be daring but he is n't crazy . 
  french police has seen everything ; bad ass farmers creating chaos , radical wine producers destroying inferior wines , radical islamists . 
  they just do n't give a shit anymore . 
  i just watched it 2 days ago for the sake of nostalgia . 
  made me realise the dutch voice acting was done horrible by anyone accept for alfred . 
  sounds dangerously leftist , are you sure iceland ? 
  maybe the germans work harder and that is why they have to work shorter !, 
  is this guy insane ? 
  the moment this came out everyone knew it was game over for him , he is destroying his own party with his selfishness . 
  while your vote is quite obvious you must agree about the falseness of that argument . 
  he has broken every single election promise he made , we all know he is ready to disappoint the people again . 
  but we 'll see about that very soon . 
  it would really surprise me if he actively tried to do something about it . 
  because there are other reasons to come to this sub other than eu politics ? 
  or maybe especially because of eu politics ? 
  i never claimed they were illegitimate , do n't make up things i have n't said . 
  i never said they were n't legitimate , just that they are n't representative for what people think right now . 
  also 60 % is likely to vote no which is a lot more than the 33/150 in the government , which supports my argument . 
  well maybe you have n't watched recent polls and maybe you should before you give replies like these . 
  the government is extremely unpopular right now . 
  unfortunately our government does n't represent its people well enough anymore which is why we forced them to allow a referendum about this . 
  they did n't say they will respect the outcome , just that they would consider their options . 
  our prime minister is well known for having no spine . 
  a lot of it has to do with the eu just deciding big things for their own without consulting the people . 
  we want to let the eu know that the people are not meant to be taken lightly . 
  the treaty is also damaging of course , as is told you . 
  i doubt they will try stop the treaty or even try to change it . 
  the outrage it will cause will be amazing , of course . 
  haha , a bit ironic is n't it ? 
  they are al claiming to be tolerant and open minded , you know freedom and that sort of thing . 
  but when they speak with people not agreeing with everything they say they lose it . 
  what about the catholics in france , germany and italy that want to live in a fundamentalist state ? 
  it 's democracy , you have no right to impose your ideas on poland . 
  because we care about you and want you to live a life as god wants you to . 
  we hope everyone will experience the same happiness and freedom as we do . 
  i was talking about pleasure not love . 
  if it is for love it makes things a bit better but it also needs to be about procreation . 
  seperating one from the other is offending god 's work . 
  this is of course the catholic point of view and i just wanted to make you aware of our way of thinking . 
  if you are n't catholic there is nothing we can do against you using contraception or making sex less great for yourself and only hope you will see the light some day . 
  anti-contraceptive ? 
  most certainly but do you know why ? 
  it is because we hold sex in such high regard that we think it should n't be wasted for the sole of either procreation or love but for both . 
  so we are far from being anti-sex !, 
  and because sex is for both procreation and love , homosexuals should n't have sex according to the church because they ca n't impregnate each other . 
  there are however , many homosexual priests and monks and that is perfectly fine because we have nothing against homosexuals . 
  now i do n't know what you mean with pro-censorship but i 'm guessing you mean porn . 
  porn is going against ` catholic law ' and is tempting the viewer to masturbate which is narcissism according to the church . 
  i agree , the church should hit the streets more often to persuade the people instead of forcing them . 
  i 'm glad you take abortion seriously !, 
  sex purely for pleasure is hedonism so i was right . 
  abortion * is * murder , it are n't just the catholics that think so . 
  if you are n't catholic go ahead and use condoms but do the responsible thing when it goes wrong anyway , it is your responsibility . 
  give me an answer and your definition to get this over with . 
  women should n't be having sex if they do n't want to take responsibility for what can happen afterwards , the same counts for the man responsible for impregnating her . 
  and no , it is not meant as a punishment it is a genuine attempt to save a life . 
  of course pro-choice people do n't believe it is n't murder , they are n't monsters !, 
  that is why it is important to make these people understand why they are wrong . 
  i know what hedonism is of course we are talking about gay people , ca n't they have sex ?
