it 's proof the polish can do much more than just plumbing toilets !, 
  what caused the rise of the dictatorship ? 
  no rules , no restrictions , no costs . . do what you want 'cause a pirate is free !, 
  it 's not like i would disagree with anschluss , it is never too late to form germania !, 
  and more worse at football :(, 
  everyone 's during the war it was the usa that made profit from it but after it everyone . 
  the marshal plan only delayed the inevitable of europe falling back into depression . 
  it was a tough time and ironically ww2 was a blessing for the economy . 
  common knowledge, 
  well , err . . internet ? 
  yeah , like a really nice bonus . 
  google is your friend, 
  i 'm pretty sure it was ww2 that killed the depression . 
  would n't dare to make any suggestions though . 
  yes , he looks way to european . 
  they are the biggest receiver , why would n't they be euroenthusiastic ? 
  you do n't know these stories ? 
  his life was some sort of tragic comedy . 
  there are many movies and books about him . 
  i think there are short summaries about his life on the internet too , have fun reading !, 
  nah , he does n't look mongoloid enough . 
  this is what he would 've wanted , he loved his penis . 
  he shove it in women 's faces while they were having dinner and made love in the streets for everyone to see . 
  his penis preserved for display truly was his grandest wish, 
  the story of how a lunatic got famous and ended up into the history books . 
  he had quite a life . 
  you are absolutely right , pis is doing what is good for poland . 
  i hate western european arrogance too . 
  god bless poland !, 
  the chances of a meltdown are unrealistically low . 
  japan had to endure a earthquake and a tsunami before such a thing could happen . 
  germany does n't have these problems . 
  just like what merkel did some time ago . 
  it does n't make sense ; nuclear energy is safe and clean . 
  i always thought those elder scrolls skeevers were purely based on fantasy , it seems i 'm wrong and therefore terrified . 
  they are the biggest minority so criticising them is a big no-no . 
  although it is slowly coming to an end , there is still a lot of pcness going on in europe . 
  jews have done significantly less to muslims than the other way around , in fact the jewish have almost never done anything wrong to them until israel got attacked . 
  israel started as a peaceful state and developed into a war state because of the aggressiveness of muslims . 
  you have an interesting history as a country , it is too bad the caste system survived colonial times . 
  only northern india has aryan blood and there is only one village left of ` pure bloods ' , still it is likely he would have loved you . 
  but to stay on topic : it 's sick that people tend to think this way . 
  sadly , he is not wrong . 
  this is one way to end the conflict , it may not be a good one but the conflict can be resolved by either killing all the muslims or all the jews . 
  although it does n't seem likely , it would n't surprise me if one of those scenarios happened one day . 
  molenbeek has been going on for less than 40 years and our inhabitants do n't have the nasty habit to explode once in awhile . 
  my village has something similar , because of religious differences we only married with people from our village for more than 400 years . 
  nowadays we can clearly see the differences between us and ` regular ' dutch people ; most of us have slightly darker skin and a different face structure . 
  it amazes me how much some of them hate jews , most of them have n't even met one in real life , it 's surreal . 
  first i was a bit surprised but after seeing her photo i was n't that surprised anymore . 
  i do n't know about the uk but in holland a lot of people inside the islamic community ( mostly teenagers ) seem to have some obsession with glorifying hitler , for example many deny the holocaust . 
  something i never quite understood , as hitler was not a muslim and classified their race ( north africans and arabs ) as second degree citizens . 
  http://www.groningerkrant.nl/2016/04/verdrag-oekraine/ here is one , there are more but there are so many articles about ukraine with the whole referendum stuff that was going on , that it is kind of hard to find the ones you 're looking for . 
  as for poland , poland is not dangerous . 
  poles are hard working people and poland has indeed improved a lot since soviet times . 
  turkey * is * dangerous though . 
  imagine they make that 180 turn , they become part of the eu and crisis hits once again . 
  what would be stopping turkey from voting an islamofascist like erdogan in power once again ? 
  i rather have destitute and corrupt ukraine than reasonably prosperous but highly unpredictable turkey . 
  i do n't want them to be in the eu in their current form and a lot has to change before i would approve of them joining , but that 's just me . 
  i can give you some articles about the cheap labour part but they are all in dutch . 
  we should n't promise them anything more than a possibility to join the eu . 
  their cheap labour has actually proven to be more damaging to the dutch economy than good which was another argument to vote against . 
  but still , i must admit that ukraine has more to offer than i thought . 
  maybe the eu will collapse and it would all be for nothing , time will tell us . 
  eu membership is n't something we give countries for fun so they will behave like a good boy . 
  this is serious and could hurt our economy really bad if they make a mess of it . 
  if they are n't willing to reform without direct eu membership as a result than maybe they are not worth the trouble . 
  that makes me think : what has ukraine to offer the eu ? 
  we have feelings too you know ? 
  but would n't it make far more sense to pressure them * before * they join the eu ? 
  just like you said ; it only started working after the eu started putting pressure on them . 
  but they do n't need to be inside the eu in order for that to work . 
  romania is in the eu too but what has that done for their fight against corruption ? 
  i 'm all in for that but they need to fix their problems with corruption and civil war first before they join . 
  i do n't want europe to risk their necks for some olicharchs . 
  the current treaty should be about fighting corruption and nothing more . 
  that is fine to me , it is their country . 
  i just do n't want them into the eu ( which they inevitably will join ) or let them damage our relations with russia even more . 
  no you ca n't get fixed through one good guy and that is why you are our next greece , sucking us dry of money . 
  this , after you did n't give us mh-17 radar data and refused to give back our stolen paintings . 
  no we should be thrilled to let ukraine in the eu , really !, 
  fortunately your current president is such a good guy . 
  i do n't see the problem here . 
  most of us knew that starting a bloody revolution to remove their pro-russian president ( democratically elected , could 've just waited for the next election ) was a bad idea . 
  and look what happened , sometimes outsiders know what is better than the insiders . 
  i find it somewhat offensive that you think we are entirely blind when it comes to our vision of what is best for ukraine . 
  half of ukraine is russian and many of them feel rightfully abandoned by their ukranian government . 
  maybe they should consider making some of their willing russian lands independent before they force them ( inevitably ) into the eu . 
  you think ? 
  some suspect he will be replaced by zijlstra next election . 
  i do n't know many vvd supporters so i would n't know much about his popularity in his own party . 
  but i do know is that he is despised outside the vvd . 
  the pm broke a lot of election promises , his party may still be reasonably popular , but he certainly is n't . 
  while lack of trust in the government is not something new , i certainly think the pm has made it only worse . 
  i 'm glad you are being mature about this , it 's quite rare around here . 
  https://mobile.twitter.com/bartnijman/status/718099899527643136/photo/1 nuff ' said this amount is actually greater than the amount of tactical voters . 
  it is not like germany has n't met some serious opposition before , hehe . 
  because surely if 100 % had voted , ` yes ' would have won . 
  / s polls suggest that most people stayed home because they did n't expect the government to do something , not because they lacked interest .
