  never said that nice going there , jumping to conclusions . . 
  the orthodox also have legitimate marriages . 
  in portugal most people did n't agree and it was forced upon them . 
  read a history book , there are countless factors . 
  you ca n't argue with common knowledge . 
  fight against slavery , racism , etc. 
  christianity brought us the true meaning of marriage . 
  europe may be secular and many atheist like you may disagree but that does n't mean you can change whatever you please . 
  we christians are n't gone and hopefully are here to stay . 
  zealots nowadays certainly have little to do with it but christianity has formed europe to what it is today , you ca n't deny this . 
  this is commonly accepted by many historians . 
  because it does n't match your opinion ? 
  i do n't like secularism and yet europe is my home too . 
  i do not care for this kind of empty insults , use arguments . 
  well , it should n't, 
  true but over the centuries the meaning of marriage changed . 
  my idea of a christian government is a government that acts with christian guide lines . 
  we wo n't forbid you to be atheist , freedom of religion is important but at least the leftist madness would stop . 
  europe has grown soft and it 's people have become political correct cowards . 
  secularism has indirectly created this process . 
  the church does n't hate you , it just disagrees with you . 
  hating someone is a sin and we try to avoid sinning . 
  this could go on and on and we would still disagree . 
  fact is that most nations in europe have been christian for over a thousand years and that marriage is not the same thing as it was 3000 years ago . 
  did jesus ever say we should burn homosexuals , ` witches ' or jews ? 
  ca n't remember that being in the bible . 
  what i do remember is a illiterate and quite stupid europe with the vast majority of the people being uneducated . 
  maybe , just maybe this was the cause of these barbarian practises . 
  but it is far easier to blame the church is n't it ? 
  i 'm a college student studying history and from what i 've learned is that the name `` dark ages '' is n't correct . 
  it was a name made up in the renaissance to mark a new age . 
  you should be grateful to the church , thanks to the church the legacy of the greeks and romans was preserved . 
  our world would look entirely different if it was n't for the church . 
  when europe emerged from the `` dark ages '' europe was still very much christian , maybe even more christian than before with the new and better translation of the bible being available . 
  this is evidence that christianity has nothing to do with it . 
  secularism did n't even exist , that idea would come much later . 
  yes , as you can only marry once it should indeed have another name , saying otherwise would make me a hypocrite . 
  and while you are right about most countries being secular , it does n't mean everyone agrees with it . 
  secularism has brought us far more harm than good if you 'd ask me . 
  but that 's a whole different story . 
  like i said before modern day europe is build upon christian values and traditions , they deserve our respect . 
  you are saying that it is more important to respect peoples lives than traditions but are christian not people than ? 
  that comparison does n't even make sense , this has little to do with racism , racism or segregation . 
  if anything this would reduce discrimination as christians would n't feel threatened but instead respected . 
  this is about protecting tradition . 
  men and women are different and yet they are equal . 
  just because things are different does n't mean one is less than the other . 
  like it or not but europe is build upon christian values and traditions . 
  many people still are christian , it is my opinion that these traditions should be protected . 
  it 's not equal because it is not approved by the church , but in everything else it would be equal . 
  i do n't think a simple name change could change that . 
  there are many theists against this . 
  as a catholic i view marriage as something between a man and a women . 
  i am not a homophobe , far from it but i just do n't get why it needs to be called ` marriage ' . 
  we could avoid pissing everyone off by just giving it another name but with the same benefits . 
  i do n't think this is a popular opinion around this sub but i just thought i 'd share the christian point of view . 
  spain is ridiculous , as far as i know there are only 2 seperatist movements ; the basques and catalans . 
  are the others true ? 
  because i thought the rest of the country was more or less culturally and ethnically the same . 
  god created nature , and he has plenty to do with things like prayers and ruling heaven and all that . 
  the church does acknowledge natural selection , theistic evolution is optional . 
  we know and we did n't want to lose indonesia but america kind of forced us . 
  we still want coffee and sugar and now we 're desperate . 
  yeah you are right , i forgot . 
  the selfish bastard wants to make as much money as he possibly can at the expense of the people . 
  two important jobs by one man , while each of these jobs should require someone 's full and undivided attention . 
  / s is taking the beauty out of sarcasm . 
  it also takes confusion away which is unfortunate because that makes up for some pretty great conversation . 
  who started this whole / s thing anyway ? 
  i was glad to see dijsselbloem go from his important position in our government , unfortunately he left in an attempt to ruin the eu as a whole . 
  how come it is i only hear about these kind of organisations in poland ? 
  i mean pis did n't win the elections just because , there must be huge opposition to these organisations - excluding the government - too right ? 
  you obviously have no clue about our centre parties . 
  even the most ` right ' winged party at that time would be considered leftist now . 
  merkel is centrist but would you really not call her a leftist idiot ? 
  because her immigration policy is worse than that of our most leftist party could even think of introducing . 
  tons of immigration , zero intergration and free money for everyone . 
  the 80 ` ies were the absolute worse when it comes to the latter , at least in the netherlands . 
  if it were n't for the racist part of his political agenda hitler would have done an amazing job . 
  he was an amazing politician no matter how you look at it . 
  without the race teaching nonsense his party would have gone into history as revolutionairy instead of hitler going into history as the personification of evil . 
  i hate to play the devils advocate but hitler did change germany economically for the better and gave the people exactly what they wanted until he went literally mad and screwed his war strategy , and his reich , which allowed the allies to turn the war in their favour . 
  now of course what the german people wanted was n't okay . 
  but the nazi party was brutally efficient and achieved amazing things not only in science but also in healthcare , economics and almost entirely killed the unemployment rate . 
  it is very unfortunate that the nazi 's single most objective was the absurt idea of racial pureness , which ultimately killed popular support for their otherwise fine ideology . 
  centrists are not radical enough to provide a solution for our modern day problems and most radical leftists are just bat-shit crazy at this point in history . 
  shitting on leftwingers is reasonable though , look at the damage leftists have done to our countries the last 30 years . 
  i do not understand how there are still any leftists left , foolish idealism , i guess . 
  how is that thanking us ? 
  you should get independent and prove the eu and their fearmongering wrong !, 
  while this is a cool story to read , unlike in american society , the british had very few non brits living in their society at that time . 
  while i do n't approve of racism , and i am not trying to defend the americans from their racist acts , this is n't a fair comparison ; the brits were unfamiliar with the cultural/racial tensions on their home turf . 
  if we look at europe today i would certainly say there is more racism now than during and just after the war . 
  of course people used to think one race was better than the other but there was very little hate towards each other like we are experiencing now . 
  edit : i 'm excluding the nazi 's of course . 
  haarlem is better looking than most cities . 
  i recently went there and it is so much more attractive than amsterdam . 
  [ juuuust fine . 
  those count especially !, 
  i got stomped in most of my fights because i never start to get physical myself and i 'm down on the ground - hit on the head or tackled - before i know what is going on .
