  so what if breivik supported him ? 
  does that make wilders a terrorist too ? 
  i remember wilders calling breivik a dangerous moron if i remember correctly . 
  not that he had to do that , wilders has nothing to do with breivik . 
  you can not distance yourself from something you have nothing to do with . 
  merkel and her party would n't call themselves leftist either , but lets be reasonable . 
  http://www.nltimes.nl/2016/03/17/isis-planning-attacks-in-europe-says-dutch-counter-terror-boss/ i can probably find an interview in which he says it on camera , if you are still not convinced . 
  except he deliberately told his followers to ** peacefully ** resist . 
  you leftist would like to continue and ignore problems like you 've done for so long but that wo n't do anymore . 
  it 's too bad there is no translation of his speech available because it was epic and he basically destroyed the entire legitimacy of the accusations against him . 
  he does n't need to distance himself from it because his speech and policies have nothing to do with breivik and refugee assaulters . 
  he is a popular politician , if he had to distance himself from every petty little thing he would n't have time to sleep left . 
  wow , you are true to your username !, 
  knock people out of boats ? 
  holy shit !, 
  well i. . you 'd never ... you may have won this battle but not the war !, 
  well back than we did n't know you good enough to decide if you were beneficial to us . 
  we want to , but the thing is ; no one wants limburg . 
  do you really think slavery was still allowed at the time the colonies gained independence ? 
  colonies were prosperous and were modernised even before that . 
  it was totally unnecessary to make them independent . 
  this has nothing to do with slavery . 
  then why did you do it ? 
  i 'm curious about the otherside of the story . 
  i think many of the inhabitants of former colonies have fond memories of these times as well . 
  considering western powers ensured stability and growth in the regions unlike their current governments . 
  `` the bad white men '' may be gone but they gained a lot of problems with their independence . 
  the source is the spokesman , it was just powned that happened to have it on tape . 
  i agree that rutger is n't playing fair but i think it is clear what the spokesmans says . 
  people call me a liar but what i say is actually true and said by hema itelf in an interview . 
  i 'm just a bit annoyed that 's all . 
  except that hema admits to replacing the word for pc reasons in this interview : http://www.powned.tv/overpowned/aankondiging_studio_powned/2016/03/vrolijk_voorjaar.html, 
  it is true and people are rightfully pissed off , stop lying please . 
  you 've clearly missed the interview with the hema hq have n't you ? 
  i 've actually read the bible ( not that it matters ) and these were the words of hema itself . . 
  i wish i could say i am surprised , i wish . . 
  unfortunately big dutch companies like hema are doing something similar ; replacing words like easter eggs with `` hiding eggs '' just so they do n't offend a certain minority . 
  i see you call pegida racist , which is quite hurtful to me as i 've always liked and supported them . 
  not only is it hurtful , it is preposterous , they are far from racist . 
  being anti-islamic does not equal to being racist , muslims are not a race . 
  it is the media and mainstream political parties that want you to think they are racist to prevent them from becoming influential . 
  you are filled with idealism but let me tell you that that is exactly like it sounds , idealism . 
  you can not realise these ideas , it will only make things worse if you ignore the current problems and call organisations like pegida racist . 
  germany is many years behind compared to countries like holland and france regarding these issues . 
  to me it seems germany is so afraid to be compared to nazi germany it will just do anything in order to prove they 've changed , even 70 years afterwards , which is insane . 
  to me your post is prove that germany still has a long way to go and you deserve what you got yourself into . 
  i do not say this because i hate germany in any way , the contrary , i wish you the best . 
  it is just that germany brought this upon itself . 
  why would it be problematic to deny climate change ? 
  everyone knows it is true but man made impact on it is arguable . 
  even if you disagree with this it is not like germany is not very green already and there are more pressing matters at hand at the moment . 
  this mess may not effect you greatly on short-term but it adds up on the long-term problems . 
  if you still vote for merkel just because you do n't think the afd is green enough to name a thing then , i 'm sorry to say so , you are a fool . 
  i know afd is not politcally mature yet and there is still a long road ahead before they are but i still think a vote for them would do better than one for merkel . 
  they may not win but they may at least force her to reconsider her policies . 
  we had the exact same situation in holland 10 years ago but ` our ' afd has matured a lot since than . 
  all you have to do is have faith and let time do the rest . 
  i know you are sarcastic but to be honest his point is still valid . 
  merkel still scores best in polls regardless her insane refugee policy . 
  germans have themselves to thank for this mess just like any other democratic country with a shit government . 
  did you just call the higher clergy sociopathic ? 
  you are n't even trying to be reasonable . . you are probably just jealous because you do n't have a legitimate excuse to wear a silly hat . 
  cheers to that !, 
  iberian sayings seem to be the winners today !, 
  not a specific one , most of my knowledge is from books . 
  you can use the internet for confirmation . 
  now you are just playing dirty , using the highest estimates for hitler and the lowest for stalin . 
  i should note that some sources suggest stalin is responsible for as much as 60 ( ! ), 
  million deaths . 
  modern estimates go around 20 . 
  no , not really . 
  holocaust was heavy but 20 million is way too much , you should check your sources . 
  it 's not debated , it 's a fact that stalin is responisble for more deaths than hitler . 
  edit : keyword in your claims is `` may '' . 
  studies that suggest that the actual number of deaths was twice as high are very debatable , twice the number is quite a claim you see . 
  which amount is still frighteningly low . 
  i have claimed no such thing . 
  you just simply do n't need to be a genius to see stalin was insane and ruthless . 
  oh i recognised your name just now , this convo all makes sense now . 
  i did n't imply you to take it literally , i only think it to be equally ridiculous . 
  stalinism is even more destructive than nazism if you look at the stats . 
  it 's insane to glorify a pyschopathic mass murderer like stalin , whether you think it 's `` interesting '' or not . 
  well if he did n't he did a damn fine job at it regardless !, 
  i do n't get it . . 
  the average russian is religious right ? 
  the communist party outlawed religion and enslaved it 's own population . 
  as a result the west is light years ahead economically and socially and the russians are grateful for this ? 
  this is like the jews thanking hitler for his years of service , messed up . 
  just why ? 
  africa is messed up regardless religion unfortunately . 
  we should be ashamed of ourselves , not our ancestors . 
  all the political correct bullshit was n't there until a bit after ww2 when it all slowly started . 
  europe gives way too many fucks nowadays . 
  well you do n't actually study history , do you ? 
  i can tell . 
  friesland could never survive without us !, 
  you are destitute !, 
  no it is n't . 
  i was actually laughing while typing the sentence as i 've never thought i would use `` wilders '' and `` sophisticated '' in the same sentence . 
  found the rebellious teenager !,
