  i 'm against hedonism and gay sex counts as that . 
  murder is a serious thing , it is n't just something we as a society believe should be someones private business . 
  and poland is a catholic country and is thus making catholic laws . 
  atheists still enjoy a lot freedom ; it is not like they are forced to fast and go to church , that much is still very much their own choice . 
  i compared abortion to murder . 
  and hedonism is something the church has fought against since it 's beginning . 
  sex just for fun is lust thus is hedonism . 
  but catholicism is entirely different from islam . 
  if one man tries to murder a stranger it is n't your business either but you will still try to stop it from happpening , right ? 
  could you eleborate ? 
  and look what that has brought us ; multiculturalism !, 
  i despise multiculturalism because it only causes tension between groups and could easily be prevented if we had certain rules for everyone . 
  when used correctly by the government , religion can ensure stability and happiness . 
  western countries allow chaos to take over like we are witnessing right now with the migrant flow into europe . 
  because catholics know how their ideal society looks like and will try and continue to create it , just like atheists . 
  imagine you had a strong believe in god and genuinely believed abortion is murder , would n't you try to stop it ? 
  rape is horrible and i completely understand why women would n't want to give birth to a rape baby but you have to understand that this child has n't done anything wrong . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  incest is the hardest one but i still think people should take their chances in such cases . 
  i understand that women can feel repressed by these rules but we ca n't help it that men are n't able to give birth . 
  we must encourage men to support and respect women to the fullest when they carry such a burden . 
  life is n't fair sometimes and that is why we should try to prevent these things from happening as much as possible . 
  i for one would fully support castration as punishment for rapists . 
  this way they probably wo n't do it again and would-be rapists will think twice about it . 
  but such things are n't possible yet , which is a shame . 
  i appreciate that , thanks . 
  you can have a good relationship without sex otherwise all the old people , who have little to no sex at all anymore , would divorce . 
  in fact if you are young and you succeed in building a great marriage without sex until you are in your late 20ies , the chances of divorce only decrease i reckon . 
  and i still disagree . 
  if you do n't want to raise the child of your rapist , which is understandable , you can put your child up for adoption . 
  if you have an incest baby there is still a big chance it will be healthy . 
  and it is possible to save the mothers life with the church 's blessing . 
  it is hard but not impossible to have many children . 
  but none of that is in the bible . 
  you may not care about the bible but i do . 
  i live in an atheist country of which i dislike many things like gay pride events . 
  i 'm fine with one being gay but i rather not have them shoving their privates in my face , figuratively speaking . 
  i also disagree with how sex ed is given , sure it is important but i rather see them promote chastity than condoms . 
  but i will not be hostile to my society as i know i am a minority and i must respect the majority . 
  it is unfortunate that atheists , wherever they go demand respect for their way of life almost as much as muslims do . 
  otherwise you will talk trash about countries as poland and that it is none of our ( catholic ) business to say how you must live your life . 
  i do not demand your respect nor your willingness , i only want atheists to acknowledge the religious way of life as much as the atheist one . 
  a religious country has just as much right to impose their laws as atheist countries have rights to impose theirs . 
  the catholic church is n't that radical anyway for your standards so it is n't that hard for atheists to adjust themselves . 
  you do have child welfare in poland , it was just introduced !, 
  it is not , it is just that i do n't support it . 
  why are you so hostile ? 
  point taken but they also did n't have child welfare and were n't as rich . 
  you wo n't be rich but you can afford them . 
  my village was very poor 70 years ago but the average family had 8 children . 
  islamic terrorism is real and the west is suffering at the hands of islam , not to mention the polish have a history with islam . 
  they have grudges and fears . 
  europe could use some kids right now . 
  what a moronic comparison . 
  both black and gay people are born that way and there is nothing wrong with it . 
  but gays can choose to not have sex , did n't require that much thinking , did it ? 
  good lord , ca n't you think of this by your own ? 
  we are here arguing about poland in which a catholic party decided to change the law . 
  i wonder what the church has to do with it . 
  it was sarcasm , you smartass, 
  please learn about cathocilism before you take your own conclusions . 
  we believe sex is about both improving relationships and procreation . 
  seperation of these principles is not allowed by the church . 
  oh i know what lust is alright , i 'm not some a-sexual robot . 
  lust comes in many forms but i am mostly referring to lust as in `` sex just for the fun it '' . 
  sex is something we should honour and not just do because it feels good . 
  that is what seperates us from animals . 
  yes it is a law that is beneficial to the church but it could just be as much be as a secular law as a catholic one . 
  the sad fact is that secular parties do n't care about abortions . 
  and yes sharia may be religious law too but it is far more barbaric . 
  communism is secular too but not comparable to our current society in europe is it ? 
  i may be young but i 'm not stupid . 
  your lack of respect is not surprising but it is annoying so please work on that . 
  my opinion is based on carefully studied conclusions of my own . 
  the church views abortion as a murder so it does n't really matter if you are catholic or not as murder is n't acceptable . 
  there is more in life than just sex and i feel bad for you if sex plays such a big role in your social life . 
  besides , i 'm not even 20 yet , there is plenty of time for me to build a relationship . 
  wow you are ill informed about the church . . 
  i have nothing against homosexuals , i wish them best . 
  i do have something against homosexual sex however as it is purely based on lust . 
  i would n't screw around with anyone i would n't want to have a baby with . 
  hedonism is another part of our society that i disagree with . 
  well it certainly is n't a duck , now is it ? 
  wow you obviously never witnessed sharia law or you would n't have made that awful comparison . 
  also , anti-abortion does n't necessarily have to be an religious argument either . 
  poles voted for a catholic party so they get catholic laws . 
  the church has been anti-abortion from the beginning and that is why they are doing it . 
  rest assured i doubt the bishops had anything to do with it . 
  it is a lot better than what we have , thats for sure . 
  how is destroying a growing human inside your body not murder ? 
  again you are justfying the unjustifiable . 
  this is a person , another being different from its mother and father . 
  it does n't take a genius to see this is murder . 
  they are bishops , did you expect them to come with secular and complicated arguments ? 
  they have the bible and the ccc to reference to , they do the reasoning for them . 
  that is always the case . 
  look at the horseshoe model and you 'll see that far right parties are closer to communism than right winged parties . 
  but your skin is not a human is it ? 
  it is just part of you that will restore itself eventually . 
  human life is n't based on opinion , it is based on facts .
