  most of the time it is just their lack of knowledge about the church what caused it . 
  the church asks for mental and physical discipline and that is something people do n't like nowadays , they rather chose the easy way . 
  that is why they take hedonist lifestyles . 
  well your believe was n't strong enough anyway if little things like this make you leave something so beautiful . 
  my guess is also that you do n't know the slightest thing about the bible and never even heard of something called `` the catechism '' . 
  you do n't know the church and yet you criticise , fan-tas-tic . 
  yet you are not alone , the world is full of `` look-at-how-enlightened-and-progressive-i-am '' atheists/agnosts , special little snowflakes , every single one of you !, 
  you allowed yourself to get deluded by moderism and now view the church as `` backwards '' while in reality it is you who is overly tolerant . 
  prove that protestant churches are just a sad excuse for heretical practises . 
  the bible clearly opposes gay marriage . 
  edit : you can downvote me all you want but that does n't mean it is n't true . 
  oh yes , ukraine is a bulwark of enlightened thinking , freedom and tolerance . 
  how stupid of me to not see this !, 
  you realise that if we would be to stop subsidies and just allow all ukranians to freely move in all these countries we would get a huge amount of jobless people ? 
  it would certainly boost the ukranian economy but it would crash ours . 
  just like most of the turks the ukrainian people are destitute , badly educated and their standards do not meet european ones . 
  like i said : nationalism , racism and corruption should not be allowed in the eu , they are not ready yet . 
  i do not know from which country you are but do you have any idea how much money it would cost europe , especially countries like holland , germany and france ? 
  an insane amount of cash , ukraine is on the brink of bankruptcy . 
  exactly , but people here like to pretend ukraine is completely innocent . 
  the eu has no business in ukraine and it is about time we stop playing world police . 
  it was not the russian government that did it , although they were at fault afterwards when they just plainly denied everything . 
  one of the victims lives in the same town as me and i still remember the whole situation well . 
  i wo n't let blind hate lead me , i like to see myself as a rational person . 
  what the rebels and russia did that day was wrong but ukraine is certainly no saint ; racism , corruption and nationalism still have a steady hold on the people and their leaders . 
  people are victimising ukraine , pathetic really . . 
   `` the same census shows that russians comprised 58.32 % of the population , ukrainians 24.32 % , crimean tartars 12.1 % , byelorussians 1.4 % , tartars 0.54 % , armenians 0.43 % , jews 0.22 % , greeks 0.15 % . 
  few in number but still visible in their culture are karaites and kymchaks . 
  about 77 % of crimeans claim russian as their native language . '', 
  really , 50-50 ? 
  russia is the big brainwashing enemy around here but the eu , especially in the east has some epic propaganda too it seems . 
  ukraine is ruled by ultra right-winged nationalists . 
  the people in crimea are mostly russian by language and ethnicity . 
  they were glad russia annexed them and i can not blame them . 
  i get this sub is pro-eu and i am not saying russians are the ` good guys ' but really sometimes people do n't have the least bit of sympathy . 
  yes , indeed i just hope they do n't overdo it or putin might get desperate . 
  desperate men do desperate things . 
  is this volcano still dangerous ? 
  if i remember right it 's eruptions has killed many people in the past . 
  both facists and anti-facists are facists . 
  syria was also a stones throw away from turkey when they shot the russians down . 
  turkey is doing the same to greece , i just think it is hypocritical . 
  also , russia was fighting isis and never had any intention at all to bomb turkey , so i do n't get what the big deal is . 
  sure it may be annoying but to shoot it out of the air ? 
  turkey not only endangered themselves with risk of war by their actions but also the entire nato , i for one am not willing to die because turkey fucked up . 
  this sub is swarmed with eastern europeans and turks , they hate russia too much to be taken seriously . 
  the most stupid things are being said here and even upvoted , really sad when rational thinking dies . 
  if we all just gun down every damn aircraft that crossed our border every nation in the world would either hate or war each other . 
  stop being childish and try to stay realistic . 
  i mourn every death that was completely unneccesary , this was one of them . 
  this was backstabbing and a war crime . 
  i ca n't believe people here actually support a publical isis supporter and a muslim extremist like erdogan . 
  i 'm just surprised he has n't declared war already , i mean he has been humiliated . 
  does he really think things like this will restore his image ? 
  have you people lost your mind , how can you upvote this ? 
  this pilot died for god 's sake , you are all heartless !, 
  maybe they still exist because they were destitute , i mean why would you annex a poor region ? 
  some argue that 's the reason why the umayyads left asturias alone and why the english gave up upon the american independence war . 
  that may be but now that they work together they ca n't just simply say : `` thanks for the help but now isis has been dealt with we hate you again . '', 
  that is not how this works . 
  by doing this france has recognised the legitimacy of the regime . 
  i still remember the days people said the entire middle east was a mess with turkey being the exception . 
  sorry for my ignorance but what happened ? 
  why and how did erdogan become popular ? 
  probably the reason why erdogan is so popular , they only see the things he wants them to see . 
  i pity turks like you who suffer because of the ignorance of your countrymen and women . 
  i would n't call nato anti-regime , recent events have proven otherwise , france even cooperates with assad . 
  and you are right about there being a bigger problem , but they should put these things aside until isis has been dealt with . 
  but if the rumours of turkey 's support to isis are true , it is very worrisome . 
  erdogan is a very dangerous man , in my opinion even more dangerous than putin . 
  i thought that was strange as well . 
  i always thought turks would feel more asian/middle eastern than european . 
  the overwhelming amount of turks here , proves i was wrong . 
  i do not trust both countries but if i had to choose it would be russia . 
  i think it 's nuts that people here approve of turkey shooting down airfcrafts that just slightly pass their borders . 
  both sides are fighting isis , is n't that what this is about ? 
  i think turkey 's attack is heavily exaggerated and for once agree with putin . 
  zanger rinus is definitely depressing , good job . 
  yeah , not gon na happen . 
  do n't want it to happen too , you know they have nuclear bombs and all . . 
  many scientists agree that man-made influence is definitely true but far too little to be a serious threat . 
  edit : ironic that people here are all about science and how it is so important ( which it is ) but when someone gives them scientific facts they do n't like they downvote . 
  i do not agree with this . 
  i believe sex should but allowed to strenghten a relationship , not for pure lust . 
  i also think condoms must be used to control the world population and believe the vatican is utterly blind and not realistic enough about these things . 
  ca n't remember the pope calling for the people to kill gays . 
  actually a lot of catholics are gay , it is allowed . 
  it is only forbidden to have gay sex . 
  funny story actually . . spain and portugal were the first european nations to start slave trading after centuries . 
  literally everwhere else in the world people had slaves except for europe . 
  because of the arab conquest of al-andalus the spanish and portuguese grew accostomed to slave trade . 
  for them it was pretty normal to continue this after the arabs were gone . 
  other nations like france , the dutch republic and great britain were opposed to this at first . 
  church leaders condemned slavery and the dutch released slaves when capturing portuguese ships . 
  even plays of that time spoke of the barbarism of the iberians . 
  but when the dutch colonized the americas too they soon found that these colonies could not make money without slaves . 
  they had to chose between money and morals and well . . you know how that worked out . 
  point is that you are wrong , the church did condemn slavery . 
  search on google for bartholomeus las casas, 
  old testament us not there to be taken literally , even monks en priests argue this .
