not the flairs ; your attitude, 
  breaking news : race card used , due to my flair . 
  that 's some r/worldnews level stuff, 
  completely objective comment there / s, 
  well good . 
  it means the bad blood is mostly political at least . 
  well not really funny , but story . 
  when the secular republic was declared the turkish language foundation went on a crusade ( jihad ? 
  lol ) against arabic words . 
  there 's still a lot but they removed a lot and replaced them with turkish words . 
  even made up some words actually . 
  but they left the persian words alone because they were integrated well and culturally respected . 
  i guess we 're your version of persians then . 
  a blast of culture from the east . 
  cool , 
  i do n't know if there 's many actually . 
  the problem is our language is so corrupted by farsi and arabic , historically speaking , and within the last century by french and very recently english . 
  so it would be hard for us to tell . 
  to give you an example , when we 're speaking english and someone uses a word with a - quette like etiquette , you can distinctly tell it sounds foreign ( french ) . 
  in turkish , so many word are loaned that its hard to even tell whats farsi/arabic and not turkish . 
  most foreign words get turkified so it would be near impossible to know whats slavic without knowing one of those languages . 
  i 'm glad linguistic ties still keep us close though , friend . 
  you can remove kebab but not our words :d, 
  if all the `` good people '' of syria had stayed and not fled , maybe there would be a decent rebel group . 
  the whole problem is that the people who defected from the syrian army just ran immediately . 
  apparently that theory has been discredited . 
  this just made my day . 
  haha . 
  is the turkish form btw, 
  reference ? 
  just ww1 or am i missing something ? 
  tengri lives on, 
  it might seem like a matter of grammar however their is a difference between turkey being * in europe * vs turkey being * european * . 
  turkey is the former , not the latter . 
  well good !, 
  at least one of our neighbors isnt paranoid about us invading . 
  is n't there bad blood from times of the russian empire for poles and polish empire for ukrainians ? 
  has that been overcome yet or no ? 
  are you sure ? 
  the bulgaria-turkey/greece border was set to be a main frontline in the balkans if the cold war got hot . 
  he 's saying non syrians are saying they 're syrian and or using the situation there to justify their entry . 
  very crudely . 
  nation-state : turks are strong . 
  long live turkey , turkish only language of the country . 
  civic nationalism : more akin to western europeans ; pride in the country rather than ethnic group, 
  the ottoman bureaucracy was notoriously oversized/inefficient . 
  they could find you a position just fine . 
  remember they were likely educated and skilled more than your average ottoman citizen . 
  it 's not like they just tossed them out i feel like ( not sure about it tho tbh ), 
  terrible thing to do . 
  slavery is slavery , there is no questioning this , yet being converted into soldiers who possibly ended up in the highest class of society is way less severe compared to what is does to christian women , for example . 
  i thought i was the only one who did that ; posting a shorter comment than thinking `` hmm i could 've elaborated further , '' and editing it extensively . 
  lol . 
  i agree with most of what you 're saying . 
  i think you misunderstood me as saying `` the solution is nationalism , '' where as i meant nationalism as a stage of development that is n't the end but a means to it . 
  most of the west and other developed countries went through a stage of nationalism . 
  the important point to avoiding the ills of nationalism , as you laid out , is that this nationalism morphs into patriotism/civic-nationalism . 
   i do n't like islamism either and i 'm much more comfortable around a nationalist . 
  but i also try to think in an open-minded way , but considering facts before emotions . 
  emotionally i hate islamism . 
  rationally , nationalism has done far more evil to this world than islamism . 
  but you can reason with a nationalist and use diplomacy/interests to protect yourself . 
  islamism is blind . 
  if their book says `` do this '' , according to their interpretation , get ready for jihad . 
  think about it like this . 
  if isis was instead of a radical islamist/takfiri group more like a radical nationalist group , they would have sued for peace possibly , would be negotiating a deal , or maybe recognized independent . 
  instead we have isis , brutal and unable to be spoken to/reasoned with . 
  the ottoman empire was the caliphate in the muslim world for 300/400 + years , yeah ? 
  the ottoman empire had plenty of minorities that , sure they were taxed , but they lived and prospered no problem . 
  in the initial days of the empire 's reach into europe , actually christian minority groups like lutherans were better off in the ottoman empire where they 'd be treated like any other christian whereas in those days there was still christian-christian discrimination in the rest of europe . 
  sure shit went down real bad in the 100 year collapse of the empire , but groups like greeks/armenians were fine throughout most of the empire 's reign from a religious ( not nationalistic ) sense . 
  then the wahhabis came around in the mid 1800s if i recall correctly , saying that the ottomans were not muslim enough . 
  the rise of wahhabism even in those early stages provided steam for arab and particular gulf uprisings against turkish rule . 
  declaring the sultan an illegitimate caliph was the work of puritanical islamic movements . 
  islam was more progressive back in those days . 
  wahhabis upped the stakes if you will by telling everyone , `` well yeah ? 
  i 'm way more muslim than you . 
  see where it says do n't listen to music ? 
  fuck music , i do n't even listen to music anymore . '', 
  even non-wahhabi sects have been drawn backwards hundreds of years in their mentality due to the salafi ( orthodox ) influence . 
  even in secular turkey , the insult/joke of calling someone `` gavur '' or sort-of like infidel/foreigner remains and even isolated quranic/hadith versus can be interpreted as very hateful . 
  the distaste was always among the more conservative segments of islamic society , however , this recent illegitimate call to jihad against the west and non-sunnis in general is a making of wahhabis . 
  promoted by the islamic state itself , saudi arabia , sending its imams all over the world to indoctrinate other muslims and pumping subjectively worded qurans into schools for free . 
  well you could very bluntly and roughly describe political development as a continuum . . tribalism/regionalism/monarchy ( arab world ) -  nation-state ( nationalism/where turkey is ) -  territorial state/civic nationalism/pluralism ( most of the west ) --  ??? 
  lol . 
  we 'll see about that . 
  i 'm not a big `` proletariat will rise ! '', 
  kind of guy . 
  obviously it never works perfectly linearly like that and that 's a broad/huge generalization . 
  _____________ so . . i 'd take nationalism over what 's going on in the middle east anyday . 
  at least the idea `` we 're all syrians !, 
  long live syria ! '', 
  would stop people from mass murdering each other , in theory . 
  i think they 're blaming the recent uptick on germany . 
  because of promising aid/settlement . 
  but honestly ? 
  germany made this statement that they would take people in because someone had to take pressure off italy and greece before the situation there got too bad . 
  the people taking blame should be the other countries in the eu who refused to shoulder some of the load , forcing germany to act unilaterally . 
  turkey is paying for its own camps mate, 
  if turkey is n't a better future than living in syria , these people are being picky .
