  however , tolerance towards groups like lutherans by non-lutheran states was introduced to europe by the turks https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protestantism_and_islam#mutual_tolerance, 
   combat readiness in the local area ? 
  yes combat readiness overall ? 
  combat readiness is n't local or regional or global . 
  it 's an operational thing . 
  the whole military is combat ready . 
  france and uk really can only project power against defenseless countries . 
  i doubt even france could invade even egypt without a massive mobilization , for example . 
  ohhh . 
  well , obama made him apologize . 
  obama ca n't make putin do shit right now, 
  the only thing we have to brag about in ww1 is gallipoli and defending baku against the russian/armenian onslaught , just for a little bit of time though . 
  other than that , yeah , ww1 sucked for us . 
  at least we found atat\u00fcrk cuz of it !, 
  definitely . 
  poland is my favorite eu country by now , besides italy . 
  but italy is geopolitically not existent right now . 
  turkish-polish anti-russian alliance ? 
  * crosses fingers *, 
  oh it 's definitely ridiculous . 
  if you 're interested in the discussions on this topic , i invite you to / r/syriancivilwar ( yes there 's idiots there too ) if you 're not already subscribed . 
  they 're exaggerating it but i think they 're point is just to say , russia , you 're really not in that good of a social or economic situation to act like you 're big and strong . 
  lol . 
  party like it 's chechnya 1995 !, 
  netanyahu is a bigger player in the mid east than putin is . 
  do n't underestimate israel . 
  none of these have anything to do with the balance of power with turkey and russia . 
  you did n't even respond to anything he said . 
  this conversation went like this . . `` turkey has such and such advantage . . '' `` well , no one likes turkey so . . '', 
  lol fuck no . 
  erdo might be bigger but putin is way tougher . 
  if we 're going to send a politician forward as our `` champion '' , i vote for saffet sancakl\u0131 lol . 
  kgb agent training vs loud , motivated turkish dirty fighter . 
  good matchup it 's always small turkish dudes who are getting into ( and winning ) fights somehow . 
  we simply did n't have the manpower . 
  really nothing to brag about on russia 's part , the ottoman military ruling triumvirate really never shouldve pushed the country into the first world war . 
  behind who ? 
  after the us , turkey is easily # 2 in combat readiness . 
  we 've had our military mobilized for decades . 
  have conventional experience in 1974 vs cyprus , anti-terror experience against pkk , nato ops , and have conducted large incursions into n iraq . 
  number 2 in size . 
  yes a lot of the western european countries may have more quality due to being fully professional and some with bigger economies . 
  but out of those countries , only us , france , uk really have big enough militaries for that qualitative edge to matter . 
  see , that 's the real sanction russia * can enact against turkey * . 
  turkish men might die without the annual import of russian women . 
  we have a [ historical weakness ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roxelana ) for slavic women ... 
   courtesy of the turkish republic . 
  `` republic of turkey '' - your friend , selahattin demirta\u015f, 
  turkey has far greater military power than germany * and is significantly larger than the qualitatively-better uk . 
  turkey is probably tied for # 3 in nato , strength-wise . 
  * germany at its current level of military commitment . 
  germany would be by far # 2 in nato if they actually remilitarized, 
   especially if you believe the russian version . 
  only if you believe it . 
  and that 's a big if . 
  regardless of `` overreaction '' or `` unfriendly '' , any country can down any military plane that enters its airspace illegally . 
  it 's just a matter if they feel like dealing with the consequences , but you 're still in the right . 
  super surprising , that it 's the serb irrationally defending russia 's stupid actions . . god help the russian people . 
  the western empire collapsed hundreds of years before byzantium . 
  the western empire collapsing is what brought about the dark ages . 
  the muslims even had to show middle age europeans how to bathe and not leave their shit in the streets . 
  sure europe is way more advanced now , but let 's not underestimate the damage europeans did to themselves prior to the renaissance, 
   why do you think turkey was the only nato member who didnt put sanctions on russia for our anexation of crimea ? 
  because those were sanctions by the eu and the world police ( usa ) . 
  also , if you understand economics ( which you do n't , more so speaking to others on the sub ) , sanctions are mostly financial in nature . 
  turkey ca n't enact financial sanctions on russia for obvious reasons . 
  trade sanctions/embargos are usually an archaic sanction technique that the west did n't use on russia , notice russia had to use trade restrictions . 
   why hasnt erdogan react when we arrest your own businessmen ? 
  what 's he going to do , arrest the russian businesswomen * in turkey ? 
  haha . 
  maybe he 's thinking with the other head ...  we 're also your number 2 gas customer . 
  and the oil and energy price crunch is biting in . 
  it 's your choice , but get ready for people to start starving in that shithole . 
  it was the germans who collapsed the roman empire . 
  errr ... 
  most of turkey-russia trade is money flowing to russia . 
  so if you cut it off , russia is hurt more . 
  that 's how that works . 
  not really . 
  they just changed the rules of engagement and only acted when syrian aircraft strayed into turkish airspace . 
  emotional and unfitting would have been turkey entering syrian airspace to retaliate . 
  sadly , the government actually built a lot of infrastructure and was willing to spend a lot to develop the area . 
  the most devastating thing to me is that the local kurds can not benefit from this because of the pkk , i do n't mean this in a pro-turk or anti-kurd way at all . 
  whether you agree with the pkk or not , it 's destroyed economic development simply due to the security situation and pressure on locals to cooperate with pkk or cooperate with the government . 
  lol , the irony is that europe recovered all the great roman and greek writings from arabic , after dark age europe lost them . 
  an eye for an eye leaves everyone blind . 
  on a philosophical level this is in line with my human values . 
  but if there are no consequences or retaliation for violent actions , how is one to deter them ? 
  his blood is on the commanders hands that sent him into turkish air space , not the turkish pilots . 
  turkey ( a ) does n't have the activation codes and ( b ) they 're airdropped tactical nukes , not icbms that are gon na deter western powers effectively, 
  rebels not separatists, 
   let me point out that kurds were massacred on several occasions looong time ago . 
  next pkk-apology please, 
  very biased . 
  well . 
  you could argue against that use of article v too . . 
  precisely why article v is n't applicable ; technically france attacked first . 
  so it 's kind of odd . 
  white people think you 're non-white . 
  they do n't know how to express this , especially because many are n't very culturally aware .
