  what they * want to say * is that you 're non-european . 
  so if they 're saying `` oh this friend group is diverse , we have a white kid , an asian kid , and a brown * kid , '' they 're really trying to establish that there 's a difference between you and that my parents are foreign and not from europe either . 
  it 's more because white and non-white in the united states , culturally , has been a non-scientific `` us vs them '' thing left over from slavery . 
  here 's the weird thing . 
  browns kid love calling me brown more than white kids . 
  you can tell white kids know their terminology is off when they try to call me `` brown '' but do n't have a better descriptor . 
  indian-american kids feel so defined by people describing them as brown yet they also , due to some caste system-remnanants in their culture even here , they feel degraded by it . 
  to add to this , a lot of them are hindus who do n't like muslims . 
  so the idea that i could be non-european and muslim and be called `` white '' drives them to call me brown as if to say `` i cant be white you cant either '' . 
  from my experience growing up here , you 're going to be considered brown regardless of the color of your skin or background . 
  as a turk i do n't think i 'm brown at all but they see some middle eastern facial features or a little bit of tan in you , assume you 're muslim then -- bang -- brown kid over there . 
  you should come back and read this post and feel really smart when france actually does n't invade syria/iraq, 
  in general , yes this is a great idea . 
  however , it would n't have helped in this specific case since turkey would n't be a part of a pan-eu intelligence agency . 
  you do know saudi arabia 's military is a sham right ? 
  they 're terrible . 
  their pilots are just rich peoples ' sons and they have no idea how to fight . 
  they do n't even want to fight . 
  they 're just buying these weapons to secure business interests, 
   training for the kurds there isnt a faction called `` the kurds '' . 
  you 're talking about 6 or so armed groups who claim to be `` the kurds '' who dont always get along . 
  more often then not they do n't actually get along, 
  turkey hates the pkk and kck-aligned kurds . 
  not `` the kurds '', 
   pnl is the opposition . 
  their electorate is made up of more educated people and people who are fed up with psd . 
  they are largely incompetent , but to their defense they never have a categoric majority , so they have to make all sort of shady alliances and compromises to govern . 
  sounds like our opposition, 
  rota ? 
  nato ? 
  well obviously turkey is in later , but beyond that . 
  turkey has had to fight the pkk but not only that , conduct major air , land , and combined arms maneuvers regularly . 
  at a scale far larger than any individual nato countries ' . 
  cyprus as well was an interstate war to add to the mix, 
  turkey 's land army is bigger and much more combat experienced than any in europe . 
  lol, 
  i 'm pretty sure the armies of mainland europe would n't be sufficient to push turkey anywhere unless there was a full mobilization or help from the us . 
  which there wo n't be . 
  that literally just happened ... 
  the war has been going on for 5 + years . 
  most of that is n't even going to turkey !, 
  it 's going to other eu countries !!, 
  how can you post this with a straight face . 
  did you read the article ? 
  immigration = / = refugees, 
  i did n't say not letting them in . 
  once they 're in hungary , you think hungary gives a damn if they go elsewhere ? 
  poland participated pretty actively and visibly in invading iraq . 
  iraq destabilized the whole region . 
  should i continue ... ? 
  hey man , i like poland 's increased assertiveness in european security issues , thats not what i 'm criticizing . 
  but this is n't * completely our problem * . 
  definitely more so turkey 's problem . 
  but not our problem to the point where we have 100x the refugees of most european countries . 
  dude . 
  turkey is paying for the vast majority of the refugees itself . 
  turkey has spent billions and it 's only recently that the eu agreed in principal ( do n't think any activity has happened yet ) to help fund turkey 's efforts . 
  any decent neighbor ? 
  oh yeah , we should invite all the syrians to turkey because they burned down their country . 
  that 's definitely our responsibility to cover for . 
  turkey is hosting the most refugees in the world right now . 
  literally , screw off . 
  how are we flooding the eu with refugees . . 
  there is literally no country , not even eu ones , who are really successfully stopping them from moving on . 
  they might be stopped at the country 's borders they 're trying to enter but their country of current location is n't holding them . 
  please stay !, 
  we have ~ 2.5 million syrians already , it would really break our hearts to see you go to europe !, 
  not including a clause in the constitution saying `` erdo\u011fan is king , erdo\u011fan is caliph . '', 
  apparently , as a bit of good news , davuto\u011flu has been talking about this as well . 
  they were never pro kurdish . 
  just were trying to create an islamist-kurd alliance to help erdo change the constitution, 
  you 're still not understanding that liberal is just a relative term . 
  you 're continuing to fail to distinguish liberal and liberal . 
  the word liberal itself just means pro-change/reform with a bit of a progressive connotation . 
  liberal ( ism ) is a political ideology . 
  free-marketism , pro-freedoms , etc. . so while chp is liberal in that they want change and are anti-status quo , they 're not liberalists . 
  they 're social democrats . 
  theyre liberal not liberal . 
  i 'd say they 're pan islamist rather than nationalist in a conventional sense . 
  i 'm not saying they 're the same . 
  i 'm saying there 's literally both ypg and pkk fighting in syria, 
  i 'm not asking you to believe me . 
  i 'm just saying , if you try to do the research and look at confirmed attacks on the pyd/ypg , you will also find that this past couple of days ago was the first confirmed one . 
  go ahead dont believe me lol . 
  no like there 's regular pkk and ypg fighting side by side , separately and integrated, 
  they 've been operating there since the rojava revolution began during this war . 
  so for years welcome to syria . 
  if you have any questions check out r/syriancivilwar, 
  right but those people also have motivation to lie because their skin is in the game . 
  i do n't . 
  what do i gain by denying the attacks ? 
  i do n't care if the military hits pyd positions personally . 
  i do n't advocate it but i 'm not gon na go around denying a fact . 
  not really . 
  they 've been attacking the pkk , which does operate inside syria yes , on iraqi and turkish soil . 
  they 've been careful not to hit active anti-isis positions , to not piss off uncle sam i assume . 
  first time a confirmed attack happened was just a few days ago . 
  i see someone got downvoted below for also echoing this truth . 
  random ypg fighters ' statements are n't confirmed fact and should not be treated as such . 
  i have personally spoken to jordan matson ( ypg fighter ) saying that turkish soldiers have fired on him on the ground , however , it 's his word and i do n't believe it .
