  not that we want them all , so take your pick of them !, 
   most muslims consider their religion to come before their nationality . 
  next time a turk gets called a crazy nationalist , think that it could be worse lol . 
  you do n't just learn to drive/fly modern systems in a week . 
  people would have to be trained , logistics networks established , etc. . 
  there 's no way assad gets a new type of aircraft and starts using it , without russians being on the ground maintaining them and russians flying them . 
  that 's what i 've always thought too but how did the crescent and star get into minarets then ? 
  in theory but they 're so underfunded that most european countries are n't combat ready, 
  casually waiting on a greek to say turkey . 
  say it damnit . 
  our food , culture , dances , song especially on turkey west coast are very similar . 
  were your guilty pleasure love you too greece, 
  that 's exactly what the title says . 
  you are n't making a point you 're stating the obvious, 
  ah , got ta love conspiracy theorists, 
  i do this in turkey a lot . 
  ca n't get into a bar ? 
  speak perfect english and pretend to not know turkish, 
  at that point , you got ta give her the d, 
  haha no . 
  it 's to be expected , all the famous cool people from our history are generals basically . 
  we do have some great scholars , architects , and writers but they 're not very known outside of turkey mainly due to the language/culture barrier . 
  definitely not a kebab conspiracy . 
  georgians have the coolest alphabet . 
  your languages are completely intelligible yeah ? 
  kebabophobia edit : / s, 
  oh thanks til . 
  i would totally buy a slovakian car . 
  do it and i 'll be your guys ' first customer , it sounds exotic and it would be super cool here in the us . 
  your logic is terrible . 
  you 're comparing collateral damage to intended terrorist attacks . 
  im just gon na leave it there . 
  the suicide bombing in suru\u00e7 by isis was against a socialist youth group that included both kurds and mostly turks, 
  because the hdp has been incapable of even simply condemning the pkk . 
  just say it , words are cheap . 
  i was so hopeful about the hdp becoming `` an all of turkey '' party but they lack the courage to call the pkk terrorists . 
  all of this is based on everyone 's false hopes about the hdp being internally strong enough to condemn the pkk and move forward as the main negotiator to the peace process . 
  demirta\u015f is popular but apparently not enough to cut off and out leverage the pkk, 
  producing and designing/testing/corporate-side stuff/etc . . are a totally different game, 
  not all kurds are `` leftist pro-democratic '' like reddit/media would have you think . 
  especially in iraq/turkey , there are religious islamist kurds . 
  especially in turkey , where some do n't feel included in the national `` idea '' , many of hugged onto islam as their driving ideology . 
  so it 's natural that there are plenty of kurds in isis . 
  i mean , the point of isis is to not see things as ethnic groups vs ethnic groups , but muslims vs `` non-muslims '', 
  see , it 's funny , my parents are central anatolian so i 'm a little more tan and middle eastern than a lot of turks that would be in the united states , considering its mostly educated turks here . 
  so my friends knowing me as the only-turk they 've met , see my other turkish buddies and think that since they 're so white they do n't look turkish . 
  funny how the perception of turkey as a muslim country means that * we ca n't possibly be white * , but that 's a thing . 
  white ! = european . 
  turkish sounds pretty dope i think . 
  it 's cool hearing languages unrelated to other languages ( well besides other obscure turkic languages ) because when you hear , let 's say , danish , you 're like `` oh that 's cool . 
  sound kind of like german but different . '', 
  people hear me speak turkish for the first time and are like , `` woah , that does n't sound like allahu akbar '', 
  i think it 's just the artistic style from the ottoman period . 
  keep in mind , especially in the early times of the empire before it became more of a caliphate than a turkish state , the kurds/armenians/arabs in the empire were the darker peoples compared to the lighter balkaners/turks . 
  so i think it was just a weird racial distinguishment . 
  there are pretty white turks though , but i think you know this and were just curious why all of them were pale . 
  but still . 
  why are they contributing period ? 
  uk said they would n't to the bailout . 
  or is the bridge loan funded by a separate institution ? 
  well we do have the < insert cliche  oldest military marching band . 
  they 're pretty good , and there 's a wide assortment of them . 
  great lifting music , if you 're the gym type lol . 
  * shit , i do n't know if i can get 10 reps at this weight ... 
  but i cant fail the empire * check out the old army march . 
  sorry , ca n't pull up the link but its called `` ey \u015fanl\u0131 ordu ey \u015fanl\u0131 asker '' ( oh glorious army oh glorious soldier ) . 
  it 's another good one and i think it was ** the ** official one , but it went out of the style during republic-secularist times because it yells allahu-ekber a couple of times lol . 
  i do n't know if this is just us playing up our own conquests , but the joke in turkey at least is that balkan parents used to tell their kids '' * the turks are coming !, 
  * '' to get them to behave . 
  i kinda imagine people running inside to this sound in the background . 
  that 's actually a terrible mental image . 
  i like balkan people , i swear lol . 
  but it 's arabic-styled kebabs right ? 
  we make some legit stuff , not to talk trash . 
  i will admit , persians make just as good kebab , depending on your taste maybe better . 
  but yo , turkish kebabs are where it 's at just saying . . 
  the loss often is n't temporary though . 
  because of climate change , greece and turkey 's terrain is at risk of going from arid-mediterranean to a desert like situation . 
  because if you go to / r/syriancivilwar the initial reaction was `` turk/arab isil member slaughtered kurdish activists !!!! '', 
  turns out , most all of the victims were ethnic turkish socialists , killed by a kurdish isis member . 
  now that 's a twisted plot for you . 
  * the kurds are supporting isis !, 
  i ca n't speak for europe , but in the us we have a very serious cultural problem of referring to non-muslim terrorists in the media as gunman , shooters , killers , etc. . 
  if they 're terrorists , call them terrorists . 
  nah it 's not dangerous . 
  turkey is a really big country by european standards . 
  think about it like this . 
  my relatives in turkey always call us worried when hurricanes happen in like florida and i live in the north-east . 
  it 's so geographically separated that it 's not even a concern of ours . 
  same goes for things happening in south-eastern turkey . 
  all the places you want to go are far away anyways . 
  the `` police state '' is n't as bad as its made out to be , but there are things more worrisome that outsiders do n't see also so yea . 
  i almost joined in with some ottoman army marches . . then i imagined all the remove-kebab comments and thought better of that idea lol, 
  as a turk , it hurts me seeing things like this happen . 
  those forests often times never come back . 
  turkey and greece should get their shit straight and form a joint-response air team . 
  we have the exact same problem and so much more could be done if resources were pooled, 
  which sucks in a way because balkan/black sea/eastern european countries are much more alike each other than their relations suggest , yet each of these countries goes and makes friends with western countries and still dislikes each other i mean , how cool would it be if romania and turkey were large trade partners ? 
  history is the only thing blocking it . 
  seems like you guys dislike most of eastern europe .
