  turks are cypriots too, 
  not necessarily the mods ; but its mind-boggling how much criticism hungarians are taking for this refugee crisis . 
  i mean . 
  shit . 
  it * is * your country . . 
  til that flying a plane to the middle east is strategic airlift . 
  shit . 
  fly emirates is quite the super power . 
  power projections and good stuff like that . 
   so on my first trip there , i decided to couchsurf with some kurmanji kurds in what was essentially a ghetto . 
  that 's where your trip went wrong there . 
  what about a referendum in turkey . . 
  i really do n't think it would pass either . 
  not that it would in europe , just saying , both groups of people do n't want it . 
  there 's other ways to further turkish-eu cooperation without membership . 
  they should stop chasing the impossible and unwanted . 
  i mean , each country has the right to veto . 
  the individual countries can leave their veto up to a national referendum . 
  alright , duce . 
  wait . 
  were you guys never conquered by the ottomans ? 
  how is that generalized . 
  nation-states are inherently generalized . 
  it 's a singular government . 
  it 's the aggregate of what that country brings to the table . 
  i 'm generalizing that their military is weak ? 
  is there a strong military hiding in montenegro that i 'm ignoring ? 
  i 'm not being sensitive . 
  he looked at my flair and made a negative remark about the ottoman empire . 
  who 's he to assume i support the ottoman empire . 
  i get it !, 
  congratulations , your intelligence is sufficient enough to ( 1 ) identify my flair then ( 2 ) make an ignorant statement generalizing all turks and their history . 
  bravo . 
  yeah but i feel like the know-how is still there and sweden had prepared itself to act independently being neutral , so there 's still a defense industry . 
  sure they might be sitting around now , but order another 64 highly upgraded gripens and watch how saab goes to work . 
  well bosnia is a bigger country , a country that will be more stable in nato ( help with the domestic situation ) , and also make nato more diverse ( bosniaks ) . 
  i think if bosnia wants to join they should but i do n't think anyone should be advocating or lobbying for them to join . 
  so is it definitely more of a political rather than society 's inclination ? 
  most swedes do n't want anything to do with nato membership ? 
  for sure . 
  but taking you guys or finland into nato would piss them off and serve a purpose . 
  same with accepting georgia . 
  but montenegro ? 
  wtf . . 
  you guys should unite with nederland and have a bad-ass dutch army . 
  just sayin ', 
  why ? 
  montenegro offers nothing diplomatically , politically , economically , and especially not militarily ... they 're going to be a net drain on nato . 
  sweden 's military capabilities are better than most small european states . 
  including belgium probably , no offense . 
   atat\u00fcrk 's mistake was trying to go democratic turkey was not a democracy ever in the time of atat\u00fcrk . 
  say what you like or do n't like about him , i personally love the guy , but definitely was n't a democratic system then . 
  the problem was forcing secularism rather than showing the way of secularism . 
  probably was n't a smart idea keeping girls in conservative families with headscarves from going to school . . you know , once you 're more enlightened and do n't have to depend on family and husband for income ... that 's a good time to take that headscarf off ... 
   joined ussr by choice lol . 
  said no one ever, 
  and my mom 's family is from konya . 
  not the city itself , thank god . 
  more secular parts, 
  i mean . 
  turkey is the bully . 
  * wait that 's me * turkey best country . 
  gib clay , more kebab . 
  * basque country be gone !, 
  * lol it 's a joke , relax . 
  it 's the feared < insert dramatic sound effect  catalan downvote brigade !!!, 
  run !, 
  they 've armed themselves !, 
  haha . 
  you guys know ... just whenever you need a buddy ... if you need to stamp down a separatist region . . turkey 's got your back . 
  best nato buddies lol . 
  * awaits the flood of kurdish downvotes *, 
  i agree with you . 
  that 's a big if . 
  even a downtime of say a 3 year accession process of fighting spanish opposition might do irreversible damage . 
  they essentially view themselves as the industrial heartland/developed part of spain that is putting into the system more than they 're getting out . 
  while that 's not a big abnormality when there 's nationality unity ( for example , north italy -- rich vs south italy -- poor ; and yes i 'm aware that they 're not exactly fond of each other ) the catalunyan provinces are stopping and saying `` well , shit . 
  we 're different racially , have a different language and culture . . why should we put up with this ? '', 
  in reality ? 
  my opinion ? 
  catalunya benefits economically from selling to the rest of spain , spreading out the costs of the national government , economies of scale , etc. . . 
  but the nationalist leaders of course are vocally hiding that issue and just looking at things like provincial incomes . 
  essentially , they 're pessimistic that the ship is sinking so they 're trying to hop off . 
  this is of course a generalized explanation so i 'm sure there 's better sources online than good old me :d, 
  allowing a referendum ... 
  i mean , at least their people are pretty liberal relative to the government they live under . 
  shit , ksa 's people are even more extreme than the viagra-abusing , yacht-riding , stripper-hiring monarchy . 
  kebab into empire !, 
  is the snp that hated in england/wales ? 
  in my limited knowledge of british politics , would n't that have to be a labor + scottish coalition of remainers ? 
  is n't labor pretty unpopular these days ? 
  who does that anymore ? 
  i know but i 'm just pointing out that all countries really give their troops a decent amount of immunity in such cases . 
  sure the usa is n't gon na do it in japan or germany , but there is n't a war going on there . 
  it 's these countries people are expecting to put pressure on turkey for the very thing they do too, 
  does the us not grant and demand the exact same immunity for its troops ? 
  let 's not forget part of the reason why the us pulled out completely in 2011 ( edit : from iraq ), 
  ma\u015fallah turkey as stronk as \u0130ngiltere on a serious note , as much as erdogan will use it for his own rhetoric i think both sides will benefit from dropping the charade and forming a more realistic relationship, 
  i 'd prefer it to membership . 
  it 's not just their religion , the cultures of these places or more conservative your message is actually quite ignorant,
