  i mean , sure you have more rubles but then you need to hike social payments and such , it 's just gon na chase inflation . 
  their main dilemma is the one associated with supply-side shocks : unemployment vs inflation . 
  curb inflation and stabilize the exchange rate with contraction policy ( such as interest rate hikes ) but you kill the local economy and unemployment increases . 
  or you can let policy stay easy but have fun watching inflation shoot up and the ruble tank . 
  similar situation to the us in the 1970 's ( not for same reasons , but similar dilemma ), 
  they 're just saying it 's the market equilibrium according to supply and demand . 
  was literally going to post this one . 
  well not really . 
  the non-land migrants would be people living in government held areas that are essentially economic migrants . 
  so , yeah , surely a lot have come already but there had been a recent uptick in people leaving government areas especially due to conscription . 
  president is a ceremonial position but its understood that he runs the ruling party ( akp ) , which is illegal as he technically was forced to leave the party , therefore he 's the most powerful . 
  but there 's been controversy and some have criticized constitutional courts for not challenging this . 
  trust me , this is fluent compared to president erdo\u011fan . . 
  thank you , this . 
  yeah we just messed it up a little . 
  most traditional names are kept in turkey . 
  trabzon - trebizond ankara - angora antakya - antioch edirne - adrianople the whole mongolic invaders sacked and raped modern-day turkey narrative is just uneducated . 
  if anything the ottomans saw themselves as a muslim continuation of byzantine culture in many aspects . 
  well looks like t\u00fcrkiye was added to the list , so go on whining to yourself that you should 've put together a christian jihad to retake the city . 
  apparently your fellow europeans do n't agree with you, 
  well if you 're going to treat them like different cities , constantinople no longer exists, 
  using a historic name for the same city also does not change the europeannes of it, 
  it 's listed as an affiliate of r/europe and r/istanbul is on the list . 
  unless you think we require a passport for people to enter istanbul , it 's just as non european as the rest of turkey in many regards, 
  missed r/turkey, 
  i know nothing about slovenia besides it being the first to secede from yugoslavia . . 
  but you can just tell this is a classic, 
  but secularism !!!!!, 
  i spent that entire video trying to decide which of the four i would kill first if given a chance . . good god, 
  well you bring up a good point because a lot of this money is being wasted on the cost of living in europe can you imagine how far 17 billion would go in setting up a camp in syria ? 
  i saw your flair and was so confused , thinking it was iran 's flag lol . 
  yeah , not a great investment, 
  bosnian serb ? 
  they get us logistics support for practically everything they do , however . 
  turkey can beat the fuck out of its neighbors . . that 's what being a regional power means . 
  it 's russia and the u.s. and other major powers turkey does n't match up to . . that 's why no one said global power . . also relations with israel are looking good on the horizon , major reapproachment going on, 
  on the bright side , less of a need for putin 's natural gas !, 
  [ awkward ] so how 's the weather mate ... 
  at first it looks bad that turkey is # 4 ... 
  but then again , more than half of you guys have a positive view of us ? 
  i 'll take that . 
  probably higher than western european countries honestly . 
  i do n't know how to make the comics ... people are n't drawing those all themselves right ? 
  yup . 
  and the accompanying * c\u0131k * sound, 
  just to be certain , you 're not suggesting you do n't like it right ? 
  otherwise ... # 301 . madde is waiting for you . . 
  that explains the bad history between our people . 
  ___ * turk : do you like kebab ? 
  * bulgarian shakes head . 
  * turk : what ? 
  i said do you like kebab ?!? 
  * bulgarian shakes head . 
  * turk : well fuck you heres more kebab than youre ever gon na want in your life . 
  fuck you im gon na steal your land and cook kebab with your lamb and eat it in your house . 
   who cross 10 + safe countries to get in to the eu  ) ) ) ) flee syria --  greece/bulgaria . 
  both eu cross 1 safe country . 
  that one safe country just happens to have three million already . . you can take some plz . . please ? 
  please ? 
   now you can meet turkish people * did n't sobieski stop you guys . . wtf *, 
  eh , chechen/tatar religious practices are traditionally close to turkish islam . 
  of course , we have the problem of bordering the arab world , so it 's understandable that some turks integrate a little less i think it 's mostly because we 're stubborn tbh . 
  way more than three times a year mate . 
  not contradicting you , just further supporting your point . 
  regular is not a term of scarcity . 
  there were conventional , typical soldiers in ukraine : regulars . 
  my favorite thing about greek is it all sounds like one really really long word and a really really long run-on-sentence . 
  the city guilty for not being istanbul . 
  ankara would like a word with you . 
  r/europe includes turkey . 
  see how the map links to r/turkey ? 
  they 're affiliated in a sense, 
  they would n't need to use nukes to take out turkish military infrastructure . 
  but cute wet dream about turkey getting nuked, 
  from an economics perspective , it 's quite normal that 's how that worked . 
  capital flowed from rich countries to poorer less developed ones , and the easiest avenue of investment is in the financial sector . 
  right that 's why i said not turkmenistanis . 
  both syrian turks and turkmenistanis are called turkmen . 
  turkmen is just a word afaik derived from farsi describing o\u011fuz turks syrian turkmen literally came to the region with `` turks '' in the seljuk days, 
  turk/turkmen ( not turkmenistanis but those in iraq/syria ) are just names used to distinguish nationality , not ethnicity . 
  so yeah he should be using turkish/turks in reference to people in turkey but it 's not really that incorrect, 
  yes it is !, 
  it 's our culture and history dude !, 
  would you be happy if most of `` romanian '' was russian and turkish ? 
  ( i use romanian in quotes because i would no longer call that language romanian at that point ), 
  well i 'm not trying to make an argument for or against the beauty of the language . 
  im simply just trying to say that it 's treasonous to turks and it 's symbolic of the empire 's move to become a muslim caliphate rather than a turkish state . 
  i was under the impression that it was the other way around within the empire . 
  that muslim was the general category that turks , kurds , european muslims etc. . were lumped into . 
  europeans might have called all muslims `` turks '' , but im not so worried about what europeans were saying at the time it was only after the switch to the republic of turkey that turkey was like `` okay , muslims are turks . 
  we will recognize greek and armenian ethnic minorities ( required by treaty ) '' . 
  this is part of the reason they tried to assimilate kurds at the time , because they were lumped together as muslim before so it 'd be fine to lump all muslims together as turks ( bad idea looks like it ), 
  amount of hefeweizen consumed per year ? 
  sounds ridiculous , but honestly , if you did a statistical analysis it might not be too off ... now correlation isnt causation but still , probably would turn out correctly :d, 
   `` turkish '' at that time meant muslim . 
  not anymore . 
  i fail to see the point you 're making . 
  i 'm protesting the modern use of turkey and ottoman empire as equivalents , not criticizing people of the time . 
  are you saying that it is now ? 
  i 'm confused where you 're getting the 50 % figure from or if its just an example .
