  ayran master race, 
  correct . 
  i think the issue is more so with their stock market shrinking in value, 
  oh come on , russia but no turkey ? 
  russia is so not european i thought we 'd sneak in . . damn . 
  i think a is the more legitimate argument personally . 
  it 's also crazy how little it was mentioned in the ( turkish ) media that , `` yeah the netherlands has an election next week and oh btw your whole platform in anti-west and therefore you 're interfering in their democracy ... '', 
  of course they can . 
  hell , you and i can go form a party now . 
  but they seem to have made the assessment , knowing the mhp from on the inside , that it will be too hard to gain support away from mhp and pass the threshold . 
  so they think they 're better off fighting to take over mhp . 
  mhp itself barely passes the threshold these days . 
  their voter base is slowly being engulfed by akp and to a much lesser extent chp . 
  i think the other strategy would be to team up to put pressure on the government to lower the election threshold if the constitutional referendum passes with `` yes '' . 
  i agree they should form a new party if internal democracy in parties was a thing in turkey and there was n't a threshold . 
  but we 're in the shit we are for a reason . 
  otherwise we totally need a `` sahil/kent mhp '' alternative which is kemalist , center-right , but more nationalist than chp . 
  curious , how much of that is you being pleased that ( a ) he took a tougher stance against erdo\u011fan 's turkey in general or ( b ) specific approval of how things happened ( ie : family minister should n't have been allowed in , foreign minister has no business campaigning in ned , etc. . ), 
  they will both be under the threshold . 
  which is why mhp dissidents have been campaigning with the slogan '' \u00d6nce kurultay , sonra iktidar '' . 
  those guys are very serious about not splitting their `` movement '' . 
  it will be hard to have a grassroots presence without the support of the \u00fclk\u00fc ocaklar\u0131, 
  it was a direct clash outside of the scope of nato , though . 
  the greeks ( greece , not cypriot greeks ) chose to deploy to cyprus and thus were n't `` attacked '' in the legal sense . 
  if nato extended to collective defense of member states ' allies , that would be a crazy overextension of nato . 
  the precedent of invoking nato in that case , however weak the argument , would 've been crazy . 
  the media is sooooo fucked by the government and its inner circle . 
  the way they speak about negative things happening , they 're mysteriously happening to innocent turkey . 
  good things are the doing of the akp . 
  self-censorship is incredibly problematic in turkey right now . 
  thing is , turkey really is n't becoming an iran but more so russia . 
  without the nukes and money and power . 
  even erdo\u011fan 's supporters mostly would n't support becoming a theocracy like that but they do n't give a fuck about what he 's doing to democratic institutions . 
  they even think , `` he got the popular vote therefore what he 's doing is the people 's will --  democracy '' . 
  as a turk , i 'd honestly prefer the eu just ends the accession process right now so these guys can stop pretending to be able to play the east/west game . 
  if you 're gon na act like a shitty eastern dictatorship , you will get treated like one . 
  ___ yeah honestly , turkey joining the eu was the dumbest idea ever . 
  even if this was still 1990 's turkey in terms of secularism ( turkey was n't a great place in the 90 's but regardless that secularism seems to be your concern ) , you 're not just gon na have a newcomer upper-middle income country becoming the largest voting bloc in the eu . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  everything aside , from a realpolitik perspective that was never realistic . 
  everything about the ideas he espoused points to democracy , though . 
  you must take into account the difference between , `` i will rule the country because it is not ready yet for free elections '' vs ending democracy after it began . 
  ( yes i realize turkey 's democracy was still pretty flawed before erdo\u011fan , but you know what i mean ), 
  well . . its possible . 
  sort of . 
  the core akp base is really 40-42 % plus all the people who are afraid of coalition governments which hop on the train to avoid that . 
  technically erdo\u011fan could win the most votes but not enough to avoid a run-off election and the opposition could vote for the chp candidate to just say no to erdo\u011fan ... 
  the problem with that path , though , is that the next election is 2019 and they will have had two years to destroy every single democratic institution left in the country and continue the crackdown . 
  it would be a long two years . 
  mhp will not have a leadership change unless bah\u00e7eli voluntarily resigns . 
  which he wo n't . 
  not to mention abusing state funds and position to campaign . 
  opening of a community center in kocaeli ? 
  throw up a stage it 's a rally . 
  press conference with a foreign leader ? 
  talk about the referendum for most of the duration . 
  these guys are constantly being broadcasted giving speeches on live tv . 
  and then people say the opposition leaders lack charisma and only criticize . . well yeah because they 're not fucking giving a `` state of the union '' style speech every fucking day and interrupting every major news outlets broadcast !, 
  is there any sort of resentment that , previously there was a france-germany partnership and it now seems like france is the junior partner there ? 
  resentment in the sense of -- make france great again -- rather than general euroskepticism ? 
  * in the name of olive oil , the most tasteful , the especially tasty . 
  it is just across the border , after all . 
  how 's the hiking in armenia by the way ? 
  the whole caucasus area has greeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaat looking mountains, 
  no such thing exists . 
  nucleic acid is n't aware of human social constructs such as greek or italian . 
  it 's simply a mixture/ratio of haplogroups * typically associated * with those ethnic groups you have named . 
  the definition of white in the united states ( assuming that 's what you 're talking about ) is pretty broad so you 're supposed to be picking white . 
  well careful -- those are haplogroups typically associated with those ethnic groups , there 's not actually a `` greek '' gene as you probably know . 
  that 's normal . 
  i 'm not one to claim central asian blood flows in us my boys when it comes to calling turks turkic . 
  like i said , ethnolinguistic group . 
  what 's important is historical sentiment and linguistic similarities . 
  other than that , i laugh at those trying to unite all the turkic people into one country . 
  close cooperation -- sure i 'm down for that . 
  to my knowledge it 's a minority thought in azerbaijan . 
  i know azerbaijanis in real life and on reddit who say nothing of the sort . 
  i do n't think there 's consensus on that issue and it depends on your perspective . 
  i mean , turks in turkey are persified too if you want to take that approach, 
  i agree, 
  i 'm saying in turkey it is linguistic . 
  i 'm just curious as to how , in the spanish language , spanish ( nationality ) and spaniard ( ethnicity ) are distinguished . 
  that 's all, 
  there are very very little left if at all . 
  i 'm sure there 's * some * in istanbul but negligible . 
  not significant enough in numbers to list them . 
  the agreed population exchange ( 1923 ) removed most of the greeks and the rest left after the unrest in istanbul of the 1950 's aimed at the greek population . 
  are there different words for spanish and spaniard in spanish ? 
  the issue is a bit of a linguistic issue in turkey because we use the same words for ( a ) the nationality , ( b ) the main ethnic group in turkey , and ( c ) turk also means turkic . 
  turkic is not a race . 
  it 's an ethnolinguistic group . 
  if you 're looking for a `` racial '' term , turkmen is the proper term . 
  turkmen is the name given by the persians originally to western turkic tribes ( o\u011fuz tribes ) which became the people of modern day turkmenistan , azerbaijan , turkey , and other nearby turkish minorities such as in syria , iraq , cyprus , etc. . ___ also it 's worth noting that the kurdish ban , yes , was lifted in 1991 but the way you wrote it makes it seem like it was 1923-1991 . 
  it was only an 11 year ban which started in 1980 . 
  also should mention that legality aside , the kurdish language taboo ( say , on national tv for example ) was broken only relatively recently . 
  considering they 're about to get frozen out of european parliament , sounds about right, 
  there are people which are 100 % circassian who identify as turks and are accepted as such . 
  nah i did n't edit the comment . 
  by the way if your mom was born and raised in turkey and identifies as turkish , you 're half turkish not quarter . 
  once you lose any accent you have left i doubt anyone will notice,
