  i bet they 'd be singing a different tune if they 'd grown up in , say , poland instead . 
  i think another large part of it is that people are ( well , understandably ) very anti-american here , so a lot of them are rooting for russia for the sole reason that they are n't buddies with obama . 
  which is idiotic as fuck for obvious reasons . 
  the character * was * created for propaganda purposes , it 's not exactly subtle . 
  but today he 's a comic book character like any other , usually portrayed as ` over-the-top american ' rather than an ideal american or anything like that . 
  he got upvoted and then you got downvoted for agreeing with him ? 
  the hell is going on here ? 
  plenty of normal-looking guys in the crowd pictures . 
  but who wants to take photos of boring people ? 
   sure , eating bread wth a bit of butter and tomato for a breakfest is cool , but not a fifth of a tomato and three pieces of cheapest bread , that 's a torture and does n't have any nutrtitional values . 
  that 's a weird looking tomato you 've got there . 
  it is a thing in the uk , do n't think it 's quite as substantial as it is in the us , though . 
  they call it positive action . 
   white or not you will never be accepted as european . 
  there are already people who do n't consider me a serb because i live in vojvodina . 
  i do n't particularly care what that sort of people thinks of me . 
  ignoring the fact that i do n't see how race affects whether you consider yourself european or not . . 
  since when are slavs not white ? 
  because i 'm white as a sheet . 
  last i checked , we are part of the european continent . 
  that 's european to me . 
  besides , i think of * myself * as european , i 'm not labeling all serbs as such . 
   yugoslavia very current map you 've got there . 
  in europe i 'd probably just say serbian . 
  outside of europe , serbian or european depending on the context . 
  do you even understand what the word shill means ? 
  even if your accusations were founded , he would n't be a shill . 
  the only bigot i see here is you . 
  at least kosovo should be obvious . 
  ah , you 're right . 
  it shows it in the comments , but not next to the post title for some reason . 
  i 'll wander over to / r/reddit _ news and see if that 's something we can get fixed . 
  are you using the beta , by the way ? 
  it 's pretty damn great . 
  ahh , okay , i get the point now . 
  the problem is though , your ` educated people should be the ones with the voting power ' point is just as overly idealistic as the whole ` perfect democracy ' spiel . 
  if you give all the power to a certain person or group of people , they sure as hell wo n't use it to seek the opinions of professors , as you put it . 
  they 'll just reap the benefits while doing the bare minimum to make people think they 're doing something right . 
  and that 's if you 're lucky - the alternative is that they go full authoritarian on you and simply kill anyone who dares to oppose them . 
  * ideally * , a benevolent dictatorship would be the best form of government . 
  the head of state would surround himself with educated people and scholars , and make the decisions that would benefit the country and its people the most effectively . 
  unfortunately , we do not live an ideal world , and this would not happen . 
  a democracy may not be perfect either , but it 's certainly much more , er , reliable than a dictatorship . 
  we 've gotten enough practice with it that we 're much better off trying to improve and supplement our current forms of government rather than trying to implement something that human nature simply wo n't allow to exist . 
  ( yeah , this turned into a rant , sorry . ), 
  he also used an infographic critical of vu\u010di\u0107 ( from one of his major opponents ) to support his point . 
  he 's certainly being creative about it . 
  i feel like i 'm missing a reference here . 
  two drunk idiots ? 
  the better apps all show flair , fyi . 
  been a while since i 've seen one that does n't do flair . 
  the fuck are you on about ? 
   in the wake of the u.s.-engineered coup in ukraine , the western press warns us solemnly and relen - yeah , no , i can already feel myself losing braincells . 
  eh , shit beer is popular no matter where you go . 
  people generally do n't really care , they just want something that 's cheap and has alcohol in it . 
  they are bad , but obviously not even remotely in the same way that rt ( and other state-sponsored media ) is . 
  i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make . 
  for instance , fox news and msnbc may be shit , but they obviously are n't mouthpieces of the us government . 
   how the fuck has this been up voted so much ? 
  no idea either . 
  i 'm aware that this subreddit is pretty strongly opinionated on the matter , and shit , i do n't even disagree . . but upvoting absolute shit content like this is not what i 'd expect from this subreddit . 
  at this point , i wo n't be surprised if we start upvoting genuine propaganda next . 
  oh come on , i do n't even disagree but this is the sort of shit i expect to see on facebook , not / r/europe . 
  we 're better than this . 
  keep in mind exif data ( which includes geographical coordinates and such ) is extremely easy to fake , so it 's not like it would make the photo significantly more trustworthy anyway . 
  fairly sure he agrees with you . . 
   so yeah , i hate putin too , if that helps me not being downvoted too much ...  edit right now on another thread i 'm trying to argue that russian tourists being stuck at airports should not be the aim of `` western sanctions '' , and my post sits at -4 with no reply , while the top comment is `` fuck you , russians ! '' . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about when i say we do n't even allow ourself to have discussions anymore . 
  yeah , i do n't disagree with you at all on that one . 
  i just think / u/aemilius _ paulus being downvoted is n't a good example of / r/europe being anti-russian , because he 's borderline trolling . 
  in general , hating on russians ( i.e. 
  ones that have nothing to do with putin ) really should be toned down a bit . 
  ehh , even the better ones are pretty much only better by comparison . 
  i like subotica better than belgrade , but it 's still got nothing on proper european cities . 
  there 's a pretty huge difference between differing opinions and blatant pro-russian circlejerking . 
  i do n't read stormfront to ` avoid being in a bubble ' . 
   ps : the next thing eu commission should look at is blocking certain services ( mostly voip ) in cheaper plans - very common in es . 
  i highly doubt it should be considered legal , as you pay for internet access , not a-selected-part-of-internet . 
  should n't this already be covered by the eu 's net neutrality legislation ? 
  in other words , it ought to already be illegal . 
  the ex-yu countries got most of the +38 x range , yes , but that also means that +38 itself is now unused . 
  that 's what he was talking about . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure it 's a great idea . 
  just because people are fucking morons and there 's a good chance the idea of rs 's independence alone could spark another conflict . 
  i do n't want to be thrown back into the 90s just because bosnian serbs did n't want to live in bosnia . 
  also , another thing : a lot of people would immediately jump to attack rs 's independence because of the fact that serbs have an almost identical problem with kosovo , which they refuse to acknowledge as an independent state . 
  so this could cause some issues . 
  well , the border is drawn on the map , so i assume so . 
  the color being the same makes it hard to tell though . 
  this is really fucking annoying here , too . 
  not wanting to be shitfaced 24/7 is apparently taken as a personal insult , no matter the context . 
  point of advice , if you do this ( be a dick to someone because they do n't feel like drinking ) , you 're a colossal asshole . 
  heh , belgrade is probably the worst offender when it comes to any of the things he listed . 
  i generally hate putting ketchup on food , but i always get some on my pizza . 
  not sure why . 
   i like chicago-style pizza , but i think i do n't even categorize it as the same kind of food as italian pizza . 
  jesus christ , i just googled that . 
  leave it to the americans to come up with 3 inch thick pizza , i guess . 
  say what you will about british food , but english breakfasts always looked delicious as fuck to me . 
  i love me some beans and fried vegetables .
