  b-but muh western devil !, 
  why do you assume upvotes = people agreeing with it ? 
  you sound like you 're really mad at nobody in particular . . 
   all these sites are inaccessible if the ** social networking category ** of the kids safe filter is on . 
  you have a point , but it 's just as misleading to call it ` accidental ' . 
   i 'm not really surprised reddit is considered unsafe for children when there is ( or at least has been ) subreddits for , pictures of dead kids , jailbait , beatingwomen , creepshot . 
  not to mention the hundreds of nsfw ones of just porn . 
  the same can be said for any site with any degree of user-submitted content . 
  tumblr , 4chan , you name it . 
  also , you do know / r/jailbait and / r/creepshots were removed ages ago , right ? 
  um , how do you think they got the food back to the mainland from the colonies if their supply ships were getting sunk ? 
  teleportation ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herd_mentality obviously you wo n't find a single opinion held by every single citizen of a country , but every country has some ( usually very stupid ) opinions that have become massively popular , one way or another . 
  uh . . wrong post ? 
  google maps is terrible at individual house level navigation in my area , it basically only does streets . 
  osm can get me individual addresses most of the time with no problems . 
  osm also actually lets you carry offline copies of maps around , something maps has steadily been phasing out over the past few years . 
  what constitutes a ` node ' on osm ? 
  you know an image macro is old when it has * two * watermarks . 
  wow , that photo is actually high-res enough to read it off the pen . 
   would n't they otherwise have tried to change it ( i mean it 's a democracy ) ? 
  heh , it would be great if governments actually worked that way . 
  just because the ruling party is elected democratically does n't at all mean that their actions actually reflect the will of the people . 
   they should just move back to britain if they want to name their child harriet jesus , you 're practically a walking caricature . . 
  and that 's okay as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i can see why changing your name to be easier to pronounce would be practical . 
  however , what i 'm * not * okay with is forcing people to change it . 
  i feel like this is a personal matter that should be left up to the individual . 
  who expects muslim immigrants to change their names when they move . . ? 
  i do n't think that 's what anyone means when they talk about assimilation . 
  ` always ' ? 
  really ? 
  i live in subotica and i do n't think i 've ever seen this . 
  : / looks awesome , though . 
  i figured it was obvious that i meant 56 % of americans with a penis , but okay , my mistake . 
  and no , modern rates are certainly still that high - if you consider 2005 modern enough . 
   in 2005 , about 56 percent of male newborns were circumcised prior to release from the hospital according to statistics from the agency for healthcare research and quality . 
  [ 31 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prevalence_of_circumcision#united_states, 
  you act as if downvoting opposing opinions is something that only shills do . 
  56 % of americans are circumcised . 
  i would n't really call that ` controversial ' . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't get why this turns into a dick-waving contest whenever it 's mentioned , as if it matters which one is ` worse ' . 
  genital mutilation needs to be banned with extreme consequences , male or female does n't matter . 
   violent crime - weekly school shooting and gang violence reports from the us and yet they get a lower score ? 
  not that i entirely disagree with your comment , but that 's a really poor argument . 
  school shootings are an * incredibly * tiny percentage of violent crime in the us , they just seem larger because the media laps them up . 
  er , you mean the us , right ? 
  in the uk it would be around 250 thousand . 
  scotland is hardly alone in having nationalists . . 
   why would normal muslims be critical to such an investigation . 
  most ` normal muslims ' would n't , but they do n't need to . 
  the vocal minority is more than enough to be a threat . 
  i do n't think the rest of the map is particularly meant to align with russia 's politics . 
  kosovo is in practice an independent state , and i imagine many maps will have it there regardless of ideology . 
  sure . 
  i actually had to think for a minute to remember what the serbian word for it was . 
  nah , i do n't think so . 
  it probably just seems that way because the font size is way bigger for western europe ( bigger countries , not many small countries ) . 
  hah , i think our national media screamed way more about that , when we hosted it in 2008 ( i think ? ) . 
  i 'm surprised we were able to scrap anything halfway decent together , to be honest . 
   and we found out how much hosting the damn thing costs tell me about it . 
  actually , it was the imperial flag [ ` for celebrations ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_russian_flags ) . 
  the actual imperial flag is the exact same as russia 's modern-day flag . 
  eh , we were closer to it than the soviets were , but we were still quite far from that particular ideal , i think . 
  you 're going to buy a crate of chocolate bunnies and you 're going to like it . 
  as an eastern european , you can take your sweeping generalizations and shove them up your ass . 
   so munich is n't really the top technology hub , it is just the opinion of the european commission based on their criteria that they decided was important . 
  and what other method would you use to choose something as vague as a ` top technology hub ' ? 
  no shit it 's based on someone 's opinion . 
  i have n't noticed any here , but it 's likely that it just gets drowned out by our own government 's astroturfing . 
  :p plus , we have enough gullible pro-russian people here that they do n't even need to bother . 
  yes , really . 
   what does this mean ? 
  it 's a saying , mostly a joke at this point . 
  not much has changed . 
  cs1 .6 is still probably the most played game in the country . 
  pirated games are * extremely * easy to find even in `` official '' markets . 
  there 's a flea market sort of thing here in subotica , and there are racks upon racks of very obvious fake/burned cds and dvds . 
  the same goes for consoles ( it 's literally easier to find a ps2 modded for burned games than an unmodded one ) . 
  the foreign words are even more obvious if you 're an engineer or work with tools at all . 
  almost literally all of out engineering and machinery words are straight out of german . 
  why do you think this is at the top of / r/europe ? 
  portugal 's drug legislation is hardly a common conversation starter in europe , either . 
  the bridge is pretty cool , too . 
  the us had their isolationist thing , the ussr just wanted a chunk of europe for themselves . 
  i do n't think that 's a fair comparison . 
   there are also politicians from 27 other countries , that i do n't get to vote for , making decisions that effect legislation in my country . 
  that 's just not on . 
  care to point out a single democratic system in the world today that * does n't * work this way ? 
  that 's how elected officials work . 
  you only get to pick one . 
  greece is a russian puppet ? 
   but they are being forgotten . 
  because they were acknowledged many decades ago and there 's no point in discussing them further . 
  they are taught in schools , obviously , but that 's about it . 
  turkey 's genocide would also not be a point of discussion if it had been acknowledged 50 years ago . 
  the point is that it has n't been , and you keep making it an issue . 
  for fuck 's sake , right now we 're talking about an article where your pm called europe * racist * for talking about it . 
  not only is it not recognized , you act * offended * when someone so much as mentions it .
