yeah , i know it 's morbid but you just ca n't help but chuckle at that . 
  and i 'm sure / u/loulan was aware that his friend would n't take offense to the joke . 
  it 's on him to decide how afraid of flying his friend actually was , not on the government . 
  in the same vein , i 'm sure the man was aware that his daughter would n't take the joke seriously , nor would any of the other passengers ( who the joke was n't intended for to begin with ) . 
  this sort of nanny state bullshit has no place in 2014 . 
  now , if he had yelled out we 're about to crash or i have ebola for the whole plane to hear , it may have been an issue for the law to handle . 
  but this is just ridiculous . 
  same here . 
  mostly fresh produce , with some amount fruit/vegetables pre-packaged for convenience . 
  i see absolutely no advantage to having it all be without packaging , without exception . 
  it 's not like you could n't get it that way already . 
  well no , because the vote has to be unanimous , and serbia is in the un . 
   light hearted jokes are ok , but playing with people 's feelings and fears is not my thing . 
  how is that not a light-hearted joke ? 
  not initially , they added that later . 
  and even still , you 'd be an idiot to believe they would n't gradually raise it later on . 
  first time i 've seen the concept of a voluntary occupation . 
  besides , would n't england be just as bad then ? 
  true , but of course i 'm arguing for a representative democracy with measures in place to prevent blatant corruption , not our actual current-day system and its known flaws . 
  the swiss have a representative democracy with * elements * of direct democracy , which is a far more rational option than a pure direct democracy . 
  they still have representatives , but the people as a whole have the right to request a referendum on any law , and also to propose changes to the constitution . 
  the internet * is * the most important instrument for democracy in the information age , i do n't see why this is such a strange concept . 
  this is why one of the first things any dictatorship does is severely limit access to the internet . 
  it keeps dissenting opinions quiet for when it really gets bad . 
  direct democracy is a monumentally stupid concept , and i say this as someone who considers himself left-leaning . 
  it works well for certain issues , but for the vast majority of issues , people simply are not educated enough in the subject matter to make the best decision . 
  this is why we elect representatives who we know are qualified to make those decisions , but also listen to the public for issues that they should have a say in . 
  not * everything * the government does is ` wasteful bureaucracy ' . 
  ah , this argument again . 
  of course , that 's just common sense . 
  we do n't let parents chop off their children 's limbs because they feel like it either , but if the same limb becomes infected or whatever , then medical professionals may opt for amputation . 
  it 's definitely a common remedy for [ phimosis ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/en/phimosis ) , which i 'm assuming is what he was referring to . 
  i 'm sure most people try non-surgical remedies before opting for the scalpel , though . 
  fairly sure killing it is the definition of causing harm . 
  i guess you mean no pain/distress ? 
  for what ? 
  it 's not like they make the stamps themselves , they 're legal stamps already in circulation . 
  you ca n't argue that it 's harassment based on that alone . 
  this is what you get when russia is your ` ally ' , i guess . 
  well then . 
  it 's the same here , too . 
  our [ socialist party ] ( http://www.sps.org.rs/ ) has an overwhelming amount of support from older people . 
  as you can see they 're trying to push the whole ` socialist youth ' thing like their predecessors , but well , fool me once . . 
  well , mind you , you are n't exposed to a second language basically 24/7 . 
   my english would be a lot worse if i was n't constantly surrounded by it my entire life . 
  if your target market is russia and the former soviet bloc , then sure . 
  if you want to do business with europe , the us , canada and the rest of the world , you simply have to know english , or be rich enough to afford a translator . 
  serbia here - english is our second language ( usually taught from first grade , age 6/7 ) , third language starts from 5th grade ( age 10/11 ) and is most often german , can also be russian , french etc. 
  this is for public schools that i know of , at least . 
   not everyone has trillion dollar economies ... 
  this is the exact reason it 's based on a percentage of the nation 's gdp rather than a fixed sum ( which would obviously be absurd ) . 
  for the record , the ' i believe in a country ' one also says ' i believe in one country ' on the other side , in serbian . 
  i wan na know what 's going on with that one . . 
   i overheard some conversations about `` uprising against kremlin fascists '' in public - in relatively rich moscow region , just few kilometers away from kremlin can we all take a moment to appreciate the irony of the fact that the kremlin has been comparing everyone to fascists lately so much , that people are now calling * them * fascists ? 
   seriously though , those are n't very cheerful news . 
  i hope you guys can stay safe in there . 
  the hell , serbia is on there but slovenia is n't ? 
  what madness is this ? 
  who does n't ? 
  just came back from a 4-day trip to italy - i think i 've had enough pasta for a month . 
  yes , but usually the ballots are designed to fold up when you put them in , so nobody can see what you actually voted . 
  they 'll probably pull out themselves before they get thrown out . 
  i had a feeling you were going to say that . 
  may i ask what your job is ? 
  for . . research . 
  who gives a shit if i 'm rich or not ? 
  i ` have good grammar ' because i spent a decade of my life teaching myself english . 
  i 'm plenty happy with myself in the morning , because i actually care about bettering my life . 
  given that you spend your time poorly insulting people on reddit , it sounds like you 're the one who wakes up hating himself . 
  your comment is n't just ` poor grammar ' , it 's literally incomprehensible . 
  google translate would probably put together a more easily understood comment . 
  i somehow doubt you 're a british person who ca n't even properly construct a single sentence of english . . 
  i 'm offended and i 'm not even hungarian . 
  how dare you . 
  decomposition ? 
  they would 've been floating for quite a while . . 
  jesus fucking christ , this is the third comment you 've made in this thread specifically about the woman 's appearance . 
  are you trolling or do you actually have serious mental issues relating to this woman ? 
  and that 's disregarding the fact that this is n't even the tiniest bit relevant to the actual post . 
  easy to say from the other side of the bloody continent . 
  gps is the specific name for the american system , fyi . 
  the russians have glonass , and the eu is currently building their own ( galileo ) . 
  did n't even have to click , the chorus just played in my head . 
  fuck that band is good . 
   they reap none of the benefits of the eu none ? 
  we get tons of aid from the eu . 
  we may not be part of schengen , the eea or the eurozone , but that does n't mean we do n't reap benefits for cooperating with the eu . 
  besides , if everyone thought like that , no countries would ever join the eu on their own . 
  it 's not about here and now , it 's about what happens when we do finally join . 
  heh , in time i think we 're going to have more global positioning systems than we know what to do with . 
  even glonass is relatively unpopular ( i.e. 
  devices may use it , but people have no idea that it exists ) . 
  i would say he 's generally liked , yeah . 
  we did build him a statue in sarajevo , after all . 
  it 's really hard to pick one here . 
  i guess milo\u0161evi\u0107 is probably the most universally hated , but even he has a lot of supporters if you ask around a bit . 
  you did n't read the title properly . 
  they were * facing * skyrocketing prices , so they allowed belarus and kazakhstan to act as intermediaries to keep prices down . 
  confirming this . 
  i think a big part of it was that yugoslavia was never under the ussr 's boot like basically everyone else to our east , so it 's easy to see how our right-wingers can justify the whole ` russians are our brothers , putin 4 lyfe ' spiel they 've been doing for a while now .
