   , and you can find them for cheap on aliexpress . 
  i think you could stick this at the end of almost any sentence and it 'd still be true . 
   or that woman actually votes for them , despite public statements like this - which is just sad . 
  and also not particularly surprising . 
  you have to remember that the vast majority of voters in any country have no damn idea who they 're actually voting for , they just saw the pre-election tagline and thought it sounded catchy . 
  well that 's just the front page , it says there 's a full story on page two . 
  obviously it 's pretty comical that it only takes up a tiny sidebar next to satan baby , but it 's * something * . 
  ah , alright , that makes sense then . 
  nice flair . 
  * ideally * it 's a good thing , yeah , but the mods will have to work much harder now to keep it from devolving into an / r/politics-style shitfest . 
  there 's a reason certain subreddits actively avoid further growth . 
  probably decided to leave it out to save themselves the outrage of labeling the uk as a european country . 
  you know it 'd happen . 
  it 's nice to think about , but there 's no way it 's going to happen that way . 
  if anything , becoming a default is going to * contribute * to lopsided political views , not balance them out . 
  shit , remember / r/politics when it was a default ? 
  it 's not so much about opposing views as it is about low-effort posts , trolls and spam . 
  shit , / r/politics was a default for the longest time and that was n't exactly the bastion of open-minded political views , was it ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcm9sdfzumw i quite like it , i do wish it was more secular though . 
  that * this * is our national anthem is a pretty good indicator of how unseparated our state is from the serbian orthodox church . 
  um , but bo\u017ee pravde * is * serbia 's current national anthem , no . . ? 
   but they still seem to cover important topics ( putin , do n't forget syria , etc. ), 
  which is better than the other big tabloids posted in this thread ( the sun in the uk , that polish one , etc. ), 
  um , the front page of the sun that op posted does have putin on it . 
  only new users . 
  i 've been here for three years and never got subscribed to the new ones automatically . 
  which is fine by me , because i 'm already subscribed to the ones that actually interest me anyway . 
  half the posts on / r/serbia these days are just people asking for shit to do on vacation here . 
  you 're not alone . 
  / r/europe the subreddit , not europe the continent . 
  / r/europe is a lot of things , but since when are we war mongers ? 
  ca n't argue with that . 
   in the december eurobarometer ( a couple of weeks before latvia switched to the euro ) holy shit , that was 8 months ago ? 
  do n't see why not , hundreds is n't that large of a number . 
   all i 'm saying is that i do n't fancy metal music , for fucks sake . 
  then you worded it badly , because calling something offensive is a much harder accusation than just saying it is n't your thing . 
  i think they do in some schools , yeah . 
  it 's not as common as it used to be , though . 
   forgive me if i 'm wrong but politics im serbia change quit fast if i 'm not mistaken ? 
  if i remember correctly you recently had a very nationalistic governement ? 
  if 15 years ago is ` quite fast ' , then yeah , they do . 
  that 's part of why people are worried , they know how easily it can all go to shit . 
   do they teach mostly english in school by the way ? 
  yeah , english from 1st grade onward ( 6-7 years old ) and a third language ( usually german ) from 5th grade ( 10-11 years old ) . 
  though i 'm mostly self-taught and even got some cambridge certs outside of school , so i 'm hardly the norm , but i 'd still say a lot of young people here speak english quite well . 
  most at least understand it well enough . 
   the problem is that not many people speak english here , and it 's very hard to see the facts without that . 
  the potential is there though , almost everyone in my university class detests the governement , but there is noone/nothing to make them ( us ) stand up together . 
  the sad truth is that i think you 're far from alone in this . 
  the situation is the exact same here in serbia - out of my friend group ( late teens , early 20s ) i know literally nobody who supports the current ruling party . 
  their propaganda preys on older people who do n't give a shit about politics aside from the pre-election campaigns , meaning they never notice that they never actually deliver on the promises they make . 
  for what it 's worth , at least they 're pro-eu . . but at this rate , that may not be worth very much by the time we actually get in . 
  tbh i 've got to hand it to our pm , the guy is extremely charismatic and a very , very good actor . 
  just the way he speaks would be enough to sway me if i was n't aware of the facts . 
  you know , i 've always thought that a benevolent dictatorship would be the most perfect form of government . 
  of course , it 'll never happen , at least not the way we 'd want it to happen . 
  human nature dictates that the guy who manages to punch his way to the top is definitely not going to have the people 's interests in mind . 
  eh , it 's changed meanings just like ` third world ' has . 
  yugoslavia was obviously never part of the eastern bloc and we 're hardly eastern europe geographically , but i 'm okay with people using the term because i get what they mean by it . 
  so there is n't a rational anti-eu party in the uk ? 
  i always just figured ukip were the biggest , but there were still other parties with anti-eu views . 
  the head of state is n't necessarily the one doing pushing the totalitarianism , though . 
  there 's no such thing as an enemy 5-year-old . 
  all small children are innocent . 
  in the short term yeah , but it also means other leakers wo n't be willing to come forward in the future after what happened to the last one . . 
  on the bright side , it 's nice to see a strike actually accomplishing something for once . 
  good for them . 
  jesus fucking christ , putin really does think he 's untouchable . 
  most leaders would consider this political suicide , i imagine . 
  you . . are aware of what satirical cartoons are , right ? 
  i mean , i 'd see your point if the cartoonist * only * satirized america 's enemies and nothing else , but that obviously is n't true . 
   at least putin has expressed it as a tragedy . 
  when the us shot down an iranian airliner george bush ( 1st ) went on live tv saying `` america will never apologise '' . 
  the difference being that the us did at least admit that they were the ones that show the plane down . 
  putin just went nuh-uh , not me . 
   what about standing up to air transport companies and close the damn airspace where a civil war is going on um , most airliners have already been avoiding ukranian airspace for days . 
  perhaps closing it on a higher level where nobody can fly over it would be better , but most companies are n't doing the ` less fuel ' thing . 
   a bit like how the brtions call the american language `` english '' um , you mean how literally everyone calls it english , because it is ? 
  american english is a dialect of english , neither the uk nor the us have ever claimed otherwise . 
  yeah , i think it 's largely because a large chunk of people here ( particularly older people ) are still perfectly fine with communism . 
  all things considered , we had a much better run with communism than you guys did . 
  what 's up with the fuzzy borders ? 
  i know the blue parts of serbia are most definitely not covered , we have no street view here at all currently ( they 're implementing it this year , though ) . 
   why did n't they get rid of the communist names after the ussr disolved ? 
  did they get rid of * all * the communist street names at once in romania ? 
  over here they 're slowly being phased out , but there 's still a ton of them around . 
  one of the largest streets in my town is aleja mar\u0161ala tita , and a bit right next to it was still called trg oktobarske revolucije up until they renamed it a few years ago . 
  nah , definitely not all countries . 
  there are [ a lot ] ( http://www.pp-international.net/ ) of them , but not that many . 
  oh , i was n't implying that they were . 
  just thought it was funny that it 's the same acronym . 
  huh . 
  slovenia has a pirate party ? 
  same here :( sns for sprska napredna stranka . 
  bunch of fucking wankers . 
  heh , we use ` cimnuti ' to say the same - literally , it translates to ` to yank someone/something ' . 
  afaik it 's pretty common in most ex-yu countries . 
   russia is taking a stand against nato/eu expansion in ukraine last i checked , putin was the one doing the ` expanding ' in ukraine . 
  the eu is n't even taking any new members into consideration until 2020 . . 
  in what universe does that translate to expansion ?
