  no givesies backsies !, 
  * throws up hands and runs off into the distance . 
  nnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooooo, 
  ... damn i wish you had a flag so i could insult you , your people and your entire country ... 
  bullfighting . 
  pah . 
  here in scotland we have cow punching . 
  1 man , bare chested , against 1 cow . 
  now that is a mans sport . 
  why 's that ? 
  haha . 
  my latvians are friendly . 
  sleep well friend . 
  hahaha ( ; generally i drink whiskey friend . 
  that or cheap lager i 'm afraid . 
  i think most of europe would be horrified . 
  oh well you know the usual . 
  i 'm going to get blind drunk and go badger baiting with baz . 
  how about you old chap ? 
  yes quite . 
  absolutely lovely weather we 're having today is n't it ? 
  oh hello there . 
  queuing, 
   a swiss jew jesus you must be some kind of super banker ... 
   what makes a good man go neutral ? 
  cheese with holes in it . 
  mass unrestricted immigration of people from toxic cultures is fodder for right-wing groups you idiots . 
  the attitude is insane . 
  you 're missing my point massively . 
  have it your way . 
  sit there and stew in rage about events that took place centuries ago . 
  cut yourself off and obsess with hatred . 
  no one gives a shit . 
  you 're just another small minded angry little retard . 
  yes . 
   what happen in k\u00f6ln what did happen in k\u00f6ln ? 
  `` muslim doctors and nurses are to be allowed to opt out of strict hygiene rules introduced by the nhs to restrict the spread of hospital superbugs . '', 
  why the fuck are these people still practicing ? 
  sorry mate i 'll think next time before i fly off into a psychotic frenzy and call someone a `` little fool '' stay safe friend :\\ ^ ), 
  you crap your pants easily do n't you ? 
  if you think that 's anger son you live in a bubble . 
  oh yes i am a smoking crater right now . 
  please . 
  no more nit picking . 
  i do n't want to be poked to death . 
  hmmm very deep i 'll have to think on that thanks . 
  you 're missing my point completely . 
  here i 'll fix it for you so you 're not completely clueless . 
  no i 'm actually giving him advice and a much needed verbal slap . 
  he 's getting ridiculous . 
  edit : groan https://en.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/41qien/5_of_the_worst_atrocities_carried_out_by_the/, 
  oh geee i do n't know . 
  i think there 's been some tension between the two countries and the union in the past . 
  my memory is a little hazy though sorry . 
  just a basic thought exercise you neurotic little fool . 
  nope . 
  i want to know what he thinks they would have done . 
  genuine question . 
  this your third root comment in here . 
  a bit desperate mate ? 
  and before you go bright red and start squealing your mind away calling me english filth like a stereotypical tiny minded bigot , i 'm scottish . 
  but you do n't see me crying about the english . 
  let it go , try and grow up and move on for god sake . 
  stop shitting your pants in public trying to get attention . 
   but we 're also proud of our defeat of the fascists as you should be . 
  no heavier price was paid than that by russia . 
  and what would ireland have done if put in the same position ? 
   white man 's burden indeed . 
  the real white mans burden is constantly listening about how your reasonable for all the bad things in the world , while also being told you have to fix every problem in the world . 
  you just stop listening after a while . 
  because it 's an easy club for idiots to pick up and awkwardly try and smash some sort of point across . 
  it has impact . 
   the british have stymied my country at every turn * twirls mustache *, 
  thanks for correcting my joke . 
  phew . 
  thank god it was n't a hamster . 
  by god i hope we have the gates shut . 
  i agree . 
  not to mention the rampant alcoholism . 
  no , just anyone with a vagina . 
  peta will be letting out a deep sigh of relief knowing that no beagles were harmed . 
  intellectual cowardice . 
  ask an african, 
  you can hardly call daily occurrences in africa tragedy . 
  do you think germans are worse or better off because of her decision ? 
  she still put the interests of refugees that did n't even have the legal right to be there above that of her own people . 
  bit odd . 
  thanks for putting a bit more effort into it this time though . 
  i do n't mean functionally . 
  yes she can decide to throw out all the germans in germany and let refugees live in their houses if she likes . 
  but ethically it 's pretty gross . 
  hmmm compelling argument . 
  i 'm going to have to think this one over . 
  i do see what you mean actually . 
  so ideologically she does n't care for her own people ? 
  is it her place to decide that for every single person in germany ? 
  i 'm not the one that needs to chill . 
  it 's a friendly question . 
  are you japanese ? 
  what makes you so interested in europeans politics ?
