  after : `` russia was suspended from international athletics in november after a special commission of the world anti-doping agency ( wada ) exposed widespread state-sponsored cheating and corruption . '', 
  this man who was presumably in good health then suddenly drops dead two and a half months after coming out with this information . 
  there should be `` skeptards '' as well . 
  people that will just blindly argue the most shallow mundane explanation possible every time . 
  indeed . 
  villages making sacrifices so detached `` intellectuals '' can feel slightly fuzzy inside and grandstand about it at dinner parties . 
  just wait frenchy . 
  we 've started making all our baguettes curved as well . 
  ** where is your god now **, 
  i chortled . 
  there 's going to be a lot of precious squeeing and squealing over this though . 
  because you all smell . 
  i heard it was a revolutionary new procedure designed to cure life using materials readily available in any household . 
  the man is a genius . 
  your sarcasm is so raw and edgy . 
  you 're really letting them have it !, 
   `` smudge protesters ' liver on the asphalt '' that is unusually specific . 
  alright , i guess there 's no problem everyone . 
  thread over . 
  spicy . 
   your answer is `` muslim women do n't really want that '' . 
  no i 'll remind you i made the observation :  you assume these women want these human rights my friend . 
  as for this :  i 've decided to read between the lines . 
  yes you 've decided you make stuff up in your confused addled little mind . 
  now fuck off , and stop arguing with me about things you 've `` read '' out of my comments you stupid little dipshit . 
  this is the last response you 're getting . 
   you 're supporting those people by saying `` oh women do n't want that '' . 
  at no point did i support it you utter fucking retard . 
  i hope to god english is n't your first language . 
  i literally just said it 's backwards and medieval . 
  i 'm not talking about them . 
  i was simply making an observation . 
  you idiot . 
  at no point did i say that this was a good thing . 
  jesus christ you cretin . 
  and ? ... why are you telling me this ? 
  well ... he died doing what he loved best ? 
  crap is that honestly where it comes from ? 
  and you honestly think it 's just because there 's not enough jobs ? 
  it 's well known in computer science that a large number of graduates are n't working in the field because of a lack of social/people skills . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  it 's an actual issue . 
  just because they studied the subject does not make them employable or even competent at their chosen profession . 
  at lot of them bomb interviews and ca n't interact as a team . 
  i know mate . 
  you 're the one that does n't understand my point . 
  which is that plenty of them would be happy with it . 
  personally i think it 's backwards and medieval but hey . 
  it 's their choice . 
  my point is many of them probably would n't . 
   nice for you . 
  have you ever asked them about it ? 
  have you asked them whether they have political opinions , whether they would want to be involved ? 
  yes and they frankly do n't care ? 
  like most of the population . 
   no , but apparently you do ? 
  but i know some of them have no problem with their traditional family structure . 
  hence my comment :  you assume these women want these human rights my friend . 
  pull your heads out of your asses . 
  you 're in for a major culture shock when you actually get to know some of these people . 
  yes mate . 
  do they speak for all muslim women ? 
  do you know any muslim women ? 
  i know plenty that would n't have a problem with this and just see it as normal . 
  part of the family structure . 
  you think i 'm the one being ignorant here . 
  mate if you asked them they would n't think they 're being oppressed . 
  they 'd see it as just their role in their relationship . 
  i 've never been to romania . 
  but how much mass media is there ? 
  tv/advertising things like that . 
  the uk is crawling with it . 
  they did a test on kids in romania recently . 
  they were all asked to rate themselves on attractiveness from 1-10 . 
  if i recall they had some of the highest out of everyone in europe . 
  with lots of kids giving themselves a 10 . 
  so they had a really positive image of themselves . 
  why are you all so happy damn it . 
  romania is filled with vampires ffs, 
  rice ? 
  damn ... now if you said tea we 'd be in business ... 
   it 's time the left in the uk stood up for human rights for muslim women you assume these women want these human rights my friend . 
  it 's not a photograph mate . 
   i am asian be honest , do you own a hat like that . 
  oh great . 
  another edgy self important activist . 
   i have a feeling you 're just pointing out this show because it hurts your white pride and seeing black people talk about black culture annoys and confuses you . 
  this gave me a chuckle . 
  thanks xvampireweekend5 . 
  how 's living in your mothers basement working out for you ? 
   freedom means not just good things , it means you will meet nice and ugly things alike ... if you only want the nice things that is not freedom you want in the first place this is very true . 
  i have n't thought about it like that . 
  you ca n't just live of dessert food it 's not healthy . 
  alright fair enough . 
  but just donuts , really ? 
  apologizes my friend . 
  so why is this devil so obsessed with donuts ? 
  god they sound even sillier . 
  do you still call french canadians `` baguettes '' . 
  or is `` poutines '' the correct term ?
