  hats off to that woman for sticking up for her guy like that . 
  she 's a keeper . 
  no jealousy is also wanting something someone else has . 
  but you can be a jealous lover , constantly jealous of the attention your lover gives to other people . 
  so a jealous lover * is * afraid of losing their so . 
  but they 're called jealous because they want the attention their so is giving someone else . 
  ( also babies are delicious who would n't want more of them honestly ), 
  either or really . 
  not too much difference . 
  jealousy is a slightly more extreme version of envy . 
   annoying little brats that ca n't follow orders laughing . 
  most german description of babies ever . 
  cheeky mare . 
  tank bants . 
  ... why ? 
  someone is obviously jealous of our huge amount of babies ... 
  admission of guilt ? 
  i 've spent a huge amount of time with the nhs the last year and a half . 
  it 's in a grim state . 
  did you vote today ? 
  you 'll probably find this means more to germany , than it does to the jewish population . 
  norway . 
  explain yourself this instant . 
  and loads of popes . 
  so so many popes . 
  you guys have popes , like , everywhere . 
  i donno you guys are also pretty good at suits and organized crime . 
  get it together italy . 
  how many words for pasta though ? 
  `` weed can be smoked anywhere , but only here weed can be smoked in front of an ancient roman ruin . '', 
  quality slogan to draw in the tourists there italy . 
  `` why not hit fat bong rips ... while in front of a colosseum ? 
  nice . 
  anyone else you can think of austria ? 
   spaghetti spaghetti is bloody delicious how is that a problem . 
  to be fair they are probably some extremely well engineered brooms . 
  they probably stole all their r&d ? 
  you 're lying . 
  germany thinks brooms are an acceptable form of weaponry . 
  do n't deny it . 
  we all know . 
  that was an insult surely ? 
  looks like they really took my comment to heart ; http://en.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2xy025/germany_to_drastically_increase_military/cp4mkqx, 
   a lot of people want some feeling of revenge for me personally it 's about protecting the rest of the populous that are n't prone to joining up with religious fanatics to go on a killing spree . 
  this is like the start of a really shit , bleak , fantasy adventure . 
  `` here , before you go , you must take this ! '', 
  * throws down hoe from the top of the wall * `` a hoe ? ... is this magical ? ... '', 
  no that 's like , twice as bad . 
  let 's go to nochan instead . 
  this is beautiful lads , i 'm welling up . 
  germany please stop building such comically huge tanks . 
  behave yourself . 
  how can you even call yourself french . 
  alright now frenchie listen here . 
  i do n't want to fight you but if you push me i 'm not afraid . 
  i 've watched you across the water doing all your weird french things and i know you 're up to something . 
  so do n't think we 're not wise to it . 
   i feel sorry for you . 
  well you can do that in the corner as well , champ . 
  we are actually famous for out sense of humor , mate . 
  we literally invented banter . 
  you 're thinking of the germans . 
  piss off and die quietly in a corner somewhere would you . 
  keep your clothes on you simpering hysterical moron . 
  it 's called humor . 
  do n't worry . 
  our economy will suck soon enough . 
  then they 'll move your way . 
  like a horde of locusts . 
  leaving us to pick up the pieces amid thousands of closing mobile phone repair shops . 
  / u/bosgeus is just trying to have a cheeky britain-hate-wank . 
  leave him alone . 
   you got ta hold those black people somewhere !, 
  they seem to be pretty keen on housing each other in graveyards . 
  so i think it will be ok . 
  it 's actually because the people that used to have the babies are now working . 
  is it really a conspiracy if you say jews control the sciences in russia ? 
  they 're pigs . 
  pull yourselves together . 
  i 'm almost positive no one here has ever set foot on a farm in their lives . 
  they 'll enforce it as well as their border controls . 
  with a bleeding heart leading to exsanguination . 
  you could honestly use this as a sort of covert warfare . 
  spread rumors in developing countries that an opposing country is accepting anyone that comes to them . 
  the horde aims it 's sights at them , bringing crime , disorder and financial costs . 
  boom . 
  job done . 
  it 's like a monty python sketch . 
  no wonder that place is such a mess . 
  no i 'd be livid . 
  dogs are lovely how dare you . 
   more is n't being done about this . 
  because of twerps like you scuttling about trying to suffocate discussion about it . 
  it 's been that way for years . 
  this country would be better off without you . 
   why did n't he just reveal those juicy secrets while he worked there , to give more legitimacy to his claims ? 
  gee buddy . 
  maybe so he does n't lose his job ? 
   keep the conspiritards rolling in . 
  you 're literally in a thread where an anti-doping agency boss was blowing the whistle on a conspiracy over the creation of performance enhancing drugs .
