well someone just got destroyed . 
  / u/tardmarauder got a response to this ? 
  amazing cheese though . 
   my family name ends with the letters `` man '' , making my denial less believable . 
  indeed . 
  how do we know if you 're telling the truth ... 
   `` are you a jew ? '', 
  well ? 
  so hydroretentive . 
  i heard they do n't even sweat . 
  no he actually has a solid point here . 
  you are the one who is racist against the swole people . 
  you 're just jelly france . 
  unless it 's about bicycles you do n't even care these days . 
  `` you do n't need a neck where we 're going son . '', 
  ^ ^ mate , ^ ^ no ^ ^ one ^ ^ actually ^ ^ calls ^ ^ us ^ ^ that . 
  czech confirmed for skinny fat ecto . 
  also surprised to not see germany there . 
  honestly they 're not wrong . 
  the internet allows a lot of niche extremist to come together and sustain themselves . 
  groups of people that would have petered out or have been absorbed by the greater cultural mass . 
  sometimes this is good . 
  sometimes this is bad . 
  no i mean you 're not allowed to undergo brain surgery if you 're an alcoholic . 
  think that might actually be a thing ... 
   in reality it 's just as hard to stop gaining weight as it is to quit smoking have you ever quit smoking ? 
  wait is this serious ? 
  he means `` operating with a loose set of morals '' . 
  basically . 
  not that i even agree with that . 
  i do n't . 
  but to quibble over the meaning of one word is tedious and just hampers discussion . 
  stop it . 
  welp . 
  let 's have this discussion degenerate into a pointless semantic debate . 
  your choice . 
  you can guess given the context . 
  it would be disengeuous to pretend you do n't know . 
  well at least france is accurate . 
  nah he looks like an alien pretending to be a gay icon from the 80s . 
   sex-slaves are usually the women they capture . 
  how do you know ? 
  no way . 
  mind if i download this ? 
  and serene . 
  damn it i like cold and boring . 
  it 's my domain . 
  if they do n't like it they can bugger off . 
  i once saw a german eat 14 large hamsters . 
  while they were still alive . 
  true story . 
   `` too many spaghetti '' guy who ? 
  you can just tell that pope has the dankest weed . 
  lies . 
  since when did we last do anything innovative . 
  i have n't innovated anything in ages . 
  i demand payment in well designed , low cost flat pack furniture . 
  the jews, 
  no one has eaten those since the 1800s ... right ? 
  you can have half a scotch egg . 
  i wonder if the cabbage in sauerkraut is humanly slaughtered . 
  if you do n't mind reheating i could smuggle you some . 
  oooooft look at you you dirty hussy . 
  then what do they like ? 
  look , grease if one of the staple food groups . 
  it 's good for you . 
   each person has to be 4 times ( !!! ), 
  as efficient as their 1970s counterpart . 
  with modern technology , is that unreasonable ? 
  ideological cleansing . 
  you mean brooms . 
   prosecution i think that should be `` persecution '' , mate . 
  `` prosecution '' would suggest they are criminals . 
  only two letters different , but a very different meaning . 
   french risky click of the day . 
  i 'm not even sure we 're allowed to . 
  looks like a planned mistake to me . 
  spain you cheeky devils . 
  you 're a megapost m8, 
  so living parody then . 
  ... oh hey america ... you 're not supposed to be in here ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ awwwwwkward, 
  not really ? 
  they killed him and succeeded in their task . 
  not to mention this is the only time we 're aware they 've done it . 
  i 'm willing to bet they 've done this sort of thing on lower profile targets many many times without anyone picking up on it . 
  they certainly seemed to know what they were doing choosing the type of poison . 
  i know people do n't like russia but to underestimate them as slapstick bumbling villains is very very dangerous . 
  i think you 're right . 
  they thought it would have been undetectable due to its obscure nature . 
  actually the green party would have banned many more things if you read their manifesto . 
  they 're extremely authoritarian . 
  very industrious . 
  imo they should have kept the tunnel like that . 
  just wide enough to peer suspiciously at the french ... 
  ... but not wide enough for them to launch some sort of retaliation for waterloo . 
  you could attach some sort of combine harvester mechanism to the front of the train perhaps ? 
  when was this taken ? 
  do n't start this again germany ... 
  swines . 
  still .
