  you 've got to prioritize those over everything else after all . 
  maybe when you stop imprisoning poor birds in clocks i 'm might let you sample it you swines . 
  i do n't . 
  just that there is a greater variance in a country that is 27 times bigger ? 
  denial is wide spread in germany it seems . 
  you really think america as a society is as homogeneous as germany ? ... 
   it 's maybe not very exotic spam is an exotic fruit of paradise you philistine . 
  go back to carving holes in your cheese . 
   i ca n't grasp how they keep all that grease running in their veins . 
  it takes a lot of concentration basically . 
   well , the us is by any metric less safe than germany if you 're into statistics . 
  if you treat a country that is 27 times bigger than germany as a single country then yes . 
  there 's some god awful places in north america . 
  but there 's plenty of perfectly nice places too where the most likely thing to kill you is a cheese burger . 
  this is getting quite spicy . 
   yeah , they have posters up round me saying `` lock your car . 
  do n't leave your valuables on the seat . '', 
  we do live in scotland though . 
  practically mordor . 
  the bible belt . 
   how do you propose we take guns away from people who refuse to give them up ? 
  with guns silly . 
   they have no idea how to handle real danger . 
  they 've probably experienced relative peace untill now . 
  we can send down some glaswegian policemen if you like . 
  well you know religion is the opiate of the masses and all . 
  there 's that story from ww2 . 
  where they ran out of morphine for soldiers being amputated . 
  so instead of giving it to them . 
  they just told them they were getting it . 
  and it still had pain killing effects . 
  '' * the power of the placebo first came to light during the second world war . 
  morphine was in short supply in military field hospitals and an american anaesthetist called henry beecher , who was preparing to treat a soldier with terrible injuries , feared that without the drug the operation could induce a fatal heart attack . 
  * * in desperation , one of the nurses injected the man with a harmless solution of saline . 
  to beecher 's surprise the patient settled down as if he had been given morphine and felt little pain during the operation . 
  dr beecher had witnessed the placebo effect . 
  * '' http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/health/8376919/how-a-simple-sugar-pill-from-the-doctor-may-not-be-a-thing-of-the-past.html belief is a very very powerful thing . 
   or else we will call our invaders emigrants back you 're not allowed . 
  your women are too attractive . 
  besides , i saw them all standing in a queue drinking tea and complaining the other day ... ... [ they 're british now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rn8egta.gifv ) . 
  i think that 's part of what makes it hard to forge . 
  i like the shape at least . 
  well just behave yourself . 
  i 'm not messing around . 
  no way . 
  actually i really like it for once . 
  you ca n't have it . 
  send it back or i 'll call you mean names . 
   and the whole holocaust and ww2 thing . 
  they found a copy of hitlers diary . 
  apparently it was all just bants . 
  a huge practical joke that got out of hand . 
  quiet you baguette shepherd . 
  i 'm pretty sure their chief export is kek is it not ? 
  japan what are you doing here you 're not european stop it, 
  indeed . 
  i also think we should ban baguettes . 
  just to make the french mad . 
  they 'll be like vampires without blood . 
  watched another one . 
  so he 's basically some sort of muslim/russian warlord ? 
  seems like another medieval muslim state . 
  googled a bit . 
  not totally sure who he is . 
  can anyone explain ? 
  he 's a trucker mate . 
  ... you said in english . 
  sarcasm never is on the internet so i try to avoid using it . 
  milk first brew just was n't strong enough anymore mate . 
  i had to admit it . 
  i have a confession . 
  i switched sides . 
  to be honest i 'll eat anything . 
  i just ate a whole bag of pork scratchings . 
  some of them still had hair on them . 
  so probably yeah . 
  they can have jedward instead . 
  stop it . 
  that 's enough . 
  yeah you 'd think that would n't you ... 
  how do they know it 's not a spy ? 
  norway stop eating weird things . 
  i think that 's the point yep . 
  not sure if this is a joke or not . 
  because it might work . 
  no mosque and headless corpse in the background . 
  inaccurate . 
  give it back you shits . 
  i wish i did n't google that on a sunday morning . 
  what 's the stuff behind the computer screen ? 
  why can you see his nipples ? ... 
  like you need to ask . 
  still works . 
  it just pms you now . 
  germany always has to take things too far . 
   otherwise people may be freezing when the winter comes . 
  probably should n't have let those people in if you 're just going to send them back then ? 
  it 's just shallow political posturing at the expense of the german people . 
  is n't this a joke taking the piss out of ravers ? 
  i laughed .
