  edit : you deleted your response but it was a interesting one . 
  thanks . 
  a revolting intellectual coward . 
  i agree . 
  he should be fired . 
  upping the effort a little from `` lol no '' . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  it 's a bit too late . 
  you 've missed your chance by being a snotty prick . 
  i will however give you one last chance to squeal `` racist '' if you like . 
  being generous . 
  i did n't ... i just suggested `` similar cultures '' . 
  at least more similar than germany . 
  where they 're evidently going to have a hard time fitting in . 
  something tells me you 're an idiot . 
  shame you ca n't just squeal `` racist '' at me any more hmmm ? 
  you still can if it will make you feel better . 
  but i 'm sorry if you 're no longer able to join in the discussion . 
   reddit is being overrun by right-wing extremists groan . 
  hmmm . 
  yeah it 's probably nothing . 
  let 's just ignore it and move on . 
  eh germany ? 
  no i agree . 
  i just think the title was a joke . 
  there 's no way it could be anything other than ghettos that cause problems for a long long time . 
  i think the title was a sarcastic joke . 
   hanging around in `` straight '' ( or should i say not-aimed-at-gays ? ), 
  bars the correct term is `` hetro-bummer '' . 
  thank you . 
   `` similar , '' why quotation marks ? 
  you 're not so ignorant as to think every country across the face of the globe shares a similar compatible culture are you ? 
  there 's plenty of similar cultures that could take them where they 'd fit in better ? 
  why are people so desperate to haul them thousands of miles out of the way when it results in things like this ? 
  l-o-l shameless . 
  perhaps . 
  they just want to bus in cheap workers ? 
   german authorities are long accused of playing down refugee sex crime reports . 
  why though ? 
  why the insane desperation to bring in refugees ? 
   he has completely lost touch with reality . 
  i agree . 
  but why has this happened ? 
  why to such an extreme ? 
  under the skin in my ass . 
  where no doubt you 'll continue to be a pain . 
  enjoy your lofty position , mate . 
  s-she 's ... not even wearing a corset ... 
  i say americas women look like brash ruffians . 
  everyone knows you go gallivanting around town flashing your ankles to all and sundry like a slattern whore , america . 
  ahhh i was loading it inline . 
  `` in her scandalously short tricolor skirt '' that whore showing off her ankles !, 
  who is who in this image, 
   it wants to be left alone . 
  and you can see why . 
  how about no . 
  crawl back under your rock . 
  sadly on this issue germany is being drawn to the clock that 's at least right twice a day rather than the one that 's never right at all . 
   we 've already lost over my dead body , mate . 
   im afraid germans still thinks she is great honestly ? ... why ? 
   told you so . 
  i ca n't bring myself to say it . 
  i just feel sad and empty to be honest . 
  what 's sadder than the massive problems and misery to come is the current state of western civilization . 
  spineless , simpering , cringing , childish . 
  unwilling to take a hard stance on difficult issues . 
  i could go on all day . 
  it 's not something i can any longer identify with . 
   imaginary leftist person buddy it 's not imaginary . 
  if they did n't exist this would n't be happening would it ? 
  this thread would n't be here . 
  what an insane simpering fuckwit . 
  perhaps ralf old boy you should n't give these people ammunition by proving them right in the first place hmmm ? 
  acknowledge that not all cultures are automatically amazing and compatible . 
  attempt to control immigration on a basic level . 
  when you 're looking for a flatmate you do n't automatically just pick anyone do you ? 
  you find someone you like and get a long with . 
  someone that you have something in common with . 
  otherwise living together can be impossible . 
  we tend to slowly import things from you so sadly i see it coming . 
  the more ` diverse ' this country becomes the more squabbling and tension . 
  until it 's eventually a ridiculous shithole . 
  corbyn is a bumbling 60 year old with the political views of a 18 year old . 
  you 're supposed to be young at heart not in the head you old fool . 
   also an example to the white indigenous population old whitey mcracist always lurking round every corner of course . 
  why are you voting for him out of interest ? 
  if you 're all so rich maybe you guys can afford some cheese without holes in it . 
  i was going to go with `` allahu akbar '' . 
  ... heroin then ? 
  no but you are vampires . 
  probably . 
  crab mentality . 
  you 're all crab people basically . 
  it 's scientific fact . 
  `` would you like to supersize that ? '', 
  i honestly think the canadian accent is very different from american . 
  am i the only one ? 
  rampant alcoholics . 
  the idea you can compare two countries of such differing size on overall statistics alone is absurd . 
  whatever protects your precious feelings buddy .
