  [ i 'm sorry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohzrhejhs2k ) . 
  uhhhhh ... yeah if all you care about is winning a referendum ? 
  despite the fact that the people just voted no not even a year ago . 
  she 's ignoring that though because it 's not the answer she wanted . 
  this will just fuck the economy even more into the ground and shit in the face of all the people that voted no , undermining the entire democratic process . 
  doubt anyone cares though . 
  this shitty island is filled with small minded self centred idiots . 
   lol i do have relatives over there . 
  hope they enjoy their next quiet pint . 
  hope it goes safely . 
   literally insulting an entire nation and all the people in it buddy at least i 'm aware i 'm doing it ? 
  if you had any living relatives over here that could stomach you , you 'd know that the people dying in `` an occasional bar fight '' were your family . 
  there 's two stereotypes here . 
  the angry scotsman and the thick american . 
   few things . 
  no one seriously gets killed or even injured over the england-ireland divide you have no fucking idea !, 
  holy crap . 
  have you ever even been here ? 
  i 've had friends stabbed just for being english on a friday night . 
  loads of people have . 
  the animosity you joke about still gets people killed you stupid degenerate fucktard . 
  can you kindly fuck off ? 
  i may be an asshole but at least i 'm not stupid . 
  stop embarrassing yourself and your country . 
  whatever makes you feel better . 
  no i 'm a scotsman . 
  i 'm just not a small minded idiot . 
  welcome to the year 2016 . 
  well this is a gross little england hate fest i 've uncovered here . 
  scotsman here by the way . 
  # - banter confirmed -, 
  it 's crude bullshit . 
  i 've never liked charlie hebdo but my god i will get pissed if someone threatens to kill them for their shitty comics . 
  you have no communication skills . 
  go work on them . 
  longest shitpost wall ever . 
  have you been taking amphetamines ? 
  what do you want me to do , address all 40 points you 've made ? 
  clean up this word vomit . 
  prioritize and we 'll handle the select few points you actually care about ? 
  thanks . 
  deleted my friend . 
  they wo n't let me post it and do n't answer back when asked why . 
  it was deleted twice here for linking to an archive and not being neutral enough . 
  nope . 
  most people in the uk do n't . 
  why our society is the way it is is n't general knowledge . 
   you are however . 
  completely true . 
  and it was n't until my later adult years that i realized there was a bias in how i was taught . 
  i do n't think i ever heard of one single reason why capitalism is the system we 've adopted today . 
  and i 'm pretty well educated holding a first class honors degree in a hard science . 
  i had to learn myself about it 's benefits . 
  the majority of my peers are the same . 
  not really . 
  many of his party hold the same ideals but just hate him because he 's useless . 
  about as useless as they 'd be . 
  my point it these people used to grow up and accept reality . 
  university is supposed to help with that . 
  but it seems to be doing the opposite these days . 
   the youth has always been decadent , disrespectful to the past , radical and eager to believe trendy nonsense . 
  i think corbyn is in his late 60 's ? 
  and hes the leader of one of the two main political parties in britain at the moment . 
   merkel was a science scientist , david cameron learned philosophy , politics and economics . 
  probably why they actually made it into power ? 
  my point is they are the best we can do . 
  which is pretty poor . 
  dc and merkel have made arguably grave judgment errors that have probably changed their country forever . 
  anyway this thread has been removed for not being neutral enough so this place is now dead . 
  he 's been brainwashed . 
  interesting article though . 
  thanks . 
  and the membership are an ignorant mob of crusties basically at this stage . 
  this todays killing then ? 
  this seems like a fake degree paper ? ... 
  a front . 
  a paper so dense and obtuse that it 's hard to analysis and not worth refuting . 
  sounds like someone has a cheeky fake degree and this was a requirement . 
   just fucking google it . . you missed a `` shitlord '' there , chap . 
  you 're not doing much to get rid of this stereotype i see : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qesftiruiok, 
   i ca n't think of a time when the majority of a country collectively decided against all prejudiced ( seemingly rational ) thoughts and received almost no benefits . 
  as an american you should know better . 
  gutting myself with laughter . 
  take a look at your natives . 
  clearly they were not passive , tolerant and accepting enough . 
  perhaps if they turned a few more blind eyes and feigned ignorance a bit more then the enrichment process would have been a success . 
   the look on his face the day the result came out was one of terror and confusion link ? 
  perhaps he really is as stupid as he looks . 
  people call him a wolf in sheeps clothing but i just think he 's an idiot . 
  actually the uk was a net contributor to the eu . 
  both financially and with military support . 
  including nuclear . 
  the eu will suffer massively without the uk . 
  it 's the reason we had so many special exceptions in the first place . 
  similar to the powerhouse that is finland . 
  i imagine reindeer exports are huge . 
  just make a bit more effort to be homosexual . 
  that parade is barely fabulous . 
  pfffft . 
  call that gay ?
