  why ? 
  what what the hell is the donut goblin in the last picture . 
  english is pretty easy is n't it ? 
  apart from 10,11,12 . 
  no idea what is happening with those numbers . 
  it 's bananas . 
  baguettes why is your language so silly, 
   nobel piece price . 
  `` nobel peace prize '' my german friend . 
  unless it was a joke . 
  in that case carry on and do n't mind me . 
  me too . 
  is this a thing now ? 
  kadyrov has some pretty spicy banter ... 
  it 's more of a state of mind . 
  yes . 
  european governments including sweden , since this thread is about sweden . 
  i assume then he 's excluding his own . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i think he * might * have be talking about sweden mate . 
  just a wild stab in the dark . 
  i suppose . 
  i 'm scottish so i probably do n't notice . 
  weakest reason though is n't it ? 
  `` it 's cold '' boohoo ? 
  no shit it 's cold . 
  just wear extra clothes and deal with it . 
  the amusing thing is he thinks he 's a moderate . 
   like the `` paramilitary-style '' terrorist attack in the uk last week in ireland . 
  they 've been wiping each other out for god knows how long and they 'll never stop no matter what you do . 
  as long as they keep it to their tiny island no one cares . 
  it 's a bit different . 
   im from glasgow hmmm  fucking hunners alright checks out . 
  what have you seen ? 
  i 'm on the east coast of scotland . 
  why does it suck ? 
  bad internet ? 
  yes i feel it now . 
  you ca n't handle every situation by being ` nice ' . 
  only a very very sheltered person would think that . 
  sadly western society breeds these people . 
  to my shame . 
  piece of advice , if you want people to take you seriously , do n't start a sentence with `` lol '' . 
  i agree . 
  the problem is n't merkel , it 's the people that elected her . 
  and you ca n't vote on them i 'm afraid . 
  quality of life in germany will degrade however . 
  and social problems will rise . 
  good . 
  at least one country still has some vertebrae . 
  this was my first thought . 
  china and other poorer countries . 
  even something as small as rubber bands : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tixdbxtzmy, 
  it does come down ultimately to a matter of trust at the the end of the day . 
  as it does with anyone or anything that requires power over you to function . 
  as a whole , in the grand scheme of things , do i trust our security services ? 
  yes . 
  i 'm still naturally wary of them though . 
  i 've never seen it but i know the comic strip it 's based off . 
  it 's pretty funny but unless you 're british i doubt you 'd get it . 
  since it makes fun of pretty obscure british stereotypes ( actual stereotypes that exist , not the fake bad teeth or sexually repressed ones ) . 
  so you 'd have to live here to get it i think . 
  well they generally keep to themselves . 
  99.9 % of the population are never aware of them or experience them . 
  which is exactly what they want i guess . 
  oh lord ... * begins to sweat *, 
  this is sort of how hitler got into power though is n't it ? 
  guilt for ww1 caused them to accept the treaty of versailles , which hobbled and repressed the german people , which led to hitler using this to take power , etc , etc. . . 
  i have no idea i 'm not german . 
  or a particularly good historian . 
   i do n't consider this a left-right issue per se , more the elites vs the masses . 
  deflection and misdirection . 
  indeed . 
  basically everything past that line will be constant rape and sodomy . 
  i 'm genuinely terrified of my own security services . 
  is that a good thing or a bad thing ? 
  because they have to wear wristbands to get food and drinks . 
  you 're not that stupid surely ? 
   you arent seriously comparing this to an all inclusive holiday . 
  that 's not why he mentioned it . 
  try again . 
  see if you can even this time . 
   you ca n't deny they are trying to help people i can mate . 
  i just did . 
  this is much more about their egos than helping people . 
  if they were trying to help people they 'd be doing a little bit more than vandalism and breaking and entering . 
  i think you 're the one that needs to get a grip here . 
  the people that really want to help refugees are the people working in refugee camps things like that . 
  but sadly that job requires a lot more effort and is far less exciting than committing crime . 
  this is a joke right ? 
  you do n't really think giving refugees wristbands so they can get free food and shelter is the same do you ? 
   you do n't imprison people for life for being nice albeit very naive people . 
  you call them nice really ? 
  they 're criminals that just so happen to agree with your ideology . 
  i think they 're scum that just want to feed their egos and hero complexes in the easiest way possible . 
  even if it causes harm to others and society . 
  i think they 're worse that common criminals because of their arrogance in thinking that they 're actually the good guy . 
  not a fan mate . 
  at all . 
  you arrested them baguette , they 're your problem now .
