why 's that ? 
  yes yes , sweden is cast in stone just like soviet union was , despite common sense screaming, 
  finns exports and trades with russia , that amount to 8 % of overall trades are down 35 % in one year alone due to eu sanctions and bad russian economy . 
  we can recover from temporary trade fuckery , you however ca n't recover welfare state from 3rd world fuckery, 
  at this rate everyone will need sunglasses in sweden , because future will be that bright, 
  that 's sort of idiotic response to the threat that 's going to loom over . 
  if young men have no prospects , they have no incentive to improve or pay for the society they 're part of . 
  young men would rather play video games and sleep long rather than wake 6am to prepare himself to mediocre job . 
  even without all that , there 's still going to be heavy increase in taxes or cuts in other places so welfare states can afford all of it . 
  and highly educated people would rather pay their taxes where they receive some return for them , meaning you are going to see brain drain, 
  i hate the meme how it 's human right to skip 10s of countries to travel for one of the most expensive countries on earth . 
  if the refugees were willing to be adjusted according to eu there would n't be this shit storm , but the amount of people leaving from eastern europe tells me different story than the one we receive from media, 
  then you can lock it , not delete whole thread and discussion, 
  nothing good for public eye it seems, 
  how so with regards hollande ? 
  just pointed out that with leftist rule there 's usually ` improvements ' to workers . 
  has to quite dire situation for that not to be happen, 
   leftist episode , the reality strikes back, 
  does n't france have the one of the most leftists government in recent history ? 
  how things are if people feel like rioting and going to strikes ? 
  was there public vote for this or was this just decided by the same government that recently kicked islamists out from their party and had minister break down in front of cameras when she had to slow down in taking immigrants to sweden ? 
  there 's quite long difference from mechanical engineers to basket weavers . 
  masters from mechanical engineering should be paid more than say electrician or plumber, 
  people are noble and polite when they can afford to be . 
  currently you could say europe can afford to be both , but not very long, 
  belgium is n't a failed state yet !!, 
  what a lovely pr campaign, 
  i do n't think creating media campaign is enough to solve the problems belgium has, 
  oh i thought you were calling out the pessimistic in me , didnt read the connection . . yeah its somewhat furious that these people are given everything in finland for new life at the expense of those who sound like finns and all we get is this , increase in crime , long term unemployment . 
  i have no idea how someone thinks this is good idea , even on a long term . 
  what true finn sounds like ? 
  i take it you do n't realize the simple fact that people are less noble when they no longer can afford to be . 
  and in regards to echr , well if vast majority decide it 's easier to just execute terrorists that keep blowing shit up than pay for their upkeep anymore , well i find it hard to believe they have nothing they can do to stop it, 
  must be working extra hard to afford that . . 
  it 's nice when people who like to work very hard and not take benefits unproportionately move by the millions . 
  i can truly ca n't fathom why someone would vote for those nasty far right parties . 
  such a bright future for those countries . 
  thank god we do not live over worst economic bubble in multiple generations or have problems integrating these hard working immigrants from cultures totally foreign to us . 
   cubeyda hassan jama , 19 , a finnish national living in london road , thornton heath , in south-east london , is charged with planning terrorism . 
  i wonder how long it will take for death penalty to return if things do n't get better but worse . 
  i think there 's good reason most islamic countries practice them out of practical need rather than barbaric beliefs . 
  i do n't think you fix deficit of supporters by bringing millions of people being supported if you are going to speak some fairy tale how their children are going to be part of those supporters , then do n't . 
  they have not so far done so with far fewer numbers , with greater numbers they 're going to face well lets say problems greater than before in regards to integrating . 
  there 's enough literature to not even debate this matter . 
  not to mention if you are banking on future generations rather than now , then it 'd be thousand times more effective just employ young men in public sector rather than women and forego with gender studies and whatnot . 
  all what importing people from mena countries will achieve is biggest economical bubble burst in 4 generations globally . 
  the current events are largely upheld with loans and what happens once you no longer do so , well lets say bring enough africans to europe and you end up with african economy and culture . 
  it 's not really first time afd or sd are portrayed as far right by media today . 
  i suppose it 's easier to kill political movement in media rather than by actions, 
  how exactly sweden democrats are far right party the whole media has devolved into name calling and ignoring facts in favor of being idiots who start tantrum and the name calling once someone does n't agree with you, 
   what do you make ? 
  tell me , i am curious . 
  why does finland produce besides depression and school shootings and video games ? 
  [ the largest industries [ 16 ] are electronics ( 21.6 percent ) , machinery , vehicles and other engineered metal products ( 21.1 percent ) , forest industry ( 13.1 percent ) , and chemicals ( 10.9 percent ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_finland ) . 
  i 'd say we 're good , one of our biggest trade partners got blocked by eu which resulted in over [ 35 % decrease in exports to russia , all things considered prospects for finland look quite good . 
  ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/finnish_exports_to_russia_down_more_than_35_percent/8251837 ) someone got tally upset , since there 's no need to get angry , even if you are about to be molested by tally o big dragon dildo against your will . 
   dude the gdp in sweden and french is higher than in finland . 
  a friggin muslim here produces more than blonde , blue eyed fin . 
  now i want citations for those numbers , that prove it 's the group you are speaking of providing , not taking . 
  how do you know that ? 
  and in this context what 's a extremist then ? 
  to state to fall you do n't need people to be extremists , you actually just need the people do nothing for common good , which sadly is something certain groups of people are very good . 
  even worse these groups of people are very good in taking the fruits of labor from people that have worked for them . 
  how long do you expect something like this to last ? 
  especially when both sides view the another with ever growing hostility . 
  to make things worse , we 're living in greatest economical bubble since ww2 . 
  how do you expect things to get better when with smaller numbers things have only been going worse and worse . 
  there 's reason why multicultural societies have always failed with certain groups of people and cultures . 
  and i can tell you now , that the failure is not from european side , has never been . 
  indeed , shame we are under 24/7 state of emergency and have non stop riots when we 're told to work . 
  oh wait , that 's you :d nothing personal mate , just the prospect for france does n't look very good . 
  considering we 're living in a bubble and you are going to have very heavy demographic changes from groups of people that are not renowned for their ability to work or live peacefully . 
  no need to get upset , even if you are going to get fucked by 10 '' dragon dildo with barbs, 
  if our economies were shit for same reasons you could have shit flinging contest , but since we are not you really ca n't . 
  it 's only going to get worse for france from this day on . 
  finland can cope with loss of nokia and trade restrictions with russia at least . 
  ladies and gentleman , let me introduce you the european of tomorrow . 
  i think you just have to look at french economy and hdi to figure that one out :d, 
  has that anything to do with soviets crashing and being reliant on soviets perhaps ? 
  like i wrote already , germany could have donkey in charge and do well . 
  and you think giving everyone citizenship once they arrive here is a good idea ? 
  you do realize usa has deficit in tens of billions due to illegal immigration . 
  they could easily combat that if they stopped giving anchor babies family citizenship . 
  hell usa is the the most debt ridden country on earth . 
  not everyone can do what usa is doing and keep their economy afloat as long as they do . 
  we 'll just end like greece but worse , we 'll have endless identity politics and riots due to the fact we no longer can pay welfare . 
  there 's no real need to stop anyone at this stage . 
  only thing you have to do is set up refugee camps and not pay welfare , preferably in poorer eu countries so you can build some temporary infrastructure for cheaper and at the same time invest in said country . 
  lining millions of people in the most expensive countries on earth will just handicap our ability to help very soon , not to mention will destroy any will from people for helping because there 's shit ton of opportunistic young men abusing the system right now , so it would also deter those asses . 
  in finland 2/3 are economic migrants and now we 're updating our system so even more will be labeled as economic migrants by state in near future . 
  good thing most of the applications were frozen . . 
  there 's no need to shoot boats just make it so that refugees are n't eligible to welfare and that they 're treated well in refugee camps . 
  that will deter economic refugees and give best care for those without options . 
  do n't hand out nationalities like candies either . 
  these people should n't be rewarded for doing nothing . 
  that 's just plain stupid at this stage to become dramatic crybaby when someone offers alternative, 
  too bad merkel has not the same wisdom, 
  fair point, 
  i think he meant cheap labor then again who knows , i certainly do not . 
  germany telling someone how they fucked up electing leaders , rich .
