  what he said about him ? 
  so norway has same system in place , but only fourth of the numbers per capita but it 's just coincidence ? 
  does n't norway count the rapes same way you do and get about quarter the amount ? 
  we also make fun of each other saying that the other party is swede, 
  it 's non violent protest that receives media attention . 
  ca n't say the same about pegida protests , even though they have attracted thousands of protesters over a year now and honestly , far-right ? 
  how ? 
  it 's possibly some pig farmer that has had enough , i somehow doubt he has any affiliation with any political power , much less with far-right . 
  even if it 's nice way to argument your case with boogeyman . 
  and regards to being haram or not , i do n't think whoever put the pig there thinks that matters . 
  there 's already strong arguments to be had in employment rates for 1st-3rd gen immigrants , crime rate and the level of integration as in speaking or even learning the language . 
  not to mention the decision to bring only young men will immensely backfire . 
  germany had already surplus of young men , now they have even more , that 'll surely end up well, 
  i do n't really see the situation getting better , and with greater numbers come greater problems, 
  once again finland manages drive off russia, 
  and how long you think that will last with current events and birth rates ? 
  what is your assumption for what will happen once you have too many takers in society built on having more givers than takers ? 
  will they be given that free money for nothing for very long ? 
  what will happen afterwards ? 
  as i wrote , in my opinion the people speaking for immigration from mena countries are incredible shortsighted if not outright stupid for exactly this and multitude of other reasons . 
  we 're not helping anyone , we 're downgrading ourselves . 
  if it 's help you want to do , this is the very worst thing you can do for these people and us . 
  if you are stupid enough to believe guy who 's saying you 'll find paradise , just give me 10 000 $ dollars , then i say he got what they deserved . 
  their expectations at best are unrealistic and frankly stupid . 
  european standard or quality of life did n't just magically come to us overnight , it was worked for over hundreds of years to get where we are today . 
  and now , it seems people with good hearts but idiotic brains are bringing it all down in one generation . 
  i do n't know more shortsighted people than the ones in our current generation talking for immigration from mena countries . 
  if you want to help people , you should help them where they need help . 
  not shit where you eat in a manner of speaking . 
  well i have no doubt russia partakes in propaganda war , but then again if you 've read about news you should consider our actions regarding propaganda . 
  i 'm not saying one wrong corrects another , but rather than the fact there 's no country that does n't try to alter general attitude . 
  i 'm not quite sure why russia would want all out war , they 're rich in natural resources and there might be couple things they could be after but there 's nothing really to gain for russia in doing so regarding the_donald , i think the general mindset behind the ` massive popularity ' is due to the fact that middle class is shrinking and people look out for someone to save them . 
  it 's quite easy to see couple reasons for shrinking middle class and link them to immigration , which seems to be the hot topic of today . 
  of course there 's fact how different demographics vote and how some of it is detrimental for working class ( say minimum wage , illegal immigration , illegal workers , different state funded programs aimed at minorities etc ) and of course there 's the fact how today demographics are really going to be skewed and that means less power democratically in a manner . 
  do groups of people that could be largely unemployed vote for reduction in welfare in order to save taxes so middle class can flourish or will they vote for larger welfare ? 
  that 's just one example . 
  well i 'm not saying slavery was ever a good thing . 
  but if you have to weight the morals and cruelty behind it , then yes . 
  western slavery never quite reached the heights where arabs or africans themselves raised the bar . 
  of course time periods and groups of people differ but if we look the situation as a whole then my claim is very true . 
  but on regards being a snowflake whom do not partake in discussion , well that 's quite unfortunate because i highly doubt with that attitude you will ever read about the subject and will perhaps endlessly parrot incorrect statements backed by movies or other meaningless source of facts , such as opinions how horrible we 've been despite being the ones who actually ended slavery globally . 
  and i 'd love to hear more about the academics debating the issue , where you read about it ? 
  i do n't quite defend slave trade , i 'm merely comparing two devils and measuring them based on modern morals, 
  i do n't think we have competition here , even if some people try very hard, 
  i do n't think you need trolls to make europe look bad, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_slave_trade arab slave trade brought about 18 million slaves before it was banned by europeans . 
  it lasted about 1 000 years and normal procedure was to castrate men and bring mainly young castrated boys . 
  and was not inclusive to african slaves and included european slaves also thorough the history . 
  there are quite few books on the subject yet it 's least discussed mainly due to leftist bias in universities and schools i suppose . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_africa african slavery varied so it would truly be better for the discussion if we could pinpoint group of people because there are thousands of different customs that went from ownership to ritualistic sacrifices of another tribe . 
  however in general african slavery was practiced 'till europeans banned it due colonies ultimately , except for few countries that still practice it today . 
  it 's quite difficult to pinpoint since when africans have practiced slavery due to fragmented tribes and culture but if we 're going by popular vote it was around as long we can date back things . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantic_slave_trade western slavery was mainly focused towards slavs in europe but since that 's not really fun topic lets discuss atlantic slave trade , because the special snowflake you are , it 's probably the only topic you are interested or know of , so i 'm going to do you favor and let you read the article yourself so you can do factual discussion on it in the future . 
  i also recommend books such as the slave trade by hugh thomas and from chains to bonds : the slave trade revisited by doudou di\u00e8ne, 
  slavery exists today in countries without european influence . 
  slavery was far more brutal outside european system and it existed long before and after europeans if you are going to whine about what we did , you can see what we replaced with it . 
  arab/african slavery trade was far more cruel than european slave trade in any point in history , whether it 's about quantity or treatment . 
  when teachers want books banned and kids read too much i can safely say your educational system is a joke, 
  that must suck . 
  escape your country because of persecution and end up in same room with people that destroyed your life in your home country . 
  good fucking job yuropien union, 
  not really , if you study it hard enough you might get past liberal bias, 
  linux will rule the world, 
  such as ? 
  sure , everyone has evil and bad people but christians as a group have done far more good than any other group in the world thus far in human history . 
  we can debate whether it 's ending the slavery , giving women rights to vote , advancing science to levels never seen before , advancing medicine to same heights . 
  not one of those things can be said about say groups in north-africa , middle-east . 
  in fact slavery is still practiced today and women do not have rights to vote everywhere . 
  only places where christians and europeans went those things could be achieved . 
  we could argue colonization destroyed africa , but did it truly ? 
  europeans or christians brought * wheel * and science to the colonized countries , and they took things like diamonds and gold ore , which had little to no use previously . 
  that does not halt advancement , on the contrary . 
  saying that christians murdered people is nonsense , more people die today to lack of european help to things like malaria and disease or simply stupidity . 
  all which would 've been solved in due time with european presence . 
  anyone calling out cheap labor in places with high density of malaria is idiotic , no one will ever invest those places without incentive . 
  i do n't think you can include uganda to world that does n't stone people for being gay , nor can you include them into western world , unless of course you think i included everyone that has heard of jesus when i spoke about we and people that do not stone people, 
  do we have christian laws then ? 
  or man made laws ? 
  that 's the difference between countries that stone people and those that do not for say , being gay  you do n't see reconquista patrols outside in europe , but you do see sharia patrols , 
  it never does it never does . . , 
  victory has defeated us, 
  no , we do n't really have such rules and if we 're talking about religious rules such as not marrying outside your faith , then it kinda has everything to do with sharia law, 
   paul [ really ? 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/yqycy8c ) that 's not just something media decided to call him ? 
  not to mention they could n't catch europes most wanted in bryssels , i do n't think ordering ingredients that can be used for number of other things is going to be downfall of anyone, 
  i really would like to see numbers on violent crime . 
  i think there has only been change from gun violence into a stabby violence that 's usually far more lethal in numbers, 
  why ? 
  building pipe bombs and pressure bombs in general are n't complicated nor need exotic materials, 
  why ? 
  banning guns does nothing in age where you can google bomb instructions and order the ingredients in 5 minutes, 
  they could be russian for all i care , i just pointed some place , which was afghan this time around . 
  if people who are born in afghan , do n't speak swedish , do n't know swedish culture , are they swedish ? 
  to be it 's quite absurd that news stations are reporting it as so . 
  giving nationalities does n't do anything in age where you are born in afghan and move to sweden for 3 years and gain nationality even if you do n't know what k\u00f6ttbullar is or speak the language . 
  perhaps names will, 
  was she the crazy lady that started to cry on tv after she had to tune down destruction of sweden ? 
  perhaps you should brush your history lessons on human history . 
  just because we 're living in peace in west for now does not mean it will be forever . 
  perhaps the most memorable selfie in his lifetime,
