  do climate change deniers deserve equal ground as scientist for example . 
  eh , i guess i took it a bit too far :d . it is mostly young people who are just joining a bandwagon though . 
  edit : as much as i assume , you do more and beyond with your comment . 
  wtf do you mean i dont care , should i go and ask for the entire life stories of everyone protesting , get off your high horse . 
  i 'm currently in hamburg and everyone who i 've talked to that is against the g20 meeting is either misinformed or just talking shit because it seems to be a popular stance . 
  like the meeting has to be held somewhere , it 's an inconvenience bo fucking hoo , get on with your life , if hamburg gets a pass then the next city will want one as well . 
  a lot of people are complaining that there 's too many helicopters and it annoys them . 
  wtf of a reason is this ? 
  saying shit like : hamburg is a poor city state and ca n't afford it , while the city-state has the largest gdp per capita in the country and represents 3.6 % of the entire gdp of germany plus it 's not like you 're paying for the leaders accommodation or security , that 's being taken care of their own fucking government.this would probably be a net positive if people would just fucking chill . 
  saying terrorist will attack but complaining about safety measures , violent protesting and destroying cars and police stations , much more than any terrorist attack has achieved recently . 
  saying shit like they do n't support trump , putin and erdogan , when these meetings are there to create dialogue . 
  also fuck st pauli , it 's just a shit hole with pseudo anarchists who live on welfare . 
  i 'm currently in hamburg and everyone who i 've talked to that is against the g20 meeting is either misinformed or just talking shit because it seems to be a popular stance . 
  like the meeting has to be held somewhere , it 's an inconvenience bo fucking hoo , get on with your life . 
  like most people are complaining that there 's too many helicopters and it annoys them . 
  wtf of a reason is this ? 
  saying shit like : hamburg is a poor city state and ca n't afford it , while the city-state has the largest gdp per capita in the country and represent 3.6 % of the entire gdp of germany plus it 's not like you 're paying for the leaders accommodation or security , that 's being taken care of their own fucking government.this would probably be a net positive if people would just fucking chill . 
  saying terrorist will attack but complaining about safety measures , violent protesting and destroying cars and police stations , much more than any terrorist attack has achieved recently . 
  saying shit like they do n't support trump , putin and erdogan , when these meetings are there to create dialogue . 
  frankly i think the average * young * hamburger is a total idiot . 
   i think there are rights that we as human being have simply by the fact that we are autonomous rational individual , and that these rights exists as a moral obligation for people to respect regardless of the particular situation of country , ethnicity , race , religion , government , etc. 
  the laws of nature hold no place or information about ethics . 
  in fact ethics are by definition subjective . 
  morals and ethical systems have changed over humanities history . 
  hence moral relativism . 
  hence human rights can never be universal . 
   if i was in north korea , i would not the right to criticize the north korean government . 
  the fact that this `` right '' is not respected by the north korean government does n't mean that the right does n't exist as a moral obligation . 
  obligation to whom . 
  whom gives you this divine right ? 
  right now human rights are based on a western model . 
  to the eyes of people who follow the human right to criticize government , you are inferring the peoples rights , to china you are not . 
   soviet concept of human rights was different from conceptions prevalent in the west . 
  according to western legal theory , `` it is the individual who is the beneficiary of human rights which are to be asserted against the government '' , whereas soviet law declared that state is the source of human rights . 
  see : http://www.iep.utm.edu/hum-rts/#h5 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moral_relativism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights#philosophy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philosophy_of_human_rights#critiques_of_human_rights, 
  human rights are given and enforced by a state upon a person . 
  thats why some places have euthenesia , capital punishment , no free speech , no right to a fair trial , no freedom from slavery , no right to bear arms , no freedom of religion . 
  you get different rights depending on your citizenship and place of residence . 
  human rights are not universal , they come in flavours . 
  i 'm actually not , you are just a whiny bitch . 
  lol at being born with rights . 
  if there 's no one to enforce them they mean nothing . 
  go to north korea and see where your rights get you . 
  lol at your dismissal of the only court rulings on this subject , literally the way eu law works . 
  lol at you dismissing one state suing the other but allowing , this when it suits your argument . 
  abortion is not treated as murder in german courts so it would not fall under that jurisdiction . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statelessness#causes_of_statelessness  conflicting nationality laws are one of many causes of statelessness . 
  [ 4 ] nationality is usually acquired through one of two modes , although many nations recognize both modes today :  jus soli ( `` right of the soil '' ) denotes a regime by which nationality is acquired through birth on the territory of the state . 
  this is common in australia and the americas . 
  jus sanguinis ( `` right of blood '' ) is a regime by which nationality is acquired through descent , usually from a parent who is a national . 
  almost all states in europe , asia , africa , and oceania grant citizenship at birth based upon the principle of jus sanguinis . 
  a person can be stateless at birth if they are born in a state which does not recognize jus soli , but do not have any parents eligible to pass citizenship by jus sanguinis . 
  for instance , if a child were born outside canada to two canadian parents who were also born outside canada to a canadian parents , then they would not be a canadian citizen since jus sanguinis is only recognized for the first generation in canada . 
  if the child were born in india and neither parent had indian citizenship , then the child would be stateless since india only confers citizenship to children born to at least one indian parent . 
   people may also become stateless as a result of administrative and practical problems , especially when they are from a group whose nationality is questioned . 
  individuals might be entitled to citizenship but unable to undertake the necessary procedural steps . 
  they may be required to pay excessive fees for documentation proving nationality , to provide documentation that is not available to them , or to meet unrealistic deadlines ; or they may face geographic or literacy barriers . 
   in disruptive conflict or post-conflict situations , many people find that difficulties in completing simple administrative procedures are exacerbated . 
  [ 16 ] such obstacles may affect the ability of individuals to complete procedures such as birth registration , fundamental to the prevention of statelessness in children . 
  whilst birth registration alone does not confer citizenship on a child , the documentation of place of birth and parentage is instrumental in proving the link between an individual and a state for the acquisition of nationality . 
  [ 17 ] the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) estimated in 2013 that 230 million children under the age of 5 have not been registered . 
  [ 18 ]  not holding proof of nationality -- being `` undocumented '' -- is not the same as being stateless , but the lack of identity documents such as a birth certificate can lead to statelessness . 
  many millions of people live their entire lives without documents , without their nationality ever being questioned . 
   two factors are of particular importance :  whether the nationality in question was acquired automatically or through some form of registration whether the person has ever been denied documents on the basis that he or she is not a national . 
  if nationality is acquired automatically , the person is a national regardless of documentation status ( although in practice , the person may face problems accessing certain rights and services because he or she is undocumented , not because he or she is stateless ) . 
  if registration is required , then the person is not a national until that process has been completed . 
   as a practical matter , the longer a person is undocumented , the greater the likelihood that he or she will end up in a situation where no state recognizes him or her as a national . 
  ** it still is the cornerstone of medical ethics , and people do get prosecuted for violating it . 
  **  there is no direct punishment for breaking the hippocratic oath , although an arguable equivalent in modern times is malpractice . 
  medical malpractice carries a wide range of punishments , from legal action to civil penalties . 
  [ 35 ] in the united states , several major judicial decisions have made reference to the classical hippocratic oath , either upholding or dismissing its bounds for medical ethics : roe v. wade , washington v. harper , compassion in dying v. state of washington ( 1996 ) , and thorburn v. department of corrections ( 1998 ) . 
  [ 36 ] in antiquity , the punishment for breaking the hippocratic oath could range from a penalty to losing the right to practice medicine . 
  ** if you consider live to begin with conception , abortion is not a `` medical practice '' much like shooting someone is n't ** it requires a medical specialist to perform a medical procedure . 
  that is by definition a medical practice or the practice of medicine on an individual . 
  you might argue whether it falls under family practice :d . ** the state in which abortion is illegal would sue your mother and the involved medical professionals ) for it . 
  in fact , the possibility exists in german law ( \u00a7 218 , though right now it is not being enforced ) . 
  murder is one of those crimes germans get prosecuted for in germany if they have not been prosecuted abroad , no matter where on the world it happens . 
  ** 1 ) then the first state will sue the entire second one for inferring on my right to have an abortion . 
  2 ) state meaning nation state , not federal state . 
  i would like to see how the german court would have any relevance to stuff happening in british territory . 
  3 ) austrian government can not issue neither german nor uk passports so until the embassy gets around to it your stateless . 
  how can you infringe rights on something that does not posses them . 
  ** citizenship is not bestowed upon you by papers . 
  and the right to life is one of the basic human rights . 
  ** it literally issued by papers , citizenship is a made up concept . 
  basic human rights are enforce by a state . 
  they are not just something you are born with . 
  seeing as how we are eu dudes :  article 2 protects the right of every person to his or her life . 
  the right to life extends only to human beings , not to non-human animals , [ 12 ] or to `` legal persons '' such as corporations . 
  [ 12 ] in evans v united kingdom , the court ruled that the right to life does not extend to a human embryo . 
  in vo v france , [ 13 ] the court declined to extend the right to life to an unborn child , while stating that `` it is neither desirable , nor even possible as matters stand , to answer in the abstract the question whether the unborn child is a person for the purposes of article 2 of the convention '' embryos have no right to live protected by a state . 
   participation in the process of abortion is mandatory through provision of tax dollars in a state in which abortions are publicly funded and provided free of charge . 
  what if a pregnancy is known to result in a severe deformation equating the child to a vegetable . 
  by letting the child be born you impose costs on society as a hole , why am i paying for your unlawful ( in an ethical , not legal , sense ) not taking of human life . 
  what if you had to pay for it , would that be ok or are you just using the only argument you have left to oppose abortion ? 
  what if you are fat and get a fat related disease , should you not pay for that as well , since i feel that being fat is immoral to your fellow men . 
  what if you are black and i felt based on my very orthodox christian values/ethics ( or law as you like to falsely equivocate ) that you are cursed by god , should society not pay for your medical expenses , as by definition you are not gods favourite , so me curing you going against the will of god . 
  what im trying to convey is that your line of reasoning can be used for all sides of the argument making it worthless . 
  no , i 'm arguing that if the state has no power over the decision it should in the end be a choice of personal morals . 
  you have chosen to be pro-life , i may not .
