  julian robertson 's tiger fund had three times the exposure of soros with almost $ 3 billion bet against the baht . 
  if anything , julian robertson would have been more motivated to engineer thailand 's decline . 
   soros has argued that hedge funds did not start the crisis it was , in fact , the reaction of thailand 's central bank to the knowledge of hedge fund positioning that exacerbated the problems . 
  with his army of liberal immigrant jews no doubt !, 
  / s http://www.businessinsider.de/how-george-soros-broke-the-bank-of-thailand-2016-9?r=us&amp;ir=t  the asian financial crisis started as a localized currency and financial crisis in thailand , but tremors soon spread to other southeast asian countries -- including malaysia , indonesia and the philippines . 
  by the fall of 1997 , the contagion extended its reach to south korea , hong kong and china , the year after russia and brazil saw their economies enter a free-fall , japan fell into recession at the end of 1998 and the us financial system balked at the possible bankruptcy of the infamous long term capital management . 
   the asian crisis started in august 1997 , only a month after thai authorities abandoned the us dollar thai baht peg . 
  the baht had been pegged to the dollar for more than a decade , and the thai authorities had been encouraging banks and big corporates to borrow us dollars unhedged to fuel domestic lending for much of this period . 
  however , as the us dollar got stronger in the mid-90s , thailand 's trade and capital accounts deteriorated , firm 's found it difficult to meet dollar debt obligations and it became apparent the peg was unsustainable . 
   as soon as the peg was abandoned , it quickly became clear how bad the situation had deteriorated . 
  thai authorities left the peg on july 2 , 1997 , and by october 24 the free floating baht had depreciated by 60 % against the dollar . 
  thailand 's troubles triggered a wave of speculation against other asian currencies and over the same period the indonesian rupiah , malaysian ringgit , and philippine peso depreciated by 47 % , 35 % , and 34 % , respectively . 
   ** did soros start the crisis ? 
  ** according to sources who had knowledge of the quantum fund 's positioning at the time , soros bet just under $ 1 billion of his total war chest of $ 12 billion against the baht . 
  there 's plenty of speculation that because he placed such a large bet on baht , soros helped engineer the asian crisis via his political connections . 
  yet soros was n't the biggest single speculator to hold a position against the currency . 
  julian robertson 's tiger fund had three times the exposure of soros with almost $ 3 billion bet against the baht . 
  if anything , julian robertson would have been more motivated to engineer thailand 's decline . 
   soros has argued that hedge funds did not start the crisis it was , in fact , the reaction of thailand 's central bank to the knowledge of hedge fund positioning that exacerbated the problems . 
  so it takes 1 billion to brake an entire country , mate you have been fed some grade a bullshit . 
   the commission has a zero-tolerance policy on fraud , which affects just 0.2 % of the annual spending . 
  the estimated financial impact of fraudulent irregularities fell from $ 315 million in 2012 to $ 248 million in 2013 . 
  is it because people are uneducated when it comes to how the eu functions and let 's say the allocation of the budget as well as how the institutions work ? 
  a lot of people somehow think the eu is this massive inefficient monster while in reality it has quite a small budget . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/budget/explained/myths/myths_en.cfm http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/policies/eu-annual-budget/2017/  as a rule , the eu budget is not more than about 1 % of the wealth of the entire eu . 
   over 94 % of the eu budget goes to citizens , regions , cities , farmers and businesses . 
  the eu 's administrative expenses account for under 6 % of the total eu budget , with salaries accounting for around half of that 6 % . 
   the commission has a zero-tolerance policy on fraud , which affects just 0.2 % of the annual spending . 
  the estimated financial impact of fraudulent irregularities fell from $ 315 million in 2012 to $ 248 million in 2013 . 
  [ summary of the budget ] ( http://imgur.com/nlhdgrr ) what exactly do they not like about the institutions ? 
  yes the eu has not changed since it was created . / s * yaawn *, 
  id offers me 4.73 p/min for outside the uk and free calls inside . 
  it 's actually cheaper for me to stay with them even if i 'm back home . 
  a bit of a stickler for paperwork , ey lad ? 
  eurobonds = / = germany guaranteeing anything . 
  germany is also not the only country with a good economy in the eu and no member owes you anything . 
  no , it 's not . 
  if interest is low and inflation is in a stable level , borrowing can mean getting more . 
  a countries budge = / = your personal finance . 
  why the fuck do you think apple takes loans out when it has 500 billion in the bank . 
  it makes more sense because inflation will eat away what you need to pay back . 
  uk is still paying small loans from 400 years ago cause upfront payment does not make good economic sense . 
  investment using loans which leads to more tax , productivity and economic activity leads to you being able to pay that loan and make money on top . 
  if you want to start a business you do n't wait 20 years until you have enough money to open shop , you take a loan . 
   even if you are adressing the hartz reforms - they were by no means `` easy '' . 
  they were met by a lot of resistance in the population , they caused us to breach the defitic rules and the party that enacted them is sufferering from them to this day . 
  you are an idiotic pendant who reads between the lines . 
  `` easy '' in this sentence does not mean what you 're saying it means . 
   if you want everyone to join ( which is the case ) you need reasonable criteria for countries willing to join - otherwise the currency wo n't work . 
  yes , that 's what i 'm saying as well . 
  3 % is an arbitrary rule that has no basis in economic theory making it a stupid criteria . 
  a criteria on where loans can be spend ( not social welfare ) makes more sense . 
   we do not see good reasons we dont see good reasons for your 3 % . 
  no economist does . 
   not really , no . 
  and there are possibilities not to sanction countries if the overspending is justified ( e.g. 
  labour market reform ) . 
  but if you want a sustainable currency , you need some rules that everyone obeys . 
  so you want to even sanction these countries , yet you maintain that germany is not against other countries taking loans ...  that 's the whole point . 
  if countries were n't affected by their own actions any more , they would be less careful . 
  euro bond = / = countries getting free cash easier , it means investing in eu is easier . 
   a group of economists led by markus brunnermeier , of which i was part , proposed a two-tier design for such sovereign-bond-backed securities in 2011 . 
  we called them european safe bonds or `` esbies '' . 
  a european debt agency would buy euro-zone sovereign bonds and issue two securities . 
  first , it would issue european safe bonds , with a senior claim on the payments from the bonds in the portfolio . 
  this way payment would be safe , as we calculated , even in the event of a default by greece , portugal and ireland and a haircut on italian and spanish debt . 
  second , it would issue the junior tranche , backed by the portfolio of sovereign bonds , a security that would be risky , as it would absorb the first losses . 
   such a two-tier system would make europe 's financial system safer , since banks would hold esbies instead of their own government 's debt . 
  it would avoid panics and ensure that any flight to safety would benefit all euro countries , not just germany . 
  and , crucially , it would do all this without introducing joint liability , thus increasing its political viability . 
   where the package leaves a lot to be desired is in tackling the abysmal political and economic failure of fiscal policy and of the stability and growth pact ( sgp ) . 
  this failure that has been at the heart of the perceived weakness of the european project over the last six years . 
  debt has continued to grow and aggregate fiscal policy has been procyclical . 
  lately , the sgp itself has become irrelevant , as shown by the `` 0 euro '' fine imposed on portugal and spain for ( correctly ) ignoring it . 
   instead of simplifying the rules , the commission should suggest ditching the sgp . 
  it would be economically sensible to allow for differing , countercyclical fiscal policies in the member states to counter the uniform monetary policy required by a single currency . 
  it is also politically imperative to terminate the sgp , since it involves the commission excessively and fruitlessly in the core function of a democratic parliament : the approval of a national budget . 
  as a result , it makes the commission , and by extension europe , unpopular in the south ( `` stop europe meddling ! '' ), 
  and in the north ( `` the commission is failing to rein in spendthrift southerners ! '' ) . 
   it would transfer the burden onto us . 
  no , thanks . 
  unless there are safeguards against overspending , this does n't make sense . 
  there is no shift in burdens but you would know that if you actually saw the plans for the eurobonds . 
  countries trade debt for eu bonds . 
  country in question still owns that money and no one is taking it of their shoulders . 
  this will bring stability to ez , help with eu recovery and reduce risks for banks . 
  i agree completly but just think that government spending should be part of the mix instead of solely relying on private . 
  so what you 're saying is you 're not going against the law but the spirit of the law . 
  it 's hard for a private company to make that investment because it takes a while to pay off and few banks are lending for nuclear at the moment . 
  if private companies we 're so akin to invest in nuclear we would have seen it . 
  right now nuclear is going down in the us and eu . 
  look at germany . 
  removed nuclear to replace it with coal and * some * solar . 
  is n't that what government spending is for , doing capital heavy lifting and opening new markets . 
  https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/wp/2014/wp1434.pdf no correlation found . 
  very specific on where the money can be spend . 
  im talking about governments being able to introduce something like the horizon 2020 grants on its own . 
  even if you have eu investing in you why should you stop with that ? 
  maybe the money allocated is not enough ? 
   \u00c9lectricit\u00e9 de france ( edf ) -- the country 's main electricity generation and distribution company -- manages the country 's 58 power reactors .
