in dutch it 's called ' [ een matje ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=een+matje&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cacq_auoawovchmi4zlpota4xwivbo3bch3fyguy&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=979 ) ' , which translates to a small mat , like a doormat . 
  ugly :( second world war really screwed us up , both cities i have lived in ( den haag , nijmegen ) have been bombed to shit in the war , especially nijmegen in the later days of the war . 
  in nijmegen it was the americans mistaking it for german city kleve , in den haag it was the raf mistaking part of the city for a wooded area where v2 missiled were stored . 
  not that i 'm not grateful being liberated and all ... 
  but besides the ruined cities i guess i agree it 's mostly dull . 
  already preparing for it myself , i live 5 km from the border and i shop in germany , eat many wursts and drink lots of warsteiner and paulaner . 
  my german is fairly horrible but maybe we can just treat dutch as a german dialect ? 
  i 'd call it ` ruis ' myself in dutch , although i know snow is also used . 
  i think the best translation for it would be something like ` noise ' or ` tv noise ' . 
  always the weed !, 
  there is n't even that much weed usage in the netherlands . 
  less than for example , in ireland !, 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/world_map_of_countries_by_annual_prevalence_of_cannabis_use.svg next time , let us be known as something like hookers or cheese or flower hippies, 
  not that i know of . 
  but milka is delicious , so i understand why it would be a great source of inspiration !, 
  that 's great !, 
  i never even looked there before , but that 's looking like pretty strong competition indeed , pretty similar , just without blurring effects when moving to another spot . 
  mini map feels more responsive too . 
  i 've been to ukraine a few years back and i 've already managed to find my ( unmarked ) hostel in kiev . 
  thanks !, 
  it seems the german speaking peoples have something to hide ... 
  pretty crazy to see those clumps of countries having little to no coverage while most are ` fully ' mapped . 
  hey man , sometimes a couple of trees blow over . 
  other days it rains . 
  sometimes i even get a sunburn . 
  pretty hardcore stuff . 
  it does however mean , that at least 83k turks are . 
  31 % of dutch turks voted , the low percentage is probably largely due to the fact that votes could only be cast in two locations ( rijswijk and deventer ) . 
  around 400k turkish people in the netherland , so 124k people voted , so about 86k people voted akp . 
  pretty substantial , i 'd say . 
  the party is called akp by the way ( adalet ve kalk\u0131nma partisi ), 
  well , since 69 % turks in the netherlands voted for the akp party , which has values pretty fucking far from our dutch standpoints , the majority of them seems to be ` like that ' . 
  this thread reminded me to cancel my subscription . 
  thanks for saving me money op . 
  should have done it earlier , so little available on it . 
  according to this news article , bookings to turkey from the netherlands ( with tui ) , are down 40 % from last year . 
  region specific i guess , in the hague ( the netherlands ) something like the following is quite common : krijg een vet hart achterlijke mongool ( pronounciation : kr\u00e8g n vet hagt agtelijke megaul ) which translates to : get a fat ( ty ) heart retarded mongoloid ( the down syndrom kind ) . 
  i guess it loses some of it 's power in translation . 
  sounds better in dutch !, 
  could be . 
  i just looked it up , and a little over half of the dutch population has a facebook account . 
  most of them younger people i 'd guess . 
  for people at my age group ( 30 + ) , facebook has pretty much turned into a baby gallery . 
  if you 're not interested in that , oftentimes people stop visiting the site , although most people will still keep their account . 
  since messenger is hardly used over here , that does n't give any insentive to keep people like that active either . 
  that being said , i open it up at least a few times a week myself , to see what 'd been happening . 
  as i said somewhere else in this thread : for starters , half of the people i know do n't use facebook ( anymore ) , while nearly 100 % of people use a smartphone , on which whatsapp is free and not reliant on a social media account . 
  or uninstall it , since everyone over here uses whatsapp anyway ;-), 
  for starters , half of the people i know do n't use facebook ( anymore ) , while nearly 100 % of people use a smartphone , on which whatsapp is free and not reliant on a social media account . 
  that was exactly my thought , the popups in a random spot on my phone are annoying as shit . 
  * edit * before i get downvoted more on this , yes i know it 's possible to disable this , or just uninstall the app if you do n't use it a lot , just saying the feature annoys me . 
  exactly why i also put ` we ' there , same as the guy i replied to ;-), 
  no we do n't , and i 'm not even from one of the true holland provinces ( nijmegen here ) . 
  ah yes , one united country under the great blond leader . 
  sounds like a utopia !, 
  sure thing , if you so n't want any light polution you pretty much have to be away from any town at all . 
  this ` westland ' is a bit extreme though . 
  it 's a ( large ) city sized complex of greenhouses located in the middle of one of the largest urban areas on europe at 7.5 million people . 
  the cities cause the clouds to become sort of orange , but area 's with greenhouses cause them to be bright orange , pretty much exactly like in the picture . 
  it 's pretty sad :-( currently i 'm living in the east-south-east of the netherlands , caught between the randstad , rurh and belgian light polution . 
  stars do n't really seem to work here and the best chance i have of seeing anything resembling the milky way is very , very far away ( spain , ukraine , or parts of scandinavia would be the closest ) . 
  fair enough , like i said , i 'm genuinly curious because the sources i have listed do n't have all these kinds of facts listed , and i 'm by no means an expert . 
  thank you for this information . 
  largest sure , that 's oftentimes quoted . 
  i 've looked up some more information in the meantime , but even the british and the french military are supposedly ` more powerfull ' than turkey . 
  both of those are also in nato , so largest does n't mean more powerful . 
  in any case , the general consensus is that the russian military is second to the us and only them , so unless nato gets involved , i do n't think turkey will stand much of a chance to be frank . 
  about the jets shot down over georgia , which jets were they specifically ? 
  su-24 's as well , like the one shot down by turkey over syria/turkey recently ? 
  those , as you pointed out already , are n't really fit for anything other than bombing relatively undefended targets . 
  they are a whole different beast and not even fighters like the f16 's are . 
  some of my sources : http://www.valuewalk.com/2015/05/the-worlds-10-strongest-militaries/ http://uk.businessinsider.com/these-are-the-worlds-20-strongest-militaries-ranked-2015-9?r=us&amp;ir=t http://www.globalfirepower.com/, 
  where are you getting the numbers from ? 
  geniunly interested . 
  any source i have been able to find tells me the russian military is second only to the us in military strength . 
  turkey drags way behind . 
  the only thing turkey seems to have is a reasonable amount of men , which is still significantly smaller then the russian amount . 
  please head over to / r/syriancivilwar . 
  the past few weeks have been very succesfull on all fronts but one ( deir-es-zor ) for the saa . 
  towns are falling into their hands on a daily basis , most days more than one town . 
  as we speak , the largest offensive of this stage of the war is happening around aleppo . 
  frankly , all of your posts in this thread make it seem as though the last time you read up on the war was early 2015 , when the regime was indeed losing . 
  right now they have a very big momentum going on . 
  so do the british , for the same kind of cases . 
  does n't mean the uk is n't secular . 
  the uk had 950.000 muslims in 1991 , just reached 3.000.000 now . 
  that was 1.86 % , now it 's 4.83 % . 
  in 1971 it was 0.43 % , so over the last 45 years it seems the growth is slightly increasing . 
  hard to say where it will go from here of course , but if this trend hold up , i 'm guessing 2050 could go up to about 10 % , maybe 15-20 % in 2080 ? 
  thing is though , ` no religion ' is growing much much faster than islam is . 
  before 2080 the asian communities will likely be better educated and wealthier , meaning they too will move to irrilegiousness . 
  i think . 
  and hope :-), 
  most of that alcohol in luxembourg is due to jean-claude juncker though . 
  oh , but that 's the same over here in the netherlands . 
  returning jihadis also get a free house and education , to have them reintegrate into society . 
  http://www.hpdetijd.nl/2014-05-01/terugkerende-syriestrijders-krijgen-huis-en-opleiding/ * article in dutch the only way a returning jihadi would get into trouble if there is clear evidence of hem killing people , like in a video , unmasked or something . 
  slightly ? 
  rotterdam is more than twice as big . 
  there were about 1500 people present , 14 have been arrested .
