how was that comment racist ? 
  glass houses and all that ... 
   war is war and hell is hell , and of the two war is a lot worse . 
  because imams are n't the ones committing the crimes ? 
  why would you include the words `` imam '' or `` mosque '' unless they were relevant ? 
  when it comes to the catholic church related crimes it has made sense to mention priests and churches , but unless similar crimes happen in mosques and are carried out by religious leaders it would n't make any sense . 
  would n't it be enough to say the perpetrators were of pakistani origin ? 
  more people speak russian as a second language in poland the other countries on this graph . 
  that pixel art is disgusting . 
  previously i thought they were censoring actual images on the back side , but apparently not . 
   german in charge of getting the joke . 
  ok , so we should just stoop down on their level too ? 
  how about we destroy a bunch of mosques and force muslims to pay crippling taxes as well ? 
   sweden  yes, 
  not in norway . 
  northern norwegians have a reputation for being relatively warm and friendly . 
  it depends on the laws of the country you 're in . 
  also , what do you mean by lying ? 
  defamation ( libel/slander ) is illegal pretty much everywhere , but the definition of what exactly counts as it is n't set in stone . 
  holocaust denial is mostly a matter of opinion , skepticism and ignorance . 
  even when there is absolute proof that a statement made by a holocaust denier is false you ca n't always prove malicious intent . 
  basically , you ca n't really prove that they are lying with malicious intent and at the same time harming the reputation of an individual , business , product , group , government , religion , or nation . 
  that 's why laws specifically about denying the holocaust were made . 
  they were n't already covered by previous laws in the country in question , so they made new ones . 
  holocaust denial is legal in the vast majority of the world . 
  why should the laws of some european countries and israel apply to an american website ? 
  let them have their views and their subreddit to contain them . 
  i do n't think simply having an unpopular opinion should be illegal , no matter how absurd or hateful . 
  one thing the us does right , in my opinion , is free speech . 
  it 's a standard i hope my own country and the rest of the world would strive towards . 
  and before anyone replies with `` reddit is a private website , free speech does n't apply to them !, 
  '' , i know that . 
  reddit has been rather adamant about not removing things that are hateful and at the same time clearly legal in the united states , so i think it 's safe to say that your suggestion will probably be denied or ignored . 
  good meme :\\ ^ \\ ), 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little cyka ? 
  it definitely should be legal ( and it is already in norway ) , in my opinion . 
  people should have the right to voice their opinions no matter how controversial and unpopular they may be , as long as they are n't threatening or actually inciting violence etc. 
  i think the american model of free speech is something all countries should strive toward . 
  for tax purposes . 
  john fredriksen is the richest norwegian with 15 billion to stein-erik 's 5 billion , but he moved to cyprus and is now their richest man . 
  [ `` the city of london '' is not the same as london . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrobz_hzzuc ) the two have different mayors and the mayor of london still has more people under him than any other uk city . 
  because ihdi is n't only inequality . 
  if you just want to judge a country based on income inequality look at the world 's [ gini coefficient ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality ) . 
  `` do n't cry because it 's over - smile because it happend  '' - ratko mladi\u0107, 
  i think you need to work on your reading comprehension . 
  he obviously was n't being serious . 
  well it 's day all day right now where i live . 
  bangers in the mouth n ' mash *, 
  a transvestite is a man who dresses up and acts like a woman . 
  maybe you 're getting transvestite and transsexual mixed up ? 
  i think you misunderstood what you were replying to . 
  read the comment again . 
  oh , i never hovered over the flag . 
  i guess i just selected the first norwegian flag i saw on the sidebar . 
  i have trouble understanding [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=le_ungdpa4c ) . 
  so it 's kinda like godwin 's law just romanian ? 
  you just say someone is literally ceau\u0219escu . 
  \\  that comment \\  diversityisstrength \\  -353 comment karma gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8 almost made me ir8, 
  the us and brazil are the countries with the most english/portuguese speakers . 
  if they were sticking to this logic they should have put the mexican flag on spanish , though , as they have more spanish speakers than spain . 
  has hitler gone too far ? 
  is this image real or fake ? 
  * 93 % fail this quiz , would you ? 
  reporting in that yeah it is/was a thing in where i lived , and probably as much as it is in sweden . 
  looks like you double posted . 
  looks like you double posted . 
  how do you find this information about sub national regions ' gdp ? 
  ca n't seem to find anything on norwegian counties . 
  he obviously means that the games were both largely propaganda to make their respective countries appear to be better than they really are . 
  he did n't say putin was literally hitler or something . 
  alright , i heard in the news last year that they voted for it to happen . 
  so it will happen and be in full effect next year , then . 
  hey man , i 'm not disagreeing with you regarding whether or not there should be equal physical requirements . 
  at least i disproved two of your three assumptions , i guess . 
  norway , denmark , finland , estonia , switzerland , austria , belarus , greece , moldova , ukraine , and russia are the only european countries with some kind of conscription . 
  edit : cyprus too, 
  i do know that the period is equally long for both genders , and as far as hair length goes it really does depend on which part of the military you are in , but it is recommended to keep it short anyway . 
  in the end nobody can force you to cut your hair short ( you have to wear a hair net if you have too long hair regardless of gender if you do n't want to cut it ) . 
  when it comes to physical requirements , again it does depend on where in the military you 're trying to get into , and the requirements are basically that you 're in good shape . 
  for example , a requirement is being able to run 3000m in 15 minutes for females and 14 minutes for males . 
  you might think this is unfair , but percentage-wise women have more trouble beating their requirement than men . 
  norway has male and female conscription . 
  in fact , it 's the only european and nato country that has it . 
  you have literally the same jokes as us , just reversed . 
  yeah , i know . 
  hence the `` according to the rankings ... '' . 
  uh , iceland is more corrupt according to the rankings ... 
   this is a country that notoriously runs out of butter at christmas yeah , that happened one time, 
  australia ? 
  except norway . 
  more like putincratic . 
  [ iceland , oh god . 
  i did n't expect that . 
  they are related ... 
  [ are you implying that margaret berger is n't the one true queen of the horse lords of the grass sea ? 
  a greek never pays his debts . 
  the normans conquered southern italy . 
  i guess they mixed with the natives . 
  svalbard has a lot of mountains , and iceland has many extremely flat parts , although the island does have volcanoes and mountains .
