  if you want to base `` whose clay '' it is on who was there first , germanic people were not . 
  old prussian was a baltic culture, 
  i swear you never see non-french speakers doing this kind of shit . 
  [ countries that recognize the killings of armenians as a genocide ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d2/nations_recognising_the_armenian_genocide.svg ) dark green = country recognizes the armenian genocide light green = some of the country 's subdivisions recognize the armenian genocide seems like finland , along with most of the world , does n't reconize it either . 
  what 's up with kazakhstan and germany ? 
  around a third of the norwegian vocabulary comes directly from low german . 
  hanseatic traders introduced many commonly used words to the language . 
  have we started the fire ? 
  relevant ? 
  your sultan seems keen to make it more relevant , and afaik he 's had some success with it too . 
  he was being sarcastic and you did n't get it . 
  maybe the `` the only problem is that these pesky people always destroys it . '', 
  should have tipped you off . 
  [ why did n't you invest ? 
  indeed . 
  i read the norwegian wikipedia article on `` dark time '' , and it says this ( translated by me ) :  if the earth did n't have an atmosphere the arctic circles would have been the borders for the `` dark time '' . 
  but due to the earth 's atmosphere , the sunlight is refracted while it 's on its way through the air , which causes the sun to appear to be higher in the sky . 
  as a consequence of this the border to the `` dark time '' is closer to the poles and the border to the midnight sun is closer to the equator . 
  there is no , as we call it here , `` dark time '' in my city . 
  however , if you just go a bit further north you 'll find about a month of almost total darkness . 
  it can practically be very close to completely dark for almost a month where i live because there are mountains to the south that cover the horizon , but technically it does n't count because the sun does n't actually always stay below the horizon in this time . 
  this is from the southern tip of finland . 
  where i live , between the [ 67th and 68th parallel north ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tpbnji5.png ) , we only get a couple of hours of sunlight in the darkest part of the year and 24/7 sunlight during a long part of the summer . 
  people who speak english do n't call them death camps , i think i made that clear when i asked you to google the term in various contexts , so i do n't think there are `` many others '' . 
  sure , it is about word use . 
  and in english , the language we 're speaking right now , people do n't call the soviet labor camps death camps , because that 's not the english term 's definition . 
  people would be confused if you were to label soviet camps as death camps in english , so it should n't be done . 
  well we 're speaking english right now , are n't we ? 
  google `` death camp '' . 
  you 'll find only references to extermination camps . 
  google `` gulag death camp '' / `` soviet death camp '' . 
  you wo n't find any references to gulags as death camps . 
  people do n't call the soviet concentration camps `` death camps '' . 
  it 's relevant because they 're two distinct terms . 
  recognizing that `` death camp '' has another definition ( extermination camp like in nazi germany / independent state of croatia ) does n't nullify how terrible the gulags were . 
   the only difference is that the soviets made everyone work before their death . 
  i think we all know that . 
  the important distinction is that in a death camp , also called extremination camp , you arrive and get killed almost immediately . 
  you realize there 's a difference between a death camp and a labor camp , right ? 
  nazis had both , soviets only had labor camps . 
  they do n't primarily speak georgian in south ossetia and abkhazia , which is why they 're not colored blue . 
  did n't nazi germany relax gun control laws for `` ordinary '' germans ? 
  did anyone else notice them walking past a scientology building at 0:32 ? 
  i do n't think it 's underrated , it 's just not very well known . 
  also , dubbed movies/tv-shows are n't a thing here ( except cartoons and other children 's shows ) . 
  damn dude , it 's like -10 where i live right now ( on the coast which is usually pretty mild during winter ), 
  and still most people in norway believe it was a poor country before we discovered oil . 
  mix of dutch and hebrew . 
  welcome to the club , pal . 
  that the romani people were more thouroughly killed that polish people . 
  all parts of the holocaust are terrible , and we should n't make it all a competition about who were the most oppressed or the most killed , but since you replied to vertikal19 's comment with `` german-nazi killed much more polish people than roma . '', 
  when his statement `` roma and jews were exterminated a lot more thoroughly than poles . '', 
  was in fact correct i wanted to back his statement up . 
  there were a lot more polish people under nazi rule than there were roma . 
  poles ( polish speakers/non-jews ) in 1939 : 24,300,000 poles that died under occupation : 2,770,000 ( 11 % ) roma in europe in ww2 ( not just under axis rule ) : around 1,000,000 roma killed in the holocaust : 220,000 to 500,000 ( 22-50 % ), 
  why do you choose to only highlight the eu ? 
  are n't the european non-eu members also relevant or did this subreddit suddenly become / r/eu ? 
  i 'm guessing lesser , since the soviets would have gotten stronger and stronger and the western allies would have been more able to take advantage of the situation to make a western front . 
  are n't the nationalists secular ? 
  well you asked about gas suppliers in europe . 
  [ norway supplied western europe with more gas than russia in the first quarter of 2015 . 
  ] ( https://www.rt.com/business/261549-norway-gas-supply-europe/ ) you 're the one bringing up turkey specifically , the thread was originally speaking about europe in general , and turkey is n't really part of europe anyway . 
  hello, 
  makes sense considering the majority of iceland 's population originally came from western norway . 
  breivik considered himself a `` cultural christian '' and stated he was n't very religious . 
  yea it was pretty obvious after his reply to me . 
  poe 's law in action i suppose . 
  not sure if you 're just trolling but norway was the country that withstood a german invasion in ww2 the longest , except for the soviet union . 
  sweden has one of the highest birth rates in europe . 
  just saying that women not being able to drive cars is n't an islam thing , pretty much just a saudi thing . 
  women can drive cars in the islamic state . 
  that law is very much a saudi thing . 
  by saying groups like isis represent muslims as much as groups like kkk represent christians you 're implying both types of groups are similar in scale and that their impact on the world is the same . 
  the truth is that of religiously motivated terrorism we see a lot more islamic terrorism than terrorism motivated by any other religious view . 
  are you implying groups like the kkk are as relevant as islamic terrorist groups ? 
  [ it already was ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/i-sexually-identify-as-an-attack-helicopter ), 
  hey buddy i think you got the wrong door , the leather club 's two blocks down . 
  nobody said anything about laws , that was just justadirtybirdie 's opinion . 
  i guess people have different views on what eastern europe is . 
  i would personally only include the eastern slavic nations into that region . 
  maybe you did n't mean `` eastern europe '' when you said `` eastern part of the continent '' ? 
  and that fan club would still be considered , by him , to be subhuman undesirables only fit for being slaves or killed because they are slavic . 
  this often repeated quote only really applies to the hre at the end of its existence . 
  in swedish many of those alternate words proabably were used but are now archaic . 
  it seems to me that the dialects of sweden have been diluted to a greater extent than those of the norwegian language , which could be why i recognize most of the alternate words in norway . 
   they would notice their bodily differences , but would n't put them in genderly terms and `` behave like their gender '' . 
  you 're saying that with no external influence females and males would not behave differently ? 
  i really do n't think so . 
  alright , i left out the fact that the country actually has to have a socialist system ( state control of production ) as well , because if not they 're not really following the progression system ( capitalist  socialist  communist ) . 
  china is n't very socialist anymore . 
  i call the soviet union communist because it was a country which had the goal of creating a communist society . 
  i was under the impression that it 's was what other people mean with it as well . 
  the problem with islam is that it 's inherently political . 
  islamism does n't stem from some obscure interpretation of islam , islamism is based on how mohammed was a political leader who ruled in medina with islam as the basis of his political ideology . 
  in the bible jesus says `` give back to caesar what is caesar 's and to god what is god 's '' , which shows there is basis for a non-christian government in christianity . 
  there 's most certainly a pretty big difference . 
  he probably does n't mean `` communist country '' as in a communist society , but rather `` communist country '' as in a country which has communism as its state ideology . 
  the low taxes on those corporations is probably the reason the gdp growth is so huge . 
  i think it 's accepted as fact that labour voters in the north/midlands swinged the vote towards brexit . 
  it 's literally the wikipedia article about norway eu relations , is n't that obvious ?
