  there 's also the refugee crisis , idk what kind of impact that could have if any . 
  it 's definitely been closer before , but i think it 's pretty clear that the numbers are trending more and more towards a larger `` out '' percentage . 
  [ during the last 5 years the `` out '' side has been really solid ( 40 % + advantage over `` in '' and growing ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norway%e2%80%93european_union_relations#opinion_polling ) . 
  the dominant political parties which make up a large majority of the parliament in norway are either [ pro-eu or officially `` neutral '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norway%e2%80%93european_union_relations#norwegian_political_parties.27_positions ) . 
  this stands in great contrast to [ over 70 % of the population ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/norge/bare-18-prosent-sier-ja-til-eu-16359b.html ) , which does not want to join the eu . 
  what they 're showing is that turkey borders these countries . 
  it 's not like they 're saying `` turkey 's gon na join the eu and then syria and iraq will come too !, 
  '' , they 're showing which kind of countries the eu would border were turkey to join . 
  is black really a good color , though ? 
  it absorbs a lot of heat , so would n't white would be better ? 
   south korea is not liberal in any sense of the word . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  it 's very much a free market country . 
  if we 're talking socially liberal , sure , but you said `` in any sense of the word '' , and when using the term `` liberal democracy '' one generally is refering to how economically liberal the country is . 
  i do , ama . 
  i also happen to love licorice , both salty and sweet types . 
  i 've heard some arguments for this . 
  basically the argument is about the demographics of the refugees . 
  most of the refugees are young men , ( part of a demographic group which is far smaller than the general population ) and because of this when old people die and young refugees keep coming in in high numbers they 'll eventually end up becoming a larger part of the population than you might have expected . 
  i saw a [ video ] ( https://youtu.be/df9v8pomuxg?t=76 ) about it , and i 'm sure the guy who made it has an agenda , so i 'd like some input on whether or not this seems like a valid prediction . 
  we 're gon na make a big , beautiful telescope and the aliens are going to pay for it . 
  10-15 in july :[, 
  well speech is definitely freer in the us . 
  i 'd assume the kosovar lgbt people wanted it . 
  yeah , we do in fact love this country . 
  i just call it k\u0153nugar\u00f0r tbh, 
  it 's not , there 's just one group which is quite a bit larger . 
  `` every time my side is pointed out to be hypocritical i can just deflect by shouting ` whataboutism ' ! '', 
  farage was n't the one who made the 350 million claim , that was the official leave campaign which he was not affiliated with . 
  the right wing populist party in norway is pro globalization and actually not against eu membership . 
  it 's our socialist party ( sv ) and left leaning centrist party ( sp ) that are the most opposed to the eu . 
  what about all the erdo-loving turks who flooded the streets in the netherlands ? 
  why is norway invited ? 
  b. . b. . but the nordic countires are socialist !, 
  as stated , an iraqi kurdish state ruled by his puppet strongman barzani is something he 's actively supporting . 
  any federal state , so : germany , austria , switzerland , belgium , bosnia and herzegovina , and russia . 
  and then there 's the special regions of spain which have large autonomy . 
  and finland was under the russian empire . 
  lool , did you change your flair to this because of the mod mail i sent when i was temp banned ? 
  morally i can not abide by your `` trade '' . 
  the precedent that is set when the state gets to decide which opinions you can not share is too horrible for me to bear . 
  it 's like the privacy debate : perhaps we would be safer if the government could spy on everything we do but is this not a principle which should be upheld ? 
  freedom of speech is in my opinion the absolutely most important principle liberal democracies have , and if we compromise it in such a way the very foundation of democracy is greatly diminished . 
  what do you make of the fact that norway , which has some of the most lax hate speech laws in europe , is one of the european countries with the least significant far-right movements ? 
  our right wing populist party ( frp ) is nothing compared to the nativist right wing populist parties in western europe . 
  we look at fn , afd , pvv and sd and are all like `` holy shit , they 're pretty damn far right '' . 
  we have no holocaust denial laws , yet we have probably one of the smallest fascist movements in europe . 
  could you entertain the possibility that censoring the beliefs of neo nazis is not only morally wrong but also could in some sense be a worse course of action than letting them speak ? 
  it seems to me that censoring fascists only makes them feel victimized and more entrenched in their belief that there 's some `` jewish dictatorship '' oppressing them . 
  how many times have i not seen an internet neo-nazi argue `` why would they make holocaust denial illegal if they 're so sure it happened '' ? 
  finally , fascists will not gain any significant following if the people are educated on what the ideology leads to and will not gain power the way hitler snuck in if there are strong checks and balances that prevent democracy from being corrupted . 
  alright , so it 's not quite as bad as thoughtcrime . 
  congratulations , current europe is more liberal than oceania . 
  but in all seriousness , what is an opinion worth if you ca n't share it ? 
  it 's worthless . 
  the government ** should not ** be able to define which opinions can not be shared , no matter how horrible and wrong the opinion may be . 
  it 's a consequence of having a free society . 
  this is one of the instances where the clich\u00e9 `` freedom is n't free '' is applicable . 
  and when it comes to the practicality of combating hateful movements i think there 's something to be said about the effectiveness of the criticism of bad ideas in the open instead of having hateful groups left to go underground to fester in their own echo chamber . 
  i 'm fortunate to live in one of the european countries with the most liberal free speech laws . 
  we 're still a ways away from the us though . 
  lies and hate speech should be legal unless it 's a threat or call for illegal acts . 
  i absolutely do . 
  criminalizing any opinion is wrong . 
  i mean , one we got from you, 
  appelsin is another one, 
  alternatively , swedes seem to do well at understanding my northern dialect . 
  kebabnorsk is pretty much the politically correct word here it seems . 
  it was at least what our norwegian teachers and textbooks have refered to it as . 
  there has always been poor swedes , and you did n't see any riots or areas where police were being thrown rocks at before . 
  this is absolutely a cultural problem . 
  integration has failed categorically , and if it has failed in sweden , the most generous and tolerant of countries when it comes to immigrants , it will in all likelyhood fail elsewhere if other countries follow in their footsteps . 
  the mere fact that they are attempting to force gender equity in every strata of every institution in society is more than enough for me to disregard their ideology . 
  it 's completely illiberal , against the founding principles of liberal democracy : equality for every individual under the law . 
  you do n't see how the culture , the values and the societal norms which are prevalent in your country shape you as a person ? 
  do n't forget indonesia , the country with the most muslims in the world . 
  but both are bad and should be illegal to perform on children unless it 's for medical reasons . 
  not with written language at least , although the danes can be hard to understand when they speak, 
  petry is cute tho, 
  he 's a christian democrat , which is pretty much dead center but socially conservative . 
  not really right-wing . 
  i 'm studying in trondheim atm , currently being blinded, 
  why would i ? 
  as someone from bod\u00f8 this makes me laugh . 
  he 's talking about sweden, 
  most of those were in london , i 'm talking about constituencies in the north . 
  lots of working class labour voters voted to leave . 
  it would be political suicide for a lot of labour mps and the party as a whole . 
  secularization and open debate about which ideas are good and which are bad, 
  what , is that a controversial position ? 
  this was in 2015 :  russian supplies represented 40 % of total extra-eu imports , followed by norway ( 37 % ) , algeria ( 7 % ) and libya ( 2 % ) ; lng imports covered the remaining 13 % . 
  that 's just imports though , so it does n't include countries in the eu . 
   however , to hold that view on people born in that country ( children of immigrants ) is just something i do n't agree with and can not understand . 
  well alrighty then , that 's not my position . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's a meme, 
  i guess i kinda proved his point ... 
  came to this thread for the inevitable butthurt american , was not disappointed . 
  well i still think it 's wrong to concede the point when a denialist comes out by saying `` not global warming '' . 
  yes it is global warming : the global average temperature is steadily rising .
