  svalbard has streetview and only 2000 people live there , while there 's 300 000 people in iceland . 
  population density is at 0,04 people per square kilometer compared to iceland 's 3,1 people per square kilometer . 
  they filmed the king 's landing in scenes in game of thrones in dubrovnik 's old town and other parts of the city as well as astapor scenes , i believe . 
  it 's a joke about the `` menial tasks '' they do when they come here . 
  what they actually do is work in service . 
  ( waiters , other service related jobs at cafes and restaurants etc. ), 
  and the swedes still jump the border so they can earn double their salary by peeling our bananas and scrubbing our toilets . 
  it 's the norwegian emergency number , too . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do n't strip search every single person that goes into the building . 
  no it does n't . 
  it shows territory he wanted to annex into the germanic reich . 
  you obviously are n't very familiar with polandball comics . 
  some country balls are n't simply balls with a country 's flag on . 
  poland is upside down , britain always wears a top hat and a monocle , singapore is a triangle , nepal is a monster , israel is a four-dimensional hypercube , and kazakhstan is a brick . 
  why ? 
  because of silly inside jokes from the boards where they originated . 
  ( 4chan 's / int / , and the german 4chan-esque board krautchan ) [ condecending but helpful comic tutorial ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lrvre.png ), 
  my other post :  oh , i know that . 
  i was just surprised by how quickly opinions of the portuguese changed in only a few years . 
  all the european countries that now have gay marriage are back-to-back on the top of this list ( luxembourg is in the middle of it , but you get the point ) , while portugal is way below average . 
  oh , i know that . 
  i was just surprised by how quickly opinions of the portuguese changed in only a few years . 
  all the european countries that now have gay marriage are back-to-back on the top of this list ( luxembourg is in the middle of it , but you get the point ) , while portugal is way below average . 
  portugal looks pretty weird . 
  they have gay marriage but are at 29 % ? 
  the map was n't serious at all . 
  i was trying to make it as overtly nationalistic , hypocritical , xenophobic , and ignorant as possible . 
  the swedes took our jerbs !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_number_of_internet_users netherlands and norway are higher up . 
  silly swede . 
  actually , the country of the netherlands extents its borders to three caribbean islands ( bonare , st. eustatius , and saba ) . 
  they are n't countries in the kingdom of the netherlands , but are cities in the country itself . 
  people who live there are dutch citizens and vote in dutch elections . 
  not even once . 
  even if he meant `` line '' he 's saying that everything in line with the uk is 1600-1800 ( fuck you blue ) , and not the uk ... 
  regardless of what he was trying to say , this was a complete train wreck of english grammar . 
  edit : i looked through his comment history and he can definitely string sentences together with perfect grammar , so he was probably just drunk . 
  what ? 
  i do n't think redditors are a good sample size for europe it self , as most are atheist . 
  yay , it works . 
  it turns out i had been using universal emotes . 
  i can only see the name of your ponymote . 
  is there a script i do n't have ? 
  what does the scouter say about his power level ? 
  lots of the ` iraqis , syrians and libyans ' were n't / are n't even citizens of the country they were fighting in , but mujahedin that were from and were trained in other countries to fight . 
   it can be said in surprise , in shock , in disbelief , in sadness , in happiness , in hope . 
  to most people saying the phrase becomes such second nature , that they often do n't think about its original meaning as they are saying the takbir . 
  i definitely agree with this , for instance when you see videos of syrians reacting to an explosion or something shocking , or in some other personal situations where it 's a person reacting to something which makes them say it . 
  angrily chanting it together with a crowd does n't convey any sort of knee-jerk reaction said `` in surprise , in shock , in disbelief , in sadness , in happiness , in hope '' . 
  when a group of people chant something their words are deliberate and have a meaning . 
  previous comment :  - in some situations sure it could have a similar meaning , but definitely not in this case.s a group of violent people angrily shouting `` oh my god '' does n't make much sene  ** - what ? 
  of course it does , and you would 've known that if you 'd known anything about arabic culture . 
  what a silly comment . 
  ** another comment :  ** are you aware of how it is used in arabic culture , or are you just basing that on how the approximate translation is used in western cultures ? 
  ** now you conclude by saying `` nobody can guess what they truly meant when they angrily shouted allahu akbar '' when you previously stated i obviously would know if i `` knew anything about arab culture '' . 
  you linked a wikipedia page where it distinguishes between it being said as a knee-jerk reaction in `` shock , disbelief , sadness , happiness , and hope . '', 
  and the original meaning . 
  the same wikipedia phrase happens to contain some other uses of the takbir which seems to fit in a whole lot better in the case of a group of angry people shouting it in a crowd than the one you copied and pasted into your comment . 
  here are some :  [ ... ] as an informal expression of faith , in times of distress , or to express resolute determination , defiance or as a battle cry in islamist protests , islamic extremism , and islamic terrorism . 
  what does n't make sense to me is why anyone would shout a `` meaningless phrase '' while angrily protesting . 
  it does n't seem to add up . 
  so they 're yelling it because they say it habitually ? 
  if they 're not literally saying `` god is greater '' then what do they mean ? 
  enlighten me then . 
  what do they mean ? 
  the only alternate explanation i 've heard ( omg ) does n't make sense , so go ahead . 
  so for what purpose are they saying it in this case ? 
  i 'm arguing against the assertion that it has the same meaning as `` oh my god '' when in many cases , including this one , it does n't . 
  `` oh my god '' , as far as i know , is an expression of shock , surprise and sometimes anger , but not the type of anger these people express . 
  it 's a bit hard to explain what i mean but `` oh my god '' is certainly not a phrase you would ever chant in an angry crowd . 
  in a secular society a group of violent and angry people loudly proclaiming that their god is the greatest naturally makes people uncomfortable . 
   but it 's the same as `` oh my god '' you fucking hypocrite in some situations sure it could have a similar meaning , but definitely not in this case . 
  a group of violent people angrily shouting `` oh my god '' does n't make much sense , it is clear that these people are deliberately chanting that their god is the greatest . 
  it is not normal that citizens of secular western societies shout religious slogans like this . 
  it 's like a group of christians angrily yelling `` christ above all ! '', 
  on the border of a muslim country . 
  everyone and their mother on reddit knows that by now , it was a joke . 
  you what mate ? 
  you 're gon na have to explain because this either sounds like some / r/badhistory or some / r/badbanter . 
  [ merkel right now ] ( https://youtu.be/2xv9emwi1cc?t=127 ), 
  i 'm pretty sure that would be illegal as you would techincally be monetarily supporting a terror organization . 
  a moderator can choose if he wants to distinguish his post ( make his name green ) . 
  while he was in power libya had a stable economy , a very good standard of living compared to pretty much all other african nations and was a safe country to live in for most people . 
  now it 's in full blown civil war and different militias , armies and insurgencies ( some of which are islamic terrorists , including literally isis ) are destroying the country . 
  but at least they have `` democracy '' right ? 
  mountains everywhere, 
  all those mountains are rightful norwegian clay, 
  well technically ... 
  nobody speaks nynorsk , it 's not a dialect , only a written language , so it 's not comparable to s\u00f8nderjysk at all . 
  they 're not dialects , they 're just two written forms of norwegian . 
  one is norwegianized danish , the other is a mix of norwegian dialects . 
  everyone in norway speaks their own dialect , nobody speaks either of the two . 
  obviously, 
  it 's not illegal to take pictures of any of these things in any of these countries , what is illegal is selling the pictures . 
   his manifesto states `` i 'm not going to pretend i 'm a very religious person , as that would be a lie '' , calls religion a crutch and a source for drawing mental strength , and says `` i 've always been very pragmatic and influenced by my secular surroundings and environment . '', 
  regarding the term cultural christian , which he says means preserving european culture , he notes , `` it is enough that you are a christian-agnostic or a christian-atheist ( an atheist who wants to preserve at least the basics of the european christian cultural legacy ... ) '' [ 181 ] [ 191 ] furthermore , breivik stated that `` myself and many more like me do not necessarily have a personal relationship with jesus christ and god . 
  '' [ 191 ] [ 192 ] nevertheless , he stated that he planned to pray to god seeking for his help during his attacks . 
  let 's focus on the wall , people !, 
  and now pretty much only russians live there .
