dunno , i would like to see how a asterix comic would tackle a subject like that . 
  they do cover more adult topics at times . 
  this just shows i am a flithly casual that only knows asterix comics by their german names . 
  i do n't french well . 
  that 's a interesting title . 
  the newer ast\u00e9rix are 50/50 . 
  the alien one was a bit weird . 
  we should do something about these nazi mods . 
  i liked the spam of trams . 
      was m\u00f6chtest du ? 
  clearly not friendly enough : wat willsch ? 
  see much easier this way . 
  i want the tgv . 
  - with hatred of own train system , a german . 
  you flithy lair , there is no bielefeld on the german map . 
  ~ ~ he knows too much . 
  take him to ze bunker ~ ~, 
  what is a bielefeld ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  i mean probably , so would the euripean ones and you can see how far most people think . 
  see , america , if you do n't make your flags flammable , you wo n't get extermists burning them . 
  my racial base stats are just too good . 
  it 's a godsend to have the perks `` w\u00f6rkmachine '' and `` more efficient than robots '' . 
  hey , italian food tourism is good . 
  i feel like germany could expand a bit again . 
  a mediterranean holiday house sounds nice . 
  what the fuck is wrong with the world ?!, 
  what 's next ? 
  why do you have snow and we here in germany get nothing !, 
  i just want some snow here again ... 
  this saddens me ... but i believe that they will rise again and the great german empire will span the world as it is destined to do !, 
  sounds fun . 
  though i see a distinct lack of germany . 
  who is the german leader ? 
  how dare you fail our glorious country !, 
  can someone loop me in what is going on here ? 
  i 'd be more interested in seeing where they are sold the most . 
  i doubt anywhere with a proper beer culture will be high on that list . 
  we germans spend too much effort infighting for what is the best beer . 
  ~ ~ alpirsbacher is the only right answer . ~ ~, 
  raise up against nazi mods ? 
  sorry i spend too much time on / r/de, 
  the french can speak a language other than french ? 
  going to a school in a city with a large foreign procentage i noticed 3 groups of turks there . 
  1 ) the turkish germans : often second or third generation , tend to be fluent in german and turkish but primarily speak in german , see themselves as german and do n't care about this stuff . 
  awesome to drink with . 
  2 ) the german turks : often first or second generation , often are learning both languages but speak 50/50 , generally try to avoid to talk about allegiance . 
  great to play ` see how hammered you can get the foreigner . ', 
  game 3 ) the ` turks ' : often third or fourth generation , speak german and improper turkish , think they 're turks . 
  the reason for 70 % of the stereotypes about turks here in germany ( only drive bmw , only speak turkish , need to be the center of attention , etc ) . 
  ca n't drink for shit . 
  now the split at my school was pretty even . 
  the funny thing was that during one break a bunch of the type 3 somehow pissed a type 1 off , he then proceeded to stomp their asses in turkish , turned around and completely translated everything he said to us germans who were just laughing . 
  schulz merkel would be interesting to how it plays out . 
  unlikely tho but interesting . 
  huh tiactuallyl the definition of startup . 
  same as anyone . 
  to protect themselves from viruses on illegal downloads and porn . 
  they just started it like the americans did with the internet . 
  first for the military then porn . 
  i 'd argue that the one about sarcasm is also mostly a german thing . 
  those were the days . 
  we were connected to mediterranean sea , alsace was part of us and swabia was almost as big as bavaria . 
  they 're building one . 
  never wondered why half of the inner city is covered with construction sites ? 
  try living in * baustellenhauptstadt karlsruhe * , we 're building a unneeded subway since 2012 . 
  that 's the joke . 
  hopefully soon to be known again as reichenweier ... 
  they put it in storage for the time when the brits come crawling back . 
  it 's time already ? 
  now where did i leave my state mandated pickelhaube ? 
  we tried that twice ... 
  does n't work well . 
  simpel means somethig else in german , du simpel . 
  did we meet in some forest at some point ? 
  i vaguely remember something like that . 
  ah , german grammer . 
  god , do i love/hate you . 
  they are actually hiking sticks , but that model triples as a wand and a sword . 
  i know , why would you even need a wand and a sword when you already have a hiking stick out of german steel . 
    r/kreiswichs is for dank memes and r/de is for angry tirades   rdfd brudi l/kreiswichs = l/de rdfd brudi, 
  i do n't even ... why would you even admit ... ? 
  how is saying that a good idea ? 
  i am so confused right now . 
  still more beautiful than most other things in karlsruhe ... 
  i call bullshit on the 50/50 in germany . 
  i studied computer science and there were no girls !, 
   himmelbjerget `` huge '' ah you danish make the best jokes . 
  greeting from the hilly black forest . 
  `` to war !, 
  aww we 're not doing it ? '', 
  i think it 's a well thought out troll but i do n't want to give him that much credit . 
  insane person ? 
  seeing this topic , reminded me to check what faces the coins have ... 
  i need to step up my collecting game . 
  the real question is : are there enough race tracks in eu for this to become a weekly fad ? 
  you know what . 
  i half expected a picture of merkel 's office . 
  the point is yes , good chance that it 's isis or some other islamic extermist group but that does n't make it actually them . 
  like another person said here , it could just be a white college student with sever depression or another mental problem .
