futurama ? 
  god have n't seen that show in a while . 
  the eu definitly had to democratize first , getting rid of some of the buracracy while at the same time gaining more control over the member states . 
  i asked my friend . 
  i care . 
  you can just ignore it friend . 
  if it was based off the u.s , which powers would you want the individual states to keep ? 
  okay , but just out of curiosity , how many muslims do you know ? 
  i do n't want to attack you views , it 's just that i 've heard the same argument from various different people about all kinds of ethnic and religious groups . 
  i 've often found that the more friendly relations that one has with different groups , the more that one will have a better outlook of . 
  thank you for answering . 
  why all muslims though ? 
  my ancestor 's did n't come from britain , but they did create their own genocides and catastrophes in europe over time . 
  luckily , most of the damage has healed now . 
  no , actually they assimilate very well . 
  some are bilingual , but that can only help them anyways . 
  what ? 
  economics and colonization are some of the reasons that his country is in a poor state , some of which would be your ancestor 's fault . 
  how big are the schools , how many of the children are born in britain ? 
  the job of those schools is therefore to teach them english so that they can contribute to society . 
  many countries were infused with different cultures allowing them to thrive . 
  the roman and greek empires grew from their overpowering culture mixing with the natives to create the groundwork for europe today . 
  even the persian and mongol empires grew from the cultures that lied within . 
  the united states of america grew to become a world power because of its citizens who were from many different cultures to fuse into the modern american identity . 
  by denying that an immigrant from africa could improve british culture , you close your mind to any benefit that might take place . 
  it could be in the form of music or even food . 
  truly i tell you , go talk to an immigrant . 
  you might be surprised what you will learn . 
  it 's not going to lose its heritage , do n't be silly . 
  the groups will mix over time . 
  do n't worry the germans will still look `` german '' whatever that means . 
  i would argue that by expanding out outlook on life and by interacting with different cultures that we all benefit by just getting a larger view on life . 
  that 's why i 'm even on this subreddit , to see a european viewpoint . 
  europe has been invaded so many times in world history that to call any one culture pure is insane and archaic . 
  the greatest states on earth grew strong by embracing the different cultures that existed in their state and then fusing it into something even more remarkable and powerful . 
  how do you feel about the immigrant crisis ? 
  would you want more immigrants to the czech republic ? 
  oh come on , the immigrants will over time merge with the german culture . 
  german culture may be more influenced by the middle east , but that 's all that will happen . 
  let 's be fair , this kind of silliness can happen to people of any nationality . 
  it 's just arcane laws running into the 21st century . 
  yeah , if everything goes completely tits up and you guys need another union for the stability , we are here for you  edit : this was joke . 
  that 's awesome , private schools always smacked of snobbishness anyways, 
  i have no idea how to read dutch , but did you just say you have a jingle stuck in your head ? 
  man its cool how close english and dutch are . 
  we elect judges where i 'm from , while i understand this can lead to problems , i prefer having someone i can trust carry out justice . 
  why are you guys angry about this mega thread ? 
  what 's wrong with being a super power ? 
  if the union was restricted so that it only had laws over issues that affected the entire union and stayed out of the individual states affairs it would keep the sovereignty of the individual states intact . 
  not if part of the political power is divided so that each country gets an equal share of power such as in the u.s senate . 
  a federal union could even have a bicameral legislature , with one house representing population and the other representing the states themselves, 
  that 's insulting to the portuguese and racist . 
  you may have frustrations but there is no need to bring nationality into this, 
  they do n't even have to adapt to the culture . 
  hell , they could still live however the hell they wanted according to whatever societal laws they are used to , within reason and in the bounds of the laws of course , but as long as they accept others cultures and become comfortable living together with them , then it will be okay . 
  for instance , the amish live next to the standard american and get along with them comfortably . 
  eventually they will mix with the existing population and adapt most of their traditions , while also adding some cultural value of their own . 
  wow , that 's more than i thought . 
  that is fantastic , perhaps italy will have a chance to vote on it soon, 
  forgive my ignorance , but how is this issue viewed in italia?with the power of the church , i would assume it is fairly negative , but is it gaining any traction at all ? 
  bernie sanders for excutive chief of earth 2016, 
  i think most european would like to directly elect their representatives , whether or not they are for unification . 
  i agree , every lawmaker should be accountable to the people and through that should be directly elected , not elected by a committee . 
  without that , a full federal union , which is where europe seems to be heading , would be useless . 
  i think if we adopted a canadian health care system and other reforms we could unite perfectly and it would be better for both countries . 
  with that forehead , he could take over all of europe !, 
  but honestly i 'm surprised that so many people still want a monarch . 
  power corrupts in a direct correlation to which power is congregated . 
  the more power an individual has , the more corrupt they are likely to become . 
  even though one can have a great leader like augustus , one could just as easily have a caligula . 
  it 's not worth the risk . 
  even a constitutional monarchy just creates a figurehead that while they can bring in tourism , are just a gross example of pompousness and decadence . 
  it just seems so unnecessary . 
  that place is scary , its like the alternate-universe evil version of / r/europe for whites only . 
  put in all 50 states just for the luls, 
  [ we 've got them covered ] ( http://51st-state.com/ ), 
  * woosh * ? 
  i know , i mean , i 'll for peaceful annexations !, 
  i do n't know , but i heard it was invented by a german immigrant in the united states who named it after his home city, 
  did italy finally kick it into the atlantic, 
  the more things change , the more they stay the same . 
  if stands in the corner stiff . 
  my great grandmotherused to say that . 
  true , but that does n't make it better . 
  it is little condolence to the people that were actually slaves and were re-enslaved . 
  i am well aware of the nations that made up the old empire . 
  i did n't include the other nations is because while they did make up part of the empire , i was focusing on germany and italy because they became united later and had similar , but yet different languages that were unified into one overreaching modern language for each country . 
  of course , those progenitors could be considered dialects , but that 's a linguistic cluster fuck that i do n't want to get into . 
  i doubt that the uk will leave the eu . 
  they would still have influence , but eventually they will run into a monetary crisis where the eu would have protected them and then they will fall into incredibly hard times . 
  it is true that federations are harder for the rich constituents , but those countries will eventually run into a wall where the federation will protect them , benefitting them in the end . 
  i 'm done discussing this with you for now , have a good day . 
  yes but india still functions as a fairly unified state , how ahoy are you with the country ? 
  you would n't want india to be broken into individual independent states right ? 
  first it is not semantics , they are two separate things . 
  second the area that was the hre has now formalized into essentially italy and germany , which are now much more culturally homogenous due to unification . 
  globalization is already bringing nations together and lessening cultural boundaries . 
  europe will unite , eventually , creating a much more powerful state than it could ever had been before . 
  if europe does not unite , they will have some power , but the whole of europe would be filled with third rate powers that have no control over the world as america , china and india dominate . 
  they will become obscure .
