  but by uniting , europe could dominate by itself . 
  it would become an economic powerhouse able to control the destiny of the planet . 
  that was a weak confederation , not a federation . 
  `` uniformed rules and regulations will be devastating for such a huge land mass ( eu ) '' how the hell are uniform rules devastating to a large country ? 
  uniform rules and regulations would only improve the country . 
  of course there would be local laws and regulations depending on the nation 's needs . 
  a collection of states that share a common heritage but also have some cultural , political and economic differences . 
  just like europe really . 
  but since they were united through `` british assistance for more than a century '' the differences between the states really disappeared . 
  are you ... a redneck in disguise ? 
  i love how many eu4 jokes there are here . 
  i wish i had that game , but i do n't have a computer good enough or enough money to get said computer : /, 
  is that the actual language ? 
  it looks like someone randomly has a spasm and went `` aytveehfawlewhfaedkpayewoa '' on their keyboard . 
  what are the source of those potato jokes ? 
  of course there is no certain way of knowing , but the eu and all of its predecessors have really helped unite europe . 
  the countries of the eu have been trying to kill or out compete each other for hundreds of years but that cycle stopped when the various countries of europe joined together . 
  without the union , it is very likely that the member states would still be rivals with each other and would very likely fight each other . 
  in addition , civil wars happen when the political union is torn over some issue or another . 
  political unions are not a guarantee of peace , but political stability is . 
  or , you know , not at all . 
  idk man , they were traveling very fast when they hit the mountain , according to the flight information from above : /, 
  honestly , it sickens me to see it going back to this kind of situation . 
  hmmm how do you feel about the czech republic ? 
  was he speaking to them in german or dutch ? 
  i honestly could n't tell and was hoping one of you fine people could help me . 
  i have a question . 
  i am often confused about the nature of the eu parliament , they create `` laws '' for the entire union in a sense correct ? 
  also you do n't elect members to the eu parliament ? 
  then who does ? 
  is it the national governments that do so ? 
  this sounds ... familiar, 
  oh britain , how you love to cause long lasting problems . 
  belgium has a reddit account ?!, 
  looks like grilled cheese in a way, 
  who the hell puts ketchup on pizza ?!, 
  thats interesting to say the least ... 
  selective bias, 
  what is this song about ? 
  man those mods are butthurt . 
  learn to take a joke . 
  it looks like it might be clinton vs trump . 
  kill me, 
  how many layers of clothing do you put on ? 
  someone 's biking in those temperatures ? 
  my ancestors came from all over europe , i tell people that i 'm descended from germans . 
  no country is inherently real in some sense , they are all just constructs of the mind that we all have seemed to agree upon . 
  edit : two words . 
  also he probably has to use a hyperdrive to move around . 
  i was always told he was from germany , but that he lives in the north pole . 
  what fascinates me is that in any other part of the world , this would lead to massive civil wars for decades , but belgium is one of the most peaceful countries in the world . 
  might as well leave them as is . 
  i am so confused, 
  so how about `` balkan leftovers '' then :d, 
  what the hell was that ? 
  that sounds like a massive engine for migration , as millions leave their homes to search for places that have water . 
  that 's not a good thing . 
  i wonder what broke , it sounds like some kind of server shenanigans but i do n't have enough it knowledge to figure it out . 
  dear lord . 
  is she hot ? 
  trying to . 
  basically say that kurdistan becomes independent . 
  in kurdistan ( roughly ) there lies the modern assyrian people . 
  i would show it as independent and a separate nation from kurdistan and iraq . 
  i 'm working on that !!, 
  it 's ... 
  extreme . 
  i despise when people personify the people of this website as one large entity with only one large opinion on any topic . 
  edit : i get it . 
  but when people say `` reddit this '' or `` reddit that '' it 's annoying and it 's over simplifying everything . 
  interesting , so how many seats are in the assembly ? 
  also how do you like the system as you have it ? 
  for me , i would n't like the party to choose who to represent me , i want to choose the exact candidate that i feel fits my needs . 
  um , what the heck are lists ? 
  in europe yeah , but one would think it would be much more common in the arab countries . 
  i think he was joking, 
  it is disturbing that they have those feelings towards gays and people such as that . 
  but that does n't mean that they should be killed and blown up by barbarians . 
  that is disturbing . 
  luckily none of those examples are a majority . 
  but still none of them say they support isis . 
  no they do n't that 's bullshit . 
  they may be conservative but that is a steaming pile of bullshit . 
  i 'm glad . 
  too soon people here just start blaming muslims in general for these catastrophes when innocent muslims get killed in these attacks also . 
  it 's only the most violent islamists that carry out these attacks . 
  there is always fear and terror after some attack like this , but please work with your government so that they do n't restrict your liberties in some manner because of these attacks . 
  do n't let fear rule you , like after 9/11 in the united states . 
  vive la france !, 
  do n't let these bastards obtain victory . 
  islamists are pretty different from the average muslim though . 
  islamists are extreme in their beliefs , the typical muslim , not so much, 
  i really do n't think so . 
  i sent them a message about something and they got really pissed ... 
  i agree , it 's a little disturbing what kind of stuff gets upvoted on here . 
  it makes me worry for europe 's future . 
  i would be perfectly okay with private companies building mosques, 
  the refugees are not the same people as those that ransacked your country . 
  just because they share the same faith means nothing . 
  diversity is not a bad thing .
