  a one-way ticket costs 85 ~ $ . 
  the bus from granada to madrid costs 17 $ and only takes one more hour . 
  to infinity and beyond . 
  the netherlands . 
   because countries going with reduced spending austerity are such a resounding of success . 
  hey , we have had austerity in spain for four years now and it is working like gangbusters , we have a 1.4 % expected growth rate for 2014 . 
  actually it 's going so well that i 'm going to have to leave the country with both my bachelor 's degree and my master 's in medical science . 
  you know , i could make a fortune if i stayed in spain but ... 
  i 'd rather be humble lad and let others take that wealth . 
  railway in spain is stupidly expensive . 
  i have only used once in two years . 
  why would i pay that unreasonably high amount when i can buy an airplane ticket for the same price or a bus ticket for half the price ? 
  yes , because what i was trying to show is the direct correlation between high taxes and prosperity that happened during the second half of the xx century . 
  [ the situation was similar for corporate taxes ] ( http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-soi/02corate.pdf ) , if you want to check . 
  or corsica , for some reason . 
  joke 's on them , we never had jobs in the first place :d they 're just volunteering , it 's just that they do n't know it yet . 
  i said their reckless lust for profit , not profit in general . 
  although you 're right , seeing your gdp increase is not the most important thing in the world . 
  you are our little brother , 
  hey , i would never do that . 
  * hugs *, 
   instead , officials who decide what to spend public money on will often go with people they know instead of the financially best venture . 
  i do n't know where you 're from but that should n't be happening . 
  [ history has taught us that leaving too much power to corporation ends up in economics collapse \\ ( basically what happened during the early xx century \\ ) and that the best way to lead the path towards an equal , economic growth is through support and maintenance of an stable middle class that will keep consuption rates high ( from the second half of the xx century on ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/income_tax_in_the_united_states#history_of_top_rates ) . 
  while i do n't think communism is a viable option at all , unregulated capitalism can be as dangerous as the latter . 
  i think we are both locked in our opinions . 
  you do n't think government expenditure is an investment in society and i do n't think , based on historical facts , that corporations ' lust for profit benefits society in any way . 
  this is clearly outdated . 
  bulgarians think of spain as the `` workplace '' . 
   what do you think banks even do ? 
  when you deposit money it 's not just `` locked in a bank account , '' it 's being invested by the bank . 
  in fact , in most countries , if you deposit $ 10 into the bank , it will invest $ 20 or $ 30 out through the fractional-reserve system . 
  first , that depends on the bank , the country and the regulation . 
  it is important to distinguish between savings banks , investment banks , credit unions and other money-storing entities second , we have seen through the early 2000s where banking investment leads us to : economic bubbles that will later burst in our faces . 
  about dividends , unions are there for many reasons , and one of them is preventing this from happening . 
  i 'm saying that a corporation , who lusts for profit , wo n't invest its money unless it is sure that it will get a greater amount of money from that investment . 
  also lobbysts do not work for the government , why would they get the public money ? 
  it 's usually the other way around , lobbyists `` pressure '' the governments to receive some legal benefits . 
  i do n't know about your country but , although we have several cases of corruption , i do n't think giving more money to the state will translate into more corrupt officials . 
  taxing them will allow governments to invest in their own country . 
  a big company might only invest if it foresees some profit prospect , otherwise it will keep the money locked in a bank account , which does no good to anyone . 
  still low, 
  it 's low compared to what they used to be when times were better . 
  you mean the top 10 % that is not rich enough to hide their money in tax havens ? 
  i believe you 're not naive enough to think that widespread use of international subsidiaries to avoid fiscal responsabilities is not a common thing . 
  in spain , for example , the most powerful companies have been [ hiding tax money that is equal to the amount of public debt ] ( http://www.publico.es/dinero/454897/el-94-de-las-empresas-del-ibex-elude-impuestos-en-paraisos-fiscales ) . 
  i believe [ the us has one the highest wealth gap between rich and poor in the world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_inequality#mediaviewer/file:gini_coefficient_world_cia_report.svg ) . 
  and [ there are constant reports on how the american middle class is slowly dying ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/money/us-money-blog/2014/apr/27/america-canada-middle-class-college-healthcare-taxes ) . 
  why is n't the university in the us as cheap as it was 20 years ago ? 
  why are n't there as many social benefits as there were 20 years ago ? 
  [ because the tax burden in the us has been gradually changed to favour the rich . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2012/11/30/us/tax-burden.html ) tax havens and loopholes are a scourge that hinders the development of modern societies , no matter how fashionable neo-liberal schools want to make free trade seem . 
  and no , i 'm not reluctant to pay taxes , as long as everybody else is fulfilling their duty , because that 's how middle class was built and that 's how you keep the economy of your country healthy . 
  and the examples are there : scandinavian countries . 
  taxes are there for many reasons , one of them being to balance income inequality . 
  paying taxes is basically investing in your own country through your government . 
  well , at least they are realistic . 
  neoliberals here tell you everything 's gon na be alright , you 're gon na see a gdp increase and you will get plenty of jobs and then , when shit hits the fan , they just blame the previous government . 
  france has the highest marginal tax rate on individuals , but its corporate rate is not that high ( 30 % if i remember correctly ) . 
  i do n't understand why the rich are so afraid of being taxed . 
  taxes ensure that society has a well-built middle class through different means ( social benefits , education , income regulation ) . 
  a well-built middle class is able to keep the consumption ratio stable , which in turn will translate into gdp growth and most likely into profit for their companies . 
  it has been working for scandinavian countries for decades , why are then the rich so scared of contributing to their customers ' and their own company 's wellbeing ? 
  but ... but ... the market ... 
  they 're generally pretty bad . 
  the only people who say they 're good are the ones that ca n't watch it in the original version . 
  or just trying to show off his poetic skills by making use of a beautiful oxymoron . 
  and an attempt to erradicate an entire ethnicity . 
  you know , everyday stuff . 
  he was just an aid worker ... 
  this kind of stuff makes me think that humanity is hopeless . 
  from the original webpage :  rainbow europe map reflecting the 49 european countries ' legislation and policies that have a direct impact on the enjoyment of human rights by lgbti people . 
  the rainbow map reflects each country 's situation and provides overall score on how far this country is on a scale between 0 % and 100 % . 
  so basically , if your country has implemented pro-lgtb measures , you get a higher score , whereas if your country has been an asshole ( law-wise ) to the lgbt community , you get a lower score . 
  [ according to the last poll ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_independence ) : 54.7 % yes , 22.1 % no . 
  edit : i forgot to state my view on the topic . 
  as a spaniard , as much as i love catalonia and would like them to stay with us , i am ok with it being an independent country . 
  democracy comes first , so everyone should be allowed to decide for the future of their country . 
  edit2 : apparently , i ca n't type like a human today ... 
   what do you think about tisa ? 
  i think it should as well be subject to approval via referendum . 
   yeah , american corporations must also control germany . 
  they already control the political and economic power of your country , why would n't they want to control the rest of the market ? 
  after all , they have the power and influence to do so . 
  come on , at this point we both know who wears the pants in the us . 
   i was taking about what justifies a referendum if you read my first comment , you 'll find this sentence : `` i think an agreement of such importance should be voted on referendum . '', 
  i think it 's quite clear that this statement implies that any bilateral agreement of the same importance such as one between india and the eu should as well be subject to referendum . 
  nobody 's trying to deflect from the initial point . 
   demonstrated by southern & northern european relations . 
  do i have to remind you that the austerity-based approach to economics was suggested by people who worked for american based-corporations , such as mario draghi and is based on the protection of the free market rather than the interestests of the society ( which is by far a rather american approach to economics ) ? 
  you may ask people around here what they think about such approach and you will get europe 's true thinking . 
   as well as british & polish relations with the eurozone . 
  just because they did n't adopt the euro as a currency does not mean they hate us . 
   india for one in no way endangers the middle class with cheap labor & in no way poses a risk with loose regulations . 
   who said said i support a fta with india ? 
  and you speak about it as if we had already signed the agreement , yet we have n't . 
  sorry , but it 's different . 
  in europe , we share a ( more or less ) common approach to economics and politics , so it makes sense that the european union was born . 
  however , i do n't think we need powerful american lobbyists buzzing around here at the moment . 
  corporations are strong enough already and if this is not going to benefit the middle class in any way , i do n't think there 's a reason for this agreement to be brought forth .
