i compared the two posts because they 're both from last year and the original poster said that only those with an anti-britain agenda post old articles on here . 
  this is demonstrably untrue . 
  anyway , the one which had already been posted on here and which was problematic in other ways received very few upvotes , the one which had never been posted and had a funny title received a lot . 
  nothing malevolent in it . 
  in fairness , a quick glance at the cebr 's client list does undermine that particular study 's credibility somewhat . 
  totally accept that there 's a lot of anti-british sentiment around here though . 
  goes both ways really . 
  that questionable study from the centre for economic and business research from last year which claims that britain will become the biggest economy in europe over the next fifteen years was reposted a few days ago under the charming title ` anglo-saxon domination ' . 
  there are as many blindly pro-britain posters on here as there are anti . 
  where does clovis stand in terms of classic national figures ? 
  charles de gaulle certainly seems to have regarded him quite highly , famously saying that the history of france starts with clovis , but elsewhere i 've seen assertions like this dismissed as myth construction . 
  undoubtedly much of what constitutes irish identity has been constructed in opposition to that of our friends across the irish sea but i do n't think our stronger sense of european citizenship can be attributed to that alone . 
  despite or maybe because of our isolated position on the periphery of the continent , efforts were made to assimilate irish history to a mainland european narrative before the conquest of ireland . 
  the 11th century lebor gab\u00e1la \u00c9renn ( usually known in english as the book of invasions ) , for example , claims that the mythical galician king breog\u00e1n constructed a monumental tower in galicia from which his sons saw a distant green shore which enticed them to lead an expedition to sail and settle there . 
  ireland has for a long time seen itself as european . 
  parts of northern ireland are anyway . 
  clegg 's wife is spanish is n't she ? 
  i think he 's your man . 
  she holds an irish passport . 
  i see you deleted the original comment sent accidentally from your / u/starvethemtodeath account and re-submitted it word for word from your / u/tanville account . 
  if only we simple irish could aspire to that level of technological mastery . 
   the architecture is hideous but it 's mostly georgian . 
  that 's british innit !, 
  just had a look at your post history and you seem to have quite a fascination with the holy land of ireland . 
  an obsession even . 
  i suggest a trip to dublin . 
  my guess is you 've never actually been . 
  oliver stone actually gave the macedonians irish accents in that atrocious film he made for that very reason . 
   alexander the greats ancestor , alexander the first took part in the olympic games not without some difficulty . 
  his competitors wanted him to be barred from competition , saying that the games should be for greeks only . 
  he was only permitted to participate after a court of hellenodikai determined his claim to descent from heracles and argive greeks to be true , emphasising once more the relative barbarism of the macedonians . 
  to dismiss as shameful ireland 's neutrality during the second world war suggests either bias or a serious lack of understanding of the nuance and complexity of the historical context . 
  in the wake of successive devastating conflicts - first against imperial britain and subsequently a civil war - a newly independent ireland had neither the economic nor military means to fight another war . 
  further , as a newly-sovereign nation ireland was determined to establish its own independent foreign policy because , to quote historian diarmaid ferriter , `` the ability to do this was seen by contemporaries as the ultimate test of true independence '' . 
  ireland 's neutrality was neither noble nor shameful . 
  it was born of necessity and pragmatism . 
  the fact all political parties in a deeply divided country overwhelmingly supported the decision is testament to this . 
  the notion that the british invented concentration camps is actually a myth . 
  the spanish put an end to insurgencies in colonial cuba in 1896 by removing cuban peasants from their land and reconcentrating them in camps . 
  the us also established concentration camps during the philippine-american war . 
  [ and it 's not just alcohol . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tea_consumption_per_capita ), 
  all too well . 
   in zapatero 's spain , for example , republican political theorists such as philip pettit were consulted on the state of the government . 
  yet in his own country successive governments have refused to take advantage of his expertise . 
  and this despite repeated commitments to building a new republic . 
  we 've already declared at least three without much success - someone like pettit might actually be able to help us finally get it right . 
  [ so the british way then ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21796157 ), 
  over 1,000 police officers have been deployed to northern ireland from england , scotland and wales so in that sense at least it does have something to do with the british mainland . 
  its royal bed is also a couch for luxury and damned incest . 
  i think they got the bed in ikea . 
  could you explain the first two examples of sectarianism please ? 
  anti-immigration sentiment coupled with the fact poland is overwhelming catholic . 
  poland , palestine and the vatican will be joining the ivory coast in celebrating the twelfth tomorrow . 
  [ subscribers to / r/vexillology look away now . 
  none of the large european governments anyway . 
  luxembourg 's foreign minister called the revelations `` disgusting '' and requested assurances from the us that the spying will end immediately . 
  optimistic . 
  the connection between alexander the great and albania is of course contentious but nevertheless pretty interesting . 
  alexander 's mother , olympias ( 375-316 bc ) , was a princess from epirus , an ancient greek state shared geographically between modern northwestern greece and southern albania . 
  she looked exactly like angelina jolie . 
  olympias was an aeacid and since the aeacidae traced their descent to , among others , achilles and peleus , she would very much have been considered greek . 
  that said , the fact that she came from the periphery of the greek world meant that she would also have been regarded to some extent at least as barbaric , not unlike alexander himself . 
  because of his mother 's epirote origin , alexander has been claimed by some as an albanian . 
  indeed , it has been suggested that the national currency of albania - the lek - was named after him and alexander 's image adorned the front and back of the first 1 lek coin . 
  i reckon jon snow could do a job in game of thrones . 
  he played a newscaster in ralph fiennes ' film adaptation of coriolanus . 
  great range . 
  plus it 's a report from the irish independent . 
  daily mail stuff . 
  a position of some authority within the jewish faith i believe . 
  notice the near absence of those menacing red dots in good catholic countries like ourselves , portugal and italy . 
  no friend of india either . 
  he was a wartime prime minister , though , and it is only military success which he will be remembered for . 
  i know there was some trouble when shamrock rovers and linfield were playing this year but i suppose that 's to be expected when you consider the type of fan both clubs have been known to attract . 
  all pretty embarrassing really . 
  what part of ireland are you from because football hooliganism is non-existent in ireland . 
  in dublin anyway the boys are much more likely to be wearing premier league or celtic jerseys than league of ireland jerseys . 
  up the ra !, 
  up the british economy !, 
  they 're mostly harmless unless you 're looking for trouble . 
  thatcher can and should be blamed for a lot of ills but this is not one of them . 
  the tensions existed before he reign began . 
  britain 's first ever nationwide referendum was held by the ruling labour party to determine if the british people wanted to remain part of the eec with 67 % ultimately voting in favour on a 65 % turnout . 
  harold wilson 's cabinet was split on the issue , however , with 7 of its 23 members seeking withdrawal . 
  euroscepticism was as ubiquitous in 1970s britain as abba music or football hooliganism and although she probably exacerbated the issue , she was by no means the origin of it . 
  i 'd add idealisation of other nations . 
  typical of a colonised people . 
  we were joint 1st in 2009 so 15th is quite a fall . 
  it 's on the agenda apparently . 
  hard to be overly optimistic about the constitutional convention when the government will likely reject or delay making a decision on any radical recommendations . 
  the latest poll from ireland ( october of last year ) has support for same-sex marriage at 66 % . 
  our t\u00e1naiste ( deputy pm ) has also said he 's very much in favour and has called for a referendum on the issue . 
  this is ireland though so all of this means nothing . 
  google , microsoft and a couple of other multinationals have actually cited our cool climate as a significant factor in choosing to invest in ireland because the prevailing westerly winds provide a cheaper and more energy efficient means of cooling down the servers in their data centres . 
  pretty much the only advantage of the irish weather i can think of . 
  ireland 's effective rate of corporate tax is 11.9 % , not a whole lot lower than the average effective corporate tax rate in the eu of 12.1 % . 
  in france , for example , companies can , with some maneuvering , pay an effective rate of 8.2 % . 
  ireland , however , is the easiest country in europe in which to pay business taxes , which is important .
