[ mfw ] ( http://alltheragefaces.com/img/faces/large/misc-jackie-chan-l.png ) fellow germans in this thread are having a competition who can bash our country the most op : i have no idea if you are trolling , karma-whoring or just having a massive inferiority complex regarding your country : whatever the case , this display of onesided opinion makes me sad, 
  [ n-tv ] ( http://www.n-tv.de/ ), 
  everything in that article is 100 % true . 
  first of all , let me say : thank you for your opinion . 
  this is why i decided to stop lurking and made an active reddit-account . 
  the civilized exchange of opinions and views between redditors from all over the world is what makes this website so special . 
  i agree with you that my information on the euro-crisis is one-sided because my biggest source of information is german media . 
  i 'm always willing to change my view if i can be convinced to do so by reasonable arguments . 
  but i also think that my reproaches are based on solid facts . 
   the war here is not between greeks and germans , it 's between the european middle-class and the banking sector . 
  i did never speak of a war . 
  that is what the greek media is talking about . 
  however i completely agree with you that the banking sector is to blame for many aspects of the euro-crisis . 
   your comment is mildly racist at times , even if that was n't your intention or even if you think that your racism has any empirical validity . 
  i certainly did n't mean to sound racist . 
  i 'm sorry if that offended you . 
   contrary to popular belief , greece did not lie to adopt the euro . 
  with the accounting techniques used when greece was introduced to the euro , greece 's deficit was less than 3 % . 
  check the wikipedia page `` economy of greece '' for more details . 
  in this case i have to admit that i was wrong . 
  i checked the wikipedia page and the corresponding sources and now i understand the situation better . 
  however , while reading about this i also read this :  in early 2010 , it was revealed that successive greek governments had been found to have consistently and deliberately misreported the country 's official economic statistics to keep within the monetary union guidelines . 
  this had enabled greek governments to spend beyond their means , while hiding the actual deficit from the eu overseers . 
  ( source : [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_greece#2010.e2.80.93present_government_debt_crisis ) ) while this may have not been completely illegal it 's certainly immoral and could be called corrupt . 
  which brings me to your next point :  the greek government , no matter how corrupt and terrible it may be , did not cause the crisis . 
  how do i know that ? 
  because i asked myself the obvious : if greece is paying the consequences for its terrible government ( or lazy citizens ) , then why is italy , spain , ireland , and portugal suffering a crisis as well ? 
  they ca n't be all that lazy and fiscally irresponsible . 
  it ca n't be that only germany has hard-working citizens . 
  * italy had a terrible government for years !, 
  you ca n't tell me that berlusconi did a good job as prime minister . 
  but ( and this is what i 'm missing in greece ) they accepted that they were in trouble and did something against that ( technical government under mario monti ) . 
  * ireland 's crisis was caused by a property bubble the reliance on foreign investments and inadequate control of the banking system . 
  * in spain the factor that one third of the gdp relies on the real estate-sector caused problems after the housing-bubble burst . 
  * i unfortunately do n't know anything about why portugal was hit by the finance crisis in this dimension . 
  the problem in greece certainly is the amount of corruption and shadow economy ( 25 % of the gdp )  greece has the eu 's second worst corruption perceptions index after bulgaria , ranking 80th in the world , and lowest index of economic freedom and global competitiveness index , ranking 119th and 90th respectively . 
  corruption , together with the associated issue of poor standards of tax collection , is widely regarded as both a key cause of the current troubles in the economy and a key hurdle in terms of overcoming the country 's debt problem . 
  ( source : [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_greece#strengths_and_weaknesses ) )  the truth is that the euro itself was established so that germany can get rich while the southern countries get poorer . 
  this is n't the truth . 
  germany wanted to keep their * deutsche mark * , but one of the conditions for the reunification was the extension of the european economic and monetary union ( that is : the euro ) . 
  this is a prejudice that many people have but it 's just not true . 
  financial stability was always one of the most important pillars of german economy and the * deutsche mark * was very stable . 
  i do n't negate the fact that our exports profited from the euro but please know that this was n't a plan german politicians and people made ( many of them still want the * mark * back ) . 
  this was a plan from french president mitterande . 
   germany is more competitive than greece . 
  and why is that ? 
  it ca n't be because of the amount of work the average worker does . 
  we already made that clear . 
  i think that the financial and economic regulations made by the german government and the measures against corruption are responsible for this difference in competitiveness in a large part . 
  ( but that 's only my opinion . 
  please prove me wrong if this is not right from your point of view . ), 
   to add to that , german companies are loaning irresponsibly to greece in order for greeks to buy their products ( this is called a vendor financing scheme ) . 
  so capital flows from greece to germany uncontrollably and germany develops a trade surplus . 
  so if you get offered something that is bad for you on a long term you still take it because it gives you pleasure on a short term ? 
  greece did n't have to accept that money but because the greeks wanted a higher living standard ( i ca n't blame you for that ) it was accepted . 
  to live beyond one 's means is the keyword . 
   germany is not helping greece . 
  germany is helping the european banks . 
  the bailout money will not go to the greek people , it will go towards paying back the debt . 
  but why does greece have to pay money to banks ? 
  because the government spend more money than it had . 
  greece has lived beyond its means for years . 
  and to make sure that this does n't happen again there has to be austerity . 
   germany got most of its debts forgiven after the wwii . 
  the us marshall plan gave germany enough money so that its economy could stand on its feet . 
  think about this : nations were so generous to germany despite all the atrocities that germany committed in the wwii . 
  and yet you feel that greece , which has n't done anything remotely as bad , does n't deserve to be saved . 
  i never said , that i do n't think greece deserves to be saved . 
  quite the contrary : i support the financial help given to your country because i thinks it 's necessary to save the euro and because i wish for a europe where every country has economic strength . 
  i just wish for more cooperation from the greek side . 
  also you just used a nazi-analogy which you said before was something you would n't do . 
  my points are : * corruption * shadow economy * living beyond one 's means for years ( maybe even decades ), 
  as i said before :  of course i do n't blame every greek for what is happening in his country . 
  not everybody in this country is a criminal or corrupt . 
  there sure are a lot of greeks who are hard-working , tax-paying people , who are as enraged as i am , that now everything is going down the drain . 
  the thing that i 'm really angry about is : the financial situation of this country is horrible , but certain ( and important ) parts of greek society do n't seem to understand this . 
  every day when i 'm reading the newspaper i see news about another strike , about a greek billionaire who took all his money to another county , about pension fraud ( or some other kind of corruption ) or about another controversy between the greek politicans . 
  it looks like nobody wants to take the responsibility for what has happened and everybody is afraid to face reality . 
  and nobody can tell me that there is no other way to solve this . 
  in italy the entire cabinet has been replaced by economists . 
  no more politicians and suddenly it 's working . 
  the italians realized what they had to do and then they did it . 
  this is what i 'm missing in greece . 
  i also realize that my point of view may be a little bit onesided , so if there is a greek in this thread , please correct me if what i 'm saying is wrong . 
  i have to say , as a german , i find those caricatures deeply offending . 
  i can very well understand that the greeks are frustrated . 
  nobody likes to give up their wealth and i can certainly understand , that fear of economic ruin is widespread in greece . 
  but to give all the blame to another country , even comparing them with one of the most evil regimes in the history of mankind , this is outrageous !, 
  let me describe how the euro-crisis is seen from our perspective . 
  germany has worked very hard to overcome the time since the reunification . 
  german wages have n't risen much in the last 20 years ( [ source ] ( http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article6526662/griechen-arbeiten-konkurrenzlos-teuer.html ) ) . 
  on the other side it has been proven that greece did not report their financial problems when joining the eurozone . 
  they lied to the other euro-countries about this . 
  meanwhile the wages of the average greek worker rose every year at a much higher rate than the wages of the german workers . 
  but would n't the state profit from the higher average income through more tax revenue ? 
  greece is one of the countries with the most cases of tax evasion . 
  and one of the coruptest countries in europe . 
  ( [ sources in norrskens post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/qqcm0/when_in_doubt_call_them_nazis_ugly_stereotypes_of/c3znjji ) ) now greece is screaming for help and who has to pay it ? 
  germany of course . 
  as the country with the biggest economy in the eu and in the euro-zone we have to pay for what people in greece fucked up !,
