  i have already told you one thing i am standing for , namely that people who are able to contribute to society by doing honest work , but are nevertheless unwilling to do so , should not receive an income that allows them to live in pure extravagance . 
  one major reason why some people are able to do this is that the capitalistic system allows them to privately own what can only be maintained by collaborative efforts . 
  in and of itself , private ownership can be useful because it makes individuals more inclined to take care of the things they own and allows them to make plans for themselves in a way no centralized system could , regardless of how well-intentioned it is , because it simply lacks the adequate information about all people 's individual needs . 
  however , this benefit of private property is turned on its head when we look to entities that are , de facto , not a private matter , such as international corporations with millions of employees and in control of enormous swaths of land and resources . 
  the capital of such corporations should neither belong to a private individual , nor to the state . 
  it should be neutral like ota \u0160ik proposed . 
  people may still invest private money and get a reward for the risk they took , but they should not be able to derive rewards eternally for doing nothing . 
   try as hard as you may , but you can not answer questions about whether the current german republic or the old nazi germany is better by saying `` freedom '' and `` liberty '' a lot . 
  that 's just meaningless rhetoric . 
  true . 
  perhaps you should consider that morality is not the same as parroting those words . 
  however , since you are an american , i am not surprised if you denied this . 
  considering the flag next to your name , your promotion of ethnic cleansing is especially repugnant . 
  all economic rules , including the rules that make up capitalism , impose background constraints on the choices individuals can make . 
  when we talk about the economy , we are not arguing about whether or not we want to be free . 
  we are arguing about what coercion we prefer . 
  try as hard as you may , but you can not answer questions about which ownership claims to honor ( and to what extent ) and which to reject by saying `` freedom '' and `` liberty '' a lot . 
  that 's just meaningless rhetoric . 
  other systems are not allowed to arise because the established powers crush them in their infancy . 
  that 's what this conversation was initially about . 
  i 'm certain that if ota \u0160ik 's ideas became sufficiently popular , the us would 've assisated him and slaughtered his followers , either directly or by proxy . 
  and i still maintain that it 's not our place to decide the internal affairs of other countries regardless of what we personally believe is better or worse . 
  your benchmark for a good system may be gdp , other people may have other priorities , such as justice . 
  i do n't want to turn this into a semantic dispute because it 's really not important what terms we use , but i do n't think that i redefined anything . 
  capitalism implies that the means of production are privately owned . 
  at least with regard to conventional ownership rights , this enables individuals to receive an income without working for it . 
  some argue that the german economy benefits long term because it needs more young workers . 
  but it 's not really a question of who does or does n't benefit from giving refuge to people in danger . 
  it 's a question about basic human decency . 
   trade and barter is by no means a new system . 
  correct . 
  but trade and barter is not the same as capitalism . 
   private trading , which is what capitalism is that is wrong . 
  you can have many different systems that involve private trading other than capitalism . 
  in fact , i just proposed one . 
  so unless i myself want to live like the indiginous people in the rainforest , i can not criticize those who destroy their way of life ? 
  allow me to challenge a few of your assertions . 
  first of all , if capitalism were `` the human and general law of nature '' , then it should 've existed ever since the dawn of humanity . 
  that , however , is simply not the case . 
  captialism is a fairly new invention and , even today , most indigenous tribes do n't use it . 
  secondly , you are equating capitalism with meritocracy . 
  this is not surprising , considering that most proponents of capitalism like to present it this way . 
  we are told the tale of people who work hard and are rewarded with riches for their efforts . 
  in and of itself , there is nothing wrong with that , right ? 
  right . 
  lazy people should n't enjoy the same benefits as those who earned a high standard of living through hard work and integrity , correct ? 
  correct . 
  however , the opposite of such a system that , at least at first glance , seems inherently fair , is capitalism itself . 
  capitalism allows lazy people to receive an income without working for it and it is a useful tool to prevent those who are diligent and creative to be successful . 
  under capitalism , you can let the things you own `` do the work for you '' . 
  people can eternally make money from property and corporations they themselves do absolutely nothing to maintain or promote . 
  as long as there are other people who maintain the things they own , they get a share of the profits for no other reason than the silly idea that people can somehow become the eternal owners of pieces of the natural world or conceptual entities . 
  how exactly does this fit the image of meritocracy ? 
  this also explains how the insane wealth distribution in the world came to be . 
  no individual human is a million times more productive and/or creative as the average person . 
  such super-humans simply do n't exist . 
  but individuals nevertheless can make a million times more money than the average person because their `` capital is doing the work for them '' . 
  in order to change this , i do n't think that we need to get rid of private property altogether , or create a centralized economy . 
  i think that we simply need to neutralize corporate property , as ota \u0160ik and others have proposed . 
  then , people can still compete with each other for the biggest pieces of cake , but there will no longer be people who can eat tons of cake without doing anything for it . 
   most reasonable people are [ ... ] is there a worldwide survey of reasonable people i am unaware of ? 
  if so , i would like to know what the survey 's benchmark for reasonableness is . 
  if not , could it be that you simply equate reasonableness with a person 's tendency to agree with you ? 
  people often forget that while the ussr was not exactly the workers utopia it was hailed as , there are a few caveats . 
  russia was basically an ass-backwards nation pre-revolution ( for the sake of brevity ) . 
  it had no industrialization and was pretty much entirely agriculture . 
  its revolutionary government was not exactly stable and well-established . 
  the western world hated its existence and wanted it put down . 
  defense of the revolution was first and foremost in their eyes , and ensuring its survival was a paramount concern . 
  it might put its rather brutal `` security '' measures in some context . 
  they knew they were in the crosshairs of the soldiers of capitalism , so they choose to err on the side of caution and just kill anyone who might risk bringing it down . 
  the details , morality and implications of those actions are debatable , but let 's be real about why they might have chosen to go that route . 
  furthermore , there was the matter of two back to back world wars and the resulting cold war , which took up a lot of time and resources in the new society 's economy ; hard to worry about consumer goods when a huge chunk of your economic infrastructure is dedicated to besting a better equipped , more established and wealthier opponent who swore you as a mortal enemy . 
  these are a few reasons why i find the off-handed dismissals of planned economies by pointing ot the ussr irk me . 
  not to mention that the us targeted and destroyed other systems as well , such as democratic socialism in chile . 
  in any event , it 's not my place to decide whether or not these economic and governmental systems should remain or be abolished . 
  that 's for the people who live under them to decide , without any undue influence of outsiders . 
  yep , the corporate edifice that rules the us can not allow people in other countries to use an economic system that is n't capitalism . 
  got ta overthrow democratically elected leaders and murder unrelated bystanders in order to achieve the noble goal of crushing other ways of life . 
  i miss the time when japan used to make anime specifically for us euros . 
  sure , ghibly recently made ronja r\u00e4ubertochter , but i want more . 
  yes , it was amazing . 
  but i liked * once upon a time ... space * ( es war einmal ... der weltraum ) even better because of psi . 
  psi was so kawaii . 
  schulz is n't left , you sillies . 
  this means leftist rhetoric , but neoliberal fdp-esque politics . 
  if the spd wins ( which they most likely wo n't ) , then this only goes to show that the majority of germany 's current generation is incredibly naive . 
  if you did n't ruin your brain with pot , you could 've noticed that obelix has a female love interest . 
  yet again , americans are dumb in general so perhaps you would n't have understood such a simple story even if you did n't decrease your intelligence with cannabis , ameriscum . 
  and you apparently still have no clue what socialism even is . 
  the story focusses on a small village of indomitable gauls who fight the romans in order to preserve their sovereignty . 
  how ironic that this is posted on / r/europe where the majority of people are eu shills who think that national sovereignty is stupid . 
  ** edit : ** no counter-arguments . 
  just downvotes . 
  r-r-regulation ? 
  mind your own business , authoritarian scum !, 
  i thought you wanted a world without authoritarian busy bodies ? 
  `` ca n't tell nobody what they can put in their bodies !, 
  '' , right ? 
  the neverending tu quoque .
