  it 's * the * pothead '' '' `` argument '' '' '' . 
  ( and no , it does n't ), 
  yes , yes . 
  i 'm sure you ca n't wait to live in a libertarian paradise . 
  then you 'll finally be free from the authoritarian shackles that stopped kids like you from enjoying yourselves in maggot-infested opium dens . 
  but until that glorious day arrives , you 'll have to deal with those annoying adults and their totally uncool sense of responsibility . 
  they stink , endanger me , impose risks/costs on society , ruin our culture and undermine democracy by becoming even dumber . 
  all of those things affect me and no amount of tu quoque nonsense will change that . 
  then go live in an irradiated clan based wasteland . 
  * structural and functional imaging studies in chronic cannabis users : a systematic review of adolescent and adult findings * . 
  plos one . 
  doi :10.1371 / journal.pone .0055821 . 
  * long-term effects of marijuana use on the brain * . 
  proc natl acad sci u s a. 
  2014 ; 111 ( 47 ) :16913 -16918 . doi :10.1073 / pnas .1415297111 . 
  * persistent cannabis users show neuropsychological decline from childhood to midlife * . 
  proc natl acad sci u s a. 
  2012 ; 109 ( 40 ) : e2657-e2664 . 
  doi :10.1073 / pnas .1206820109 . 
  * association between lifetime marijuana use and cognitive function in middle age : the coronary artery risk development in young adults ( cardia ) study * . 
  february 2016 . doi :10.1001 / jamainternmed .2015.7841 . 
   so in the decades that they have done so would you consider them degenerate sloths ? 
  yes . 
  you would fit right in . 
   are the dumber [ sic ] yes . 
  well repeated , parrot . 
  why not move to america ? 
  there you can keep repeating the same old tu quoque arguments that have been used in favor of potheads for centuries . 
  you 'll be in good company . 
  cannabis is not part of my country 's culture , it stinks , people who use it become degenearte sloths , it makes them paranoid and adds to the risks society has to endure . 
  not to mention that it makes people literally dumber . 
  potheads perform worse at cognitive tests and are more likely to drop out of school . 
  the populace is dumb enough already . 
  instead of turning the entire world into the us , why do n't you just move to the us ? 
  you want potheads as your neighbors , i do n't . 
  but i can already tell that you and your ilk will not be satisfied until the entire planet is just as degenerate as the us . 
  it 's the truth though . 
  that 's rich coming from somebody who 's on `` team chaos & anarchy '' . 
  i have no idea why we 're even talking about this . 
  eu = / = europe . 
  these two things should not be conflated . 
  somebody who is against the eu , i.e. 
  not pro-eu , can still be fond of europe . 
  that 's all i wanted to say . 
  at least then * somebody * would take responsibility . 
  americans are irresponsible , immoral and reckless . 
  `` pro '' is a prefix indicating favor . 
  there 's nothing more concrete to say about this . 
   does it mean that whoever is pro-europe wants european countries to prosper and not the whole world to prosper ? 
  these two things are not mutually exclusive . 
  so the answer is , both . 
  somebody can be pro-european and anti-rest-of-the world , or somebody can be pro-european and pro-rest-of the world . 
  warmongering , exploitative , ecocidal , terror-spreading , immoral bullies are ** not ** my friends and never will be , especially when the only argument in their favor is that they 're willing to pay for your compliance with ill-gotten loot . 
  yes , you put boots on the very same ground that was soaked with the blood of russian heroes who liberated my country from an oppressive tyranny and to this very day act as if you did it yourself . 
  you did so because it was in your own geopolitical interest . 
  nobody benifitted more from ww2 than the us . 
   you just think everything is evil nope . 
   we emasculated you the soviet union defeated nazi germany and i am not , nor ever was , a citizen of nazi germany . 
  i 'm a citizen of the brd , a country of cowards who do not require to be further emasculated . 
   you think any level of geopolitical power is evil . 
  no i do n't . 
  just another strawman . 
   i 'm thankful most of your population 's iq is higher than yours . 
  and you end your pointless comment with a petty insult . 
  soviet union  us degeneracy . 
  war  us degeneracy . 
  so even if your baseless fearmongering had any validity to it , it 's not effective because you present me alternatives that are still preferrable to the status quo . 
  furthermore , the `` trade '' you speak of is exploitative neoliberalism . 
  the `` laws '' you speak of are laws the us itself does not keep ( it 's the biggest violator of international law on this planet ) . 
  and the `` defense '' you speak of is aggressive , i.e. 
  nato bullying . 
  it could mean different things . 
  for example , it could mean that you want the countries of europe and its inhabitants to prosper . 
  the biggest terrorist organization in the world , aka the us , is already creating lots of nasty regional conflicts . 
  oh , and it was the us that brought the bane of nuclear weapons into this world . 
  in any event , everything is better than us degeneracy , including war . 
  you sound like a well-trained slave btw . 
  a modern day uncle tom . 
  yep . 
  cancer of the mind is spreading . 
  in any event , ww3  not opposing the us . 
  `` threatining the entire world with nuclear devastation is a good thing because ... money . '', 
  the cancer of the mind is spreading . 
  it 's all just convention . 
  in some places , people run around virtually naked . 
  in other places , they paint themselves or modify their bodies with piercings . 
  in other places , they cover certain parts of themselves . 
  and yet , here you are pretending that we are just being `` decent '' for covering certain parts , whereas others are `` oppressive '' for covering certain parts . 
  that 's what you 're already doing . 
  i have to cover my junk in public though . 
  oh the horror !, 
  iran 's treatment of women is clearly tied to us interventionism . 
  in any event , wearing a headscarf in public is not a big deal . 
  it 's just a dress code . 
  all countries have dress codes . 
  i 'm left-wing though . 
  good luck next time . 
  i hazard the guess you mean `` pro-eu '' . 
  being pro-eu and being pro-europe are two separate things . 
  and now i kinda want her to win .
