  damn , why ca n't there be anti-eu and anti-nato candidates who are n't bashing foreigners ? 
  there is n't a group of machiavellian agents of guile and subterfuge who took the american people hostage and imposed an immoral culture on them . 
  americans created that culture . 
  they themselves are the root of that immoral culture ever since the dregs of europe invaded that continent and stole the natives ' land . 
  no conspiracy theory is needed to explain this . 
  furthermore , your undertanding of freedom is yet another indication that the american cancer is spreading . 
  every freedom implies restriction . 
  freedom for a always implies a restriction of or imposition on b. 
  france has done a good job for several years . 
  any attempt to explain to an american why he and his country are revoltingly evil is futile . 
  it 's akin to explaining the concept of colors to an olm . 
  my guess is that russia would become the main power broker in eastern europe and the middle east . 
  china could expand its influence in asia and parts of africa . 
  the eu would keep talking about creating a new military presence but hopefully eu citizens wo n't let this happen . 
  in any event , nothing could be worse than us degeneracy . 
  i sincerely hope that there is a hell for you to go to . 
  data of individual months is n't too helpful because there are big ups and downs . 
  we need to make sure that there 's an average inflation rate of 1.9 . 
  in 2016 , the average inflation rate was 0.5 % . 
  unlike a certain group of people , i do n't arrogate to myself the right to impose laws on other sovereign states , let alone instigate revolutions . 
  what laws people in syria are subject to is up to people in syria . 
  when a seemingly unjust law is implemented , each citizen must decide as best he can whether the depth of the injustice is such that it calls for civil disobedience . 
  surely there are many unlucky devils who find themselves in situations where the political sociology is such that this is not a viable option for them . 
  certain social groups may reasonably conclude that there is no chance of successful resistance because a permanent majority , or majority coalition , deliberately set out to discriminate against them . 
  if circumstances are such , the unlucky devil can choose between martyrdom , submission and elopement . 
  that problem , however , should and mostly does end at the border . 
  it 's the americans who create problems that go beyond national borders . 
  if germany keeps staying beneath the agreed upon inflation target , whereas other european countries hit it or are above it , then a common currency can not work long-term . 
  at some point , other countries will not be able to pay for their imports at which point germany wo n't be able to sell its products in the eu anymore . 
  there are only two possibilities : either everybody hits the inflation target , or countries get their individual currencies back which they can then devalue and upvalue . 
  lumping together all societies in the middle east may distort our understanding . 
  there are nuances and subtleties that need to be considered . 
  iran , for example , used to be drasticially different prior to the us-backed coup that overthrew the democratically elected iranian government . 
  saddam hussein 's iraq was first heavily supported and later completely destroyed by the us . 
  libya had the lowest infant mortality rate of all of africa ; the highest life expectancy of all of africa ; less than 5 % of the population was undernourished . 
  libya had the highest human development index of any country on the continent , and the highest gdp at purchasing power parity per capita of all of africa . 
  the libyan government provided free health care to its citizens . 
  then the us completely decimated and devastated the country and turned it into a nightmarish hell-hole akin to the world of mad max . 
  before the civil war that was instigated by us-funded extremists , syria was a peaceful secular state . 
  in any event , it 's not the middle east that is currently in the process of destroying every pristine part of nature on the planet and diluting all of humanity 's cultures with deplorable degeneracy . 
  that 's the us . 
  if you sell more than you buy , then somebody else has to incur debts . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  it 's impossible for everybody to have a surplus . 
  the money to pay for new products and services must come from somewhere , i.e. 
  it must be borrowed . 
  if germany truly wants greece , italy etc. 
  to decrease their debts , then germany should enforce higher wages for german workers and hit the agreed upon inflation goal . 
  having a shared currency only works when everybody adjusts their unit labour costs to their productivity . 
  if member states do n't do that , then the shared currency destroys interior markets . 
   liberal world order so that 's what all the american warmongering and economic exploitation is called ? 
  i hope it really does come to an end . 
  that would certainly improve everybody 's security , sans the extremists and exploiters who the us supported . 
  must be nice to believe that headscarfs are the epitome of what 's wrong in the world today . 
   i really wish people would see that unified europe is for everyone 's best interest . 
  i really wish people would stop projecting their own interests onto others . 
  just somebody who believes that morality requires us to oppose evil . 
  greedy opportunism , reckless consumerism and degenerate globalism define the so-called `` west '' today . 
  the values of rousseau and kant have been betrayed a long time ago . 
  this is especially true for the eu which is in bondage to america and keeps immitating its immoral behavior . 
  and you forgot to explain why one dress code is so much worse than the other . 
  in * every * society , people are both free and unfree . 
  that 's unavoidable because every freedom implies restriction . 
  the point of freedom , after all , is to restrain the actions of others so as to give a person a specific realm of action . 
  if i have the freedom to privately own x , then this restricts all others to use or consume x without my consent . 
  therefore , saying that one society is more free than another is inherently false . 
  societies can have different freedoms , but they can not be more or less free . 
  with regard to equality , western nations are the worst . 
  in western nations , most notably the us , are the biggest chasms of inequality . 
  the difference in power and wealth between individual people is nowhere else on this planet more pronounced than in the strongholds of neoliberalism . 
  `` western values '' has become the soapbox orator 's rosary . 
  these days , the expression is almost as hollow as `` muh freedoms ! '', 
  greedy opportunism , reckless consumerism and degenerate globalism define the so-called `` west '' today . 
  the values of rousseau and kant have been betrayed a long time ago . 
  frankly , no civilized country should have diplomatic relations with the us . 
  we should be at war with them . 
  selling them weapons ? 
  that 's fine . 
  putting on a scarf ? 
  that 's shameful !, 
  bombing innocent people , enslaving them , stealing resources and destroying ecosystems around the world clearly makes the west more civilized . 
  in comparison , a headscarf is just barbaric !, 
  i 'm really tired of hearing that buzzword . 
  `` western values '' has become the soapbox orator 's rosary . 
  these days , it 's almost as hollow as `` muh freedoms ! '', 
  last time i checked , european countries have dress codes as well . 
  respecting other cultures is now `` shameful '' . 
  we absolutely can not respect other countries having a different dress code !, 
  wearing something on your head is akin to slavery !, 
  but it 's ok that we have laws that make people cover their dicks and vags in public . 
   there 's legitimate , reasonable criticisms of the eu yes , such as the complaint that the eu undermines national sovereignty and democracy . 
  a sad day . 
  your countrymen are more culturally compatible with degenerates ? 
  are you cockroaches ? 
  so because of recent events in romania , everybody who complains about the eu is corrupt ? 
  ever heard of `` guilt by association '' ? 
  and what 's wrong with non-eu citizens exactly ? 
  i wish there was a popular anti-eu party that did n't bash foreigners but i 'll take what i can get . 
  if this party manages to break the eu apart , i 'll be satisfied . 
  thank goodness that this is most likely inaccurate .
