  merkel will stay in power and schulz can go jump in a lake . 
  so instead of addressing the actual complaints people have , you dismiss them because all of them must be corrupt cleptocrats , including average workers like me ? 
  ** the criticism is not about the ecnonmy !, 
  ** when will you pro-eu guys learn that it 's not always about money ? 
  the eu is bad because it undermines democracy and national sovereignty . 
  usa should always be at 0 %, 
  luckily , schulz does n't stand a chance . 
  he can only hope for the position of vice chancellor . 
  we have n't forgotten what the spd did to us . 
  nor are we naive enough to buy his `` look into my eyes and believe me '' bullshit . 
  giving more power to international corporations and undermining the bargaining power of local workers is `` typical social democratic '' ? 
  i 'm not interested in a semantic dispute . 
  if we define `` social democratic '' this way , then i do n't want social democratic policies . 
  however , in that case , spd rhetoric is n't social democratic either . 
  if you think that neoliberal policies are good , then vote for the fdp . 
  if economic growth is all you 're concerned about , then vote fdp . 
  at least they 're honest about their priorities . 
  spd pretends to care about justice and rawlsian values . 
  they 're lying . 
  why vote for liars instead of honest people who essentially do the same thing ? 
  i 'm still undecided . 
  either cdu or tierschutzpartei . 
  i would vote for the cdu immediately if they denounced the fdp . 
  but as long as an fdp coalition is likely , i hesitate to vote for them . 
  i do n't like die linke because of certain policy proposals , but i find that portrayel to be unfair . 
  all political parties seek power and die linke is no exception . 
  however , they are n't willing to concede their core tenets in order to get a coalition partner . 
  that 's something commendable imo . 
  by the way , it 's rare to speak to somebody who lives in vatican city . 
  i like pope francis . 
  did you ever see him in person ? 
   he 's a classic european post-ww2 social democrat . 
  that 's only what he publicly pretends to be , like all members of the spd . 
  do n't listen to what he is saying but look at his actions , such as his support of ceta . 
  spd = neoliberal party of traitors . 
  whoever votes for them either agrees with their true agenda that is diametrically opposed to their rhetoric , or is very naive . 
  evidence such as `` because i said ` no ' '' ? 
   unrelated grievances it 's hardly unrelated . 
  i felt the need to respond because i saw a member of the world 's biggest terrorist organization claim that he was defending europe . 
  i just had to point out how ridiculous that notion is . 
  the us is the biggest promoter and spreader of terror . 
  america doesnt want to squash terror , it wants reasons to justify endless military engagement . 
  the us promotes extremism , spreads weapons , then goes and `` solves '' the problem it created . 
   if you have no problems with russia , why am i paying taxes to provide for your defense ? 
  you do n't . 
  you pay taxes to threaten the rest of the world and to exploit it . 
  the only thing your military is protecting are the interests of your corporate overlords . 
   no , the us did not `` lure the soviet union '' into afghanistan . 
  the idea that the us had that power is just paranoia . 
  brzezinski , carter 's national security adviser at the time , admits it : `` yes . 
  according to the official version of history , cia aid to the mujahadeen began during 1980 , that is to say , after the soviet army invaded afghanistan , 24 dec 1979 . 
  but the reality , secretly guarded until now , is completely otherwise : indeed , it was july 3 , 1979 that president carter signed the first directive for secret aid to the opponents of the pro-soviet regime in kabul . 
  and that very day , i wrote a note to the president in which i explained to him that in my opinion this aid was going to induce a soviet military intervention . '', 
   no , we did not create the taliban . 
  yes you did . 
  the cia created the taliban . 
   no , we did not create isis . 
  yes you did , both implicitly by destablizing the region and explicitly by supporting extremists who later became isis . 
   no , hussein was not put in power by the us . 
  us intelligence helped saddam 's party to seize power in 1963 . 
  in the 1980s , the us backed saddam in the war against iran , giving iraq arms , money , satellite intelligence , and even chemical & bio-weapon precursors . 
  it 's always mind boggling how delusional americans are . 
  in the american maniaworld , the earth is 6000 years old , climate change is a lie , and us foreign policy is always right even when it oscillates between mutually exclusive opposites every few years ( viz . 
  the treatment of saddam ) . 
   problems with russia i have no problems with russia . 
   the second is the result of european colonialism in the middle east . 
  only if you want to call the us `` the result of european colonialism '' . 
  you disgusting warmongers are responsible for the current horror in that region . 
  you lured the soviet union into afghanistan . 
  you created the taliban . 
  you overthrew the democratically elected government of iran . 
  you created isis . 
  you put saddam hussein into power and later destablized the country by invading ( thus violating international law ) . 
  you supported bin laden and you created isis . 
  you murder innocent people dileberately in that country , thus make the people there understandibly hate the west . 
  you 're vermin . 
  and ? 
  why exactly should i care about your anecdote ? 
  were n't we talking about european defense ? 
   americans are n't our enemy . 
  they most certainly are my enemy and the enemy of every decent human being . 
  you were always the enemy . 
  lol the nsa is the biggest offender when it comes to hacking . 
  defense from what ? 
  the extremists you deliberately created ? 
  so far , he did n't do anything worse than all your previous presidents . 
  and your leaders do n't magically appear out of thin air and then take the country hostage . 
  they are the product of an immoral culture which in turn is the product of an immoral populace . 
  could n't agree more . 
  so countries like iceland or japan are not sovereign but are instead controlled by the us , russia and china ? 
  did n't know that . 
  apparently it 's inconceivable that there could be a society of people on this planet that decides for itself how it wants to live . 
  nope . 
  everybody * must * be part of globalism and everybody * must * be controlled by a large , transnational institution , preferrably one whose authority is n't even justified . 
  everything else is `` mythcial '' . 
  putin is a great leader . 
  too bad my country is n't governed by a man like him . 
  i wish this was true . 
  it 's nonsensical to claim that islamic culture threatens to replace european cultures if it is barely tolerated here , while american degeneracy has infiltrated virtually every aspect of european cultures , ranging from music to political agendas . 
  that 's the point i am making .
