  i live in berlin and it is a big start up city , but there is little innovation here and it is totally void of fiber internet . 
  i do n't think any place in germany has fiber and many places in berlin do not even have cable or dsl internet access . 
  people just copy what is popular in the us and germanize it . 
  people here are happy to make their million , but there is little drive to make that billion euro company . 
  it says two women were harassed in the focus article . 
  that is only underreporting by about 90,000 % since 1,900 seems to be the actual reported number . 
  no , he is just swedish . 
  `` pilot program '' in english is the word you are looking for . 
  it 's like a small group of people you test a program with . 
  do n't most people use gas/radiator heat in estonia ? 
  i do n't really know anyone with american style central air heating which heats the whole home to the same temperature with electricity . 
  as crazy as it sounds , i know plenty of buildings in berlin that still use coal to heat the radiators . 
  i know the writer is trying to pull at people 's heart strings by using an american born musical therapist for refugees , but if you are making # 17,000 a year by playing flute , i do n't know how you are legally surviving in london . 
  i am sure she will try to put sanctions on macedonia and serbia for closing it 's borders before she admits her policy is a failure . 
  your telekom mobile prices are 1/3 the prices of germany for the exact same plan and speed . 
  i cry a little bit every time i take the train to warsaw and see the advertisements all over the train . 
  i am going by averages . 
  1,200,000 people came into germany last year . 
  we are expecting the same if not a lot more this year . 
  ever major non-german news source has said more refugees and illegal migrants have come to europe in the first six weeks of 2016 than in the first six months of 2015 . 
  over 3200 new refugees and illegal migrants arrive in germany daily . 
  it 's like losing a 100 $ note and being happy about finding 50 cents . 
  a large factor is inflation . 
  the truth is that the poverty rate and unemployment rate is skyrocketing in western europe . 
  take belgium for example ... http://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?v=69&amp;c=be&amp;l=en http://www.theodora.com/wfbcurrent/belgium/belgium_economy.html, 
  look at the population growth in ethiopia . 
  they went from 75 million people to 100 million in the last decade . 
  that is probably more than the native population growth of western europe combined . 
  you have to be very careful to know the difference between mean average and median average . 
  the rich are getting richer and the poor , poorer . 
  the mean average gdp in ukraine is about 8000 $ , but the median average gdp is about 2500 $ . 
  in very poor countries , you will have a few very wealthy people offsetting the mean gdp . 
  say i have 10 friends in ukraine . 
  9 make the normal wage of 200 $ per month ( what most of my friends there actually make ) and one makes 5000 $ / month . 
  the median average would be 200 $ , but the mean average is 680 $ . 
  while saying the average is 680 $ looks good on paper , the reality is very different . 
  without the us , poland would be under the influence of russia and you 'd have the same economy as ukraine . 
  just about everything poland has today is because of the us and the result of them stabilizing germany economically and politically . 
  they are n't perfect , but at least all polish students do n't have to learn russian anymore . 
  americans love greece . 
  they have gyros instead of kebabs & my big fat greek wedding . 
  i am pretty sure the average american would think serbia is that cold place in russia and bulgaria is a jewelry company . 
  reddit seems to hate on everyone except for finland and estonia lately . 
  paying terrorists a random . 
  so , they can buy more guns to kidnap more people is a very bad game to start playing . 
  do serbians really think a group with isis ties was going to let these people go ? 
  it 's a tragic end , but the bombing was at least a quick death and much better than having your death put online . 
  this . 
  i live in germany and so many people say we need more immigrants to support the older generation , but this is basically a ponzi scheme because eventually we will need more immigrants to support the immigrants of this decade . 
  female education is usually the # 1 reason for population decline . 
  also , people are living longer and this is the main reason why the average age is much older than it was 50 years ago . 
  that and lack of war . 
  not blaming the victims at all , but are they saying anything when this happens ? 
  there would be some serious drama at my pool if a woman screamed that a man groped her . 
  maybe that is true for saxony , but berlin is a much different story . 
  i took this photo last night . 
  this is becoming daily news in europe . 
  syria 's gdp , with a population of 20 million , was 37 billion euros per year before the start of their civil war . 
  crazy to think germany will spend 50b in less than two years . 
  so , basically they are the halliburton of the refugee crisis . 
  same in germany . 
  i work as a photojournalist and there are people in the office around the clock . 
  did anyone in germany see fireworks and new years celebration photos on january 1st in their newspaper or their website ? 
  ok , then people were working on new years eve and on new years day . 
  just a side note , i do n't think german media is trying to protect refugees . 
  i do however they are trying to protect the german image to the rest of the world and are not always reporting all the facts about the negatives of the 2015 refugee crisis . 
  my wiki says 626,305 ( 2015 ) for helsinki and 583,348 ( 2015 ) for cph . 
  what is going on ? 
  haha, 
  that 's because we live in germany . 
  i do n't think people realise how violent america is in most of their major cities . 
  germany has a population of ~ 82 million and had 622 murders in 2011 . 
  detroit , usa has a population of 600k and had 344 murders in 2011 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_germany http://www.city-data.com/city/detroit-michigan.html#crime, 
  they think you hate them for being communist because you hate russia so much . 
  probably just russian propaganda . 
  i will say that most chinese do not think this . 
  it is just showing up high on the search results because it is on the baidu forum . 
  most chinese love classic music and just think of poland as the land of chopin . 
  this was even a worse case . 
  students were called guilty by all the national press before it even went to trial . 
  the woman that claimed the false rape ended up stabbing her boyfriend to death a few years later . 
  we have been buying iranian , saudi , syrian , and iraqi oil for decades . 
  those countries have been supporting terrorism and starting wars with our money for decades . 
  the fb link says marko hre\u0161\u010dan photography and was taken at vidikovac sljeme . 
  i thought only lviv was catholic . 
  even kyiv celebrates christmas on the 7th . 
  so , i do n't think this would be too popular with people or businesses as many people have new years to orthodox christmas off . 
  surprisingly halloween is really popular in kyiv . 
  if anything , i can see putin spinning this and blaming the economy not on oil prices , but on how the eu is trying to destroy russia . 
  george w bush had 90 % approval rating after 9/11 as the country agreed to start two wars . 
  citizens like to support their leaders when their backs are against the wall so to speak . 
  i took a train from manchester to london this year . 
  everyone had reserved seats and people were still queued for 15 minutes before the train arrived just to get on the train as fast as possible . 
  i do n't understand . 
  i was expecting someone to use a word like freundschaftsbezeigungen and take up two scrabble boards for 300 points . 
  can any bosnian comment on why neum is not a sea port ? 
  cost or is the water too shallow ? 
  i always thought bosnia 's economy would be much better if they did not have to import most things through croatia and had their own sea port . 
  well , most syrians are coming from turkey before they enter the eu . 
  so , they are basically saying 1 in 6 to 7 women entering the eu are already pregnant , will have their child in the eu , and will most likely get refugee status because no government wants to be in the news for deporting a mother of a 3 month old .
