  you do n't like having six sim cards ? 
  the truth is probably more upsetting . 
  the migrants in calais do n't want to live in france . 
  they only want to go to the uk . 
  so , the french politicians do nothing because it would be political suicide to remove these people . 
  we had some illegal migrants take over an unused school building in berlin last year . 
  you would think that removing illegal immigrants from living in a school would be common sense , but when the police came to remove them after they were there for a month , there were locals blocking the police . 
  after a couple days , there were thousands of germans protesting the police to let the migrants stay in the school . 
  the final solution was to turn part of the school into free apartments for the illegals . 
  make clouds to block out the sun . 
  he did n't make the clock . 
  he bought a clock and took it apart and put it in a separate metal box . 
  he then tried to troll four teachers , but it failed . 
  apparently , it worked on the teacher in his fifth class . 
  his sister was also suspended from school for making a bomb threat . 
  his family is currently suing the school district for 15,000,000 usd for emotional damage due to the arrest before the whole clock incident . 
  the family also moved to qatar after the incident , but i think they are trying to move back to texas now . 
  i happened to be in the us when the news of the lawsuit was announced last month and it was all over the news . 
  vice left out the fact that he owns a popular gym in walthamstow london which has been in the news lately because of isis supporters . 
  maybe one of the people the us is tracking goes to his gym or his mosque . 
  maybe the us found it weird that 2 men with 9 children were traveling without their wives and there is more to that story . 
  much like my comment , the whole article is speculation since the us did not give an explanation . 
  this reminds me of the whole muslim boy with the clock situation in texas a few months ago . 
  the pc police went crazy , the boy was showered with fame , money , gifts and then it was revealed it was all a hoax . 
  keep the pitchforks down until we get the whole story . 
  this was expected since their economy is mostly oil based . 
  it 's a shame though as the wealthy have pooled their money into usd/euros and the average people suffer the most during a currency collapse as we have seen in ukraine . 
  you seem to forget they have bought hundreds of fighter jets from german , spain , france , italy , and the uk too . 
  we have been trading oil for weapons for decades . 
  i wonder what percentage of people willing to accept a refugee would be willing to accept a homeless person from their own town or city . 
  i live in berlin and we have about 4,000 homeless germans here . 
  meanwhile germany lets in everyone from iraq , afghanistan , pakistan , iran , syria , & sudan without a passport into the eu . 
  awesome foreign policy . 
  if 97,5 % rejected sunny portugal , i am sure it is higher for romania . 
  this is in reference to portugal opening up 2000 spaces for refugees and only finding 50 willing people to migrate last month . 
  unless you are china . 
  it 's a very creepy feeling opening an image and it 's a photo of where you are standing . 
  it 's a tiny number of muslims committing the terror , but a much larger percentage of muslims agree with the ideas of sharia law or even isis . 
  there was a very large and very credible poll where 13 % of syrian refugees said they supported the views of isis ( see page 19 ) . 
  the dohain institute is an arab muslim research group from qatar . 
  i do n't think anyone read the article . 
  it 's just a click bait title . 
  they are n't planning on selling their home . 
  they are talking about selling an investment flat they have . 
  london has huge taxes for landlords to keep people from buying flats for the purpose of renting out . 
  they are struggling to see this rental property as a good investment and rather invest in a private education for their daughters . 
  plus , london has some insane property tax rates ( 4.1 % ) . 
  this couple is actually spending the same money in taxes on just their home as their mortgage ( ~ 3500 $ for both ) . 
  really surprised by luxembourg . 
  the average gdp is about 100.000 $ , but they are still at 26.4 % . 
  is that through the terminal window ? 
  pretty sweet shot . 
  they are very left for things such as women & gay rights , business opportunity , and education . 
  israel must be extreme with border control or the country will cease to exist . 
  i posted the info below and yes , it is a lot of money . 
  sweden is generous . 
  sweden 's budget is ~ 100 billion euros . 
  foreign development aid ( fda ) is 4 % of the budget ( http://www.oecd.org/dac/sweden.htm ) and sweden has stated that it will spend 6.4 % of it 's gdp next year on the migrant crisis , but some of that money will come out of the fda budget . 
  then you need to count up the cost of migrants that are currently in the swedish welfare system . 
  i do n't know this number and that 's why i gave it a 0-2 % budget number . 
  this article is a good read . 
  it 's talking about how sweden will be using fda funds to pay for refugees in sweden . 
  the fda funds things like schools and clean water in developing countries and allowing in 190,000 refugees in sweden will take away money that could cost millions of lives in developing countries . 
  that 's in kronor . 
  so , about 1.18 billion more euros per year . 
  crazy to think that sweden will spend 8-10 % of it 's annual budget on refugees , migrants , and foreign development aid in 2016 . 
  you 've been watching homeland ( us tv show ) . 
  i think this is less about ukraine and more of a power move by germany who wants to control more and more of europe 's oil and gas . 
  have you seen what the average english girl looks like ? 
  the east has seen the problems illegal immigration has brought in the west . 
  i do n't think they are more racist . 
  they just do not want to have the same results . 
  there is a proper way to have immigration and this is not the right way . 
  the major issue i have is when will europe stop being `` racist '' according to the international press ? 
  germany is expected to let in 1.000.000 muslim refugees this year . 
  what is a good non-racist number ? 
  2.000.000 a year ? 
  5 million ? 
  germany could let in 10.000.000 refugees in a year and everyone knows the minute germany closes its border , you will see all the headlines in the newspapers talking about how the neo-nazis have won because germany must close its borders . 
  this is an impossible to win public relations battle where we are being punished the more we help . 
  except when you look at our crime and poverty rates . 
  i went to high school in philadelphia , but now live in berlin . 
  berlin is one of the more dangerous cities in germany and the violent crime rate is ~ 2000 % lower than philadelphia which is the birthplace of america . 
  ... and the video is from 1996 . 
  your title is a bit odd in english . 
  it makes it sound as greece is at fault , but these were ship wrecks and greece is doing everything it can to save everyone . 
  a big problem is inflation . 
  it used to be $ 1 = 8uah two years ago , but now it is $ 1 = 23.7 uah . 
  it is getting worse too because everyone is scared to hold onto hryvnias . 
  the market for us dollars is so strong in ukraine because of the anticipation of inflation . 
  i 'm in kiev now and the city is bustling . 
  many new high rise apartments are being built , lots of foreign investment , but most of ukraine is pretty glum . 
  seeing life in the middle of ukraine when i took the bus from odessa to kiev was pretty depressing . 
  they are just upgrading ram , video cards , and hard drives . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd call that manufacturing , but duly noted . 
  blame ireland , not american companies . 
  ireland sold out eu tax laws and revenue to gain most jobs . 
  you ca n't blame a company for doing exactly what the irish law intended . 
  there is a big difference between sales and manufacturing . 
  to the best of my knowledge apple does not manufacture anything in europe .
