the reason behind the threat according to many us economists is that the us government is hoping to close some tax legislative loopholes in the near future . 
  this will force global american companies to pay their taxes to the us . 
  the us will not expect them to pay the full amount due , but a 10 % one time fee/fine on the approximately 2 trillion usd in taxes they have been avoiding the last decade by playing the whole irish , dutch , and island hopping game . 
  the fashion standard is 8x . 
  if it sells for 20 $ , it costs 2.50 $ to make , ship , and package from factory to store . 
  this . 
  everyone screams bloody murder when apple does n't pay enough tax , but the largest clothing company in the world uses 14hr work days of child labor and it 's just smug replies . 
  i 'm near novokuznetskaya station and walked all around city center today and there was no flooding , just some serious puddles . 
  i think it rained for about 15 + hours straight . 
  when you see a bear , you do n't have to outrun him . 
  you only have to outrun your friend . 
  tl ; dr the eu commission knew vw was cheating on emissions and making billions from it . 
  scientists did n't understand why pollution rates were not going down in cities after strict auto emission laws . 
  vw was caught by the us government . 
  vw said sorry to the eu and all is forgiven in the name of saving german jobs . 
  you can divide ukraine . 
  i would be scared to go to the eastern war zone , but i feel much safer in kyiv than i do in berlin . 
  turkey is a large country . 
  i would guess the distance from latvia to donetsk and istanbul to the south-eastern border are similar . 
  i thought wales defeating belgium was a bigger upset , but everyone ( except the welsh ) forgot about that after a few days . 
  that 's pretty insane . 
  i live on one of the more popular streets in berlin and the fastest internet i can get to my apartment is 50mb/10 up for 35 $ a month . 
  i 'm from la and getting my la salary in berlin which is nice , but my co-worker is in bangkok getting his la salary and is basically living the life of a king . 
  i imagine you are doing about the same . 
  american university parties often have beer kegs instead of bottles . 
  then you pay $ 3-5 for a `` red solo cup '' to drink unlimited beer for the night . 
  these cups are also used for `` beer pong '' . 
  http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/articles/business/adreportcard/111007_brandbox_americanpie.jpg.crop.rectangle3-large.jpg ( american pie movie ), 
  as an american living in germany , i quickly realized most germans do n't like the us , but oddly they want to absorb as much of american culture as possible . 
  the other thing i learned was that germany thinks they created their great economy 99 % on their own . 
  do n't worry , all the internationals moving to dublin will be able to afford the higher rents . 
  only the local irish population will have to move out of their own capital . 
  the banner is there for me and all the links/pages work ... http://imgur.com/otybley, 
  you talking about football or into nordic ? 
  i 'm expecting at least 10 % of iceland to be in paris on sunday . 
  the uk was the 2nd largest economy in europe last week . 
  if it goes into recession , much of europe will follow suit . 
  bnp paribas , france 's largest bank , is down 25 % in the last three days for a reason . 
  deutsche bank & santander stock have fallen 20 % the last three days . 
  the eu vultures are out in full force thinking they are going to gain london 's riches , but do n't realize their house is burning down too . 
  the article 's main opportunity is that the us will abandon the uk because it is no longer an entry point to the eu . 
  this will never happen . 
  there is too much common culture , history , and language for the us to ignore the uk . 
  if anything , this will make it much easier for them to work together as jobs wo n't have to be offered to the whole of the eu before an american can work in the uk . 
  to get more clicks to their website . 
  if the uk would have voted remain , you know the headline would be ' i really regret my vote now ' : the brexit voters who wish they 'd voted to leave '' . 
  you 're reading the chart backwards . 
  people are also ignoring the fact that the euro dropped today too . 
  the real winner of brexit so far is the usd . 
  that 's what commercials are supposed to be . 
  you should start a czechia is central europe campaign . 
  yah , i think people always assume one side is good and one side is bad . 
  i wish the media would just say two bad groups are fighting each other for land and oil money . 
  i do n't know much about the article 's topic , but that whole region is filled with people with multiple passports . 
  i know people from transnistria often have transnistiran ( novelty item ) , moldovan and then either russian or ukrainian passports . 
  sometimes both and if they can pass the romanian language test , they can get a romanian passport just for having a moldovan one . 
  `` us embassy demands work visa for icelandic musician working in usa '' wo n't get that many clicks . 
  i do n't know the real reason as the us embassy never makes public statements . 
  just giving a simple explanation based on my experience working for a major music label . 
  you need a work visa to tour as a band in the usa . 
  same goes for americans touring in the uk or the eu . 
  i even know one american photographer that went to the uk to photograph a wedding of an american couple and was denied entry . 
  as a big fan of tesla , i would be happy to see it go to portugal . 
  i was at an event last month in berlin in which elon musk attended . 
  he is dangling the idea of a gigafactory in germany , but i think it would be a bad idea since tesla would always be fighting against the big 3 where portugal would most likely fully embrace tesla . 
  i wonder how many kgs were dropped off in hamburg . 
  i just photographed a redhead book . 
  netherlands and russia is the place to be . 
  turkey has a strong air force and would easily crush greece and bulgaria if we are talking about a full on total-war . 
  the retaliation would be the bombing of turkey into dust by the us and france though . 
  i honestly do n't remember ever meeting someone that could speak english in a cafe or restaurant . 
  this was the big movie two years ago . 
  so , anything is possible . 
  in norway you can even check every citizen 's salary . 
  on a calm day https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/03/breizh-176.jpg/1200px-breizh-176.jpg, 
  they are the 3rd largest economy by country ... 
  we are not one country though . 
  we are a trading group and that is how the world looks at us . 
  we never say of there is a massive eu debt crisis . 
  we just point the finger at spain , greece and italy . 
  we could n't even agree on securing our borders which helped the uk vote to leave the eu which guarantees we will never be the top economic power . 
  a lot of artists have moved there because berlin rents are too expensive and berlin is becoming too capitalist to them with the large influx of international companies and workers . 
  this is happening in the major cities as english is becoming more common in the workplace and will become much worse after brexit . 
  rents in berlin are up over 50 % in the last five years in the trendy neighborhoods . 
  it is also mostly people with one french parent getting an eu passport and not a british citizen turning french per say . 
  it fell ~ 25 % from 2013-2016 since 50 % of their exports are from oil . 
  norway has a lot of millionaires because of the oil funds , but the gdp of norway has plummeted lately along with the price of oil . 
  so , you need to list the date of this study . 
  your logic is why the eu is failing in tech . 
  it 's because we lack innovation and are too focused on copying american ideas into our own language to make quick millions instead of trying to make something global . 
  the pound surged back in afternoon trading ... to 1.181 $, 
  their skills would be cheap labour and there is already a large turkish population in germany that will welcome them . 
  you can easily survive in berlin for 600 $ per month . 
  california has a much higher cost of living than germany and has 2.4 million illegal mexicans . 
  so , i think there is a fallacy in the cost of living is a barrier to entry argument . 
  why do you think a poor turkish person ca n't afford 200 $ when a syrian can afford 3000 $ to be smuggled into europe ? 
  you do realise that millions of turkish citizens were not born in the 1960s-80s . 
  there is a new group of young people wanting to come to the eu every year from turkey , usa , etc. . 
  i should have specified 1gb fiber that is available in other major cities . 
  the problem is universal language and also the need for quick cash .
