  though i usally do n't like the definition for overweight as it usally includes people who look perfectly skinny . 
  but i digress . 
  jeez , no offense but i do n't believe you . 
  i only know 1 obese person out of hundreds , that just does t seem possible . 
  is n't it almost the same as uk , ireland , australia ? 
  but even if so what the other guy said was still wrong . 
  oh yeah it 's definitely a good depiction of the sterotype but what that guy said would be like a swede saying `` it 's sadly true , we all kill ourselves '' it 's just ignoring reality . 
  as someone from the u.s. . . no it 's not . 
  edit : believe your own biases but what the guy above said was beyond idiotic . 
  well , here 's a tip . 
  when your views align with the kkk and other white nationalist you might have shitty views ,, 
  it 's easy , just do n't be an uneducated bigot . 
  japan was already a first world country . 
  the middle east has , is , and always will be fucked . 
  conservatives are taking over europe . 
  there 's no reason to be found here my man . 
  russia bad is the only thing these guys believe . 
  there 's no need to get canada involved in this . 
  the ones in america live civilized , so maybe there is a power ? 
  maybe for a kid or something but i would hope an adult would have the intelligence to not think like that . 
   if you have a doctor that is giving advice , you expect them to follow that advice themselves . 
  no i do n't , lots of doctors smoke or are overweight , i do n't see why i should give a shit , it does n't make there advice any worse because they do n't personally follow it . 
  you mean like the mexican cartels in america ? 
  i would be more scared of america than russia . 
  than that should be what we should focus on , if you think reforming capitalism is hard creating a whole new system is borderline impossible . 
  i think capitalism pretty much has the world hostage at this point so there is no choice but to improve on it . 
  this is good and bad . 
  i 'm not saying it 's perfect but it has a great history and i is in general a good system that is rather fair . 
  i really ca n't think of a better possible system that could be realistically implemented . 
  i think instead of trying to fight capitalism we should improve it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's perfect but it has a great history and i is in general a good system that is rather fair . 
  i really ca n't think of a better possible system that could be realistically implemented . 
  i think instead of trying to fight capitalism we should improve it . 
  i really do n't want capitalism to be washed away . 
  literally nothing about his comment was bigoted . 
  the same reason people bungs jump i suppose . 
  i agree , a common debate in america is `` what if it gets worse ? '', 
  but i really do n't think it can . 
  less exceptionalism but more nationalism . 
  i think europeans have this different perception of what canadians are actually like . 
  imagine americans with a slightly different accent . 
  unless you 're basing that on the government than i stand aside . 
  they say dumb things but they would n't fuck the map up on purpose , that would literally accomplish nothing except ridicule . 
  yeah maybe not china , i 'd rather strengthen canada and mexico than have a strong north america . 
  i 'm not saying either are `` good '' but better them than europe . 
  there fine while they follow us but other than that i do n't trust them . 
  true but that 's mostly a failure depending on your politics . 
  not war exactly . 
  but imperialism , the desire to control other countrys . 
  america gets a lot of shit but as the global superpower at least we do n't annex other country 's . 
  i do n't think this would be the case for europe , most of the fucked up places in the world are because of their imperialism and i think the greatest thing that has happened because of american hegonmy is the containment of european powers , they 've already fucked up the world once and if let loose or be one powerful would do it again . 
  does n't almost every historian and scholar hold the u.s up as a sign that federalism can exist ? 
  what do you mean `` failed miserable '' we went from the small 13 colonies to the un-contested global superpower under federalism . 
  it was a massive success . 
  i 'm serious , we saw what happen when britain had power . 
  like i said things change , the only reason europe is n't continuing it 's imperialistic ways is because they lost power and america is very powerful . 
  i think if they were to overpower america they would return to their imperialistic ways , it 's in their blood . 
  i seriously fear europe becoming powerful more than i do russia or china . 
  if not ally with them we should at least strengthen north america . 
  yeah but you 're coming from the idea that eu will be an ally forever , if the eu became as country and became powerful they will challenge us and start getting ambitions which could cross our own , by joining with china we insure this does n't happen , i want europe to get powerful but i want it to be splintered so they are n't ever an actual threat . 
  ok well yeah i support joining a co-slit ion with china and other non euro nations if europe becomes too powerful . 
  who are you ? 
  have we talked ? 
  if it does i hope america teams up with china or something , i do n't like the idea of a country being more powerful than the u.s. ( am american ), 
  you remind me of redneck americans . 
  no , most americans do n't think like that . 
  i think most americans know where turkey is , if only because it 's named turkey . 
  but yeah there is an idea that turkey is like a 3rd world country . 
  maybe . 
  haha yeah `` how dare you not over generalize like us you retard '', 
  wow you guys really suck at colonizing . 
  if you think about it it 's kind of like the last peice to solidify the us as the new empire . 
  he hates that word . 
  you seem to have a better grasp of this than me , i 'll try to look into it more , you may have helped change my mind though i stick to my convictions that snowden a actions after leaking have tarnished his legacy . 
  i 'm kind of in the same boat with surveillance . 
  i even thought snowden was ok until he ran to russia . 
  and with greenwald milking the whole thing for money it 's become a shitshow . 
  either way i see what you 're saying but what do you want them to do ? 
  they have a insanely powerful and useful technology that puts them a step ahead of every other nation and you want them to discard it because it could be overused ? 
  ca n't that logic be applied to everything the government does ? 
  like nukes for example can end the world and our president has access to them but no one cares . 
  at least if this gets used it can be stopped , a nuke is endgame and no one cares . 
  but back to my point why would we scrap the technology and wait for another country to obtain it and be ahead of us ? 
  the whole world is competing for these edges and we are the ones that throw ours away ? 
  our country and the future will fail if every time a new technology comes along people fear it and fear change . 
   if there was more people like him this country would be a better place . 
  or we would go from being the global superpower that we are to russia 's bitch . 
   the ones who created our surveillance program should be in gitmo . 
  do you feel this way about all surveillance agency 's ? 
  do you think they just should n't exist for any country ? 
  that would seriously fuck certain programs that do alot of good . 
  so i guess it 's not really sticking it if you just say you 're gon na do something . 
  just because he does n't have info does n't make him less of a hypocrite . 
  condemning one nation for spying while accepting aid from another does make him a hypocrite . 
  and he is most certainly aiding russia . 
  you think putin accepted him out of the goodness of his heart ? 
  just because he does n't carry documents does n't mean he ca n't remember . 
  if he was giving no info putin would of kicked him out the day he came . 
  what if he accepted aid from north korea and praised it for its contributions to human rights like he did to russia ? 
  would he still not be a hypocrite ?
