she kinda reminds me of an old flame . 
  but has a much bigger hold on australian media . 
  to be fair if obama said something like this i 'd think he 'd gone insane . 
  says the australian . 
  have fun with murdoch . 
  thanks for defending me bro . 
  whatever you think of america we are still vastly more important , relevant , powerful , and wealthy than the uk will ever see again . 
  we are greater than the british empire at it 's height and we 've only been a `` empire '' for less than 100 years . 
  your leaders would sacrifice it 's citizens if that 's what it means to appease the u.s. 
  internationally you have been shriveled down to the great satans lapdog . 
  you are not seen positively , you are just too overshadowed to be seen negatively , you do n't matter enough . 
  i think it will soon . 
  australia is gon na look for a very close alliance with a country soon . 
  yeah i think it 's been pretty clear to everyone the uk is an oddities compared to the rest of europe . 
  i do n't know much about norway or sweden , you think i 'm wrong ? 
  i 'm just under the arrogant opinion that the u.s exports a lot of culture , most countries these days are culturally close to the u.s. 
  your history is not relevant . 
  we are the 1st in the world economy in the world , rivaling all of europe combined . 
  you are absolutely insane if you think any country has more soft or real power on world events than the u.s. 
  there 's a reason we are `` the great satan '' and putins worse enemy and you are not . 
  i think the angloshpere is much closer than scandinavia culturally and mentally . 
  it would n't be on the same level as the eu but i think a closer angloshpere will be key in the coming years . 
   english  thinking sterotypes are still a relevant way to talk to an individual . 
  good luck on your own , now europe and america want nothing to do with you . 
  you can say all you want about america but our culture is much more fun . 
  they speak english ? 
  i imagine setting up free travel between anglo countrys like the eu would be a plus , like a citizen of america is a citizen of uk and vice versa . 
  though this could never work because other anglo countries have a bad view of america and america is too powerful for there to be a real gain . 
  how does that make it better . 
  insulting america is one thing but insulting democracy is retarded , fuck you . 
  suppose you 've never been to a college football game . 
  meh , compared to cali , south america , iran you have ugly girls . 
  meant no offense mate , it 's probably good us lesser states learn our lot in this country . 
  i kind of agree but like i said before , america ghettos are settled but are still terrible places , you need to combine it with massive education like you said . 
  and why do n't you guys illegalize money marriages ? 
  that should be illegal . 
  there needs to be some kind of roma relief fund for runaways than , something that will feed , clothe , and shelter them . 
  and put of billboards for it as well , the teens are impressionable and if shown a better life will follow . 
  a lot of people automatically assume all roma are evil people but it is how they were raised , if you want to change them it must be done when they are young , and stop the hate against the young ones , they have no choice in their life . 
  ok than , i hope all goes well for your country and it 's people , including the roma . 
  i would say there are countrys in europe that are better than the u.s in some things , but certainly not europe as a whole . 
  minnesota is one if the least cool states . 
  the `` coolest '' are california , new york , and texas . 
  no one cares about minnesota ... 
  so yeah a lot like canada . 
  so what is your suggestion ? 
  are there no police in your area ? 
  this is a minority group , it is very easy to control this problem without resorting to segregation . 
  you think not allowing them on the bus will make the problem go away ? 
  there are millions if gypsys in america . 
  they are not a problem here . 
  so the innocent roma should be punished because there are bad ones ? 
  if someone spits on you , crack his skull or inform the police , innocents should n't be punished because there are unsavory members of their group . 
  this article is about forced segregation , it states roma can not ride the same buses as `` regular '' italians . 
  even roma that have commuted no crimes . 
  saying there is a problem with the gypsy community is not racism , forced segregation is racism . 
  that sounds exactly like ghetto black americans . 
  i hear the same complaints from my family everyday . 
  i would much rather be caught up in a gang of gypsys than a gang of black americans , you will fear for your belongings , i will fear for my life . 
  i know the exact situation , imagine your situation but the people who do n't want to imigrate are a much larger portion of your population , are 10 times worse about it , are most likely carrying a gun . 
  that is the situation in america but nobody but the biggest bigot would even consider bus segregation much less implement it !, 
  no it is n't . 
  you like to pretend it is , though i suppose this situation is more closer to apareithd . 
  black americans are actually much more dangerous in ghetto areas than roma are , but we do n't segregate them because we are a 21st century society . 
  you remind me of the same arguments made by white american conservatives in the 50 's . 
  hope you 're proud of that . 
  than it 's done , i 've got too much say and i like to keep a good sleep schedule . 
  i 'll respond tommorow , you can respond back if you want or not . 
  i 'll respond tommorow , have to go to bed . 
  no i 'm not in high school , please do not insult me , as it feels like i 'm walking you through this . 
  but back to the point , if it is exaggerated than it is not accurate therefore not sad . 
  can the exaggeration be accurate ? 
  yes . 
  but to say that the actual caricature represents an actual human being is wrong , just like you would n't say it 's sad that clooneys caricature is accurate , because it is detached from reality and exaggerates negative aspects so it is in no way an accurate representation of anything other than common sterotypes . 
  a portrait can be sad and accurate , a caricature can not . 
  a caricature can not be accurate by definition . 
  use clooneys caricature for example , it distorts his eyebrows to a ridiculous degree , just because he has larger eyebrows would you call the caricature `` accurate '' ? 
  the caricature is not sad or accurate because it is a fucking caricature . 
  yes the sterotype is americans are fat , gun wielding , scooter riders . 
  fine , sure . 
  but the way the american said it made it sound like it is a common occurrence or common to see . 
  which is not true . 
  just because we are more obese does not mean we are overall obese . 
  and the definition proves my point , if it is an exaggeration than it is not true or an actuality . 
  to say any caricature is an accurate norm for any country 's citizens is obsurd . 
  i 'll tackle them . 
  just because their are a certain amount of obese people in america does n't mean the caricature of all americans being obese is true , that would mean literally every or a vast majority if americans are obese which is not the case , ntm uk , canada , aus , are all around the same area . 
  just because their is a large amount if gun ownership in america does n't mean people are shooting machine guns in the air , since that is illegal . 
  so that is not true . 
  for scooters see point 1 , also those are anecdotes and there 's a reason people are taking pics , it is very rare . 
  americans are not `` relatively obese '' . 
  i 've only seen one obese person in my entire life . 
  and i 've never seen an obese person on a scooter , nor do i know many americans who own guns . 
  so no it is not true . 
  sure but the guy is american and said it is actually true , which it is not . 
  the caricature is accurate of the commonly held sterotype if americans , the caricature is not accurate of americans . 
  that 's why it 's a crude caracarure . 
  the caricature is not sad or accurate of real americans . 
  the caricature is accurate , the guy saying the caricature is true is stupid . 
  oh yes , i could believe that .
