because the money our local church communities get this way is used in funding social projects and kindergardens too only a minor fraction of the income from church taxes is actually used for that . 
  the state covers most of the costs of church social institutions . 
  ( [ here 's ] ( http://blog.fefe.de/?ts=ae288ba3 ) a blog article in german on that topic , feel free to research it yourself if that 's not reliable enough for you . 
  :p ) so if that is really your only reason to not opt-out , please do so now !, 
   but the offer of alternatives to reddit must be higher in germany , you 're right , i did n't think of that . 
  not really . 
  :d i ca n't think of anything that 's close to reddit and has a big user base in germany . 
  there have been some attempts to clone reddit in german , but none of that ever caught on . 
  another explanation for the discrepancy you 're describing might be that the number of redditors in these images are counted by people subscribed to the country specific subreddits ( if i understood the op 's post right ) . 
  that 's a pretty shaky source , i 'd imagine that many germans who use reddit do n't even know about the existence of the tiny german subreddits . 
  and even if they do , might not be subscribed . 
  much of the content there consists of americans asking questions about germany anyway . 
   edit : typo fixed . 
  most germans prefer sites in german for the purposes that reddit serves , so not all that surprising . 
  the map of european redditors pretty much shows the affinity to the english language in the respective countries . 
  you mean oceania 's airstrip one ? 
  so buy one ? 
  even if you buy it on credit and take the prepaid options you need in addition you will still have less total cost than in a `` subsidized '' contract ( that usually requires a pretty big payment for the phone upfront anyway if you 're not going for a really high monthly rate ) . 
  unless you really do need all those free sms and free minutes bundled in contracts , i guess . 
  but who needs that shit on a smartphone ? 
   i just got a brand new nexus 4 for 350 euros and am paying 10 euros per month for 1 gb and maybe up to 5 euros per month for sms/calls . 
  calculated for a 2 year span that makes roughly 30 euros/month . 
  show me a contract that offers you a premium smartphone and 1 gb/month of traffic for that price , without any additional costs . 
  i highly doubt there is one . 
  even if you consider more expensive phones , contracts are still a shitty deal . 
  eh ... [ 3 gb for 15 euros/month ] ( https://www.simyo.de/tarif/flat-internet.html ) . 
  [ 3 gb for ~ 20 euros/month ] ( http://www.congstar.de/prepaid/karte/ ) . 
  that took like 5 seconds of research to find . 
  maybe you are just using a shitty provider ? 
   i do n't understand why the financial crisis does n't do just that ... because perception of the financial crisis is channeled into the euro crisis , and people perceive that as either `` we have to pay for them ? 
  why ? '', 
  `` or `` we have to cut back our wages and living standards and tolerate mass unemployment for a few pennies from them ? 
  why ? 
  '' , depending on which country you are in ( all a bit simplified , but yeah . ) . 
  that has more of a dividing effect than a uniting one . 
  if you had a bit of a conspiratory side you could argue that this is an attempt to cover up the mistakes of the ruling and banking elites that led to the financial crisis ( and ultimately the euro crisis , i 'd argue ) by pointing at other member states and blaming them for the problems . 
  `` no , it was n't the deregulation of our banking sectors so we could be global players like wall street that led to this fuckup , it 's because of those damn lazy greeks ! '', 
  i feel the same . 
  i have n't voted for one of the four big parties in almost a decade , but i 'm tempted to vote for the one that gives me the best chances of getting rid of merkel this time around . 
  hard to figure out which one that actually is , though . 
  the irony of your comment being highly controversial made me actually laugh out loud . 
   i have to admit , the german system seems much more fair . 
  even your working class has a say in things ( i think ... the book i read that in was in german and i 've only studied for about three months . ) . 
  which book was that , if i may ask ? 
    weird question , is your constitution very set in stone , or is it frequently ratified ? 
  hmm . 
  that 's actually a pretty good question . 
  you ca n't really say that it is set in stone , as there have been 52 changes to the constitution since 1949 . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_law_for_the_federal_republic_of_germany#amendments ) some background on that . 
  the basic essence has n't really changed , though . 
  some parts of it are also completely excluded from ever being changed through the normal process , explained in detail [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternity_clause#germany ) . 
  there 's a difference between exceptions in special cases and passing a law that negates a constitutional right for everyone ( without changing the constitution ) , though . 
  flevolandripper 's post makes it sound like the latter , so i asked for clarification . 
  yeah , i know the american legislation process well enough , just was confused by the poster before me stating that they are openly passing a law that affects constitutional rights without actually making an amendment . 
  ( i have n't really informed myself about cispa all that much , as my influence on it is pretty much zero anyway . ), 
  `` so they ca n't admit what they 're doing is against the constitution - they have to twist words to seem in line with the constitution . '', 
  explains that though . 
   we have our share of unconstitutional legislation that later gets shot down by the constitutional court , too , but generally it was ambiguous and controversial beforehand whether those laws actually were in violation of the constitution or not . 
  actively negating a clear constitutional right through a new law is a whole different matter , and that was the impression i got from that post . 
  and yes , we do have checks and balances in germany , too . 
  it 's pretty similar to the us , we just lack a strong , independent executive president and have a stronger focus on parliament instead . 
  the chancellor , our equivalent to the us president , is elected by the bundestag , our equivalent of the house of representatives , not directly by the people . 
  the rest is pretty much the same . 
  separation of powers , two chambers of parliament , constitutional court etc pp . 
  [ here 's a diagram in english explaining the german system if you 're interested ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cf/political_system_of_germany.svg/550px-political_system_of_germany.svg.png ) . 
  edit : little side note on an inaccuracy in that diagram : our president 's veto power is in no way comparable to that of the us president , he can only refuse to sign a law if he has strong suspicions that it violates the constitution . 
  so a simple law passed by a simple majority in both chambers of congress overrides their constitution ? 
  really ? 
  most ( all ? ), 
  schools in germany teach british english , but it gets bastardized because in everyday life you 're much more likely to encounter american english . 
  i think that 's what he meant . 
  it 's bullshit anyway . 
  i ca n't remember a single government in the past 15 years that did n't have a plan to reduce the deficit to zero `` in the next three years '' . 
  never worked out so far . 
  i doubt it will this time . 
   it seemed to me that this new school of thought is ready to take its place among respectable german thinkers . 
  this is not a new school of thought at all . 
  these reservations against the euro existed before the euro was even introduced . 
  especially the argument that it 's not a good idea to have countries such as germany and spain or italy in a currency union because their monetary policies are completely incompatible . 
  concerning the party : it does n't even exist yet . 
  i doubt it scares merkel ( or anyone else for that matter ) at this point . 
  it will begin to scare her as soon as it gets 5 % or more in elections . 
  right now it does n't even seem likely that they will get enough signatures to be able to take part in the federal elections this autumn . 
  i am german , quite interested in politics and i learned about this party just yesterday from r/europe , so you can imagine how well-known it is in the general populace at the moment . 
  stating that political revolt against the euro has reached germany is completely overstating the situation at this point . 
  the situation right now is that some guys that are known to be critics of the currency union want to create a new party . 
  nothing else has happened yet . 
  it boggles my mind that this is getting so much publicity . 
  slow news week , i guess . 
  erm , yeah , last time i checked , we moved to popular sovereignty in most of europe . 
   germany due to its sovereignty was legally perfectly fine to exterminate its jews , although it infringed rights of individuals . 
  yeah , some things have changed since 1945 , though . 
  that kind of sovereignty is severely disputed nowadays , as you are surely aware . 
  it definitely does n't exist in germany or the eu . 
  that violates our national constitution , the human rights convention and probably several other parts of international law . 
  so i still do n't know what you 're arguing about here . 
  the aspect of sovereignty you are arguing about ** does not exist anymore ** in the eu . 
  and it was n't the point of my original post anyway . 
  let me use your quote and highlight what my post was about :  the supreme , absolute , and uncontrollable power by which an independent state is governed and from which all specific political powers are derived ; the intentional independence of a state , ** combined with the right and power of regulating its internal affairs without foreign interference . 
  ** that is the part of sovereignty i was talking about .
