  fracking hilarious !, 
  i 've started watching the battlestar galactica remake lately , but i did n't even make the connection until i read your comment . 
   it was basically illegal to offer a bus trip from cologne to berlin , or any other long trip that was already covered by the german rail . 
  you are principally right , but berlin always had an exemption for that for various reasons , so this particular example is [ wrong ] ( https://www.berlinlinienbus.de/pdfs/dus.pdf ) . 
  sorry for the nitpicking . 
  one more thing to note is that this is switzerland . 
  they have a very thick dialect . 
  only learning standard german wo n't get you very far there , i think . 
  i 'm german and i ca n't understand swiss people speaking swiss german at all , only if they make an effort to speak standard german ( or something closely resembling it , more likely ) . 
  hydrogen storage in combination with hydrogen-powered cars would also be a wonderful way to use excess wind energy . 
  or just convert the power into methane and dump it into the existing methane infrastructure for storage . 
  there are so many ways to potentially solve this problem . 
  exactly . 
  if you had done a prediction like that from the viewpoint of 1910 , you 'd probably have predicted total german economic dominance of the world by 1950 . 
  if you had done it in the 1980s , japan would have been seen in a very optimistic light . 
  nowadays it 's china and india . 
  all of these predictions suffer from extrapolating current trends into the future , but history does n't work like that . 
  history is a bitch that throws world wars , economic crises and birth control pills in your face !, 
  well , he 's limiting the `` obama is just the same as romney '' to american foreign policy , though . 
  and i do n't think he 's all that wrong in that . 
  obama is n't a dove at all . 
  he did n't close guantanamo . 
  he did n't intervene in the case of bradley manning . 
  he did n't stop the war on terror , quite on the contrary , he intensified it in afghanistan and , via drones , in pakistan . 
  he did n't even take back the patriot act . 
  sure , he 's slightly better than what romney probably would have been , but the difference is negligible from an outside viewpoint . 
  us foreign policy is still largely the same as it was under bush . 
  the tone changed a bit , but that 's about it . 
  i find a french accent in females attractive , but still think it sounds quite silly in general ... it 's not really mutually exclusive . 
  the point is , nobody really knows for sure whether anyone would buy more music if pirating was n't possible . 
  as you 've pointed out , it 's very hard to prove causation in this . 
  that applies to your conclusion just as much as it does to mine . 
   but whether or not it hurts the industry is not even debatable , it definitely does . 
  because you say so ? 
  there are quite some studies that point in a different direction . 
  for example [ this one ] ( http://www.techspot.com/news/50498-study-filesharers-spend-30-more-on-music-than-non-p2p-users.html ) . 
  there are also studies that say the contrary , obviously , but as far as i know there is no clear consensus on the effects of filesharing on sales . 
  not funny . 
  just the spectre of tomorrow , really . 
  solving the euro crisis ? 
  tomorrow . 
  instituting a political union ? 
  tomorrow . 
  acting in accordance to the rules set by ourselves ? 
  tomorrow . 
  letting turkey join ? 
  tomorrow . 
  democracy on a union level ? 
  tomorrow . 
   being a left-leaning german myself , unsubstanciated stuff like that always annoys me what 's so unsubstantiated about this piece ? 
  sure , he polemizes - it 's a commentary . 
  but the general premises he uses and the conclusions he draws from them are what most in the left think about the current state of the usa . 
  that probably includes a large portion of the american left . 
  it 's not an article , it 's an opinion piece . 
  and it does n't deserve to be downvoted just because you do n't agree with it . 
  it 's the basic nature of an opinion piece that not everyone will agree with it . 
  even if what you say is completely accurate , swedish policies are still possible in the us , just implemented on a state level instead of a federal level . 
  i do n't see the problem ? 
  that said , as someone coming from germany , which is also very federal , i disagree with you that education and healthcare should be in the hands of the states . 
  we have that here for education and all it does is create a complete mess without really any benefits to it . 
  i shudder at the thought of our healthcare being organized by our states . 
  to a us audience , it probably seems like satire . 
  i wish a party with those goals could be successful there . 
  damn , i wish a party with those goals could be successful here in germany . 
  you 're missing his point , though . 
  he 's not saying that neo-nazi terror is on the verge of overthrowing society . 
  he 's criticizing the fact that our government ( and partly media , as evidenced by the op ) tries to justify curbing civil rights and expanding surveillance by using the fear of islamistic terrorist attacks . 
  which , at least in germany , so far are completely nonexistent . 
  while violence , terror and murders from the extreme right are an existing real problem and pretty overlooked , a nice example is the current nsu case . 
  yes , by completely burying this for years and ignoring leads that point in the direction of neo-nazis in the murder investigations you achieve a ban of political parties . 
  totally makes sense . 
  did you even read up on the topic at all or are you just spouting your antisemitic ( or how else is that picture you linked to to be taken ? ), 
  crap out of principle ? 
  they started murdering in 2000 !, 
  if a ban of the npd was the goal , there would have been a big campaign about it right from the beginning , just like it happened when the raf emerged . 
  but instead it was completely buried for over a decade . 
  ah , you know , finding good people is n't all that easy with that severe `` fachkr\u00e4ftemangel '' ( lack of specialized workers , for you non-germans ) ravaging germany . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electoral_college ) :  other countries with electoral college systems include burundi , estonia , india , france ( for the french senate ) , the republic of ireland ( for seanad \u00c9ireann ) , kazakhstan , madagascar , pakistan , trinidad and tobago and vanuatu . 
  yes , but france , at least for presidential elections , does have a second round of elections if no candidate gets a majority of the votes ( i.e. 
  that makes it far easier to vote for a less popular candidate in the first round than in the usa . 
  plus , as i understand it , you do n't have an electoral college , the popular vote is the determining factor for electing the president , right ? 
  in the usa you 'd need to have a third candidate that wins so many states that neither of the other two candidates gets  270 electoral votes in order to have a stand-off like france had in 2002 . 
  that kind of election outcome is nigh-on impossible even here in germany , where we have a five party system quickly moving in the direction of six parties . 
  tl ; dr : while france has a presidential system similar to the usa , the weaker two party system in france can easily be explained by the two-round system you 're employing for presidential elections . 
   while the germans seem pretty willing to live under the strictures of a sound money discipline ( which deserves respect ) heh , if only our politicians could actually present a balanced budget themselves . 
  germany has been kinda booming and profiting from low interest rates the past years and they still have to create new debt to balance the budget . 
  not that i mind , borrowing money is better than cutting expenses mindlessly , but they should get down from their high horse when it comes to other european states . 
  one of the first countries to violate the european stability pact was germany , so there are n't that many reasons to act like we are a shining example . 
   the uk has to either start taking responsibility and lead europe or exit the union . 
  they ca n't eat the cake and keep it at the same time . 
  very true . 
  it 's not like we 'd embargo them if they left the union , they can still have a free trade agreement with the eu ( which is one of their few reasons for being in the eu anyway ) like switzerland , iceland or norway do . 
  if they want to stay in , they should start contributing productively instead of bitching without doing anything and asking for special treatment . 
  yeah , the irony of marching against fascism in uniforms seems to escape them . 
  i think the eu should first figure out what it wants to be before growing even more . 
  i 'm all for expansion of the eu to all countries on the european continent including turkey if they meet the preconditions . 
  but first we should figure out whether we want a free trade union with a few extra perks , a supranational something with some federal elements like now or a complete federal union . 
  and after deciding that go through with it and get rid of all compromises that resulted from one side wanting a free trade union and one side wanting a complete political union . 
  shit like the euro crisis , lack of transparency , overarching impressions of growing bureaucracy and lack of democratic elements would n't be nearly as severe if there was a consent of what the eu is supposed to be . 
  if a majority votes to outlaw all opposition parties , that 's a vote he does n't have to tolerate .
