  or if he has to , it 's not a democratic state anymore . 
  if he has to tolerate a majority vote to kill an ethnic minority of the state he 's living in , it 's not a state respecting rule of law anymore . 
  i 'm sure you agree on this ? 
  edit : by the way , i 'm pretty sure freesta was referring to people who advocate democracy with the term `` democrat '' , not the democratic party of the usa . 
  your comment seems like you assumed the latter . 
  germany is n't really in a situation that could warrant a rise of the fascists again right now . 
  those voter spikes for the npd in parts of eastern germany are mostly people disappointed by the reunification process . 
  but in its whole , germany is so well off that it 's not very likely that any extremist party gains a lot of votes on a federal scale . 
  i 'll share your worries if germany ever goes into a depression lasting several years , but as of now , that 's not on the horizon . 
  no , i 've never seen anyone doing that . 
  but it sounds funny enough that i 'd embrace the term . 
   unfortunately that is the ultimate flaw in democracy . 
  you will always have oppressed `` 50 % -1 '' . 
  that 's why democratic states have a constitution that limits tyranny by majority . 
  what you 're describing is not democracy . 
  it 's ochlocracy ( or mob rule , to use a more common term ) . 
   in the german election , may 1928 the party achieved just 12 seats ( 2.6 % of the vote ) in the reichstag . 
  never say never . 
  economic crises can change a lot . 
  you ca n't really invoke godwin 's law when the topic is literally about fascists right from the beginning ... well okay , you can , but it 's utterly pointless . 
  edit : and oh yeah , they 're not all that abolished , they 're just calling themselves [ `` national democrats '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_democratic_party_of_germany ) now . 
  i totally agree with your statement , but when i see germany 's policy on asylum seekers it 's hard to justify telling other nations to be lax on immigration . 
  ever after the [ incidents in the early 90s ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/asylkompromiss ) ( link in german , ca n't be bothered to find one in english right now ) it 's almost impossible to actually be recognized as an asylum seeker in germany . 
  we mostly just ship them off to their original countries or to other eu members so those have to take the burden . 
  telling greeks to just deal with it while doing the exact opposite at home is a bit hypocritical . 
  edit : just had the totally brilliant realization that you could also be dutch . 
  if you are , nevermind !, 
  i doubt it will happen again . 
  the sanctions on austria were n't really what you 'd call successful policy . 
  they did n't impose any sanctions on hungary yet , either , despite the ... questionable political events there . 
  it depends on how you define poor , i guess . 
  despite the economic crisis germany was ( and still is , i guess ) one of the major powers of europe in the 20th century . 
  greece would be stopped rather quickly if it tried to pull anything of the sort germany did in ww2 . 
  yeah , i get where you 're coming from . 
  i also think that we as europeans should keep at least some nukes as long as other nations that could possibly use them against us still have them and i would n't mind if all europeans shared the financial burden of that . 
  but you have to admit that the rejection of the european defence community , a plan with the main intention of making sure germany would n't have full control over its own newly formed armed forces , by the french parliament out of , among other reasons , fear of american dominance and fear of german remilitarization , was a weird decision . 
  if they were so afraid of german militarization , a united european defense force would have been much more effective in litigating that than letting germany form its own army within the nato , as happened when this was rejected . 
  yeah , i agree that solving the demographic problems that way does have its weaknesses . 
  but it will come to some form of a basic pension for everyone sooner or later anyway , i think . 
  even if nothing is done about the system , it will happen de facto because almost everyone will fall into `` grundsicherung '' . 
   when i talk of pensions i mean both renten and pensionen . 
  to be honest i do n't like that there is a distinction between the two at all and i 'd advocate introducing a united pension system for everyone in any case . 
  why do people make a big deal out of the fact that the state has to add tax money to the `` normal '' pension funds because they do n't generate enough income on their own anymore but nobody complains that state employee pensions are completely tax funded ? 
  but i digress . 
  i agree with you that the basic income is n't a perfect solution for every current problem , but personally i think it 's a nice vision and mid - to long-term goal for our society . 
   you - as a society - ca n't really `` save '' money for the future , at least not reliably . 
  i mean , all you save is a bunch of ones and zeroes ( or paper , if you 're old-fashioned ) . 
  full ack on that !, 
  well silly since it was in essence a french proposal and then failed because of ... the french . 
   i also think nationalism is silly , but that 's obviously my personal opinion , you 're right in that . 
  well , i 'm sure mr. steinbr\u00fcck in particular makes more than enough money to be able to afford a private insurance to get more than 1000 eur/month when he retires . 
  the pension system will have to be overhauled anyway , otherwise average earners who retire in 20 or 30 years wo n't even get enough to cover basic expenses . 
  facing that situation , do you think the current `` oh well , who cares if the state pensions go down , let 's just tell people to invest their private funds into private pension funds , even when they ca n't afford it . '', 
  is a better solution than cutting down above-average pensions and making sure everyone gets enough to cover basic expenses ( and those who do have disposable income can still use it to ensure a higher private pension on top of that ) ? 
  yeah , i like the concept of a negative income tax , too . 
  i guess it would be wiser to introduce that as a first step before trying to implement a complete basic income guarantee . 
  it needs more bureaucracy though , as you still need to ascertain the income of every citizen to check who is eligible for the negative income tax . 
  it 's definitely a step forward from the current system , but the beauty of the basic income is that all that 's needed for it is some sort of register of citizens , which most states ( i guess the uk is an exception ! ), 
  already have anyway . 
  and that it automatically functions as some sort of automation/productivity tax if done right . 
  kinda like alaska is distributing its oil wealth among its citizens , but instead of oil profits the automation benefits get distributed instead of only going into the pockets of those who own the machines . 
  i think manual human labor will become more and more unnecessary in the coming decades and a basic income solves the problems that arise from that . 
  okay , i guess the uk would have to raise social spending for a decent basic income then . 
  germany would have to raise current spending somewhat too in order to make it decent for single households . 
  but the figures are n't so high that it 's completely impossible . 
  it would be a big redistribution of wealth , yes , but the question is not whether it 's possible in principle but whether citizens want it . 
  it 's perfectly fine to be of the opinion that it 's too risky or too much redistribution , but saying it 's outright impossible is an overstatement imho . 
  possible . 
  but anyway . 
  let 's stop arguing about the current numbers . 
  i just do n't think the basic income guarantee is as utopian as critics of it make it out to be . 
  even with your numbers , it 's already possible to pay out ~ 400 pounds per month to ** every ** citizen in the uk . 
  a family of 2 with one child would get 1200 pounds . 
  that 's already quite alright as a basic income , is n't it ? 
  and when you look at states like denmark or france that spend 30 % and more of their gdp on social expenditures , with that kind of spending you could easily introduce a much higher basic income too . 
  it would be a big experiment and it 's possible that it fails , but it is not as impossible as is always said , in my opinion . 
  probably includes parts of what is in health in the figures of the guardian , yeah . 
  stuff like paid sick leave is part of social security too , maybe that 's in the health department in those figures ? 
  well , according to eurostat , the uk has social expenditures of about 23 % of total gdp . 
  by my calculations using the gdp in 2011 that makes ~ 576 billion dollars , which is about twice your figure . 
  edit : well okay , less than twice your figure , but significantly more . 
  those polls tend to change a lot in recent years . 
  there were times when the left socialist party achieved double digits in polls , during the last federal elections the liberals had their highest electoral share ever and have now fallen below 5 % , then there was a several months long period in which the greens achieved 20 + % in federal polls , after that the pirates got hyped to double digits . 
  i think this is just an effect of higher voter flexibility nowadays than used to be the case in the old three party system of the bonn republic . 
  of course also a sign that there is a population segment of about 10-20 % that is highly disappointed by the government but still votes and jumps to any party that promises to introduce changes . 
  no , everyone gets a fixed income per month that ensures basic living and can earn a wage in addition to that if more income is desired . 
  basic income would include state pensions though . 
  and since germany spends about 700 to 800 billion euros in social spending , i doubt your numbers are showing the whole picture in the uk . 
  apart from pensions you 're probably leaving out disability benefits , sick care , elderly care , childcare benefits , ... you get the picture . 
  all of this would be replaced/made unnecessary by a basic income . 
  edit : [ here 's an overview of social spending in the eu ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/social_protection_statistics ) . 
  uk does have lower spending in that sector than germany , but still considerably higher than you assume . 
  of course it also includes healthcare , which would not be covered by the basic income , but even if you leave that out it 's a very high amount . 
  and i 'm sure you have a source for this ? 
  you 're missing that the basic income would replace all other forms of social security . 
  not only algii , but also algi , `` sozialhilfe '' , pensions , housing assistance , childcare assistance , disability benefits and so on . 
  social security is much bigger than just long-term unemployment benefits . 
  and the basic income seems much more realistic if you take into account the complete social spending and not only a small part of it . 
  edit : according to [ this article ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/politik/sozialbericht-jeder-dritte-euro-fuer-sozialausgaben-1.157161 ) , total social spending in 2009 amounted to 754 billion euros , so not that far off from your 1 trillion estimate . 
   how would you eliminate bureaucracy and downsize the government if you 're increasing its spending ??
