  such as : `` sambreel/vinnig/beursie / piesang/baie '' being `` paraplu/snel/portemonnee / banaan/veel '' in dutch ... 
  yeah , i mean * of course . 
  * if we 're comparing every language like the similarities between mandarin and greenlandic , then sure , dutch and afrikaans would be grouped right next to each other . 
  but if we 're comparing * just * dutch to afrikaans as langauges ( which many people think afrikaans is just a dialect , as noted by the consistant appearance of the question , `` oh they speak dutch in africa , yeah ? '', 
  whenever i say i 'm from sa ) then they are different . 
  if you compared standard dutch to gronings or srandard dutch to brabants or standard dutch to flemish then out of all of them afrikaans would probably be the furthest away from standard dutch . 
  i loved this . 
  she was gorgeous and her hair is fantastic !, 
  this is goddamn beautiful , 
  as a south african who is studying in the netherlands , * very . 
  * i 'll go with the news as they 're usually about as `` standard '' as an accent can go : [ dutch news ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0d-ahtuddq ) [ afrikaans news ] ( https://youtu.be/vs-9qwzszpm?t=2m19s ) afrikaans is just * different ... * they speak softer and have been mingling with english speakers and plenty other cultures as well as been cut off ( see : quite proud of their independance from the continent ) from other european accents for 400 years . 
  for context , that 's the same as america and britain - and you can see how their accents diverged ... 
  how is this determined ? 
  why does the whole of central europe have accents no one finds silly at all ? 
  that is actually , extremely strange . 
  especially as it still outranks everything else , from facebook to youtube . 
  any albanians care to explain what express is ? 
  how many people actually go to google.com jesus ... chrome for me opens from a new tab and i solely use the omnibox to go to new sites/search for things and jump in then . 
  or maybe this counts the search results page as google as well . 
  in which case it 'd make more sense ... 
  still had a bigger empire than sweden ever did ... 
  there 's not that many things about languages ai have n't heard before , but this is the first time i 've heard of czech and slovak being so close . 
  but now that i think of it , what with czechoslovakia and all , it makes a lot of sense ... 
  which language is the slovak language similar enough to that they listen to another country 's version ? 
  :( that ruins the whole `` fuck you france '' joke . 
  yeah 280 a month is mad . 
  uni costs in nl are supposed to be the same everywhere and for me it 's $ 200 just for school feels . 
  i have a tiny , shitty room in a dirty house and it 's $ 300 for rent . 
  already we 're $ 220 overbudget and that 's excluding money for food or literally anything else . 
  i mean , you have to pay it back afterwards now , but you can still do that . 
   belief we are approaching the limit of the number of people earth can support . 
  the answers are all across the board . 
  south africa just sits in the background mumbling , `` do n't even get me f-ing started ... '', 
  for once ? 
  latvian friend in uni buys all sorts of technology and other things when he visits home in the holidays because it 's easy cheaper than here in the netherlands . 
  but currently you can end up in any national prison . 
  go to indonesia , commit a crime there , bam , you 're in an indonesian prison . 
  that 's been that way , since - like , forever ? 
  no i 'm sure it 's holland ... 
  that 's what hitler was trying to tell you all along ... 
  the top 15 cities i got were all either an hour by car , train or plane away from me . 
  it was basically just other dutch cities , or some in germany , austria , switzerland and spain ... 
  these photos are gorgeous . 
  thanks mate !, 
  besides what the multitude of people have said about just how the sheer demographics change things and how many friends people do have , and the relative size of populations , there are other factors . 
  for example , i live in the netherlands not germany but i have palestinian , iranian and indonesian friends . 
  and yet i still have no muslim friends . 
  religion ! = ethnicity . 
  so many posts on the rest of reddit where americans reference their brands are like this for me ... 
  although that being said aldi is so massive , i assume it 's kind of like walmart/target , i 've never been there but i know * of * it . 
  explain pls ? 
  indeed , haha this ~ ~ complete inefficiency ~ ~ funny mess of input methods sure does ~ ~ determentally harm computational processing ~ ~ add color.torgbval ( ) to this worldspace . 
  why are they ` meme letters ' ? 
  you ... you have multiple alphabets ? 
  is there a reason you did n't consider moving to spain when you came to the eu ? 
  considering the shared language and all ? 
  you <  the joke, 
  that 's what the u-boot-kommandanten want us to believe !, 
   lizard people attack * let 's just think back to why most of our defenses were built ... * [ screen warps and music begins playing ] '' * it was 1939 ... * '', 
   thus , a nation would ( better ) know which people it can relied upon and which not . 
  you mean a government . 
  because government 's change . 
  we 're talking about being ` relied ' upon and choosing sides , dividing people up into neat little boxes . 
  but those boxes are by the ideals of the government . 
  the current government in turkey is lashing out at the eu . 
  but swap everyone there for very pro-eu officials and your passport and nationality is still just given based on which piece of land you were born in . 
  making your place of birth whether you can be ` relied upon ' by your country , run by a government you might not have elected , to back them in deeds you might not agree with . 
  :( but i love my dual-citizenship ... 
  sort of . 
  sort of not . 
  basically : yes . 
  but i have the luxury of being born with dual-citizenship . 
  so i 've begun to consider myself somewhat more than just an ` expat . ', 
  if you get what i 'm saying . 
  that i do . 
  expat living in the uk ? 
  can into helpings plox , mijn red , white and blue friend . 
  you , boetie , have an afrikaans username . 
  i live in the netherlands now and i just voted . 
  but i have , and will continue to , vote in the elections of my home country . 
  i still know people there , i have family there , i still care about it becoming a better place and it can do that through my voice . 
  imagine a dutch turk , who sees erdogan 's bullshit . 
  even though they live exclusively in the netherlands , they have the potential to influence many people 's lives by casting a vote in opposition to erdogan . 
  the same applies for me and my home country and i can imagine others as well ... 
  goddamn it looks like prometheus was secretly a lithuanian because you 're bringing the fire boi ... 
  it is , indeed , 
  i love your username . 
  hey , i 'm english speaking ( but can read dutch with effort , but complicated political stances and rhetoric is a bit tough ) but a dutch citizen . 
  i 'm looking to hire next month . 
  where can i improve my knowledge of each party 's local and global agendas ? 
  go away finland ... or else i 'll , uh , stand close to you and make small talk !, 
  reminder that the eu still has a native english speaking member state with ireland . 
  accept our language hegemony !, 
  impressiver , i must say . 
  does n't sinterklaas bring presents in the netherlands ? 
  i am never sure ... 
  time to go to woudenberg !, 
  i have had mirinda a bunch of times . 
  living in south africa of all places ... 
  mostly for cultural reasons i guess .
