  if anatolia had not been settled by the seljuk 's , and was still populated by greeks , then i 'm sure whatever hypothetical state existed there would be considered european . 
  but europe 's eyes are still too influenced by the centuries of ottoman and turkic rule , which marks turkey as distinctly `` other . '', 
  well a georgian answered part a of this , i 'll answer part b : at least from my perspective they definitely are european . 
  the typical eastern border of europe is just a [ bit of a mess though ... ] ( http://imgur.com/a/2c3yk ), 
  that 's south georgia . 
  i mean if you think his proven , daily incompetence ; verifiable lies ; and focus on making absurd and easily fact checked claims on social media is a good form of leadership : then yes . 
  i can imagine it 's the same elsewhere . 
  americans are all too aware of this now , not all of them are idiots supporting trump . 
  some are of course . 
  same with south africans and zuma , hungarians and orb\u00e1n and israelis and netanyahu . 
  [ explosion sounds ] that 's fantastic dude ... 
  says the guy missing a u in his username ... 
  we have an / r/europe mod who is a south african with the name `` die engelsman '' ? 
  goddamn boys . 
  that 's what i find most confusing . 
  all projections point to climate change and melting polar regions to be much worse in the future . 
  this thing was designed to last for thousands of years but had trouble from a warm season in 2017 . 
  what 's it going to be like in 2050 . 
  this was planned to last _ thousands _ of years . 
  how did such a small hurdle affect it ? 
   the duke of saxony sells friesland to burgundian netherlands . 
  ( 1515 ) would you like it back ? 
  not sure . 
  filler footage i assume . 
  like [ this ... ] ( https://youtu.be/b_vccibkwfi?t=1m41s ), 
  i have the same as you op . 
  except i get calv\u00e9 garlic sauce and just do n't buy ketchup , because i do n't like it . 
  that 's a fair presumption . 
  as someone with ocd : waaay too much touching . 
  i 've never been to a live concert ever . 
  that is precisely why !, 
  [ shakes fist in general northerly direction ], 
  we 'll finally show those goddamn finns who 's number 1 !, 
  [ nearly , 3000 ft. ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery ) so not bad ... 
  speaking strictly of europe : norway . 
  otherwise : seychelles . 
  shots fired , i repeat : shots fired . 
  i mean , i know how french speakers are with their language , but considering belgium is weighted two thirds flanders , one third wallonia i really thought there 'd be more a chance they 'd at least try some dutch . 
  but yeah , in my head i see a dutch speaker speaking french way more easily than the hilarious image of a french speaker trying to speak dutch . 
  what is the rate of dutch to french across the two regions ? 
  like if a walloon and a fleming met , what are the chances the fleming will speak french or the walloon will speak dutch ? 
  yeah dude , going to denmark for two weeks next month , i 'll just learn all of fucking danish then shall i on top of all the other languages i speak ... 
  probably the two `` th '' ( [ \u03b8 ] and [ \u00f0 ] ) sounds for english , as there are way more languages without them than with them . 
  for dutch it depends on the speaker 's language . 
  the dutch g/ch sound is not present in english ( except scottish varieties ) so it 's hard for english speakers but is present in [ many other languages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voiceless_velar_fricative#occurrence ) so it 's often fine for those speakers . 
  got any pictures of what a whole student housing campus made from shipping containers looks like ? 
  with no flair , we have no idea what country you 're talking about friend ... 
  you let your countrymen down my friend ... 
   since a simple look at a standard political map political maps do n't show terrain . 
  those are relief maps . 
  europe is pretty scarce on the skyscraper-front . 
  * the shard * is only just over 309 metres tall and it is ( was ) the tallest building in the eu . 
  since the uk pulled out , that title has gone over to the * commerzbank tower * in frankfurt which only stands at 300 metres tall . 
  there are five other taller skyscrapers in europe , but they 're all in russia and the tallest is only just a tad bigger at ~ 373 metres ... 
  [ nordkapp is on an island though , no ? 
  welp , guess i 'll never be `` travelling '' to germany then ... 
  we had these in south africa too , but also called tazos . 
  came in chips and the most popular ones were plastic circles pok\u00e9mon ones , plastic squares you could turn into cubes for dragon ball , some form of yu-gi-oh ones and metal circle ones for dragon ball z. 
  these were crazy popular in south africa . 
  especially among schoolboys . 
  i 'm not sure about other places in europe , but it was a massive fad in at least one other country . 
  i never said i was okay with the ring of tsjechi\u00eb though . 
  never ever said it in dutch to be honest . 
  but it is my second language ... 
  i prefer the czech republic actually . 
  maybe it 's because it 's what i 've always heard . 
  but i also do n't really like the ring of `` czechia . '', 
  i 'm south african . 
  got south africa as my second guess , and also hungarian as my native language choice oddly enough ... 
  south african english . 
  native language : yes . 
  i had this reaction too . 
  many places in europe - the netherlands , germany , sweden , etc - have it as a high level school . 
  i believe the term came about as the greeks went to a gymnasium to wrestle and then sit after and talk politics and philosophy . 
  and so it became a place to train both your body * and * your mind . 
  in english we took it in one direction , physically , while other languages took the concept in the other direction . 
  i graduated in 2014 . 
  afrikaans is mandatory from about grade 5 ( 11 years old ) or so and it has to be passed along with english and mathematics each year , until grade 12 ( final year , 18 years old ) otherwise you stay back a year . 
  there are no other languages you are required to take and many schools ( including mine ) do not even offer other languages . 
  unfortunately , like many other parts of south africa , the education system is fucked up and you 're only required to score a 30 % to sufficiently pass a subject . 
  this applies to me as i speak english as a first language . 
  native afrikaans speakers have this system in reverse but might start a tad bit earlier , and always end up much more proficient as bilinguals than english speakers do . 
  have a similar system as everyone has the right to education as well as every legal process in their own tongue . 
  depending on their area they might be required to take both english and afrikaans at second and third language levels respectively . 
  there was a brief push a while ago which sometimes rises up again to have the bantu language ( i.e. 
  members of a particular language family which include all the ones i mentioned previously , bar english and afrikaans which are western germanic pie languages ) of each region also taught as a mandatory language . 
  i remember having to take lessons in isixhosa ( the primary bantu language in my area ) for a year or two before that was scrapped again and i 've heard of possibly reappearing in the near future . 
  i know we are not a european country , but i thought you might appreciate the foreign perspective . 
  i have some knowledge of the dutch educational system and how they teach languages here ( itself very interesting , as we - the netherlands - have the highest number of languages spoken on average per person in europe ) but i 'll leave that for another dutchman in this thread ... 
  thank you , that was very informative . 
  what prevented the poles from wanting to fight against the brits and the french ? 
  of all the answers on this thread , this one send the weirdest to me . 
  poland invading denmark and the netherlands ? 
  why those two countries ? 
  and all three do n't even share land borders with each other ... `` these poles are crazy '' - obelix, 
  born in 1996 . 
  yes . 
  had no problem with it . 
  it was when i was serverely misbehaving and it taught me discipline and respect . 
  i 'm reading a hell of a lot of responses with school kids getting drunk .
