  what always surprises me is that the whole standardisation and si unit thing , came from the french . 
  they overhauled all of that , but could n't bother to overhaul the number system to go along with it ... 
  at least the rule sticks . 
  at all points it will be number + multiple of ten . 
  unlike french ... 
  native english speaker . 
  i would ( and do ) say `` the 5th of february '' and not `` february the 5th . '', 
  because the netherlands has stupidly expensive traffic violation fines . 
  maybe it 's because the course i study is about video game development but a pretty big whack of my class uses it . 
  however back in south africa : almost no one . 
  i only knew one other person who knew the site . 
  all good points . 
  the stay vote was just under 50 % was n't it ? 
  40-sonething . 
  so like literally half of his countrymen , rather than ` very very few . ', 
  note : although i am a citizen , and have been since birth , i have n't spent _ that _ much time in the country . 
  the netherlands , afaik , is pretty secular and none of my friends are religious . 
  thst being said we have five big churches in my small little city which seem to be bell playing 24 / 7 , although i 'm not sure what that means . 
  sometimes one get used for events because it 's next to all the bars . 
  i think it 's traditionally incredibly christian , but more and more so the dutch are pulling a dutch and aiming for progress ( which in my eyes is a secular thing ), 
   i also wish there were less of you . 
  there 's just so many americans everywhere on the internet , it creates a huge echo chamber effect , and it makes discussion difficult . 
  this is so true . 
  often massive threads really only contain one single point of view and because this is reddit the uncommon ( i.e : anyone else 's ) opinion either gets downvoted or just not voted on at all and is lost under the giant weight of what americans have deemed as correct . 
   while i get a headache when i hear a strong american accent out on the street not going to lie , i 'm really sorry / u/jakobiejones , but american accents are * really * piercing for me to listen to for long periods of time . 
  and you seem to be * much * louder than europeans / non-americans . 
  in both south africa and europe , if i 'm on a bus or train i can talk to the person next to me and just hear them but not the person in the next seat , people keep their conversations to themselves as it 's polite . 
  but if there is an american , one can always hear their full conversations from at least a couple seats away ... 
  ** personal opinion . 
  pls no kill : ** i would n't say * hate * but i ca n't say i love you guys . 
  i obviously treat each individual individually but i ca n't say i 'm at all a fan of the culture over there . 
  it seems to be much more self centred , much more focused on personal improvement than the community and * much * less culturally aware than the rest of the world . 
  also , i ca n't say i 'm a fan of the `` all american american '' stereotype of loud , brash individuals or do n't seem to care about what is n't america or are deluded by their own grandeur . 
  of course this is a stereotype and not many actually people are truly like that , but i have seen facets of it in the many americans i 've met online . 
  also for a first world nation you need to get your shit together . 
  the gun violence ? 
  the student debt ? 
  the racism ? 
  the islamophobia ? 
  the police brutality ? 
  the terrible public transport , health and education system ? 
  the crappy internet ? 
  these are really unacceptable qualities for a nation of your stature . 
  also your pr is n't that great . 
  when i lived in south africa and in britain there 's almost a joke , of `` oh we 're not american '' when it comes to war-mongering or ignorance of other countries . 
  i 'm not saying this is 100 % of everybody but especially amoung students or even adults there 's kind of a subtle thing about the american stereotype . 
  almost everyone i know said they 're pro ukraine . 
  but * none * of them voted . 
  i 'm the only person i know who actually voted . 
  the non-participating was insane . 
  really surprised by the variety in this thread : in some places extremely common and in others only a few hundred kilometres away , not at all ... 
  to be there do n't you have a shengen visa ? 
  i actually grew up in south africa and we have heard of him here as well . 
  in fact i only recently found out he was american , i just knew him as a fanous writer and did n't bother to find out his nationality . . you hear a lot about him actually , i do n't think him being american has much to do with it . . 
  i may have answered the wrong thread . 
  this was supposed to answer / u/srekcalp 's reply :  1 . 
  had an ex like that , used to call her screnglish . 
  on her first trip to scotland , upon leaving edinburgh airport , a dismal march morning , she said some shit like ' i feel like i 'm home ' lol to / u/wronglypronounced 's point 1 :  1 - continually talk about how their long lost relatives are scottish and how that makes them scottish and how they feel an ` affinity ' with the country to which i added :  i am ethnically dutch and actually have a dutch passport and when i landed in the netherlands i did n't even feel like i was ` home ' ... : / damn mobile clients ... 
  i am ethnically dutch and actually have a dutch passport and when i landed in the netherlands i did n't even feel like i was ` home ' ... : /, 
  kurdish ?!, 
  interesting ... 
  thanks for the link , 
   in the end , it 's all semantics though , is n't it ? 
  yup . 
  we 're all just apes decided things are or are n't other things . 
  [ * in the end , does n't really matter . 
  * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evtxpuf4oz4 ) ^ ^ ^ ( sorry ), 
   your language is n't european what makes turkish not european ? 
  it was made in turkey and if turkey is considered half european then should n't turkish be a european language ? 
  and speaking in that sense then maltese is n't european either as it 's mostly semetic . 
  and if you 're talking about language families then basque , finnish * and * hungarian are n't even pie derivatives ... 
  thank you good sir ` am !, 
  i do not know german but have google translated it ( yay the reliability ! ), 
  i 'll be sure to ask you any questions i have on it though ... 
  i 'm moving to the netherlands and germany is pretty similar as i was kinda looking for something a little different before settling in the netherlands . 
  but at the moment i 'm open to anything , so if you could find that that would be amazing thanks , 
  yes , i 've looked at the database . 
  as i said i 'm not in europe at the moment . 
  also may places list themselves as sending accredited . 
  everyone i 've emailed either did not respond or sent unhelpful , blanket answers back . 
  maybe do n't start with a side . 
  keep it neutral . 
  talking politics would give a common ground between you even if you do n't have a ` side . ', 
  * hollande . 
  holland is a country ( more accurately provinces in the netherlands ), 
  right ? 
  i go so interested in this thing and it 's just a mission to get started . 
  i have european citizenship but have never lived there . 
  i 'm moving over soon so i 'm really curious if i can still apply and i do n't have to have , like , lived there for a certain time or something similar . 
  radio silence from / u/teakanne at the moment . 
  still wanting to hear deets . 
  i assumed you had to pay for like travel fares or something ? 
  clearly not . 
  so are you paid to volunteer there ? 
  anyways , i 'll find out tomorrow . 
  okay so basics first : * where did you go ? 
  * how long did you spend there ? 
  * what was the `` theme '' of the volunteering ? 
  * how much did you actually pay ? 
  ( if you do n't mind me asking ) * what did you do most of the time ?
