   i think it 's absolutely amazing , it 's very good for biodiversity . 
  and in chosing a view between mono-cultured landscapes and lush mixed forests , i 'd take forest any day . 
  yeah mate , the sight of ruined lives is just awesome , because it 's good for the environment . 
   now days we are more urban and living in high density areas . 
  villages and small towns will start to disappear and hopefully be allowed to go back to the wild . 
  or hopefully we 'll stop living in such high density areas ... 
   the eu is the uk 's major commercial partner , so if it wants to maintain its level of trade firstly , current levels of trade will not be maintained . 
  if britain were to leave the eu , it would also leave the customs union , which puts a tariff on all goods entering the eu . 
  this distorts trade toward inter-eu transactions . 
  if that barrier were to be removed , trade would naturally reorient somewhat toward the rest of the world . 
   it will have to negotiate free trade agreements with the eu anyway , like switzerland or the efta countries . 
  however , this would mean it would still have to comply with eu rules , in order to prevent distortions of trade , but would no longer have any influence in the decision making process . 
  does peru also have to comply with eu rules , or bosnia and herzegovina ? 
  both countries , and more , have free trade agreements with the european union . 
  neither have to comply with eu rules , except in that when trading directly with an eu country they must meet certain standards . 
   lived something like a year and a few months in london ( also visited as much of the country i could ) when i was a student . 
  i really loved the place and the people . 
  fair enough . 
  paper-thin secularism by french standards though . 
   yes . 
  i deeply and fundamentally believe religion should always and at all times remain strictly private . 
   i also do not deeply and fundamentally believe everything that i wrote , except the part on poland . 
  why on earth to you like britain then ? 
   this country is n't stupid , we know how to take care of ourselves . 
  yeah , about that ... 
  it took you far too long to realise how stupid your government 's policies are . 
  sweden seems more suicidal than anything else , and it 's only just realised it 's suicidal , so it 's trying to turn itself around . 
   you 're answering a different poster !, 
  so i am . 
  difficult to tell , it is , on mobile . 
  what he said makes even less sense now . 
   it was , i dunno , a semi-joke ? 
  light-hearted comment . 
  i assumed you referenced to the leave campaign 's arguments for brexit . 
  i 'd prefer no brexit . 
  nothing more than that . 
  yes , i was referring to that, 
   repeating your opinion again and again wo n't turn it into a fact . 
  and the other side of the argument is not retarded without any reasoning on why that is . 
  you can go on believing the fud the exit campaign spreads , but do n't think it 's an informed decision . 
  i did not repeat my argument ... 
  otherwise i would n't have mentioned your own analogy . 
  no , you just said something that i can not tell if it 's a joke or not , so i responded with a general feeling of amusement . 
   good to see some english that still do n't want to leave us . 
   not at all . 
  the eu is not a sinking ship . 
  but i can make another naval analogy out of it if you want . 
   it 's more like a rowing boat , with a couple of strong people and a couple of average people . 
  one of the strong people decides he is better off if he swims , because he disagrees with the other pepole in the boat on some non-issue , and he thinks he should n't have to do any work . 
  he wildly jumps off the boat . 
   he himself will have a harder time , and with one less person capable of pulling the oars , the boat will have a harder time . 
  the european union , for the united kingdom , is a sinking ship . 
  if there was no anxiety regarding the economic ramifications of leaving , i can say with complete certainty that we would leave immediately . 
  as for the rowing analogy ; it 's retarded . 
  the european union will be fine without britain , if they can get over the morale shock of a major player leaving , and britain will be fine without the european union . 
  the economy will restructure in response to the new tariffs , and lack of tariffs , and the world will continue turning . 
   this . 
   the way british people view the uk differs massively and this idea of the uk being one happy family of nations is n't universal and is where much of the grievance on both ` sides ' is a result of . 
  irrelevant as to the point , regardless of the truthfulness , or lack of it , of the statement . 
   you overestimate the british sense of family whether or not the united kingdom is united in identity is irrelevant ; they 're is still practically no pan-european feeling of family . 
   this is kind of exactly what europeans think about brits . 
  the european union is not a country , and you seriously overestimate the european sense of ` family ' . 
   as the editor of the spectator allowing some questionable articles that claimed things like `` blacks have lower iqs '' . 
  oh noes , he allowed someone to print something * you * do n't like , so lets crucify him !, 
   he himself referred to crowds of black people as `` piccaninnies '' and said that african tribal people `` have watermelon smiles '' . 
  he was mocking tony blair 's grandstanding around the world as if the british empire still existed . 
   he is very good at putting across a funny persona but a closer examination of him beyond have i got news for you appearances suggests he is , to put it lightly , a massive cunt . 
  meh , you sound like a massive cunt too . 
  he 's basically the only well-liked important politician in the whole country . 
   i think it 'd be pretty inconsiderate to leave . 
  that 's like saying , ' i would leave the titanic , but it would be inconsiderate to the captain . ', 
  wow , it 's almost as if the eu customs union does n't prevent trade either from europe or to it ... 
   adam and eve , talking snakes , virgins giving birth , flying horses . 
  i have hard time understanding how any sane , educated person in a developed country with all the access to information can believe any of this . 
  i have a hard time understanding how any sane , educated person in a developed country actually thinks that most people of the abrahamic faiths literally believe most of those happened . 
   nope . 
  the fear of the well-constructed `` other '' , primarily expressed by white males who feel marginalized and neglected , combined with socio-economic inequality and failing social and educational systems started the polarization of german politics and discourse . 
  ah , still hammering away with the marxist interpretation of history ? 
   if it exist in your imagination then thats all that 's important . 
  wait , so you 're saying the european parliament , council and judiciary * do n't exist * . 
  right then ... 
   i live in another eu state and i have never met an eu enforcer . 
  i do n't meet many british officials either . 
  does n't mean the british government does n't exist though . 
   the eu is not a government . 
  governments govern . 
  does the eu do any governing ? 
  yes . 
  therefore , it is a government , albeit one with limited power . 
   fine , good luck so . 
  enjoy butlins . 
  i prefer kyoto . 
   yeah , power sharing is so unbritish . 
  no , giant , unaccountable , governments are unbritish . 
   no point in discussing anything further so . 
  why would i care for european leaders other than david cameron ? 
  they 've nothing to do with me and little to do with my nation . 
  no thanks , i prefer war to europeans , or the imaginings of a psuedo-intelligectual old man . 
   how can religious people even exist in the west ? 
  all the abrahamic religions are so clearly made up aside from not being obvious at all , people are not religious for evidence-based reasons .
