  they still trade with the eu though . 
  i can tell who much you actually know about uk politics by the fact you group ukip , the bnp and edl together . 
   it is obvious , right now uk is 9th world economy with 20 years of negative trade saldo . 
   if you exit eu , they will `` punish '' trade relationships with you , which would lead to stagnation in your economic growth . 
  that 's completely retarded . 
  by largest output by nominal gdp the united kingdom is fifth , not ninth , since brazil is ninth . 
  the european union will not ` punish ' the united kingdom is it leaves . 
  that would be the action of a playground bully and the eu can not afford to look like a bully . 
  moreover , the united kingdom trades with the rest of the world ( much of the time without any kind of trade agreement ) . 
  if the uk leaves the eu production and trade will reorientate around the new trade barriers and less strict regulations . 
   i think the retoric with britian has to do with the idea that they have this weird notion in their head that once outside the eu they would no longer have to pay for access to the single market yet retain all the benefits ... ... we do n't want access to the single market . 
   that 's exactly where a lot of this is coming from , there 's a lot of english people who just ca n't stand the fact that they 're not an empire anymore , for some bizarre reason . 
  you can see barely literate idiots under every article about brexit on facebook going mad about making britain strong again and longing for the old days , and despising the eu for having any say in british affairs . 
  no it is n't , piss off . 
  lol . 
  you actually believe that ? 
  if european countries were to offer some kind of repatriation for money it would be for troublesome minorities not the average french guy . 
  i do n't think it would be designed for you . 
  shut up bot . 
  what ? 
  it 's not ruled by communists . 
  it 's ruled by people who say they are right wing but do not hold fast with right wing thought . 
  that 's a fantastically pathetic opinion piece ; that man does n't know what real xenophobia is . 
  the west is by far the most welcoming civilisation on earth . 
  china , korea , japan , parts of the middle east - these are places where people will genuinely recoil at one 's skin-colour . 
  if that did n't constantly highlight the fact that he was born on bangladesh people would n't think he was from bangladesh . 
  well for one thing , a continent split up is easier to influence . 
  more importantly though , the breaking up of the eu ( which seems to a certain extent unstoppable ) will , in the long term , be good for all european countries . 
  is ... is this guy for real ? 
  in the west it is easy to forget that it is better to have low wages than no wages . 
  ah , so many fantastic names ... 
  the kingdom of albion ( uk ) the kingdom of the british isles ( uk ) the kingdom of brittania ( uk ) i 'm not going to be arrogant enough to stick empire in front of those names instead of kingdom . 
  only when australia , new zealand and canada return to us . 
   england , which is really the kingdom of england , could be called anglia , whiteland or the grand kingdom of the seven . 
  ah , the retarded people who can not comprehend their own stupidity and , to them , it thus appears as if everyone else were retarded . 
  of course a nation-state can not literally be a servant ; literally being the keyword . 
  aww , i seem to have got your sausage in a twist . 
  why does the thought of nations acting like nations , not servants , vex you so ? 
  something like that . 
  yes . 
  no , i 'm complaining that there is no cultural merger to glue the european union together . 
   do you think about what the symbols represent ? 
  the church has stood for many terrible things throughout its 2000 years , including conquest , oppression , hatred , and discrimination . 
  i was raised catholic , so i know there is a lot of good in there too but no one should forget the bad either . 
  the church has no place being a national symbol in 2016 . 
   if people want to privately believe in god or a god , that is truly up to them and i 'll never try to take that away from them . 
  but the state has no business promoting or cooperating with any organised religion . 
  reading you whittle like a baby is amusing . 
  ` ohhh , the church did muh oppression !, 
  it 's 2016 ! ', 
  bugger off and let people have their harmless celebration . 
   it 's pretty obvious what the gist of obama 's message is going to be ; leaving the eu would likely set the stage for further disintegration of the eu , and ultimately undermine much of what the eu has achieved in economic cooperation and political liberalization in europe . 
  he 's not wrong about that either . 
  does he want to make us cheer and be even more happy to vote no ? 
   and that 's exactly what the eu is , is it not ? 
  a change of structure and size ? 
  no , that 's not what the eu is . 
  traditionally , groups have merged either through cultural unification or through conquest and imposition . 
  the european union is an entirely artificial structure without a significant cultural basis . 
  it has to try and _ create _ a cultural basis as it 's going along ... and that is n't going well . 
   you can be against it all you want , but do n't pretend that `` no one actually wants a federal europe '' because at that point you 're just making stuff up . 
  never heard of hyperbole ? 
  obviously some people want a federal europe ; many members of the eu 's bureaucracy , many elected officials and some citizens do desire a federal europe . 
  however , most people do not . 
   i do n't think it set any such definition . 
  it did ; you just joined in later and applied the narrower definition which muddied the waters . 
   but acting like tribalism has any relevance today is insane . 
  much to the annoyance and even dispair conservatives ( rather , a certain sub-group of them ) tribalism and other base biological urges have been successfully overcome - with excellent results . 
  firstly , no conservative advocates the narrow definition of tribalism . 
  secondly , ` base biological urges ' have not been overcome - otherwise they would n't be biological . 
  they have been redirected . 
  read the rest of this mini-thread . 
  it began with : ' i do . 
  borders feel like an outdated concept of tribal warfare that will eventually disappear to unify a species on this lonely little planet of ours ... but perhaps i 'm getting ahead of myself here . ', 
  this set a broad definition of the term ` tribe ' ; more specifically , it set the term as that of the existence of in-group ( and , by necessity , an out-group ) . 
  by the broad definition set in this context , nations are tribes . 
  theocratic bonds are tribes . 
   literally no-one ( besides you ? ), 
  thinks tribalism is a thing anymore . 
  maybe except some amazonian tribes , i dunno read : ` the tribes are now nations , not ethnic groups or religions . ', 
  ` literally everyone ' ( besides you and your utopian friends ) thinks nations are a thing . 
  it is . 
  the history of greece , and every other square inch of land on this earth , proves the biological basis for tribalism . 
  different groups of humans with different social groups , and different ideologies , histories and customs , conflict with each other . 
  sometimes one group merges with another , sometimes one group destroys another , and sometimes one group essentially destroys itself . 
  tribalism is a part of every civilised or even semi-civilised society . 
  the tribes are now nations , not ethnic groups or religions . 
  oh wow , the tribes change structure and size !, 
  gee , i never thought of that before mr !, 
  oh yes , and one day humans will become amorphous grey blobs , because anything else would be unfairly advantageous to attractive people , and these grey blobs will feel no emotions , because that could create conflict , which is bad , and then we will have utopia . 
  tribalism is a natural , inescapable , human reality . 
  suppressing it is like attempting to suppress love or hate , or like cnut trying to hold back the sea . 
  we 've seen the result of societies attempting to entirely suppress a part of their humanity , instead of diverting it to a more useful course of action , and it did n't go well . 
  we 're already shopping elsewhere . 
  most uk trade is done with non-eu actors . 
  so you expect the eu , which we are a part of , to federalise ... and just let us have all the advantages of being in the eu without giving up our sovereignty ? 
  if the eu were a football club , most of its citizens would 've signed on with a different team by now . 
  no one actually wants a federal europe . 
  the eu has n't been reforming itself from 1975 , it 's been attempting to achieve its federal goal . 
  what you want to do is change that goal .
