  they believe , not know , that god exists . 
   free movement of workers is a fundamental principle of the treaty enshrined in article 45 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union and developed by eu secondary legislation and the case law of the court of justice . 
  oh wow , a treaty signed by the leaders of various countries , only one of which i care about . 
  it 's just a treaty . 
  it 's not a religious text , i feel no need to be in awe of it , or treat it with any particular veneration like the americans treat their constitution . 
  it 's a treaty , not something to be worshipped . 
  congratulations being a fine example of continental legalism though . 
   our european dream your european dream is a nightmare . 
   there are also such things as people in a country . 
  they matter too . 
  their rights as citizens matter . 
  being able to work and study in 28 different countries matter . 
  having the right to live with your family matter . 
  your self-righteous nonsense is hilarious . 
   ireland is not a part of the british isles still salty . 
   how is this guy still in power ? 
  everytime i hear about legislation his government put it , it sounds horrible . 
  this is misleading nonsense ; all he did was keep the right for parents to opt their children out of sex education . 
   are brits truly this conservative ? 
  out of the context of your previous comment : yes , but we 're only allowed to express it internally . 
  externally , there is pressure to be ultra-liberal . 
   this guy is trying to ban all mentions of sex i think . 
  first he declares war on porn and now he wants to make young britons ignorant about sex . 
  no , no he is n't . 
  christ ; all he 's done in regards to sexual education is retained the parents the ability to op-out of sexual education classes . 
   which is exactly why i am against a lot of what the rightwing proposes you can not monopolize the values consensus to be necessarily left-wing . 
   spud gobbling savages we are !, 
  ( i love spuds ) not if i have anything to do with it ... 
  why on earth does such a thing exist in the first place ? 
  what on earth is that ? 
   ah , yeah you 're probably right . 
  unless william the conqueror killed all the english nobility in 1066 :p he replaced lots of them with normans , but he did n't kill all of them . 
  a few hundred years later they 'd become english anyway . 
   you are talking about state-integration no , i 'm not talking about state-integration , i 'm talking about people 's identity . 
  just because i mentioned the differences in the manner in which separate states are set up does n't mean i was focusing on them . 
  those governmental differences are examples of the different cultures that exist in europe . 
  the culture makes the government , therefore , a difference in government means there is a difference in culture . 
   pillars of our democracy the pillars of our democracy are not ... democracy . 
  rule of law has little to do with democracy , and neither does tolerance . 
  for a democracy to function there needs to be a certain collective attitude towards duty , morality and the nation . 
  it would be possible to have a democracy without the rule of law or tolerance . 
  it would n't be a pleasant country , but it could still be a democracy . 
  i do n't think he himself knows what he 's talking about . 
  vague notions of democracy and rule of law , and tolerance , ca n't forget tolerance , probably . 
   just to chime in , but france liberal and friendly to foreigners , in what world are you living ? 
  thanks for repeating my point . 
   yeah , sure there are differences , but i am still waiting to see the logical connection why these differences are obstructing the creation of a common european identity . 
  i would 've thought it obvious ; identity is about similarities . 
  you have to * feel * like kinsmen in a huge extended family . 
  the more similarities , the more people identify with each other . 
  such vagaries as the rule of law and democracy do not a nation make . 
  moreover , these concepts are not the same in each european country . 
  the continental law system has entirely differing philosophical origins than the british one and different effects on both the psyche and the practicalities of the nation . 
  similarly , democracy does n't mean the same thing to everyone either . 
  some state 's have a fusion of powers , some have a separation of powers . 
  some have powerful judiciaries , some have weak ones . 
  some have second houses , some do not . 
   weak nonsense ? 
  how ? 
  hate speech laws and such like . 
   really ? 
  in which way are cultural differences obstructing a european identity to be forged ? 
  i do not see this , and i have lived in 3 different european countries ( including mine ) . 
  then you 've been willfully blind . 
  france and germany are incredibly legalistic in comparison to great britain and ireland . 
  social hierarchy is of lesser importance in scandinavia , whilst family hierarchy is important in mediterranean europe . 
  secularism is very , very important to france , whilst it 's of lesser importance to great britain , poland and hungary . 
  scandinavia and great britain put great importance on space and privacy in comparison to other european countries . 
  i could keep listing differences all day . 
  when put together , they make a society unique . 
  laws and social customs vary massively thoughout the continent . 
   i find this a bit blown out . 
  there are different versions of muslims as there are different versions of christians . 
  for example , i know christians that consider western societies as degenerate as well . 
  there are indeed different kinds of muslims . 
  that is , however , a poor diversion from the point ; we can only speak in generalities and * generally * muslims consider western societies immoral . 
  as to considering ourselves degenerate ... 
  i think most people do , underneath relativistic platitudes about tolerance . 
  probably one of the reasons why there is such negativity in europe , because we feel we 're declining , but , like a seeing a train crashing , we feel we can only watch . 
   also , there was a bourgeoisie in syria or iraq before we decided to democratize them , and despite the repression in iran i know from friends that there is a very westernised bourgeoisie there as well . 
  a small middle-class , and the middle-class are often just as morally upright as the working-class , if not moreso . 
   integration problems have usually to do with the host society refusing the integration ( e.g. 
  france/belgium ) as compared to being more open to it ( e.g. 
  germany ) . 
  what ? 
  france and belgium , being extremely liberal countries , have for decades made their best attempts to integrate their minorities . 
  only in the last few years have they realised that it 's not going to happen , at least in the manner they were attempting before . 
  my way = best way . 
  ah , right . 
  i read it in such a way that implied something else . 
   dude there are millions of muslims in every western country who assimilated and integrated just fine . 
  yeah , they assimilated so well that , in 2007 , a poll showed that 71 % of young muslims thought that homosexuality should be illegal . 
  that would n't mean we 're more tolerant of children in england not knowing english though . 
   if europeans had a strong identity of being europeans then these levels of immigration would pose no problem at all . 
  they could be seamlessly assimilated and integrated . 
  europeans ca n't have a strong identity as europeans , because europe is far too diverse in every way to create an identity . 
  but national identities have indeed been weaking ever since the second world war and that is a bad thing . 
  you ca n't run a state without a nation connected to it to bring emotional drive . 
   after all , immigrants are just like everybody else , they want to assimilate and integrate and have a normal life . 
  other european peoples ?
