  oh , and apparently , there are 24,000 british immigrants in cyprus . 
  many will not be staying permanently . 
  it 's not exactly a massive number , is it ? 
  and just because you want it does n't make it yours . 
  you agreed in 1960 . 
  no ` takebacksies ' ; this is not a school-yard . 
  ... that would be incest . 
  ah yes old people who are living out their twilight years ... no longer even capable of having children ... how dare they not conform !, 
   it 's obvious that the religious will not change their views , but i do n't see why they should be so accommodated either . 
  by that measure , why should you be ` accommodated ' ? 
   fed up of the anti-atheism ` neckbeard ' shit . 
  well that was an eruption of irony . 
  strident atheism has been in the highest tier of ` neckbeard ' behaviour since the last millennium began . 
  church of england schools have huge numbers of poor , or at least not well off , students ; they 're not bastions of the oh-so-despised upper-middle class and upper-class . 
  generally , they also perform better than the average state school . 
  your paragraph regarding gay marriage and abortion ( in northern ireland ) is intensely reductive , pinning down a complex issue to a single cause . 
  it 's nonsense ; arguments against gay marriage and abortion are not necessarily religious . 
  you know * exactly * what ` new atheism ' means ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_atheism ) , pretending otherwise is disingenuous . 
  congratulations on mentioning the ( mostly christian ) enlightenment , by the way ; you 've fulfilled another new atheist stereotype . 
   we should ban all religious schools and take a much stronger line against religion in general . 
  yeah , all those horrible church of england schools . 
  they 're so disgusting . 
  also , new atheism is pretty pathetic . 
  it 's not 2005 anymore . 
  what 's going on is conservatives of all colours ( both thatcherites and one-nation conservatives ) are laughing in joy . 
  and pity . 
  try again in a ~ ~ thousand years ~ ~ never . 
  fixed it for you . 
  and if a country overwhelming wants something , then that is their ` will ' . 
  hence , ` will of the people ' . 
  strident individualism is so eighties by the way . 
  i believe he 's saying the entire eu should be like the efta , not that the netherlands should be in it . 
  then again , the article is behind a pay wall ... 
  sounds like he wants to drain everything unique away from the united ** kingdom ** . 
  the country is ~ ~ new labour ~ ~ one-nation conservative at its heart . 
  they can do as they like , fake greek . 
  that scotts wikipedia article is hilarious ... 
  it 's just english written in a thick scottish accent . 
  it 's as much a language as this is : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cun-lzvotdw, 
   fyi the uk is already more multicultural than sweden . 
  mega kek old chap . 
  i have no problem with the french commenting on british-related articles , but perhaps you should give them a miss . 
  and ironically , it was the one security measure we really needed ... 
  economically , as well as for reasons of national security ; no more rampant illegal immigrants undercutting wages . 
  sounds like a good idea ... 
  opinion pieces still have to conform to the political persuasions of the newspaper they 're published in . 
  usually , anyway . 
  it 's amusing how you constantly use the term * we * : * we * did this , * we * did that . 
  as if there were some great secular atheistic push in the past by a large portion of the population . 
  there was n't . 
  the secular state came about very , very slowly , and as a result of * religious * - often pious - people . 
  what an unusual article from the * guardian * . 
   pretty sad how easily people can be indoctrinated to support war efforts . 
  you should never feel warm and fuzzy when bombs are being dropped . 
  oh noes , someone does n't agree with your opinion !, 
  they must be indoctrinated !, 
  did it ever cross your mind , perhaps , that people are not so happy about war itself , but that the west has responded to an atrocity ? 
  bombing can be , and is , effective without infantry coordination ; striking to damage infrastructure , tanks and other vehicles is a reasonable thing to do . 
  it 's interesting that you consider the ideal response to the current situation to be to improve the middle-east itself . 
  how do you expect to do such a thing in the midst of a civil war ? 
  moreover , is a more educated population any real shield against wahabism and salafism ? 
  muslim extremists from the west are often well educated , and very articulate . 
  the shadows of iraq and afghanistan still loom large ... 
  ` is are n't a country . ', 
  isis really are a country . 
  they have an army in the thousands , which acts like an army , not a guerrilla force . 
  they hold a significant amount of land . 
  they have a government . 
  they 're a state . 
  isis is part of a religion , not a cult . 
  cults are necessarily relatively small and are led by charismatic figures . 
  most members if isis will have had little to no contact with their leader . 
  that was a religious cult , entirely different thing . 
  on the same subject , japan 's homogeneity helps foster a high trust society ... oh how i yearn for a high trust society . 
  i 've still never seen this mythical ` modern pluralistic civilisation ' . 
  sounds like insanity anyway . 
  groups are a fact of life ; they can not be changed , and can not be altered , grow up . 
   i read an article on breitbart on how refugees were converting to christianity . 
   90 % of the comments called them lying sleeper agents . 
  honestly that does sound unlikely . 
  sounds like a plan . 
   who cares ? 
  really who cares when homosexuals gets executed on the open street . 
  who cares if non muslims are being systematically killed in these countries . 
  who cares when so many people are fleeing from terror of is and co because they can not live there anymore . 
   and yes the refugee crisis is an result in the reign of is and co. 
  so yes destroy the source of the refugee crisis by eradicating is . 
  and what , pray tell , do you expect to do about these injustices ? 
  effecting change in one 's own country is much easier than doing the same in someone else 's . 
   religion also creates strong social bonds , and builds beautiful architecture . 
   they can go where they want without restriction or control of the state , one of the markers of a free society . 
  try and be more vague if you can , i can still tell you 're talking about humans , not space monkeys . 
  90 % of muslims living in europe are peaceful people . 
  it only takes a few extremists to do these horrible things . 
  and that is their goal , to divide muslim and french people . 
  ugh , dear lord , how long will people babel these empty words ? 
   we 're not welcoming the enemy with open arms you fucking idiot . 
  we 're welcoming the people who are running away from the very same enemy . 
  who could also be enemies . 
  do n't get my hopes up .
