  for instance , a terrorist is an enemy of the nation and , therefore , for the protection of the nation can then be killed . 
  this is a morally complex statement ; a justification for killing . 
  what is not , however , complex is the right to life in the face of bodily autonomy . 
  life trumps bodily autonomy , easily , every time . 
   even the most retarded person should acknowledge the right to abortion if the mothers life is in serious danger for example . 
  that is a straw man . 
  i have not previously mentioned such a circumstance . 
  in return : ` fuck the baby that gets killed ' . 
   as i 've said in other threads , the eu 's supposed `` western values '' pretty much end at the borders with poland , hungary , etc  ** `` western values '' ** the right to an abortion is n't a ` western value ' . 
  you ca n't just claim your own damn politics as the ` true ' spirit of the west . 
   if the church/conservatives were ideologically constitent , they would have to ban abortion even in cases of rape . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i am consistent in my lack of believe in the right to an abortion . 
   but fuck the woman who gets raped . 
  who gives a shit about her , right ? 
  if you do n't believe in abortion then it makes no real difference whether the woman was raped or not . 
  it would still be killing an innocent . 
   it was supposed to be modern , secular , free of religious influence it was n't ` supposed ' to be anything since different actors have pushed culture in different ways . 
   i do n't see how the veil is different than any other piece of clothing we are forced to wear to even walk on the streets . 
  you do n't see how covering your face or hair is different to not being naked ? 
  okay ... 
  i believe they 're attempting to , by way of osmosis , gain some of the catholic church 's resurgent popularity . 
  oh right , so you 've created an arbitrary time in which christianity stopped being a serious social force . 
  [ if we leave the eu , which is likely , then ... ] ( http://www.historyguy.com/the-empire-strikes-back-newsweek-cover.jpg ), 
   social progress most social progress since the sixties has been ruinous . 
   water down those abrahamic religions to keep them within the bounds of the law . 
  what does that even mean ? 
   if christianity was still a serious force the west would look like the middle east . 
  the same forces that marginalised christianity are the ones responsible for our prosperity . 
  so , are you saying that georgian and victorian britain were like the modern middle east ? 
  the victorian era was the greatest moment of british civilisation ; never havew so many great cultural works been forged nor power been so centralised as it was in that time ... and you 're saying that world , of dickens and brunel , is like the middle east . 
  well , it was founded to be a broad church that would accept everything from practically catholicism to the more extreme protestant movements such as calvinism . 
  all of these trains of thought had serious christian ideas ( though i disagree with some of them , obviously ) but the most mainstream idea of the coe is anglicanism . 
  that 's the strain that 's chiefly gone down the toilet . 
  both countries have massive amounts of coastline . 
   well , i can ... because modern democracies and nationstates were birthed not * by * christianity , but by a populace that pushed back against the prevailing conservativism ( religious and otherwise ) of their day . 
  aww , does the little dutchman think he can claim modern civilisation for leftism ? 
  no you can not . 
  modern civilisation is the product of the mid to late 1800s ; a very christian era . 
  then again , western civilisation is on the decline , so maybe you can have it ... 
  pete like to say that ... 
  but probably not . 
   would n't something like ` defend our western , enlightened values ' be better ? 
  you mean those values that sprung from , and are connected to , christian nations ? 
   i do n't think killing is a christian value . 
  christianity allows for the existence of a just war . 
  christianity is not pacificism . 
  anglicans are protestants and anglicanism has had the most influence on britain in the last five hundred years . 
  one of the greatest islamic recruiting techniques is to point out how ` decadent ' the west is and thus how it should be destroyed and replaced with and islamic world . 
  this works especially well on people who 've grown up and the west and experienced or seen its problems firsthand . 
  if christianity was still a serious force in europe that would not be a valid technique . 
  there would be no vacuous pop stars or film stars to point to . 
  while hedonistic conduct would obviously exist it was actually frowned upon in , say , the victorian era in a very serious way . 
  i am myself religious and i agree . 
  the church of england has , largely , betrayed christianity and the english people in a misguided and foolish attempt to become ` down with the kid 's ( as they would call it ) . 
  they have become almost relativistic in their permissiveness and as such have made the lives of the english people worse . 
  people want certainty . 
  they want standards to follow . 
  the church preachers no such standards and thus has dug its own grave . 
  meesa so scared , obi !, 
  meesa so scared !, 
   yes , you did . 
  you vote for your parliament , your parliament votes on who represents them in the eu council . 
  in fact , it 's similar to the electoral college in america . 
  then the electoral college is not democratic because this is n't . 
  voters can not vote for a different council , nor can they remove them , therefore making it undemocratic . 
   baseless accusations i 've directly quoted you . 
   as if they would `` ban '' tea kettles !, 
  this is what implies you did n't read the text . 
  no one is talking about banning tea kettles . 
   and regarding `` the parliament does n't actually put forward legislation '' -- no , but the council of representatives of the government of each eu nation do . 
  which is not democratic . 
  nobody voted for them . 
   that 's still democracy . 
  ( and more representative than the uk 's elective system ) no it is n't , that 's retarded . 
  the parliament in the uk makes its own legislation . 
    protection of human rights . 
  i was n't aware that the uk was in such a ghastly state of affairs . 
   yeah , except the tories have stated on a number of occasions they wish to revoke the human rights act . 
  and replace it with a different bill . 
  oh the horror !, 
   well , with scotland it depends . 
  if they leave the uk are they determined to become part of europe or not ? 
  if not they should n't leave !!, 
  your mask is slipping . 
   how is the eu undemocratic ? 
   it 's not any more undemocratic than westminster . 
   the eu has a proportional representation parliament , which you vote for , and which has to approve all decisions . 
   the eu has , because some countries would n't give up their power , a committee , which can propose new laws , which has one representative per eu nation , chosen by the government of that nation . 
   where is democracy lacking , please ? 
   if 50 % + eu citizen vote for one party in the next 4 years , then that party will have control over the eu , despite having zero influence today . 
  well for one thing , democracy across nations simply does n't work . 
  stick 20 million englishmen in a country with 20 million frenchmen and they 'll never get anything done ... and slip into war . 
  moreover , the parliament does n't actually put forward legislation . 
  ah , feel the rage , the rejection . 
  how dare we want what most other countries have ? 
  we should just subsume ourselves in a doomed attempt at an empire like good little idiots . 
  also , the british nations are far older than the netherlands . 
  you 're the brat . 
  there are no free trade agreements that are a couple of pages long . 
   the more likely scenario is that if the uk leaves the eu , it will join the european economic area , so that its companies will be happy to access the common market and its politicians will still be able to use brussels as a scapegoat .
