  all i see is a lack of social trust , people who _ literally _ can not understand each other and the aching feeling that england is disappearing in a sea of grey mud . 
  that , certainly , can be no good for economic growth or general well-being . 
  right . 
  manchester , birmingham and its like are complex creatures . 
  much of it is actually quite wealthy , but they are interspaced with slums . 
  moreover , much of the current building work was done in the immediate post war period until the 1970 's ; to be short , it 's fucking ugly brutalist shit . 
  that alone makes those cities look poor . 
  ` the uk 's strength ( though mainly in london ) is its cultural diversity and its strong position in software and it applications ' of course , a ` diverse culture ' will obviously lead to more growth . 
  in what world ? 
  victorian london was n't particularly diverse , nor was post-war japan , yet growth was , in both nations , monumental . 
  it 's almost as if ` diversity ' is n't a factor in positive economic growth . 
  where on earth did you go ? 
  evidently not bath , oxford , lincoln , st. albans , cambridge , york or hundreds of other pleasantly wealthy towns . 
  i can not think of much being more humiliating than being excluded from the g8 . 
   there 's emotional security for them in israel that does n't exist in canada . 
  it 's the feeling of being among your own people . 
  do n't say that chap : rootless modernists do n't comprehend the concept ... or at least , they refuse to . 
  the article has a point ... 
  the way it 's presented though is ... well ... also , this is definitely a joke . 
   what 's so special about being born here first ? 
  the fact they were born here first . 
  and thus , in most cases , have the greatest emotional connection to , and the greatest interest in , britain . 
  by the way , this rootless liberalism is pretty 2007 . 
  i do n't want to be a ` it 's the current year ! ', 
  but denying your own national interests is pretty pathetic . 
   so , you want them to pay your child benefits but are not prepared to do the same for them ? 
  what makes you so special ? 
  actually , why should anyone pay for your child benefits ? 
  i do n't collect child benefits . 
  regardless , nothing makes me , in particular , special . 
  however , whilst in the united kingdom , the british are ` special ' in that they are the indigenous people of the nation and whose livelihood 's are therefore of the most interest to the state which represents the nation . 
  monies sent to poland , and not spent in the united kingdom , from work done in the united kingdom , is a drain on the united kingdom 's economy . 
  eh , what country ? 
   in fact everyone one of these children have at least one parent living , working and paying tax in the uk which is what makes them eligible to receive the child benefit . 
   i think the only real problem here is that they are getting the same as as if the kids lived in the uk so that what they are receiving is relatively a lot more to them than if they were residing in the uk . 
  perhaps the benefit could be weighted to reflect this ? 
  ( though you could argue the same for people living in different parts of the uk ) or you could just not pay them child benefits ... 
  careful with that [ edge ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amd44i_9lzm ) there , you might hurt someone . 
  it 'll need to be sent to his lordship most protestant potato of potato valley . 
  he 'll know just what to do with it . 
  it 's the current year !, 
   -- what 's the world 's most profitable business ? 
  to buy a spaniard for what he 's worth and sell him for what he thinks he is . 
  we have this joke with argentinians ... and now i know the origin of the falklands war ... 
  not sure why i 've been down-voted so much . 
   then where 's the government that actually does that ? 
  any government that wished to control the flow of immigration would be shackled by the eu . 
   and regarding the net migration bit , you still have to agree on that . 
  at this point i 'm not sure it 's even a majority that wants that . 
  are you kidding ? 
  at this point , a ( large ) majority of the united kingdom would probably halt migration to zero if they could ; maybe even repatriate people . 
  hey ( oi vey ) , i like my wastes very much thank you !, 
  they 're comfy . 
  such as being able to say , ` haha , screw you napoleon ' . 
   the centre or the world , as it is clearly is stated in the name , is the mediterranean . 
  austria and switzerland are obviously north of it , so northern . 
  does n't work . 
  he said ` northern europe ' not ` northern world ' . 
  if that 's a joke , it 's shite . 
   the church has entirely too much influence over people . 
  education does n't seem to have any . 
  but then , education in these countries is shit anyway . 
  of course , because the religious are obviously fucking stuuuu ~ pid ( !, 
   also the video for hello by adele was shot in quebec by a canadian director , so we 're taking partial credit . 
  for a small country , we do well in music . 
  you want credit ? 
  accept british authoritah !, 
  and we invade you . 
  left-driving master race . 
  it 's also done in the uk too . 
  either a ` cheers ' or a ` thanks ' or something to that effect . 
  as part of a nation on the fringe of this ... 
  discussion , this thread makes me laugh . 
   we do , and `` northern '' starts at austria and switzerland central is northern ? 
  this is what the phrase ` polishing a turd ' was invented for . 
   well if you feel that way and want the uk to look [ like this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/6fnk9hs.jpg ) then that 's okay and vote to leave the uk . 
  but please do n't give me the `` we will change the rules or we will leave !!! '', 
  talk every other week . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  so you 're saying we should n't have tried to compromise ? 
  i 'm sure if we asked nicely ... 
   a good analogy would be english speaking irish people . 
  imagine if the uk suddenly decided that because the majority of irish speakers now speak english ( due to forceful anglicization ) that ireland should be forcefully re-annexed into the uk . 
  hey , that sounds like a good idea , we should do that !, 
   yes and the other 27 member states will not butcher the eu just because the uk wants to . 
  when it comes to limiting rights for * eu citizens * the uk is isolated . 
   the uk is free to leave but you 're not going to remove freedom of movement or freedom of work . 
  this is delusional . 
  it 's only delusional because the eu is delusional . 
  the purpose of a nation is primarily to protect the interests of its own people . 
  ` eu citizens ' are , in a sense , second class citizens . 
  ergo , the instincts of the united kingdom , and indeed every national government , are fundermentally in conflict with the economic and social strife caused immigration on a mass scale . 
   there is a black & white two speed europe = in & out , in reality there is a multi speed version in place too . 
  if a country outside the eu wants that and comes to an agreement with the rest . 
  so i really do not see the advantage off createing even more speeds inside the eu itself in a redundant manner . 
  but maybe there is i just cant see any substancial benefits for either side if we can come to a proper two-speed , or multi-speed , agreement we can all stay in the eu , therefore showing the ` solidarity ' that europhiles so love , the internal market is n't damaged , therefore being better for everyone 's economy , and the instability the constant arguments beget will end . 
   * free * movement and free choice of work are two of the four * fundamental * freedoms of the european union . 
  the whole point is to get rid of internal barriers . 
  yes yes , we know . 
  and we do n't care .
