we know how the eu works . 
  it 's just that we want to change it . 
  alas , europe is not japan . 
  few countries have ` sensible and conservative ' immigration policies , and if they did , multiculturalism would not be part of that policy . 
  seriously . 
  for one , food is culturally insignificant . 
  even so , food can be diversified without multiculturalism . 
  all that is required is a few restaurants . 
  -_- if you mention food i 'll digitally punch you in the face . 
  ... and no , it has had no benefit whatsoever . 
  aside from the guardian , whose opinion pieces are absolutely awful ( though the frankfurt school would be proud ) , the independent and the bbc ; no matter how centrist they say they are ... 
  america 's national identity is reinforced by its sheer power . 
  all people are attracted to power . 
  european countries do not have that luxury . 
  do stop trying to push such a silly narrative . 
  face it ; attempts at multiculturism have only wrought distrust , disharmony and the diluting of character . 
  haha !, 
  i actually got my comment below the threshold ... ca n't beat a good book . 
  sounds boring actually . 
  they might take jobs that would previously have gone to actual citizens ( the economic effects of immigration are debatable ) but they will certainly put massive strain upon social services , and commit more crime than actual natives . 
  i shall direct you to the despicable rotherham rape gangs controversy . 
  it is true that they have , and will , continue to ghettoise themselves into what are effectively states-within-states , this act itself is immensely damaging to national self-image and culture . 
  nations rely upon common customs , history , language and identity ( amongst other factors ) to function . 
  these are damaged through large-scale , non-assimilating immigration ; nations are forced widen their own identity to attempt to adjust to the varying worldviews within their own borders . 
  in turn , this leads to the ` diversity and tolerance ' meme ; which is , in a word , _ nonsense _ . 
  to accept ` diversity and tolerance ' is to lack any sense of identity aside from a belief in diversity and tolerance . 
  that , aside from being morally relativistic and thus impossible to achieve ( not that that would be an achievement ) in real life , it would also destroy the ability for a nation to function . 
  if we ca n't function , we ca n't help anyone . 
  it 's not exactly nazi germany . 
  and other studies show the opposite . 
  the economy is , regardless , of secondary importance . 
  economies can be re-structured and rebuilt in a matter of years ; societies however , are much more difficult to manipulate . 
  those statistics were before the migrant crisis really began , and i would n't trust them anyway . 
  if the vote to leave the eu were held right now , the united kingdom would probably choose to leave . 
  it 's difficult to tell in 2016 , however . 
  the united kingdom actually leaving would , symbolically , crush the eu , never mind all the practical trouble it would cause . 
  yeah , and jeremy corbyn is n't going to become prime minister . 
  he was also elected by a combination of activists and shills . 
  it 's a good point ; of course , austerity has also been somewhat successful in doing that which it was designed to do . 
  not to create a utopia free of poverty , but to prevent the economy from collapsing entirely , and building a foundation for future growth . 
  we 're barely involved in the crisis really , so we 've said very little in regards to the polish/hungarians etc. 
  though , if we were more involved we 'd be on the east 's side , considering the current political climate . 
  sounds fine , actually . 
  what shit ; orban wants to protect his people 's culture , _ like a good prime minister _ , and you think that 's a _ bad _ thing ? 
  the ` spirit of the union ' ( though almost entirely vague ) is based upon similar countries banding together . 
  to protect this ` spirit ' , said countries actually have to be similar . 
  the ` spirit of the union ' is , in fact , awfully similar to a national identity , actually . 
  can we not protect that ? 
  or should such behaviour , ` not be tolerated ' . 
  you disgust me . 
  still not equivalent . 
  obama 's intent in this is n't malicious , anyway . 
  the heritage foundation is as trustworthy as fox news . 
  it has , regardless , nothing to do with the united kingdom or what i advocated . 
  perhaps not blatantly , but via economic levers one would dismantle ghetto 's and spread them out . 
  at what point did either bantoebebop or i advocate imprisoning anyone because of their beliefs ? 
  attempting to persuade them , however , is something else entirely ... 
  ideas are only actions not put into practice . 
  worldviews , a kind of idea , are ideas meant to be practiced . 
  thus , not being able to criticise ideas , and not worldviews , would be irrational . 
  ideas make people _ do _ things . 
  perhaps it would be best to attempt to split muslim communities ( some would says ghetto 's ) up , so they are forced to adapt to the more moderate views of those around them . 
  currently , high densities of minorities seem like boiling pots . 
  aside from atheism , i do n't particularly like the things they mentioned ... 
  but their attempts at taking the moral high ground seem somewhat amusing , considering they throw people off buildings for no good reason . 
   there is no good reason to force that lifestyle upon those that do n't want to live that way either . 
  i do n't want to ` force ' anyone to do anything . 
  i want a culture which promotes stable relationships for the common good . 
  wait , _ that 's _ your rebuttal ? 
  are you serious ? 
   people should live however the fuck they want . 
  it 's not the governments job to elevate one lifestyle over another but it is their job to promote equality and acceptance . 
  how about : fucking no . 
  there is no neutral society . 
  you want to use the government to promote your preferable consensus and i want to promote mine . 
  it 's not my fault your vision creates negative results for everyone except divorce lawyers . 
  oh noes , i made a moral judgement !, 
  just like everyone else does all the time , and for good reason !, 
  just like certain other people do for ` looking down ' on others . 
  yes , i think that certain family arrangements are not preferable . 
   the problem is n't a happy conservative family but how one imposes these values on people . 
  you say this as if there is some kind of neutral stance without peer pressure . 
  there is not . 
  if people do not live as they do in that poster they will be compelled to live in some other manner . 
   what i understand of this is that this family is how a family should be for the afd . 
  this family is not bad in itself and it probably look like a lot of great family in europe . 
  the problem is when you want to impose this family view on other people who does n't fit . 
  [ ... ] it fits the vast majority of the population . 
  everyone is almost exactly the same . 
  most people are heterosexual and cable of pleasant long term relationships . 
  people have functioned like that for hundreds of years . 
  there is no good reason to change it . 
   in a monarchy that is not the case , there are stil classes and as such it is antiquated . 
  firstly , ancient and antiquidated are not synonyms . 
  soviet style state planning is antiquidated whilst homer is not . 
  moreover , classes are inherent to any capitalist society . 
  unless you think capitalism is antiquated ... 
  wait , what , windsors ? 
  surely you 're joking ? 
  assuming both peoples were willing to voluntarily alter the area .
