  it narrowed the views of those who belonged to it regarding everything from manners to worldviews , in turn reducing civil strife . 
  homogenous societies tend to trust each other , and come to a consensus more easily . 
  i do ? 
  was he really ? 
  oh wow , you must feel so oppressed . 
  dear god , give it a break . 
  european society is clearly based on the judeo-christian tradition ; it has guided the lives of europeans for a thousand years , if not more in many cases . 
  pretending that has had no cultural impact it petty denialism - no better than denying evolution or such like . 
  the difference between our society and that of the islamic world is that we recognise the ability for people to be good without god , and thus our laws can be separated from the bible . 
  i have n't met anyone who ever expressed any particular interest in foreign languages because few people actually are , not because i 've not been around them . 
  it was not long ago that i was in school myself , a school with one and a half thousand people in it . 
  many of whom i knew ; never did i see anyone be enthusiastic regarding foreign languages . 
  it _ is _ one or the other , to a large extent ; there is only so much time in a school day , and only so many slots for lessons therein . 
  every extra language lesson is one less history , pe , geography , or theology lesson ( etcetera ) . 
  if basic knowledge of english needs improving , that 's what english lessons are for . 
  wow , what a hilariously cliche response . 
  we do need communication ; in this business world , the most effective communication technique happens to be a language ... 
  known as english . 
  some people may like learning a language , indeed ; i have never met a single such person . 
  it does not , in any way , justify having foreign languages as part of the school syllabus when they 're really not necessary . 
  it 's taking up space better used for extra history , or perhaps philosophy and theology , which is n't really taught in most schools . 
  no it was not . 
  those values , aside from being vague , have to be transmitted through media and prestige . 
  someone in afghanistan is n't going to think , `` slovenia is such a brilliant place , i want to live there , '' or , for that matter , be particularly influenced by slovenian culture ( which does involve much of the aforementioned ) because he/she we have never heard of slovenia , or at least hold no strong opinion of it . 
  dear god , _ no one cares about languages _ . 
  they 're not important . 
  one of the fantastic privileges of being english is that you speak english , the international language of the world . 
  ` eu 's soft power ' translation : british and to a lesser extent french cultural power and admiration for germany . 
  this one . 
  unless he 's given a microphone or a pen . 
  and he eats babies too . 
  infact , secretly , the entire conservative party dines on fresh toddler every friday . 
  all we can do is wait for our lord and saviour , comrade corbyn , to save us from their upper-class talons of nastiness . 
  legalising everything could raise tax and cut costs . 
  does n't mean we should do so . 
  no , only makes us very , very likely to be different . 
  and clearly , we are . 
  oh noes , a nationalist !, 
  oh , the * horror * !, 
  so bloody what ? 
  of course it matters . 
  we can control who gets a visa . 
  whether the united kingdom ` needs ' migrants is another argument altogether . 
  no you could n't . 
  london is inside the united kingdom ; the rest of the world is not . 
    if you want to fix the housing crisis lobby the government . 
  this problem was not caused by the eu and leaving the eu will not fix it . 
  yes it was , in part , caused by britain 's membership in the eu . 
  as migrants enter , demand for housing increases . 
  that is plainly obvious . 
  leaving the eu will lower migration levels . 
  you say that , but in his head he was thinking , ` usa will grow larger ! ', 
  forgive me if i do n't find your anecdote particularly persuading . 
  london , physically , and metaphorically , dwarfs frankfurt . 
  australia , new zealand and the united kingdom shares huge swathes of culture ; of course they 'll be similar . 
  calling bullshit on argentina though . 
  your fedora is showing . 
  it 's fucking ugly . 
  exactly ; in the past , it was easier to hold the idealistic illusion that the majority of people are capable of long-term strategic reasoning . 
  now , human stupidity is far more obvious . 
  some people just still deny it . 
  austerity was n't designed to create jobs , but to shrink deficits . 
  the realisation that many , many people really are incompetent has probably contributed to the rise of anti-democratic sections of the internet . 
  neo-feudalism , straight up fascism , etc. 
  rubbed with rhubarb !, 
  pompey and augustus caesar mirrored crassus ' lack of technical legitimacy too . 
  pompey the great raised legions on private funds and started annihilating his opposition like a boss . 
   what i am asking for is a dialogue , a true dialogue , based on logic , thinking and facts rather than just fear as it is being based on atm , that 's it . 
  now we either listen to and respect one another or yeah , shit 's gon na down . 
  we 've been having a ` dialogue ' for years ; conclusion : it 's shit . 
  multiple heads of european states , and the general population of a number of countries , have professed that multiculturalism has been a failure . 
  600,000 = mass immigration . 
  the united kingdom used to be incredibly cohesive ; you could leave your doors unlocked , for instance . 
  homogeneity naturally creates cohesiveness , and the uk , despite technically being multiple countries , was pretty homogeneous . 
  there were no identity problems in the past ; the post-war era caused problems , bit we got past that . 
  you might want to look up ` one-nation conservatism ' . 
  seriously , you fool , shut up . 
  you 've no idea how the british democratic system works , and it makes you look a tool to be going on about it . 
  ukip failed to get enough votes in their local areas to obtain a mandate for election in said areas . 
  the areas are what are important , not the total number of votes ; mp 's represent people in a constituency , not nationally . 
  borders have shifted around a lot in the past , but that does n't mean that after the borders move a little it 's a different country . 
  the first recorded use of a term that means ` english ' was somewhere between 700-800 ad ( i ca n't remember exactly ) , and offa of mercia united most of england ( south of the humber ) in the 8th century . 
  he lost it , but others did similar things ( like alfred the great and his sons ) later . 
   the western `` way of life '' is inclusive and accepts individualism by definition , so i 'm not sure what 's the point of the article . 
  not really , despite what certain leftists and the libertarian right would say . 
  no culture can be ` individualist ' ; that 's the antithesis of culture , as something that binds the population together . 
  nor is europe really ` inclusive ' ; if we were inclusive , we would n't have so many laws . 
  exactly !, 
  but we can still say we 're doing something , and increase the numbers if we have to . 
  for one thing , you can not stop people relating to others on nationalistic or religious standards . 
  in fact , you saying this implies you lack an understanding of both nationalism and religion ; both are based on common systems of morality , history and feeling . 
  what you 're advocating is basically tribalism , in which people group together based upon their feelings - which is no different to a state , only not all encompassing , and therefore less stable , as said groups will thus attack each other . 
  quite a number of failed states . 
  yugoslavia , for instance ; few people actually felt yugoslavian . 
  if they did , there might have been a yugoslavian state today . 
  african and middle eastern countries have the same problem with cobbled together and weak identities . 
  interesting , though i can not entirely trust him - nor anyone , really , on this issue . 
  he may , of course , have ulterior motives for essentially attempting to boost the out-campaign . 
  what i do find odd , is that he called the united kingdom an ` export country ' ... not for a while , i think . 
  if anyone can believe anything they wish , validly , why on earth should anyone ` not cause harm ' to anyone else ?
