  that is filtered through the media and the public itself who discuss it . 
   and what if i agree with 45 % of the stance of one party , but massively disagree with another part of the same document ? 
  we 're forced to weigh up the pros and cons of multiple manifestos , and at the same time perform a cost/benefit analysis across each of them , before voting for a party . 
  which of course may not actually adhere to their manifesto because 3.5 years later the world has changed and compromises have to be made . 
  that is simply a part of reality . 
  a cost-benefit analysis is a compromise and compromises are how real life works . 
   so the party we vote for gets carte blanche to work inline with their promises , but there 's no structure in place to hold them to account if they veer away from it . 
  yes there is ; a motion of no confidence can be called . 
  such a motion destroyed jim callaghan 's parliament . 
  a secular state does not claim its legitimacy from a deity ( like the vatican ) or discriminate in favour of a particular religion . 
  that is it . 
  people can , however , base their views on public issues ( such as abortion , or the death penalty ) on their religion . 
  yes , because multiculturalism and internationalism are _ so _ right wing . 
  ah , throwing a dictionary at me . 
  still not helpful . 
  so a small country becomes a slightly larger , but still small , country . 
  by voting for parties you are voting for issues . 
  parties have long manifesto 's which detail the issues they feel are of particular import and their stance of said issues . 
  you can not vote just for issues . 
  that would , for one , not only be expensive ( referendums are expensive ) but the average member of the public simply does not have to the time to become knowledgeable on all the issues that are discussed in depth at westminster . 
  it is a representative democracy because most people , excepting the exceptionally well informed , require representing . 
  indeed , the prime minister does have some power . 
  however , the cabinet are essentially administrators . 
  their purpose is to pull on the leavers of government to steer the country . 
  they 're not that powerful ; they do n't really decide things themselves but carry out the manifesto . 
  that does n't mean what you think it means . 
  your ironic inability to comprehend other people 's perspectives would be amusing if it were n't so troubling . 
  if you saw someone push a dog off a building you would likely confront them . 
  imagine they justified their atrocious actions by saying , ` why do you want to force your moral code on others ? 
  this country is about freedom . 
  i can do whatever i want . ', 
  that is the absurdity of your argument . 
  sure , be pro-abortion . 
  just do n't apply to relativism to be so . 
  * awesome . 
  watch that edge mate , you might damage yourself . 
  online petitions are worthless and no politician in any political system ever gets such a large percentage of the population on his side . 
  also , you fundermentally do n't understand how the parliamentary system works . 
  who is prime minister does n't really matter . 
  we vote for parties and parties hold most of the power , not prime ministers . 
  if you want a system with a strong executive branch i suggest you go elsewhere ; the united kingdom has no such tradition . 
  so , when was the last time it was great ? 
   you live in arguably one of the best places on earth at this moment in time , why would you want to get out ? 
  yeah , about that ... 
  thank you . 
  it 's painful , i find ; i can see it in people 's faces when they sing the national anthem and i 'm sure that , perhaps subconsciously , they can see it in each other too . 
  a silent revolt against modernity that can only be expressed internally . 
  indeed . 
  you can pay for your own flight though . 
  being english and british is today contradictory . 
  the british , like in every other country , are being pulled this way and that by the differing ideals that fight for supremacy in culture . 
  unlike most other countries though , britain 's various images of itself are so radically different that it feels like the people themselves are being torn apart by opposing cultural norms and mores . 
  there is the smug , arrogant , tony blair version of britain . 
  full of buzzwords and vague ideas about ` modernising ' and ` multiculturalism ' . 
  a hopeful place but also a place of particular misery . 
  it is , afterall , an empty vision . 
  then there is the thatcherite world . 
  a world of class warfare ; a time when a vanguard of the working class attempt to bring down the government only to fail . 
  so the government destroys them , creating further poverty . 
  then the country is opened up and prosperity is created ... 
  but it leaves some people behind . 
  when this world is enacted by the left , they generally talk about to spirit of the miners and thatcher who was evil . 
  the right say almost the opposite , though with no mention of evil . 
  before that is the post-war consensus . 
  an era when britain changed more in a few years than it had in hundreds . 
  most people who pine for this time do n't care for the sexual revolution or the hippy movement but for the national character that was perceived to exist at the time . 
  because of the way society functioned , most communities still knew each other . 
  despite the relative poverty , those who lived through this era say it was the most pleasant time of their lives . 
  a time before the miners/thatcher ( depending on who you believe ) ruined the work ethic of hundred of thousands of people and their communities with it . 
  a time before binge-drinking , and hook-up culture , and hard drugs burst into the mainstream public awareness . 
  and , beyond that , there is a half-forgotten memory of the victorian era and the edwardian era after it . 
  the pinnacle of british civilisation , when so many great cultural works were created in such an incredible atmosphere . 
  an atmosphere of hope and glory - something tony blair could n't manufacture , something that we can today only sniff at ; as if the winds of time carried it down the ages to today . 
  the british are torn between worlds . 
  one day you 'll be praised for drinking so much you pass out in an alley , the next you 'll feel ashamed for your crass behaviour . 
  as if it were unbefitting of a victorian gentleman . 
  even a hundred and ten years after the fact . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  do n't be mean , dundee is n't that bad . 
  no i did n't . 
  you insinuated that it is fine to end a life just because it is connected to someone else 's life . 
  that 's inane and dehumanising . 
  life is not that cheap . 
   was the intensive care unit inside another person ? 
  it makes absolutely no difference . 
  i was , i suppose , inconveniencing people by being in intensive care ; medical equipment is n't free and nor is doctors ' time . 
  regardless , an innocent life is an innocent life . 
  i was knocked over by a car as a child . 
  i relied on the machinery in a intensive care unit to live . 
  was i not alive ? 
  should my parents have just shrugged and let me die ? 
   maybe if pro-life conservatives were n't all about voting against every single social safety net to actually help people with the financial burden of having children , than maybe there would be less abortions ? 
  that is an , irrelevant , attempt to change the subject . 
  it 's an informal term . 
  in fact , they 're to an extent the same thing , sir . 
  it is alive and has all the genetic material required to grow into an adult . 
   thats complete absolutionist ( sic ) bullshit !, 
  you . . believe in slavery ? 
   the world isnt black and white its gray and shades of it in every aspect . 
  only when rights of similar import clash .
