   around 7-8 french students . 
  some of them did n't even nod or wave when you met them in the corridors . 
  the others nodded or waved very politely , but were overall very shy and reserved . 
  they did n't speak much spanish . 
  why would they do such a horrible thing ? 
  i would defend myself philip , but i no longer have any need . 
  thank you claptrap . 
   petty nationalism must take a back seat , starting with the uk 's brexit talks . 
  how about : piss off you patronising prick . 
  the man who wrote this is so far up his own arse , he can probably see his own colon . 
  he goes on and on about some kind of ` greater good ' , whose greatness seems to necessarily require greater powers for brussels . 
  moreover , that nonsense about ` pandering ' to right wing parties of the most disgusting example of arrogant doublethink i 've , perhaps ever , heard . 
  he ca n't even admit that the right are right , * even once * . 
   well , the solution is simple : do n't take in any immigrants . 
  and have lots of children . 
   england is basically all cities and town . 
  u wot mate ? 
  no seriously , england has vast swathes of countryside , some of it very pretty , much of it not . 
   actually even italians themselves come from entirely different traditions . 
  a lombard is more similar to a swiss than to an apulian . 
  a calabrian is more similar to a greek than to a venetian , for example . 
  the result of hundreds of years of fractured city-states . 
   the uk would save a hell of a lot of money if they offloaded ni though . 
  we would make more money if we offloaded the northwest england too ; that does n't mean we should do it . 
   people are in fact capable of doing things without a central authority telling them to do so . 
  oh sweet summer child ... 
   i 've never seen any home have a union jack or any other regional flag outside where in britain do you * live * ? 
  londonistan ? 
   that 's interesting given that you spawned australia . 
  sounds like he 's talking shit . 
  ' i think there is an underlying culture amongst all europeans that surpass nationalism ' = ` nationalism is fine as long as it 's * european * nationalism . 
  but otherwise , it 's just 'em barrassing ' . 
  i 've never gotten along with a european more than an australian . 
  australians and britons are so damn similar they could be part of the same country . 
  britons and italians come from entirely different traditions . 
  both statements are true , i suppose . 
  we 've been trying to lead , and no one listens . 
  we 've been trying for decades , and for decades we 've failed . 
  the eu is weak . 
  the article mentions ` russian revanchism , islamist terrorism , and surging migration ' and the eu can deal with precisely none of these . 
  alone , the united kingdom can at least deal with islamist terrorism and migration within its own borders . 
  those too . 
  even those hard working types are still not my countrymen . 
   i 'd ideally like to see state funding for religious schools stop in the uk and a firmer secular line taken , with regards to government policy and state-funded services in general . 
  or perhaps you could move to france . 
  live in reality , please . 
  we all know which religious schools are a problem ; the muslim ones . 
  deal with them ; penalising church of england schools for no reason is absurd . 
   people say `` economic migrants '' with such hate and in such a dismissive way , as if being poor is not a valid reason for wanting a better life . 
  it is n't a valid reason for us to damage ourselves just to help them . 
   he 's really , really old . 
  alfred , your majesty , is that you ? 
   jews still exist as well . 
  does n't mean the holocaust never happened ... only because the nazi machine was stopped . 
  nothing stopped the british . 
  but the first nations and the aboriginal australians still exist . 
   they were destroyed . 
  their land/property/wealth was stolen , their culture destroyed and their people nearly wiped out . 
  they were clearly not destroyed . 
  they 're still here . 
  i see . 
  how did you learn to speak old english ? 
  ... old english ? 
  australian aborigines still exist . 
  the first nations still exist . 
  if the british wished them destroyed , they would have been ... yet they are not . 
  nothing wrong with denying falsehoods . 
   look how much everyone is getting downvoted for pointing out some basic historical facts . 
  no they did n't . 
  no they did n't . 
  no they did n't . 
  no they did n't . 
  they will , and they 'll be all the more fools for it , playing to modernism 's tune . 
   it gon na be like a divorce , what do you expect ? 
  both sides will negotiate the best for themselves . 
  eu is like do n't - mess-with-me kind of wife , so kind of hard times ahead for your lawyers . 
  funny , how in every other area it 's pathetically weak ; only in attempting to coerce its own reluctant members does it ever show any interest . 
   the average brexit-supporter will answer with a blank stare if you mention things like single market , eea , efta or customs union or , like someone who is not a strawman , they will either shrug and say , ` society is more important than short-term economic benefits , ' or say , ` out of the eu we can get rid of overbearing regulations which do nothing of use , and chile has a free trade deal with the eu . 
  we ca n't we ? ', 
  nigel farage does n't go around trolling . 
  do n't worry , we 'll keep your land for safekeeping . 
  i enjoy rustling jimmies , and rustling jimmies of those who wish to grab power by integrating their own , rather pathetic , nation with those more powerful i enjoy rustling most of all . 
  it 's not arrogance , by the way , it 's the truth . 
  you have the economic power of two lame mules . 
  you will not , either , be more ` united ' without britain . 
  france is also pulling away , as is the netherlands ... and suddenly , the visegr\u00e1d group is n't playing nice anymore . 
  the european union is , as a political machine , a failure . 
  like romanian cars , actually . 
   i do n't understand where these numbers are coming from . 
  it may have to do with me living in london . 
  because you live in a foreign country , perhaps ? 
   then those who do n't have the intention of joining the euro should leave too . 
  the union was built to be a tool for further integration not a club house of traits and opportunists . 
  you should put up a sign : ` sane nations need not apply ' . 
   i wish , uk could become more proactive in eu . 
  we 've been trying for years , only to be rebuffed . 
  grand words , coming from a citizen of a beggar-country . 
  the eurozone could have a fiscal union , not that it would help its decline ; transferring the power to set budgets to brussels would only worsen the european union 's democratic deficit ... and its actual deficit . 
  a single monetary policy failed for the eu and a single fiscal policy would only make it worse ; each country is its own ship , and ships , though sometimes interlinked with rope , should be able to sail where they need to so they can help themselves . 
  you can keep your ` socially progressive ' milieu of has-been countries and metaphorical vagrants ; it has n't done europe any good , not with societies slowly fracturing and identities clashing until they 're a grey mush , useless and uninspiring .
