  obviously that will not happen but it 's still theoretically reversible . 
  i suppose that 's reversible . 
  if it were after the great war that it would be irreversible . 
  good question . 
  when did that first occur ? 
   it 's a cold consideration : but it 's better to ruin 1 life then 2 . 
  of course , because killing someone is fine when it 's convenient . 
   so senator mccarthy was right persecuting communists ? 
  the us was on war footing . 
  illiberal actions are neccessary . 
   i presume you 'd support a similar repatriation of british colonialists in northern ireland . 
  kek . 
  that began in around 1600 , perhaps earlier . 
  too late , mate . 
  yes . 
  that , i 'm pretty sure makes them at least very saxon too . 
  you think ukip are ` batshit crazy ' ; somehow , i think your judgement as to what is ` moderate ' has been comprised . 
  surely you troll ? 
  wait , no , that 's a real opinion . 
  just like enoch powell was shamed when he predicted that things might go wro - ... oh wait . 
   2.3 % french & german absolutely disgusting . 
  what you would term ` the far-right ' * made * the world . 
  the industrial revolution did n't run on hugs and nice feelings . 
  oh yes , those massive tariff barriers in the 21st century just make international trade without agreement * impossible * . 
  god damn american stereotypes . 
  never go to that subreddit . 
  yes . 
  if things get worse , sweden will be smashed . 
  and the kentish have difficultly understanding novocastrians . 
  it does n't mean they 're not part of one nation . 
  no , other germanic people 's do n't count . 
  ` germany ' as a distant idea has existed for hundreds of years . 
  democracy is more than just voting for people . 
  ironically , any educated american could tell you that . 
  germany is an ancient nation ; it just lacked an overarching state to go with it . 
  it is a stupid question ; you might as well ask , ` is the queen popular ? ', 
  or ` do the british public like winston churchill ? ' . 
  no it is n't . 
  do n't claim that which is n't yours . 
  france is not britain , britain is not germany and germany is not poland . 
   the us is luckily or not the world 's first superpower , no it is n't . 
  your own damn country was once a superpower . 
   whereas the uk is a tiny island with victorian era nostalgics who think they still have some sway in international affairs . 
  they do . 
  every country does , though some moreso than others . 
  britain has a permanent seat on the un security council . 
   obama is just saying that you can either accept your place in the current geopolitical context or go rogue . 
  i approve of the referendum , but let 's stop pretending that leaving the eu automatically means self-governance , prosperity or a change in migratory trends . 
  it will more probably mean becoming someone else 's bitch . 
  ` rogue ' is a misused term in this context . 
  north korea is a rogue state . 
  japan is not ; yet , it also does n't belong to any political block . 
  it does mean self-governance . 
  there is only one institution , disregarding the british state , with any notable sway over britain ; that being the european union . 
  leaving the eu does mean a change of migratory flows ; a united kingdom outside of the european union will have full control over its borders . 
  your last sentence is just funny . 
   the scotts seems divided on the subject , some english too , and i saw some redditor saying that `` british '' means nothing . 
  you saw some redditor eh ? 
  they 're still a tiny minority . 
  do n't ask stupid questions . 
   you shoud de-unite the kingdoms in that case , no ? 
  pathetic argument . 
  british is a culture . 
  no , it is n't . 
  those four countries are very similar and those accents are part of the same culture . 
  a bit of food does n't make a place multicultural ; there are kebab shops in japan and china . 
  ... why do you think we have negative opinions about immigration ? 
  i thought we still owned that ? 
  no , the calais jungle we stay where it is . 
  in france . 
   i find it odd that an incredibly multicultural country such as uk wants to leave eu in order to preserve their culture . 
  seriously , how can so many britts be that stupid ? 
  i can feel your arrogance through the damn screen . 
  the united kingdom is not multicultural . 
  it does not want to be multicultural . 
  only an idiot or a fool would desire multiculturalism . 
  what crappy utopian values . 
  pale is cool ... and we have better cheekbones . 
  nothing . 
  europe is a place across the greatest moat on earth . 
   i do not mind christianity , however , for the europe i love , the age of renaissance , emancipation from the church , secularisation and laicism have been more remarkable features . 
  basically , because you , individually , do n't like it . 
  hillary clinton is disgusting and berne sanders is absurd . 
  there is nothing that can be done . 
  you ca n't * make * people not-racist . 
  sorry chap , it 's not 2005 anymore ; bleating racist !, 
  wo n't prove anything . 
  bnp are ( or , really , were ) racialist with some racist elements . 
  the edl do n't officially comment on race and ukip , officially , are civic nationalists . 
  * civic * ; i 'm sure you 're aware of the meaning of the word . 
  they are very different . 
  the edl is a grass-roots street protest movement with little ideological leanings . 
  they just want extreme islam to be gone from britain . 
  the bnp is an ethnic nationalist right-wing political party . 
  ukip are a civic nationalist right-wing political party whose primary purpose is to advocate a british withdrawal from the european union . 
  the bnp are more sceptic of capitalism whilst ukip are more sceptic of socialism . 
  see , differences . 
  one of them is n't even a political party . 
   so your just going to throw away 50 % of your annual exports ? 
  china does n't have access to the single market either .
