  lol no it wo n't . 
  the fact you know absolutely nothing about britain seems to be coming through . 
  britain wants to get out of the eu primarily to regain control of its immigration policies . 
  it can not do that in the eea . 
   yeah !, 
  yeah !, 
  vote yourself out of the only chance of being a part of a great power !, 
  great powers are the countries immediately under superpowers . 
  britain is already a great power . 
  so is france and germany . 
  the eu wants to become a superpower . 
  it 's more likely to become a basketcase . 
   no , we share a language and as a result some media , but i rarely see anything from new zealand and when i do i can barely understand what they 're saying ( it 's true of scotland too though ) . 
  they seem hilarious fun and have great economic ideas though . 
  but really , why did he choose those cultures and not germany or france or spain or portugal or denmark , austria , norway , etc etc. 
   the language seems to be this person 's idea of culture . 
  no , culture is this persons idea of culture . 
  not just media or art , but beliefs , mannerisms and so forth . 
  in this way britain , australia , new zealand and canada are especially similar . 
  they share deep culture , as expressed by this useful diagram : http://www.oh-i-see.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/cultural-iceberg-2.jpg it 's fairly obvious as to why ; they 're former colonies , and as former colonies they share the same roots . 
  they just * feel * similar ; when i 'm in one of the previously mentioned countries i almost feel like i 'm in britain . 
  he did n't choose any of the european countries you mentioned because they 're just not like britain . 
  they run on a different system , a different framework to life . 
  anglosphere countries run on similar , if not the same , framework . 
  this gif is absolutely shit , bismirching a great comedy scene from the greatest comedy film of all time . 
  its ` points ' are absurd too ; clean beaches and human rights ? 
  we can do that ourselves ... and farming subsidies . 
    culturally similar countries all around the world who function as strong political allies ( australia , new zealand , usa , canada etc )  they are just english speaking . 
  they 're not that similar culturally . 
  they 're not *** dissimilar *** , but they 're not that similar either . 
  it 's like ... have you even visited the countries you 're talking about ? 
  how is america `` similar '' to the uk culturally ? 
  they fought a war to get away from you . 
  ` not similar culturally ' ... 
  yet , somehow , according to you , they 're also not ` dissimilar ' . 
  there is no neutral ; we 're either culturally similar or we are n't . 
  and we are , it 's bloody obvious . 
   ultra-capitalism beat you : 1st : inner-london f-ing-poorest : yorkshire & lincolnshire that is also socialism 's fault . 
  they still have n't recovered from the eighties . 
   england : breakfast !, 
  bacon , sausages , eggs . 
  vegetables crips ( tyrell 's one ) . 
  i can find it france too but it 's like 4 times the price . 
  you must try this . 
  fish 'n chips with fresh fish . 
  i really insist on fresh fish . 
  cheap and hot meat pie you can find in every little supermarket . 
  british food has a bad reputation in european latin countries but i do n't think it deserves it . 
  i see . 
  he does seem to be , but things may change if argentina starts having economic trouble again . 
   is your muslim/black/asian population included that nation of yours ? 
  that depends as to whether they 've integrated properly . 
   you just define a nation as the magical sweet spot to govern . 
  wait , what the fuck ? 
  you 're pro-empire ? 
   should we here in austria join germany again ? 
  that depends as to whether you consider germany as a part of your nation , and if germans consider austria as a part of their nation , and if so , then yes . 
  that 's what we keep telling argentina , but they never shut up . 
   how civilized . 
  is this supposed to be the elite of britain ? 
  civilisation is people being able to laugh at each other . 
  wait , you are n't from the republic of ireland ? 
  no , no i 'm not . 
  britain is a nation of nations . 
  europe is not . 
  this makes britain a reasonable area to govern as one . 
  europe is not . 
   and which they can in a european federation . 
  which they ca n't in a european federation . 
  as seen in the united states , the majority of states in a federation can force their will on the less powerful states . 
  moreover , there is no ` european people ' like there is an ` american people ' ; a state without a nation is a terrible thing ... 
  and those differences must be taken into account pragmatically . 
  which they are . 
   all you 're saying with that is that you feel like the people in europe have other interests than your nation and you think that your nation is somehow special in its needs . 
  which of course is utter nonsense . 
  people in europe * do * have other interests than my nation , obviously , and my nation is ` special ' in its needs . 
  no two nations are the same , and therefore each requires it 's own arrangement of state . 
  no , they 'd reduce prices for people who are from the eu . 
   they 'll have a tough job selling that anywhere outside the south east ... not really . 
  it 's not the seventies , we 're not going through a regulatory fit of madness , and the united kingdom has traditionally favoured the market over the state . 
   then he got caught by the austrians and robin hood saved him :p definitely , i find that more likely than any other narrative . 
   the environment is more important than the economy . 
   you can have good and bad economies with a good environment , but you can not have anything with a bad environment . 
  the economy is more important than the environment . 
  you can still have life with a bad environment , but bad economies often cause suffering at worst , and ignorance at best . 
   which is still more than a `` home '' student pays . 
  and that is a problem why ? 
  yes , that guy . 
  difficult to call him french though , as france was then the area around paris and the nation expanded later . 
  he was rivalled to king phillip of france and they both went crusading to try and outdo each other . 
  of course , crusading is n't that useful . 
  he should have been waiting for phillip to return so he could smash him and claim the french kingdom for himself . 
   remember when the frogs convinced you to go die in the middle east for them ? 
  damn richard 's stupid rivalry . 
   i agree the move would probably be followed by some serious deregulation vis a vis switzerland ... definitely going to happen . 
  parliament will tear up masses and masses of regulation if we leave . 
  they should really start looking at what could be shelved now , so they can use the looser regulations for propaganda . 
   the tuition for europeans in uk universities would triple , sending more european students elsewhere in the eu . 
  we 'd just make them pay of third of what they paid before . 
  i 've no idea of what you speak ...
