  the details are difficult to speculate on right now , but it 's very likely that there will be a free trade deal of some sort , at some point , eventually . 
  it does n't really matter anyway . 
  the eu is not the only supplier of goods in the world and trade can reorientate along different lines if we leave . 
  well peru can get one . 
  there will be no ` reform ' . 
  other eu countries are extremely eurosceptic too ; yet , these countries are powerless to actually divert the eu 's course in any serious way . 
  ` you can have goals , as long as they line up with our goals , kay ? ', 
  no , he did n't avoid any taxes . 
  david cameron is not president of anything . 
  he has n't done any ` stupid religious things ' and has in fact passed a gay marriage act . 
  and he has n't avoided taxes . 
  it 's funny , because i actually live close to where many of the pilgrims actually set off from . 
  they may not be independent but they are countries . 
   like every other eu countries but still , i do n't see germany , sweden , netherlands ... passing law like this . 
  so your answer is : do n't try . 
  let yourself be swamped . 
   when the politicians will stop caring about themselves and their career , and will try to construct the eu for real . 
  ah yes , that eurosceptic establishment just blocking the wishes of the european people who cry out for more integration !, 
   unless you 'd start voicing your concerns about the russians or americans in uk incapable to integrate into the peaceful british society , of course . 
  i would argue that , actually . 
  it 's a traditional british value ... not so much a traditional russian or german value . 
   the city no longer gets a vote in what the eu does and enact a brisk round of banking and finance reforms to make banking/finance boring again . 
  yes please , forcing even more of the finance industry to london would be nice of you . 
  bond would rather die than accept the ~ ~ four ~ ~ european dream !, 
  no he can not . 
  bond has nothing to do with europe . 
  he 's a british icon and a british icon only . 
  alas , the car is n't the eu . 
  a car with one wheel would n't work at all ; the eu does function , though poorly . 
  that is just ... 
  bond is not a european icon . 
  europeans can not claim him . 
  we will replace your flag with our own !, 
  wait , we 're not on the chart ? 
   that is just backwards logic . 
  the eu is only fragile because many member states insist on limiting the scope of eu decision power , and maintaining a veto over its decisions . 
  as a result , the eu is paralyzed and unable to implement changes that benefit an overwhelming majority , because a minority decides to block it . 
  then later that same minority will be in the dissatisfied majority on another issue , and loudly complain that the eu is useless and can not do anything . 
  tl ; dr person i : the eu is n't working !, 
  person ii : so perhaps we should scale back the eu to better suite the current situation ? 
  person i : no , what we need is more eu !, 
  huh , interesting . 
  how many spoke it conversationally ? 
  it may be propaganda , but much of it still seems to ring true . 
  hungarians , presumably , were still relatively backward at that point and thus their science ( in the broadest terms ) was likely still conducted through the church as a gate-keeper to knowledge . 
  twas more like a noble republic . 
  someone likes us !, 
  the order of the secret sausage ? 
  okay . 
  great sarcasm there mate . 
  one of thatcher 's strategies to become prime minister was not being shrill . 
   ... and thatcher was a feminist . 
  no she was n't . 
  she specifically rejected feminism . 
  or what ? 
  never heard of that city . 
  what the hell . 
  britain does n't have foreign pubs . 
  ... you have british pubs in denmark ? 
  time to make a strong leap , dave . 
  also , you 're really bad at writing propaganda . 
  lol at tesco . 
  not aston martin or bae ... tesco . 
   and that ignoring that the growing far right reaction is significantly closer to extremist islam positions than the mainstream politics from positions about separation between religion and state and the role of state in dictating personal life style , family and gender roles ... 
  this stupid rhetoric beggars belief . 
  the hyper-liberal left is finished . 
  f-i-n-i-s-h-e-d . 
  the last decades have been a failed experiment . 
  society has slowly been breaking down and islamists have used that vacuum to propagate salafism to younger western muslims . 
  muslims who feel little to no deep love for their own country because the left has attempted to wipe the unique , non-relativistic , cultures of europe of the map ; it has replaced them with a bland , non-judgemental , creed that is practically identical wherever you are in europe . 
  ` you can not prefer your own culture . 
  you can not proclaim western civilisation to be superior . 
  you can not characterise your own country . ', 
  people need to belong and when someone has to choose between a weak , non-religious identity and a strong religious one ... clearly , islam wins . 
  the alt-right and / pol shit and the rest of the internet treasure the nuggets . 
   shamefully, 
   why does it need to exist at all ? 
  it 's more that a sphere of influence naturally exists when two nations exist in geographical proximity ( relative to power ) which are not equal . 
  russia is just really damn heavy-handed with their sphere and attempts to make it bigger . 
  no , it does n't . 
   thinking excessive internationalism is n't left wing . 
   while the lords et al do have their place in the system , none of those mentioned are likely to be in my social class , demographic or neighbourhood . 
  lol , ` these people are wrong because they do n't look like me ! ', 
  firstly , ` the government ' is separate from parliament excepting the cabinet members and the prime minister . 
  you mean : a party has the majority of seats and , therefore , control of parliament . 
  in pr countries , by your logic , the situation is much the same . 
  various parties , none of which will have the majority of votes , band together to gain a majority . 
  this leads to parties with very little support gaining significant power in their respective parliaments . 
  we have checks and balances . 
  they 're called the house of lords , the monarchy and the courts . 
  it 's not artificial . 
  every time i shut down a point you just move onto another stupid point . 
  and it has happened before . 
  the whole point is to have a strong government . 
  people are the state . 
  they can not be informed enough to vote in constant referendums about every other bloody thing , no . 
  that would be absurd ; people have lives to live , they can not pause to examine politics constantly . 
  they can , however , read a few manifesto 's before an election . 
  they only have to do that once . 
  moreover , it is not even necessary to read a parties ' manifesto to be aware of their politics and general attitude .
