  that collection of essays is indeed one of the intellectuall roots of what had become known as ` cultural marxism ' . 
  one of the strategies used by cultural marxists is outlined in repressive tolerance , which is basically advocates a progressive-stack style tactic in which ideological hegemony is achieved by the far-left by way of unfair tactics - by ` no platforming ' , for instance , those on the right . 
  fair enough . 
  you know nothing about britain . 
  you 're analysing class with a continental eye . 
  traditionally , in britain , the classes have worked in an imperfect harmony , to a far greater extent than other countries , ever since the english civil war . 
  that is why there were no great sweeping revolutions in britain . 
  it is precisely because the upper-classes never held ` absolute ' power , and were actually held to account of their duties , that there was no revolution . 
  the balance of britain was knocked of course somewhat by the first world war , and then by the post-war consensus , which placed emphasis on the government 's role as a caregiver . 
  when thatcher and her ` grammer-school boys ' achieved power , the concept was all but annihilated by the new concensus they forged . 
  they did not quite comprehend the relationship between the classes , and acting as the de jure upper-class , they thus ruined the balance by creating hatred between the working and upper-class . 
  though , whether this could be ovoided , considering the semi-marxists that had taken over , and twisted , the trade unions , is arguable . 
  now , more of the old , certainly not grammar-school , class of politician has indeed remerged . 
  however , their philosophy only contains fragments of that pre-thatcher era worldview , not enough to inculcate into society and thus repair britain . 
  to summarise : this is not the fault of old-style ` tory toffs ' . 
  a new kind of man was in power when this bankrupt conception of the world first became vogue . 
  the young turks were a political movement that controlled the ottoman empire during its last years . 
   pity the top comment is a joke . 
  the top comment pondering how pleasant life might have been back then , in comparison to this materially plentiful , but spiritually barren , age ? 
  then you 'll learn to fit in . 
  that 's incredible . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_critique_of_pure_tolerance ... ahem . 
   britain . 
  working class and below that is considered barely human . 
  those noble upperclass beings really have trouble recognizing anyone who did n't fuck a pig 's head in an initiation as a fellow sentient being worth of human rights . 
  all the labour/tory talk is just talk to keep the masses docile . 
  woo , let 's try to pin rotherham primarily on the conservatives who had little , either practically and ideologically , to do with it !, 
  the rotherham scandal is the result of decades of infantalisation of the working classes , of the denigration of the concept of britain itself and the subsequent multiculturalism and an obsession with ethnic diversity . 
  in short : it 's mostly labour 's fault . 
  it is also the conservative 's fault , albeit to a lesser extent , as they did acquiesce to liberal reforms , though often with reluctance . 
  people have n't changed since 1795 . 
  it was as valid then , as a scale measuring authority vs liberty , as it is now . 
  he will : he just ca n't say it so enthusiastically . 
  unless , of course , it 's saint george 's day , or some such special occasion . 
   i like to think we 're a bit less precious about that sort of thing in the uk . 
  i think we live in different britain 's . 
  yes , of course . 
  but #notallpickles . 
   you can not compare modern society with 500 years ago . 
  yes i can . 
  are you under the delusion that humans have miraculously changed in the last five hundred years ? 
  sorry , mr.utopia ; we have n't . 
  technology has improved , of course , but humans are still humans . 
   canada not an anglo-french nation . 
  an anglo nation with a minority of anglocised psuedo-french people , who have been pandered to for decades . 
  even so , they constantly threaten to split from canada . 
   the us , canada , south africa and many others have been multicultural since their conception . 
  neither canada nor the united states are ` multicultural ' . 
  cananda i 've already commented on . 
  the us likes to repeat this lie to itself , and broadcasts it to the world . 
  americans are split , like most nations , into a few regional cultures . 
  most immigrants are quickly absorbed into american culture , though they keep a superficial pretense of their previous country for a time . 
  south africa , on the other hand , is the * worst * example you could 've ever brought up . 
  it 's a mess . 
  a huge , ` rainbow ' mess . 
  blacks and whites despise each other , and even different types of whites and different types of whites dislike each other . 
   multiculturalism is n't just two or more different cultures living side by side . 
  it 's a society sharing multiple cultures , which leads to said society being less dysfunctional . 
  impossible . 
  for similar reasons as to why , in the elizabethan era , people had trouble with catholics . 
  two national cultures * can not * share a nation ; in that hypothetical nation the two peoples would hold ultimate allegiance to different authorities . 
  it 's a nice way to start a civil war . 
  moreover , this would cause even more dysfunction . 
  different cultures have different beliefs , which inherently clash ; an anglo-french ` nation ' would n't work , considering the differences in conceptions of law , work , sport , hierarchy , religion and so on and so forth . 
  what makes you think importing millions of third worlders would function any better ? 
  unless , of course , one considers a ` culture ' to just be a shallow veil which people occasionally put on ... 
  we already were , and are . 
  it 's about what the left/right spectrum really means , which i hold is what it meant at its inception as a concept . 
   that occurs in countless little ways -- in churches , in schools , in the workplace , in politics and in bowling leagues . 
  he 's named things that many people * can * , potentially , share . 
  sharing these things necessarily makes people more homogeneous , by virtue of shared experience and the presuppositional worldviews required to be able to take part in said activities . 
  people identify with a group through what they share in common , not through a piece of land or a piece of paper . 
  therefore , for a group that one does not choose , like a nation , for it to function people * must * share things . 
  the more they share , the less dysfunctional they are . 
  pleasure , good sir . 
   so it 's not a matter of how many people are coming through the door ; it 's a matter of what we do once they 're here to make them part of a new `` us . '' that occurs in countless little ways -- in churches , in schools , in the workplace , in politics and in bowling leagues . 
  there are many , many places where we begin to develop a more welcoming and a more capacious sense of this new , diverse `` we . '' that is anti-multicultural at heart . 
  he wants them to be absorbed into that which already exists . 
  moreover , it 's fairly obvious that the more people who come , the more difficult the will be to absorb . 
  ergo , mass immigration is , and was , and will be , a bad idea . 
  they would 've been vaporised the instant they touched the flag . 
  we do n't need to , our parliament is clearly the most baddass building in the universe already . 
  putting the union flag on it would make the world explode . 
  i 'd we should stick the finger to the far-left and the centrist groups respectively , since the centrists usually have the same degenerate , internationalist , hyper-individualist policies , just with milder rhetoric . 
  the greens are extreme . 
  their manifesto reads like the scribbling of a fourteen year old communist . 
  stop , please , you 're embarrassing the entire united kingdom . 
   being fearful of walking specific streets has nothing to do with multiculturalism . 
  it 's to do with crime and perceived crime . 
  do n't be fucking ridiculous . 
  have you never heard of ` hunkering down ' ? 
  in 2007 , robert putnam found that those who live in diverse communities tend to withdraw from collective life , trust less and are less altruistic . 
  just because poverty can cause the same effects , does n't mean you can use poverty as a mask to deflect blame from mass immigration and multiculturalism . 
   londoners can go to a finnish sauna , berliners and go out to eat sushi and athenians can go to the park and do a spot of yoga etc. 
  that 's just pathetically shallow . 
   i 'm of the opinion that racists , fascists , and nazis are almost exclusively on the right side . 
  fascism , and therefore nazism , is the ultimate expression of right-wing politics ; extremely hierarchical and traditionalist . 
  they * can only * be on the right . 
  just like communists can only be on the left . 
  and they 're just as bad , if not worse .
