  oh , and you 'll never be an economic powerhouse , nor will you be part of one . 
  suckling germany 's breast forever wo n't inundate you with its strength . 
   the solution to the currency is futher integration and fiscal unity , and not more separation and infighting . 
  the solution is , either , ( as try to say , but use the wrong word ) for eurozone countries to monetarily integrate , or to simply break apart the eurozone and let individual countries make their own course in monetary matters . 
  the immigration issue is , i would 've thought , plainly obvious , and has little to do with the current crisis . 
  as the government controls large sections of the economy , it needs to be able to plan to meet the requirements of those who live within the borders it controls ; it can not do so if it has no idea what the levels of immigration will actually be for that year . 
  as to the immigration crisis . 
  yes , the solution is obvious ; yet , it is not being implemented . 
  why not ? 
  surely , it 's nothing to do with the absurdity of the eu ... 
   they 're being unreasonable . 
  the european union has been unreasonable , no * absurd * , for years now . 
  the currency is bound to collapse , and open inter-eu immigration makes any sort of planning is impossible . 
   or simply to the proposed refugee camps in north africa ? 
  those are never going to be built , nobody wants to foot the bill . 
   which is why we are in this mess in the first place . 
  i believe the british and hungarian prime minister 's advocated that , but there was n't enough support at the time . 
  such a disingenuous phrase , ` fair distribution ' . 
  it seems to mean , ` you have a responsibility to help germany out of its own mess , please help ' . 
   i have a master 's in international studies and diplomacy . 
  well it 's either wasted on you or is completely useless . . you 've even conflated ` state ' with ` country ' and liberally sprinkled the word ` nation ' about like you know what it means . 
  all those goats must make you so rich . 
   hitler was n't even a fascist . 
  there are distinct differences between national socialism and fascism . 
  * cringe * fascism = an authoritarian or totalitarian system ruled by a despot , and powered by nationalism . 
  like ... nazi germany , for instance . 
  the economic machinery of the state is irrelevant in relation as to whether it is fascist or not . 
  usually at this point i would praise british warrior spirit , but in this case ... 
  i think it 's also important to remember that ` teenage rebellion ' or even being a ` teenager ' has only recently been fetishised and emphasised . 
  perhaps culture is once again beginning to swing the other way . 
  that 's not horrifying , that 's brilliant . 
  also , why have i been downvoted for a joke ? 
  [ nooooooo !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwalxfivx1s ), 
  haha !, 
  the united kingdom is manly . 
  so many wars , so many wars ... all worth it !, 
  i know . 
  they 're still endemic . 
   which will have more influence on an eu referendum in the uk ? 
  neither ; newspapers are considered the least trustworthy source of news in britain . 
  news programs , on the other hand ... 
   he said that there literally was no other place to go for them . 
  all the discos and clubs that existed when he was young were now gone and no new ones were forthcoming . 
  there is this place , i 'm sure he 's heard of , called a pub . 
  something he may wish to look into . 
  never before has a ` serious ' newspaper article made me want to vomit . 
  until i read this . 
   while it 's true that fn had changed it 's profile , and while many elements of fascism is now absent at least on the paper , and some do argue that fn is now different what it was at it ' past , supporter base of the fn is still right-wing to far right ; and guess at which side of the political spectrum are the vast majority of the front nationale supporters at the police forces are ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  fn 's support base is a good portion of the country , and unless you think they 're all fascists ... 
   would you like to got treated by golden dawn members for example ? 
  just asking . 
  what 's golden dawn got to do with front nationale ? 
  good point . 
  ukip are like italian national fascist party . 
  fn are absolutely no where near fascism . 
  to say so is buffoonish . 
  regardless , please explain why you consider front nationale to be ` fascist ' . 
  ... why , precisely , is it worrying ? 
  because you do n't agree with the front nationale ? 
   all these examples of different cultures in different places . 
  it sounds like it is possible !, 
  they 're not really different cultures though . 
  they 're the descendants of people who * had * different cultures . 
  ... or maybe we could act more like civilised people , and less like savages . 
  for a second you rustled my jimmies ... 
  but then i realised you were being satirical . 
  well done . 
  middle eastern people think we 're a bunch of degenerates ? 
  i know , lets protest naked !, 
  that 's flippin ' ridiculous . 
  ` english oak ' exists . 
  please ignore that it 's also called french oak . 
  silly french stealing our oak . 
  we have oak named after us so we have more claim to the idea-clay . 
   wow what a sad and pathetic human you are . 
  go back to the 18th century when this kind of thinking was viable . 
  kek . 
  human thinking changes little over time . 
  people five thousand years ago would be intimately familiar to us . 
  they , like us , wanted a * home * . 
  a place that would alter scantly over time . 
  if that 's too much to ask ... 
  these two are joke answers . 
  more pleasant english cities are places like york , or colchester . 
  aberdeen then . 
  could 've had oxford , cambridge , st albans , lincoln , york or bath and instead ...  glasgow wat . 
  birmingham . 
  thank god for the gulf stream . 
  if you 're being serious , that 's just vapid . 
   human rights act . 
  we had human rights before the shitty human rights act . 
  we 'll have them after . 
   spain . 
  erm ... who cares about spain ? 
  it 's just a holiday . 
   every country has the `` our glorious homeland is in ruins aside from every country which is not in ruins . 
  like south korea , switzerland , japan , finland , etc. 
  these places still * feel * like themselves ; not like pathetic facsimiles of what once was tainted by harmful mass immigration and unpatriotic internationalism .
