   [ given the intermingling of european countries throughout the millennia through art , science , philosophy , religion sport and war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/culture_of_europe ) there 's absolutely no reason to think there is no basis for a common identity for all europeans . 
  that 's no basis . 
  each country has its own philosophers and theologians , who have influenced their own country to make it unique . 
  each also has its own artists , and its own preffered sports ... and we 've usually been fighting each other , leaving deep feelings of mistrust between nations . 
   in britain there 's often talk here and there that we have more in common with anglo-speaking countries but that is a simplistic statement that only touches upon 300 years of colonialism which pales in comparison to the previous millennia of the aforementioned intermingling that formed the very identities of the british isles and continued to do so . 
  that 's just nonsense . 
  of course we 're closer to australia and canada than we are germany and france . 
  the former are our children , whose entire culture is , except for a few minorities , based of britain 's . 
  the latter have entirely different conceptions of governance , different customs , and speak a different language ... oh , and they were our enemies , and now they are rivals . 
   no reason this too ca n't be the case with a european nationalism in spirit of the motto `` united in diversity . '', 
  did you actually type ` united in diversity ' without vomiting ? 
  people are united through homogeneity , not to say that everyone must be identical , but similarities are what bind nations together ... and europe , as a whole , does n't have many . 
   if you look at the political discourse during the initial wave of migrants there was a lot of rallying around the idea of `` christian europe '' from reactionary people of every country . 
  i would like to live in a place that recognises the historical role of christianity but i would not want to live in `` christian europe . '', 
  the idea is counter to the centuries of secular progress that has been made but i raise this point to show that there is an element of commonality that is present in europeans that can potentially cultivated into a non-reactionary and non-confrontational form of nationalism . 
  you 're not even very good at being british , never mind designing european nationalism ; have you ever noticed that on one really gives a damn about ` secularism ' in the united kingdom ? 
  sure , intellectuals may go on about it , usually against islam , but no one really cares . 
  england even has a state church . 
  if there were a state church in france , there would be immediate , angry , outcry ; thus , a difference , one of many , between britain and france . 
   that is an interesting perspective on germany 's immigration policy !, 
  i 'm not trying to knock it , but i have thus far only seen it as germany finally coming into its own as a responsible leader in our community by jeopardising its own national politics and taking in refugees when others seem reluctant . 
  are you mad , or just living under a rock ? 
  germany 's overzealous actions have caused chaos in europe ; internal borders have had to be thrown up , and now we 're stuck with half-barbarian migrants who are not only socially useless but an economic drain too . 
  they 'll probably be nations in computers . 
   no we do n't . 
  we need more of a `` do whatever the fuck you want as long as you do n't harm me . '', 
  attitude . 
  right mate , we need more degeneracy . 
  that 's the answer to all our problems ; give up . 
   almost everywhere outside of europe , we are seen as european . 
  that 's only because half the nations of europe are so small the rest of the world does n't give a damn about them . 
   yeah , that 's how it should be . 
  i was talking about most other countries in my first comment . 
  wait , so powerful nations should n't been able to feel nationalism , whilst weaker ones can ? 
  riiiiight then ... 
   maybe just in 21st century people realized it 's kinda stupid to be proud of race , nation , where you are born and etc. 
  we should be proud of other stuff imo . 
  sorry , it 's not 2005 anymore ; that makes you look derpy , not enlightened . 
   i was only talking about the british press and how arrogant they are . 
  you mistake not agreeing with arrogance . 
   the government wants this . 
  if i can sneak this in past the rise of uk nationalism into european ones it would make integration with the continent a damn sight easier it depends which ` government ' you 're talking about ; i would n't trust cameron to be genuinely nationalistic , and i just would n't trust corbyn , but there are those in both parties who would fight it just as vigorously as it would be fought against in eastern europe ... except more effectively . 
   eu project is long term thing . 
  think of 2200 or 2500 . 
  in that case , we should n't even be talking about this yet . 
  if any of these were attempted , i would take great pleasure in watching my country , block , obfuscate and water-down the proposals . 
   tell me about your valuable dutch artifacts . 
  there was a tulip , but its worth plummeted so they sold it quickly . 
  i laughed at you reporting that nobody laughed . 
  a mechanical compensation , no doubt . 
  how did you guess ? 
  it 's the best kind of gas a german has ever used . 
  they were joking in a hilariously orderly manner . 
  bernard cornwall 's waterloo : ` it ( the british-dutch army ) was under-strength , many of the dutch regiments were from the french-speaking province of belgium , and the duke was wary of those troops because so many of them were veterans of napoleon 's armies . ', 
  i 'm not going to quote the whole book , but he goes on to say that wellington , because he did n't trust them , spaced them out between unquestionably loyal battalions . 
  to quote cornwall again : ` in the end there was just enough of it ( british troops ) . 
  a little over 20,000 british infantry were to fight at waterloo , and they were to bear the brunt of the emperor 's attacks . ', 
   of the 118.000 allied soldiers on the field at waterloo , only 25.000 were british - or 21,1 % . 
  and aside from the prussians , most were ragtag groups which wellington , rather reasonably , did n't trust and used sparingly . 
  therefore , british veterans did most of the fighting . 
  [ do n't joke , hitler is n't that funny . 
  ] ( http://media.veryfunnypics.eu/2013/10/funny-pics-enough-with-the-nazi-jokes.jpg ), 
  the comedian tried , too . 
  a german made me laugh once . 
   not exactly the kind of access i was talking about , sorry to disappoint your misplaced sense of pride . 
  that 's the only kind of access you could be talking about . 
   on the other hand , i think there is the possibility that the uk will be back sooner than later , because they realise how much they have to gain by the access to the european mainland . 
  do n't flatter yourself . 
  we 're not going to destroy our own country to have a bloody holiday . 
   we are n't in 1950 anymore . 
  it 's been a long time since the european union has become a political project with the realisation of an european solidarity at its core . 
  it may not be 1950 , but there is one thing that has n't changed since then ; there is no , and there never will be , such a thing as ` european solidarity ' . 
  nationalism will always beat internationalism . 
   you hit the nail on the head . 
  britain has always been an outsider in the eu , marginalized in every way . 
  they 're the only ones not wanting further integration , not wanting the eu human rights constitution , not wanting most of the laws , bitching about their budget participation . 
  might as well just leave if you 're going to keep acting like that forever . 
  they 're clearly a brake to eu 's federal progress ( which , i think , would be better than the half-assed broken union we have right now although i do n't want us to become the united states of europe but instead harmonize the eu more in every way ) . 
  oh yeah baby , stroke the shaft . 
  . . . . . . do n't be stupid , plenty of countries do n't want further integration and therefore federalisation is impossible ; no one would want to give up their countries to more brussels centred power . 
   just because we got the language from you doesnt mean we use it the same way . 
  you 've missed the point . 
  most of australia 's cultural heritage comes from britain . 
  in certain regions of britain , people call other people , most often their friends , cunts . 
  therefore , australia has most likely got that cultural marker from britain ( from northern cities , mostly ) . 
   got ta say i agree with him , the toris seem to want all the advantages of the single market but not follow any of the rules . 
  that 's because the rules are absurd , why would want to follow them ? 
  wow you 're salty . 
  if he were to support isis then yes , i suppose it would indeed be fine to boycott him ; he 's vocally supporting an organisation we 're at war with . 
  however , you 've pushed an absurd , extreme example to make my point , which is n't gospel , only a general idea , to break . 
  being reasonable ; the baker is likely just to say something old-fashioned about black people , for instance , and i 'm that case boycotting his business is unfair . 
   fine ? 
  but * illegal * ? 
  surely not . 
  no one 's saying it should be illegal , just not socially acceptable . 
   never been to australia i take it i 'm british ; where do you think you got it from ? 
   cecil rhodes would approve of your post . 
  good ; cecil rhodes had a nice moustache . 
   i did n't know about this . 
  its like really watered down racism .
