   they do n't `` conserve '' much either . 
  do n't cha know conserving things is racist in this multicultural world ? 
   this has not been about whether classical liberals were leftists , but about whether leftists are classical liberals . 
  ... what ? 
  this has been about if classical liberals were leftists are not . 
  no where did i even imply that all leftists were classical liberals . 
   i feel like you 're oversimplifying it and ignoring the common usage and connotations with which these terms have been used throughout especially the 20th century . 
  the colloquial - and that 's what they are , * colloquial * - uses of the spectrum do n't matter . 
  they 've been using political terms incorrectly . 
  the left/right was a dichotomy created in france in the late 1700 's ; as a scientific term ( in political science ) it can not simply change meaning because people use it differently . 
   and , again , being against free-market , or in favor of big government , is completely incompatible with being a classical liberal . 
  have you even read the second treaty or wealth of nations ? 
  yes , i have . 
  and for all intents and purposes , what classical liberalism is ** does not matter ** . 
  the mechanisms by which it attempts to enact change are irrelevant ; what matters is the intent behind the mechanism . 
  the intent of classical liberalism was to free people of their semi-feudal bonds and thus make them more free , and that in turn would make everyone better off financially , because free trade is ( according to them ) more profitable than the opposite . 
  therefore , because they wished to dismantle this last part of feudalism * they were leftists * . 
   it does not at all represent social studies . 
  by my understanding , ` social studies ' refers to the study of the social sciences , history and geography , with an emphasis on the former . 
  here we have a bunch of social science students , and teachers , doing something insane * because * of their precious social sciences . 
  in classical liberalism , the individual becoming more free begets in turn a more equal society . 
  therefore , classical liberals of the past was keen to promote the free-market , because they wished to dismantle the last remaining echoes of feudalism - which is dismantling a right-wing hierarchy . 
  they were , after all , generally socially conscious protestant christians . 
  because the entire point of classical liberalism is to make a more equal , but not necessarily entirely equal , world . 
  the idea being , famously , that free trade makes everyone better off . 
  the modern left * also * wish to make everyone more equal , therefore both parties are leftist . 
  they simply have different ways of attempting to achieve their goal . 
  whether they died before the french revolution occurred is irrelevant ; the hierarchy vs egalitarianism dichotomy does not dissappear because it had yet to be codified . 
  gracchus was a liberal in 100bc , and catiline almost half a century later ; both wished to give more power to the people , thereby creating a more egalitarian society . 
  whether the modern left is in favour of ` small government , lasseiz-faire , and emphasis on economic freedom ' is irrelevant ; it 's what they wish to * achieve * with their policies that matter . 
  this is a misapprehension as to what the left/right dichotomy is . 
  it was created during the french revolution , to differentiate between those who wished for a more egalitarian society , the left ( and thereform the revolutionaries ) , and those who wished for a more hierarchical society ( the royalists ) . 
  this is the foundation of left vs right . 
  not order vs chaos , or freedom vs authority , but egalitarianism vs hierarchy . 
  those who , in their own time , lean toward less hierarchy are therefore on the left , and those for the opposite are on the right . 
  the philosophers you mentioned , most of whom were empiricists , leant toward the left . 
  ergo , in their own time , they were leftist . 
  the absolute majority of social studies professors and students are very reasonable people who do n't care about these types of things . 
  ahem ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cemw2d4822k&amp;itct=cckqpdayasitcjn3pnlqzckcfy2qhaodwxablfiotwlzc291ifn0dwrlbnq%3d&amp;gl=gb&amp;hl=en-gb&amp;client=mv-google, 
   the political and media landscape do n't reflect that at all . 
  it does , yet at the same time it does not . 
  we live in two worlds which share the same space . 
  the guardian will be a proponent of one idea , and the telegraph its opposite . 
  those who read the guardian nod along with it , work with people who also read the guardian and nod along with them , and eat in places whose customers also read the guardian and nod along with them too . 
  the vise versa , of course , is also true . 
  thereby the populace is split , each having the idea that they are in the clear majority , for the vast majority of those they interact with agree with them, 
  no , no it bloody did n't . 
  you 're attempting to co-op the term liberal . 
  the american left are still the pro-egalitarian , ( relatively ) anti-tradition party the left has always been . 
  it still is christian . 
  underneath a semi-relativistic facade of bullshit . 
  italy = here . 
  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - north british = here . 
  silly north british , romans not weak , romans just not wanting your silly goats . 
  is what a joke ? 
  north britain land rubbish !, 
  mighty romans need no useless land !, 
   the city of london is a small district home to about 7,000 people i know , but there 's no reason why we ca n't just use the name . 
  though ` greater london ' also works fine ... 
  though greater londinium sounds cooler . 
  i remember the attempts at regionalisation , and they indeed did n't work , but i think they 're more likely to work in this , more conservative , time . 
  especially if they 're handled in the correct fashion . 
  i was imagining an elected technocratic mayor for constituencies , who then goes to a local assembly ( a witan ? ), 
  to organise how money should be spent in the region . 
   i bet being rich makes you a lot more likely to be happy than being poor though . 
  dear lord no . 
  the united kingdom was at its happiest in the 1970 's , a decade of relative poverty . 
  it 's supposed to be tautological . 
  that 's rather the point . 
   it is possible to become british only if you can adequately define britishness , which would be possible in the 1950 's , but is less so now . 
  even so , they 're still not ` part ' of britain until they become british , which would take decades , and then they would cease to be immigrants . 
  therefore , immigrants can not be british . 
   mainstream history never even mentions that and begins with 1066 aye , sometimes it feels like people wish to forget the anglo-saxon era , which is when england first began to exist , happened at all . 
  i would suggest creating regions in england ( which would often be altering those that already exist ) and ennobling them with at least vaguely historical banners and coats of arms . 
  population of england : 53 million . 
  population of ` the city of london ' = 8.5 million . 
  population of east mercia ( east midlands ) = 4.5 million . 
  population of west mercia ( west midlands ) - 5.6 million . 
  population of wessex ( south west ) = 5.2 million . 
  population of east anglia ( east of england ) = 5.8 million . 
  population of cumbria ( north west ) = 7 million . 
  population of northumbria ( north east ) = 2.5 million . 
  population of deira ( yorkshire and the humber ) = 5.2 million . 
  with a little boundary fiddling , these regions could become semi-equal ( in population ) administrative regions * people actually care about * . 
   thereby helping the british economy the economy is practically irreverent . 
  better to be poor and happy than rich and miserable . 
   my experience with big cities that social trust is minimal , in general . 
  i 've been to other cities in england , like york . 
  social trust is far higher , not what it * could * be , in a properly functioning nation , but still superior to the abyss that is london . 
   that assumes that immigration is n't intrinsically part of britain , which is of course just denying reality . 
  fucking hell , are people still spouting this shit ? 
  this far into the immigration dialogue , and you 're babbling with bullshit about immigration being ` part ' of britain . 
  that is n't even a coherent concept . 
  to be ` part ' of something , each piece must have a number of similarities ( in this case culture ) to reasonably be a section of a community . 
  immigrants , and therefore immigration , * can not * be ` part ' of britain ; they are obviously not british . 
  moreover , before the windrush , immigration was , objectively , tiny . 
  a few huguenots and germans does not a million make . 
   well , that has its advantages and its disadvantages . 
  advantages = nothing . 
  disadvantages = it 's a terrible place , over all , to live .
