  sure . 
  muslims ( which is the group we 're really talking about ) ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  muslims wo n't integrate into the west because they see western societies as degenerate , therefore if we wanted them to integrate we 'd have to reverse our civilisational course and meet them halfway . 
   oh yes , the `` right side of history '' argument . 
  good thing the politicians can see in the future and can tell us that everything will turn out well . 
  ( current year ), 
  ... why would it be acceptable to the british ? 
    for too long , we have been a passively tolerant society , saying to our citizens : as long as you obey the law , we will leave you alone . 
  it 's often meant we have stood neutral between different values . 
  and that 's helped foster a narrative of extremism and grievance . 
  this government will conclusively turn the page on this failed approach . 
   \\ - david cameron , 2015 i do n't so much mind that he said that , but the values he purports to promote are weak nonsense . 
  i can understand him trying to change the concensus - indeed , it needs to be changed - but not in this way . 
  so what ? 
  inequality is n't bad in and of itself . 
  ah , but not all europeans are greeks . 
   the average european , working minimum wage , living in a tiny appt with 3-4 housemates unsure about his/her future is living a tough life . 
  that 's not a realistic portrait of the average european . 
  oh wait , you 're greek . 
   i love that song . 
  thank you . 
  i surrender . 
  goal goes to england . 
  aha , the gold is ours !, 
   it ca n't be improved . 
  it 's like alcoholic petrol . 
  great tack . 
  damn it , we should 've learnt that you ca n't steal then improve irish things by now . 
  [ same reason as most raiders ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntg50exbbtc ), 
  that is the most irish thing in existence . 
  i want to steal it and make it better . 
  this is a shamefur dispray !, 
   if the succession of teachers in primary and secondary school who successivly , brutalized me , tried to motivate me and generally made my life a misery trying to beat the language into me when i was a schoolchild could n't do it , i doubt even the combined weight of the entire british empire could do so . 
  hahaha , i can really imagine that . 
  children complaining that it 's difficult , and that no one actually speaks it , only to be hit over the head by a teacher for giving into those damn british . 
   if you were looking for something to make the re-invasion of ireland by our old adversary less palatable ( and it 's difficult to actually envisage that to be honest ) doing it to reinstate the irish language is possibly the only thing i can think of which would make it worse . 
  it was only a joke . 
  wait , that was a joke too . 
  -_-  thanks anyway ... 
  always willing to be helpful if you give us your stuff . 
  perhaps we should come back to help you speak irish again . 
  only when you 're off your head on mushrooms . 
   honestly though , if i were a viking plundering god-fearing brits with their shiny monasteries and churches , i 'd put horns on my head . 
  and take shrooms that would make me foam at the mouth . 
  drink a lot of mead . 
  the list goes on from there . 
  then get killed attacking an english burh on your own . 
   it always comes back to some nationalistic xenophobic bullshit . 
  it always comes back to some internationalist multicultural bullshit . 
  do n't like that sentence ? 
  expressing dislike for a concept whilst simultaneously accusing the other person of said concept does n't exactly give much room for civilised conversation . 
   you have no clue about the benefits of the eu . 
  there are none to the united kingdom . 
  the world is expansive , and trade will continue ; only the percentage of trade with the eu will alter . 
  trade with non-eu countries will increase . 
  the economy will shift around to adapt to new tariff conditions . 
   you want to keep the pound you could learn something from the united kingdom 's decision to keep the pound ; it allows us to control our own monetary policy , and thus help us steer our own destiny . 
  like an independent nation , not a lumbering conglomerate that stumbles and trips at every turn . 
   thats what i thought , the underlying problem for you is migration . 
  i ca n't wait till you make a snap decision under the premise of halting the migration flow . 
  good luck buddy . 
  ` ermergerd he mentioned immigration haha what a racist ! ', 
  i mentioned it once , in passing . 
  it 's a good enough reason to leave , but * all * of the reasons are good enough to leave for . 
  the eu has no benefits , so why stay ? 
   out of all the things you said , these are the only two arguments for leaving the eu . 
  any more ? 
  aside from no longer being bound to a sinking customs union ? 
  oh yes , the ability to effectively control our borders so that we can pick and choose who comes into britain . 
  and we 'll no longer have to pay the eu money for membership . 
   `` promise you wont resist our tyrannical extension into your land , the banning of your language and ethnic cleansing ''  this promise ? 
  yep , that promise . 
   i dont care if the uk is out of the eu . 
  it will harm them far more than it will harm the eu . 
  aside from making the eu look weak : ` oh look , an important country just withdrew from the eu . 
  wow , since people are abandoning it i doubt it 's up to much ' . 
  how demoralising . 
  leaving the eu wo n't harm the united kingdom anyway . 
  there are no social benefits , and the world trade organisation keeps tariffs low . 
  the most that will happen is that the market will shift to take into account new tariffs . 
  being deal . 
   scotland or ireland or both will be ours , it will be fun to disappoint you !, 
  ` ireland ' is already yours you nonce ; the republic of ireland had been an eu member for some time now . 
  northern . 
  ireland , on the other hand , dislikes the eu as much as england . 
  you 'll not be getting them . 
  you might get scotland ... and you might not . 
  scots , despite perceptions , are not very pro-eu either . 
   i also cant wait until the neo-liberal shit-hole that you call england will go into an economic slump and beg the eu for some sort of membership . 
  meh , the economy of the united kingdom is improving , and europe is practically static . 
  after an eu exit , britain will no longer be bound to the stupid common agricultural policy and common fishing policy , and the external tariff on all our goods will be lower since we 're no longer in a customs union . 
   you just see england taking over scotland and ireland , then england getting pushed back out every couple of minutes conquering is easy , making the scottish and the irish keep promises is not . 
  it was fun incubating it then smashing it to little bits . 
   the anglo-saxon state was relatively sophisticated and stable with quite a lot of central authority relative to many other medieval kingdoms . 
  the domesday was a survey rather than a set of reforms and reflected the kingdom that william the bastard had acquired rather than made . 
  this is partly because of england 's relative cultural uniformity , whilst france was disperse in comparison . 
  alfred the great 's * burh * reforms also created multiple small towns , loyal to the king , that also doubled as fortresses . 
  the leaders of the burhs could read , and so the king could issue orders and directives himself . 
  thus , the kingdom of england was a centralised state , really , really early .
