  ` perfected ' . 
  too many things to list . 
  one of which , to ... people of certain nationalities who may be reading , was capitalism . 
  ouch , the ignorance is almost painful . 
  a german jew and a german christian in 1920 's germany would be difficult to tell apart . 
  there was no multiculturalism . 
  no , no he is n't . 
  society functions within a framework with moral implications . 
  debate is allowed - fostered , even - within that framework . 
  ... outside that framework , on the other hand ... 
  again , tibet is ** not in china ** . 
  please stop , that 's so cringy . 
  fourredfruitstea is right ; traditionally , the right was about social conservatism - stability , family , patriotism , etc. 
  it mattered less about how that was conserved , economically , more that it was . 
  post-world war two , in the united kingdom , this strain of thought was called ` one nation conservatism ' . 
  only in the 1980 's was the right redefined , some would say for the worse , by margret thatcher and ronald reagan . 
  though thatcher 's reforms were part necessity , part strange-nietzschean ideology . 
  reagan , i know less about . 
  fantastic how the british are just saying , ` colonies , please . ', 
  and you replied with assumptions . 
  ah , i see , you 're telepathic , and have divined that i blame unions for the loss of industry and nothing else . 
  incredible . 
  how did you become a telepath ? 
  were you born so , or did you learn it ? 
  fair enough . 
  oxford , bath , cambridge , leeds and york are doing rather well , to be a counter-weight . 
  oh noes , those poor workers !, 
  let 's blame everything but them , for they are the more pure of us all !, 
  you know why emerging technologies were n't used in nationalised british industries ? 
  trade unions revolted against them . 
  new technology at the time reduced the number of jobs required to do make a product , therefore necessarily laying people off . 
  trade unions did n't like that . 
  also , huge pay rises every few years are not sustainable , unless you consider zimbabwe a model country . 
  trade unions did n't care about that either . 
  reality cuts hard , seemingly especially when you ca n't blame some vague , nebulous , far off rich person . 
  what nonsense . 
  communism is continental , and your society is the one that revolted against its elites . 
  britain has been the most stable and quiet country on the planet past the early modern era . 
  let 's all say thanks to the trade unions for ruining our manufacturing base . 
  ` doing rather poorly ' is , rather , and exaggeration . 
  not floating atop a mammoth sea of cash , interlaced with the poor , would be a more realistic analysis . 
  ah , remember that time i was down voted repeatedly ** for stating the obvious . 
  we 're speaking english . 
  in english , when people say ` god ' , they 're referring to the christian god . 
  oh noes , not the ukip !, 
  they 're so ~ ~ moderate ~ ~ extreme !, 
  god is the greatest by definition ... 
  you said you 're not judging anyone , then say you 're judging people . 
  make up your mind , are you going to have convictions or not ? 
  pretty amusing , by the way , how you seemed offended at concept of passing judgement on someone else . 
  you seriously overestimate the extent to which the people of britain care about nuclear power . 
  in fact , a globescan poll indicated that britons are generally in favour of nuclear power . 
  the government is listening to voters , evidently ; germany is not europe . 
  the idea that ` renewable energy ' being more efficient is absolutely laughable ; nuclear power stations produce power in the magnitude of megawatts , whilst wind power produces mere kilowatts . 
  even hundreds or thousands of wind turbines struggle to compete with a nuclear power station ; they simply make more energy . 
  as to space ; plutonium has no function on the earth . 
  it does , indeed , cost a lot to launch things into space ; it will cost less in the future , and even less if governments decide to eject nuclear waste on mass into outer space . 
  demand will increase , money will be invested and thus costs will go down . 
  the third point is almost nonsensical ; who gives a damn what message we 're ` sending to the universe ' ? 
  nothing else , as far as we know , exists ; if it does , it 'll be a long time in the future . 
  there is an obvious solution to nuclear waste ; space . 
  an infinite dumping ground , and within the next fifty or so years technology will have most likely progressed to such an extent that we can at least eject it out the atmosphere . 
  regardless , your ' 1 million years ' number is utter nonsense ; at most , the high-level nuclear waste has a half-life of 374,000 years , and the lowest has a half-life of 88 years . 
  these are both produced in small quantities ; most plutonium has a half-life of 24,000 years . 
  nevertheless , it can be buried and , if it is left undisturbed , it will degrade harmlessly . 
  there is nothing ` shameful ' about dealing with china . 
  for the economic credibility - and therefore for the welfare of their citizens - britain , like all other nations , will have to deal with china . 
  we can not change their mind , thus we must be pragmatic and live with them , for now . 
    90 % of its territory being barely ihabited canadian tundra , australian deserts or african savannah . 
  india being the only substantial colony , and it alone was nowhere near enough to make the empire the largest in history . 
  at its height the british empire controlled 25.2 % of the world population - at its height persia did 33.4 % . 
  at its height britain had a number of rivals and needed alliances to protect itself . 
  at its height rome had zero rivals and needed no one . 
  stop looking at all the pink on the map and more on the details and context . 
  `` the sun never sets on '' was actually meant for the spanish empire . 
  only much later used for the british one as well . 
  plenty of half-truths , or simply untruths there . 
  rome did have rivals , and did need allies ; it had client kings all across the empire , and the parthians were never far away ... 
  but let 's look at context , eh ? 
  britain came to power in a time when the entire world was being competed over by at least half a dozen powers ; it smashed them all and climbed to the top , despite not having the natural resources of france , or the manpower of russia . 
  it won war after war , steadily grinding down the opposition , as annihilating them was no longer feasible , as in the ancient world . 
  aside from the king 's own regiment , the germans were almost useless , being raised in haste and cheaply . 
  the dutch wellington trusted so little that they had to be separated from each other in case of rebellion - many of them well french-speaking . 
  the ` anglo-allies ' may have fought waterloo and quatro-bras , but the british did the most to win them . 
  i know right ? 
  i 'm sure of we lectured enough , china would stop sending those poor people to the gulags and the communist party would voluntarily disband . 
  ... and replace it with something similar , but less flawed . 
  nuclear energy is the greatest form of energy as of yet harnessed . 
  welcome to the real world ; not everyone is nice . 
  what on earth would refusing to cooperate with china do ? 
  make them change their ways ? ... 
  or laugh ? 
  of course , glorious anglo-saxon race shall always win in the end . 
  glorious ~ ~ british empire ~ ~ britain will always be glad to help you with that ... 
  except there obviously will need to be a need to become a british citizen , if one wishes to vote . 
  that 's the way it 's going to be . 
  huh , no one 's ever thought if that before !, 
  the united kingdom is not actually the bastion of morally relativistic individualism you think it is . 
  historically , the united kingdom has been the absolute opposite of a ` tolerant ' society ; that was , indeed , its strength . 
  people judged others for being wrong and thus through collective peer-pressure created a largely homogeneous society .
