  it 's just stereotyping . 
   so r/kotakuinaction should n't try to stop people from reading sites they disagree with ? 
  please go and tell them to stop suggesting people should n't read kotaku etc because they 're threatening people 's livelihoods and thus your inability to separate political issues from everyday life is highlighted . 
  if a baker expresses racist opinions on his facebook page , it has absolutely nothing to do with the quality of the food he bakes . 
  if a journalist is an ideologue who wants to contort gaming into his or her own image , then it has everything to do with the company he or she works for . 
   i 've always found it funny how english heritage has been treated in the u.s. 
  it 's pretty invisible but at the same time east coast elites and us presidents are almost always english ancestry . 
  why , that 's because we 're the master race , did n't you know ? 
    there is some extent to which not offending others makes sense in my oppinion  slippery slope , my friend . 
  calling someone whom you 've just met a cunt is ... fine ? 
   okay so let 's say you own a business and express racist sentiments on your facebook page . 
  i decide i do n't want to shop at your store anymore and encourage others not to as well ... am i being overly pc or am i allowed to also express my opinions . 
  you 're being overly pc . 
  threatening someone 's livelihood over some comments is attempting to suppress speech . 
   which will also allow blatant racism to exist , remember what political correctness actually means . 
  ah yes , i 'm sure we all forgot that ` political correctness ' actually means ` morality ' . 
  thanks for reminding us . 
   this means people that are going through difficult times are helped . 
  very badly , in most countries , and in such a way that often cripples them . 
  r-right ? 
  he 's very , very clever and also quite ... 
  enthusiastic . 
  perhaps we can have two ? 
  some day prime minister of the united kingdom , one day prime minister of the british empire , and someday after that prime minister of the galaxy . 
   boris would probably make a good prme minister that 's the funny thing . 
  he is clearly a very intelligent chap , and , unlike our current prime minister , is well loved or , at least , not hated amongst the population of the united kingdom . 
   a two tier europe already exists if you do n't want to be part of a federal europe . 
  it 's being outside political union but in the common market a la switzerland and norway . 
  basically , it 's having to accept europe 's ludicrous shit , like the common agricultural policy , but be spared further ludicrous shit . 
  no thanks . 
  [ and there are many more ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9vjzknhp0s ), 
  if that man becomes prime minister ... 
  can not help but feel he is like the british donald trump ... or donald trump is the american version of him . 
  it will be brilliant . 
  [ you here that ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_dqv1xdf-y ), 
  in britain , on the other hand , we pick absurdly late . 
   and i 'm saying maybe the reason our comprehensive education is so bad is because from the moment kids enter the education system they 're being told they 'll be in school for 17 years and need to go to university . 
  i agree that it certainly does n't help , but it 's not the only problem , and most likely not a fundamental one . 
  we have too many people going to university anyway , so ... 
  i 've no idea what that has to do with my comment . 
  they specialise late in secondary school ( high school ) in year 9 or 10 , depending upon the school . 
   so , you ca n't always tell how smart people are in 4th grade . 
  i never said you could , and you also said that they both ended up in the gymnasium , as they should have . 
  i knew , as soon as i wrote what i did , that you would come back with some anecdote and attempt a sort of , * so there * , riposte . 
  no schooling system can possibly cater to everyone ; it is made by humans , and humans are imperfect . 
  therefore , we must design a system that works for the most people most of the time . 
  grammar schools , as hothouses for the exceedingly intelligent , i believe , will be part of that . 
   it 's an inconceivably stupid way of doing things . 
  in germany your `` fate '' is determined in 4th grade . 
  remember how dumb you were in 4th grade ? 
  that 's when we decide who gets to go to university and who will have no future . 
  you sound salty , chap . 
  indeed , i do remember year 4 . 
  i remember , even then , being aware that some of my classmates were intelligent , and that some were not . 
  i also remember that everyone * knew * this too . 
  separating people by ability in year 4 would alter nothing ; everyone , by then , was already aware that some people were more intelligent , and some less so , thus , in our consciousness , we already knew our ` fate ' by that point . 
  what , precisely , that fate would be , however , was still vague . 
   germans segregate the students pretty early . 
  this offcourse has it 's own problems especially if you find out that a student was misplaced in a lower tier because it can be hard to catch up . 
  interesting . 
  i do n't believe it is anything so malevolent , at least in the most part . 
  just middle-class virtue signalling . 
  being against grammar schools mean you oppose hierarchy right !? 
  and that * must * be a good thing , no matter what comes of it ... 
   the problem was that accepted students were almost exclusively middle class ( and above ) so they were seen as reproducing or exacerbating class differences and they were gradually eliminated . 
  what a load of shite . 
  grammar schools accepted thousands upon thousands of working class students who therefore had a greater chance to become eminently successful . 
   the assumption everyone needs a higher education is deeply flawed and kind of patronizing . 
  it 's intellectual snobbery . 
  we 're not talking about higher education , but basic comprehensive education . 
  it 's awful , in parts , for teachers can no longer control their own class . 
  no work can be done if you ca n't get students to listen . 
  what you call simple is not simple at all . 
  both points run counter to the entirety of human history ; therefore , you must * believe * that it is possible not only for hierarchy to not exist in a society but also for humans to be completely malleable . 
  the difference is that right-wing points are as things actually are now , whilst left-wing points are as things * may * be . 
  if , that is , they 're even possible . 
  ergo , one is having faith that something is possible ; the other that things are just as they are . 
  the former requires massive amounts of faith , and thus requires a certain zealotry , and certain intellectual rigourosity to be able to believe such evident nonsense . 
   you do present a good face for petty nationalism . 
  you do present a good face for snotty children who like to espouse platitudes about ` working together ' . 
  polities do n't work like that ; different groups of people hold different worldviews , and they can not be forced to ` work together ' when they do not want to do so . 
  but it would be idiotic to expect people to be rational when it comes to politics - especially when it comes to utopian internationalism combined with politics . 
   i did n't say anywhere not waving or nodding is horrible . 
  however , if you want to know my opinion , not saying a simple ` hi ' to your classmates , is , at least , a bit rude . 
  it was a joke . 
  the british and the french are less likely to be obviously friendly with strangers . 
  ah , the spanish want to destroy their own cultural heritage , it seems . 
  how droll . 
   show me a political conviction that is not pseudo religion . 
  on both sides , right and left , people often use arguments that has no bases on rationale but rather on faith ( be it some vague human right or traditional family model ) . 
  well , the right-wing ( the proper right-wing , not neo-cons ) are pretty simple : - humans are more flawed than they are perfect , and thus require guidance from various sources . 
  - these sources are preferably not the state , because the state is stifling . 
  there is little more to it than that , and multiple different ideas can be added to flesh it out . 
  not exactly a religion . 
   not doing any work . 
  if you think much of the eu is ` work ' , and by that i presume you mean negative things , why on earth do we expose ourselves to this work ? 
  surely if things are bad , we should attempt to improve them ? 
   it is better that they leave and then come back in 10 years when the eu is more complete . 
  in ten years , the european union is more likely to * not exist * than be ` more complete ' .
