   hate to say it but i think your politicians care a lot more about themselves than about greece . 
  we would you hate to say that ? 
  that is the point of a state : to help its people , not others . 
   the advantages are clear , they are just clouded by populist rhetoric in light of the refugee `` crisis '' . 
  cameron for example does not want the uk to leave the eu . 
  he knows the uk would suffer immensely if it came to a brexit and would probably lead to either scotland or ireland leaving to join the eu . 
  i am fairly confident brexit will not be the case , and that the eu will recover . 
  oh look , rhetoric . 
  the united kingdom will be fine outside the eu . 
  it will be fun to disappoint you . 
   i suppose the argument from some would be that killing several tens of millions of people might be an excessive way to show that one is n't stupid . 
  i suppose stupid is n't the world . 
  weak would be a better word . 
  incapable of backing bark with bite . 
   as to retaliating like for like after a single nuclear strike , the potential for escalation seems insane with dire consequences , especially if there are any other options open . 
  i would n't do that either . 
  did you actually watch the documentary ? 
   so ... they decided that if london is attacked with nuclears weapons they will not do anything ? 
  completely retarded , right ? 
  britain will still exist after being hit with nuclear weapons , but we 'd look stupid if we did n't retaliate . 
   nope , the point of this movie is to encourage the british/western audience to think about a question - `` why die for daugavpils ? '', 
  which would inevitably arise in such conflict . 
  on similar theme french anti-war slogan `` why die for danzig ? '', 
  before wwii.https : / / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/why_die_for_danzig%3f that 's absurd . 
  no one was really dying for danzig in particular , but for the alliances that kept the nations of europe in balance . 
  if alliances were n't kept , then the country that did not keep them could not be trusted , and thus could never be trusted in an alliance again . 
   yes , truly fantastic . 
  because there is only one notion of beauty/friendship/leadership ... one attitude towards autorithy/work/relationships with animals ( ? ) ... 
  : the swedish/english/french one ... / s kind of a bit totalitarian tough and not really in touch with the reality of our society where pluralism and freedom are core values . 
  are you so atomised that you can not comprehend national cultures ? 
  of course individuals are ... individuals , but that does n't mean there are not currents of similarities and differences between regions and countries . 
  dear god individualist rhetoric is boring nonsense . 
  all that nuclear is incredible . 
  that 's a fantastic diagram . 
   acadiens ( sic ) were expelled and ethnically cleansed . 
  you mean deported . 
   afrikaners were victims of a holocaust . 
  no they were n't . 
   i 'm so glad about what 's happening to your country , honestly . 
  meh , britain will survive , and thrive . 
  quebec has never even thrived . 
   really only the british , sometimes as a minority they oppressed other european diaspora communities . 
  the acadiens , and the afrikaners were treated like absolute dirt and subject to almost genocidal policies at the hands of great britain . 
  typical of a pretend frenchman to attempt to make such a hilarious remark . 
  acadians were n't treated that badly , and the afrikaners were treated like dirt because they treated others like dirt . 
  they 've a grand tradition of that down on south africa . 
   oh look , a german wanting to be allowed to forget the past !, 
  hard on the gas . 
   [ i 've actually seen people on / r/islam asking about this . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/islam/comments/36uoza/why_do_so_many_muslims_move_to_the_west_instead/ ) made for some interesting reading . 
  some of that is interesting , especially the american muslim convert bemoaning the degeneration of american culture . 
  other comments are just filled with excuses about american foreign policy . 
   it 's a shame that we do n't use any older styles when building these days , instead builders insist on churning out the same orange brick developments anywhere you go in the country . 
  depressing , is n't it ? 
  especially when georgian housing is n't that expensive to build . 
   yep i think it 's about time we burn it down and start again you may say that in jest , but that 's a good idea . 
  the ideal of england is , in the countryside , low rise tudor or jacobethan style housing interspersed with greens and , in the city , it 's mainly neo-pallidian , georgian and neo-gothic housing with large courtyards and plenty of grass and trees . 
  these images are seared into our mind through hundreds of years of culture ... 
  but fewer and fewer places actually resemble it . 
  the effect , i imagine , is a subconscious tendency for various anti-social behaviours ( as living in run-down areas has seemingly be via proven to do ) and a conscious feeling that those who live in such areas are in the ` shit ' part of town . 
  and britain needs a building boom . 
    better to beat the shit out of their navy first and occupy them . 
   that 's actually a typical american idea . 
  somehow you know what the chinese would do ? 
   despite everything the chinese said , dprk is just their bargain to hold the world hostage . 
  pyongyang could n't do anything without the sanction of peking . 
  it 's not a typical american idea , it 's a typical idea for as long as the age of sail to today . 
  and it is indeed true that north korea is basically a chinese puppet , but north korean 's are not the only potential threat in this world . 
   yes because the state of israel existed even before napoleon bonaparte . 
  a few hundred years ago , the united states of america did n't exist either . 
  it 's still not an irrelevant country , just because it 's young . 
   i belive even an occupation by dprk forces is , in all likelyhood , still better than total annihilation . 
  better to beat the shit out of their navy first and occupy them . 
   i do n't think you 're ` shit at them ' . 
  you 've got a lot of other sports to worry about and ` only ' 65 million people to play them . 
   and then you wonder why you sometimes loose against mono-sport countries . .  more generally , i think the english are inventors at heart , not innovators . 
  you make the stuff , others improve on the stuff . 
  the amount of inventions from your island is staggering , compared to other countries . 
  that might be partially because of your empire and its resources . . but it 's also a mentality , a joy in creation . 
   tldr ; i love the brits . 
  ah , thank you , that warms my heart to read . 
  which is good , since it 's raining . 
  makes me weep when i look at bradford . 
   maybe they will form two opposing blocs and fight a war . 
  the irony of it all . 
  the uk will enjoy watching it unfold and then tipping the scales for the people they prefer to win . 
    the main thing is years we have felt safe on the island and our greatest fear was for somebody to unite europe and use it 's resources to invade us . 
   this belief should be ridiculed now . 
  in this era of nuclear rockets , a country once considered as small and irrelevant as dprk and israel can do as much devastating harm to any major power in the world . 
  firstly , israel is not ` irrelevent ' in the least . 
  secondly , if britons have traditionally been weary of invasion , you know , with an * occupying force * . 
  you ca n't occupy a country with cruise missiles . 
   it 's not the way to treat any country , especially when they belong to the same union . 
  was a shitty and rude thing that the british press invented and says how low quality they are . 
  aww , noes , they used an amusing acronym . 
  is so sad , so horrible !, 
  how dare they mock and criticise the mistakes of others through a relevant acronym !, 
   start properly welcoming and providing shelter for what i 've so far only known to be kind , grateful and highly skilled people you must be trolling . 
  they were so kind when they assaulted people in cologne , and they were so grateful when they constantly complained about food , and they are so skilled many of them can not read or write , and what academic and vocational accomplishments they might have most likely wo n't even be valid in europe . 
  face it : they 're an economic drain , and a social problem .
