ah i get you matey . 
  thought there was some super-university in leeds i had n't heard about !, 
   250,000 students studying here both full and part time . 
  are you sure about tha ? 
  most uni 's do n't have more than 40,000 students each, 
  invented football , mostly . 
  oh well , at least they are n't running the country or anything, 
  your super-rich seem to love the uk enough ... 
  nothing wrong with room temperature beer , had a couple of nice german ales that are meant to be drank at it , better then freezing the shite out of it !, 
  you can take our pride , but you 'll never take our pints . 
  it 's worth going to the states just for dunkin fuckin donuts . 
  it makes my heart ache that i 'll never get a coolatta as nice as their coolatta 's . 
  scotland as an englishman , ireland as a briton . 
  on the continent i 'd say netherlands or german for the uk from my experience . 
  in my day to day existence , i come across a larger number of pro-eu than anti-eu but this is just anecdotal . 
  they like some things and dislike other things , just like me . 
  yeah i 'm sure everyone would vote against the membership of what would be the third or fourth largest contributor to the eu mate . 
  you 're opinion is that you find `` it '' grating , you 're stating the arrogance as being a fact . 
   i do n't hate britain at all , just find your arrogance when it comes to europe grating posting rubbish like that on a thread who 's topic has been done to death on here is probably why you are n't getting many quality replies . 
  referring to the mainland as europe is a perfectly alright thing to say . 
  if you 're on the isle of white you 'd refer to the mainland as britain . 
  you can drive at 70mph because there is no one to run over , i 'm yet to see a person in mk , i refuse to believe anyone lives there, 
  yep , just the british focusing on it , http://globalnews.ca/news/1397161/watch-iran-nigeria-kick-off-match-in-unfinished-stadium/, 
  an attack on fish and chips is an attack on the crown, 
  uk - no . 
   to people with as rich cuisine as the world-renowned british cuisine ? 
  ah yes , the old `` counter ignorance with ignorance '', 
  football, 
  football 2 . 
  rugby ( union ) 3 . 
  rugby ( league ) that 's how i view it , probably wrong . 
  do they get suspended too every time they fire a weapon or am i believing one of those daft stories that go around ? 
  this could be why she could n't go to the uk if that is what the deleted comment alluded to - * paragraph 15 of the immigration rules states that the united kingdom , the channel islands , the isle of man and the republic of ireland collectively form a common travel area . 
  a person who has been examined for the purpose of immigration control at the point at which he entered the area does not normally require leave to enter any other part of it . 
  however certain persons subject to the immigration ( control of entry through the republic of ireland ) order 1972 ( as amended ) who enter the united kingdom through the republic of ireland do require leave to enter . 
  this includes : * * those who merely passed through the republic of ireland ; * persons requiring visas ; * persons who entered the republic of ireland unlawfully ; * persons who are subject to directions given by the secretary of state for their exclusion from the united kingdom on the ground that their exclusion is conducive to the public good ; * persons who entered the republic from the united kingdom and islands after entering there unlawfully or overstaying their leave, 
  no that 's a spaceshuttle, 
   so many times its considered a single country only . 
  that 's because it is ? 
   northern ireland - londonderry that 's a brave move, 
  you 're trying to tell me that a state owned company can run the best line in the country with generally cheaper tickets , being quite profitable for the taxpayer and one of the top five rail operators in the country according to which.co.uk ? 
  you 're mad , mad i tell thee, 
  to be fair it 's only an hour longer from edinburgh to london as it is from plymouth to london . 
  and plymouth is an hour from cornwall ... probably, 
  sheffield ignored in favour of , erm , portsmouth . 
  well , it ca n't be much more difficult to understand than your butchery of the glorious english language, 
  i have no fancy language , only pies , lots and lots of pies, 
  not being from york , i 'd say it 's the prettiest . 
  nice and close the shambles too !, 
  york is just generally lovely, 
  reyt good , hendo 's for everyone !, 
  [ sheffield , yorkshire , uk ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lwlvxzn.jpg ) you can usually see the moors up top , but , rain . 
  france , ireland or jersey ( if that counts ) for me . 
  i learnt about dresden in school , i 'm not that old . 
  they 're fantastic at theme parks , alton towers tells you the waiting time so you can see the waiting time going up and up in real time !, 
  i have n't been in a while but the queue for air was incredible , nemesis has the better queue scenery thought with the shrubbery to complain about . 
  where exactly are they blaming other countries ? 
  we need to change the lyrics of our songs now ; `` one small war and one world cup , doo dah , europe ! '', 
  well in lads , joy to watch at this tournament . 
  nice to see a european team win in the americas . 
  nice one , my mate is a host on there . 
  always thought it would only broadcast in afghan though , which was a bit daft of me, 
  was the radio station bfbs ? 
  world class goalie right there, 
  make sure you take a picture of the bill to look all cool and rake in the sweet , sweet reddit karma edit ; word, 
   are you just bitter that a former colony has surpassed you in just about every way imaginable ? 
  the company i 'm on gives me free roaming in 9 other european nations . 
  yes i explained as much on the third line of my comment . 
  not entirely sure what makes me ignorant , so if you could explain then please , proceed , though do n't feel obliged to . 
  you claim that britons would rather claim jsa than work , that 's much the cut and dry of it . 
  the wall of text complaining about misquotes ( of which you are guilty of ) and calling people an `` ignorant piece of shit '' really is n't necessary when you 've openly admitted to believing britons would rather claim jsa than find work . 
  if you could refrain from calling me a `` piece of shit '' that would be grand . 
  what a load of bile you talk , you actually believe britons choose to live on jsa when the sad reality is they 're being undercut by cheap labour from eastern europe , by people who live in shared house with 3 or 4 others , who send money home so that money is n't seen by the british economy . 
  16 year old kids ca n't find work because employers will prefer 20-something workers with experience who 'll work for the same price . 
  you have a toxic attitude towards british people considering you 're living here , earning here and enjoying the benefits afforded to every person living here . 
   if an immigrant who ca n't speak english as well as a brit , works at least as hard as a brit , is n't any more skilled than a brit , and still gets the job ... than i 'm suggesting that the brit is n't doing enough to get a job . 
  it may have something to do with most immigrants working for less than the briton , just a thought . 
  i like how you 've come to the conclusion that people just decide to live at home on jsa , yeah that 's * exactly * how it is , pillock . 
  three are great , went to the us recently and did n't spend a penny when using my phone like i normally would . 
  they 're expanding their service to include france , switzerland , norway and finland on the 1st of july too . 
  it 's nice to have a company that does n't want to fuck you over . 
  edit - full list of european countries for anyone interested ; austria , denmark , finland , france , ireland , italy , norway , sweden , switzerland, 
  what nation are you wanting to shop for ? 
  you 're having a bit of a nightmare on this thread mate . 
  england and the us are not countries in the same sense . 
  the uk and the us are . 
  proof if needed that driving on the left is the correct way, 
  my mates went just after arriva took over and they told stories of drivers taking the buses home with them , did that actually happen ? 
  i last went before the change and they were beautiful buses and ridiculously cheap, 
  knew we had relatively safe roads in the uk thanks to watching top gear , but i never knew they were that safe . 
  their taxi drivers are bloody lethal in malta . 
  i do n't understand this article at all . 
   now , the maths . 
  britain is the third biggest net contributor to the eu budget , after germany and france . 
  in 2012 , we paid in more than # 12bn to the eu 's coffers , of which around # 4bn came back in eu spending on britain . 
  that makes a net contribution of # 8bn , or around # 127 per person . 
  this is literally the paragraph before the table shown above and contradicts the data . 
  maybe i 'm just thick . 
  yes , that 's probably it . 
   we bled to liberate and protect you in the war that sort of attitude is n't going to get you anywhere to be honest .
