  that 's like , almost 100 godz, 
  _ reads ayn rand quote once _  i pay taxes aka protection money to stay out of prison , but that 's it . 
   some people just do n't understand freedom . 
   i 'm in stem where you 're taught to think rationally and do n't let emotions take over for some moral superiority that does n't buy you anything . 
  sometimes these people sound so much like a parody of themselves that i do n't know what 's real anymore . 
  gave me a laugh either way , though . 
  i do n't like that . 
  like , even though i 'm not a turk , part of me just felt my stomach drop . 
  i 've heard of second-hand embarrassment , but this whole `` second-hand shitting myself '' is new and i 'm not a fan . 
  that 's incredibly creepy for anyone , let alone erdogan , to do ( although with him i 'm not sure if i should be surprised or not . ), 
  now this is the language map i needed to see . 
  i expect a follow-up with translations of the noise he makes . 
  german efficiency in its prime . 
  occasionally here , we call them `` y' all-qaeda '' . 
  `` y' all '' is a popular southern word and that area tends to be where we have the most religious places and subsequent beliefs and/or denials . 
  sweden is a lovely country . 
  beautiful scenery ; lots of lakes and forests . 
  ikea , volvo , husqvarna , a decent amount of nhl players , and my personal favorite export ; abba . 
  tall blondes who love weird seafood dishes and coffee . 
  neutral during ww2 but very powerful in the game hearts of iron iv . 
  speaking of hearts of iron iv , paradox is a swedish company and i thoroughly enjoy their games . 
  people either praise or vilify sweden in the us so depending on who you ask , the situation politically is entirely different . 
  as an american , i feel like i 'm too ignorant and removed to comment on it so who really knows !, 
  i do n't live there . 
  \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af something i think is interesting ( at least as a hobby linguist ) : a lot of swedish emigration to the us ( particularly the upper-midwest ) led to our lovely [ minnesota accent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oymml734ews ) . 
  `` i 'm not angry ; just disappointed . '', 
  ya know , i kinda prefer to watch an election blow up in people 's faces from afar . 
  gg may . 
  perhaps i was wrong to think tories would not wave another grenade around to steal some seats ; but frankly i do n't think anyone could have predicted this . 
  a hung parliament ( at least that 's what it looks like now ... it 's 11 pm in the states so i wo n't be up to see the final results ) _ really _ seems neither strong nor stable . 
  i wish you brits nothing but the best of luck now with the next few years of negotiations ; i really do have faith in your resolve . 
  ah , you think your tourists have a reputation for being obnoxious ? 
  i 'm almost certain we 'll be the last anglosphere country invited to eurovision due to this alone . 
  saw this earlier on / r/france and got an archer vibe . 
  i 'm 7 episodes in and yes i still have the archer vibe . 
  lots of running jokes and parody of the time period ; and his suit is just dreadful . 
  relevance at an all time high . 
  fucking quality , mate . 
  macron . 
   however : buses , trams and metro are different in flanders and wallonia . 
  they 're controlled by the regional governments , so different companies . 
  interesting . 
  is brussels its own entity as well or is it lumped in with flanders ? 
   problems are more frequent than one would like ( strikes ... ) typical . 
  jokes aside , paris ' system always impressed me . 
  i feel like most american cities have it a bit easier for planning for a rail network since we 're on a grid pattern and our commercial centers are concentrated in one area ( see : manhattan , the loop , etc. ), 
  whereas paris is certainly not a grid pattern and ( at least to my knowledge ) there 's a few big commercial centers ( and correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  16 lines is mind-boggling . 
   it 's $ 165 per year in prague for bus , metro and tram combined . 
  you can also get a ticket that will include all the zones outside of prague so even if you 're not living in the city you can commute for a very low fee . 
  holy shit . 
  that 's actually incredible . 
  from where my parents live , it costs $ 5 one way for the commuter train from the suburbs , $ 2.25 for each individual ride on the subway , and $ 2 for buses . 
  prague sounds really nice . 
  the town where my university has the same deal for students . 
  there 's actually a fund in my state for transportation in smaller towns ( for me , around 150,000 ) but since we did n't have a budget for 2 years the services would have to stop completely until the company received money from the state separate from the budget . 
  i do love the buses we have here though . 
  free and it gets me to class on time . 
  interesting that tallinn , a much bigger city , does the same thing . 
  i 'm actually glad a viennese responded since i 've always admired the city 's planning and public transport . 
  i know the cta in chicago is a bit notorious for being slow going with delays and improvements and whatnot so that 's refreshing to see . 
  wow . 
  i knew amsterdam was very walkable and loved that about it . 
  it does n't have much in terms of subways and buses , but rotterdam seems almost the opposite . 
  very impressive as well but in its own way . 
  i was actually pittsburgh left-ed yesterday in central illinois !, 
  the light turned green right as the other driver was pulling up to the light and he took the turn at like 30 mph . 
  i told my roommate i had someone pull the pittsburgh left on me and he knew exactly what i was talking about . 
  i see it happen all the time in chicago , too . 
  the whole thing inspired me to make this post . 
  i 've noticed !, 
  i eat dinner around 17h and by 21h i 'm getting cereal at the dining center in my pajamas after doing homework haha, 
  17h is considered mid-afternoon in spain ? 
  when i have classes at university during the school year , i 'm usually eating dinner at that time . 
  i 'm in a sport so 17-17 :30 is when we get out , but even during the summer like now i still eat at 18:30 at the latest . 
  21h is usually the holy 4th meal for students like me : cereal . 
  my french professor bought us some of those biscuits with the chocolate on top to give us an idea of what go\u00fbter is and i can say i 'm thoroughly disappointed it is n't a thing in america . 
  i would n't care if it 's considered a kid thing ; go\u00fbter is awesome . 
  i 've never heard of a bosna and do n't know much about them . 
  what i do know is that i need one right now . 
  god , personal jesus is one of those songs everyone knows of , but it 's always impossible to name it on the fly . 
  the uk 's music scene is absolutely incredible no matter the time period . 
  you 'll be in my thoughts, 
  i feel like it 's an anglo thing as us , britain , canada , and australia have super comprehensive race and ethnicity statistics . 
  you make good points . 
  i personally do n't give a fuck and call myself american either way . 
  pack it up , we 're done here . 
  i think most americans have an issue saying they 're `` american '' as an ethnicity more than anything . 
  for me , 2-3 generations and i 'm completely removed from the us , whereas african-americans have been here for ages but ca n't be considered `` ethnically american '' , but i can just because i 'm white ... ah well . 
  or more than likely they just want to have common ground and make conversation . 
  for example : at what times do you eat ? 
  how many meals are there typically ? 
  which meals are the biggest/smallest/considered the most important ? 
  is fast food big in your country ( or at least relatively speaking to here ) ? 
  how often do people go to restaurants ? 
  i think y' all get the idea . 
  thanks !, 
  in the us , a [ pittsburgh left ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pittsburgh_left ) is when a driver quickly makes a left when they 're supposed to yield to oncoming traffic when the light turns green at an intersection . 
  does your country have a specific name for this ? 
  how did it come about ?
