a country that truly has stood the test of time . 
  even though i 'm not in europe , i know the profound impact the uk has had on the continent ; hell , my country absolutely loves your culture , too . 
  you gave us royal babies , great tv , a language we speak , and 3 terrific simon pegg movies . 
  while i disagree with brexit , i want nothing more than to see the uk succeed . 
  as they say in polandball comics : you 're the best dad a country could ask for . 
  edit : also your flag is awesome . 
  one of the two hanging in my room !, 
  any comment i made that even slightly alluded to that fact that trump was not , and i quote , `` a guaranteed win '' , i was well beyond -10 . 
  perhaps it was my flair , perhaps i got caught in the wrong thread , who knows . 
  i know that i was hit hard by the / r/europe trumpeters, 
  alright / r/europe , i was wrong . 
  i thought it was right to think bernie could win without super delegates . 
  i thought it was right to think trump could n't make it past the primaries . 
  i thought it was right to think hillary would steamroll to a relatively comfortable victory . 
  and i thought it was dumb to get downvoted for saying `` brexit polls were closer therefore trump chances are incredibly slim '' . 
  but you know what ? 
  i 'm glad i 'm wrong . 
  ever since i decided to study history , politics , and french at uni , my worldview has changed . 
  a world exists outside of the us . 
  a world exists where i 'm wrong , a lot . 
  and now , a world exists where donald trump , who i mocked with my dad years ago on tv , will be called `` mr. president '' . 
  i love this community , i love europe , and despite what happens , i will try to love my home . 
  take this victory , / r/europe . 
  with every ounce of saltines and angst in me , you were right . 
  and now time to study for a test i have in 7 hours . 
  goodnight . 
  but by then it 's monday so does the owner have the option to turn back assuming the elements have n't gotten to them ? 
  posh donald would make this year a little less unbearable . 
  perhaps if he had the queen 's english his voters would think he 's a feudal colonizing europoor who ca n't into large country or something like that . 
  but was there actually a fight ? 
  i read on bbc that he was having seizures the last time i looked . 
  i read that he had seizures and his brain was bleeding . 
  did people really throw hands at an eu parliament session ? 
  i just hope the people who think brexit will be negative , myself included , will be proven wrong . 
  in no way should i or anyone else wish a doomsday scenario on such an influential country like the uk . 
  i 'm not british so i 'll let them do their thing . 
  then again i 'm not a european ... ah well we have our own problems to deal with . 
  hooray !, 
  enjoy the day and let it be filled with day drinking and illegal fireworks !, 
  best way to celebrate a national holiday imo . 
  anyway , happy reunification day germans . 
  my mother actually has a piece of the berlin wall and has raved about how nice your ( now unified ) country is . 
  enjoy the day off and another year of unified germany ! ^ ( looking at you austria ), 
  upvoting purely because of abba, 
  kraft mac and cheese is the shit . 
  anything that calls for half of a stick of butter is worth the , like , 10 minutes it takes to make . 
  classic staple of the college diet in america . 
   the term , `` far-right '' has been used to describe right-wing populist ideologies known for opposition to immigration and nationalism  far-right politics sometimes involves anti-immigration and anti-integration stances towards groups that are deemed inferior and undesirable not trying to start a fight nor am i disagreeing with a reform on immigration , just making an observation . 
   he 's never even held elected office do n't remind me haha . 
  people here seem to think that this somehow makes him more qualified . 
  honestly , i think the worst thing that 's going to happen in this election is the fact that we _ almost _ elected trump . 
  north carolina is currently projected as blue , which is weird since it has only happened twice since ' 64 . 
  but hey , this really is n't about us politics . 
  the main point is that far-right politicians and ideas are getting people to vote for the first time . 
  whether we agree with it or not , it 's interesting . 
  some political science professors held a panel at my university on trump 's election thus far ( i think it was in april at the time ) and that was one of the main points ; trump was getting huge numbers of first time voters to the likes that they really have never seen , especially for the primary . 
  i feel like the mantra these parties/people put on gets people to ( pokemon ) go to the polls . 
  however , i 've been telling people that i think this will be one of the lowest voter turnouts in any election despite this . 
  eh , what do i know . 
  november will be interesting and france 's upcoming election will be too . 
  invest now before extraterrestrials do, 
  i know that , it 's more of a case of `` whoever did it is the one we blame '' . 
  i 'm sure if kennedy had a similar fiscal platform than reagan , which i 'm not sure of , we would be complaining about kenneconomics today . 
  every economics teacher and professor i 've had throughout my education has thoroughly denounced and criticized reaganomics . 
  the problem has been going on way before obama had any say . 
  i guess , but i figured germany would be a bit more desirable . 
  whereas we have canada and a ton of spanish neighbors . 
  i shit you not when i say 90 % of americans take spanish as a minor or general foreign language . 
  idk where i 'm going with this , i 'm just surprised german is n't perceived as more useful . 
  from an american standpoint , spanish is a lot more useful for us than you guys . 
  unless holiday is that important to y' all . 
  the name is `` godblessusa123 '' and only has posts from really recent . 
  i 'd put my money on troll or trumpeter . 
  and they 're right , we deserve these candidates as the general population is either disinterested , uninformed , or thinks obama is literally communist muslim hitler . 
  i could go on but this sub does it enough for me . 
  you can never be too prepared, 
  the town where my university is in has over 100,000 people and my friends still make fun of me for living in a `` corn-shucking shit hole '' . 
  the corn part is true though, 
  believe me , i 'd rather do that too, 
  chicago ( suburbs ) here . 
  july is always the worst it seems . 
  wait , hold on . 
  the uk found a way around the geneva convention stuff , but it 's only stable as long as they 're in the eu ? 
  for fucks sake , why is this the first time i 'm hearing about this ? 
  if anything that 'll just increase the syrian/iraqi migrants , right ? 
  what the fuck . 
  you french are our oldest ally and it saddens me to see this happen to a truly beautiful country . 
  i thought i saw something about hollande wanting to end the state of emergency or something ( forgive me if i 'm wrong ) but i doubt things will settle down any time soon . 
  [ france is strong ] ( https://twitter.com/fhollande/status/753771279845625856 ) . 
  we 'll be there for you all even from across the pond !, 
  i want to get off mr. cameron 's wild ride, 
  yeah i completely forgot that . 
  my mistake, 
  ah okay that makes more sense . 
  so enlighten this american : what does this mean for the uk and should the british who voted leave be concerned ? 
  boris seemed to really appeal to them , but will the new candidates ~ ~ fulfill his promises ? ~ ~ edit : i completely forgot haha . 
  this is the first thing i 'm doing since waking up . 
  apologies, 
  i do n't understand his logic . 
  the uk will not be able to just will the eu to follow whatever he wants .
