  the eu may be a bit broken in some areas , i 'm not denying that , but those in it are n't stupid ; not even a bit . 
  i feel like he 's trying to show countries that the eu has to bend at their will and voting leave is a viable option , whereas the eu will have their own interests in mind . 
  and when it comes down to it , the largest single market will get what they want . 
  i 'm on board for sexit, 
  fuck it we 're making texas independent, 
  it 's a bit scary , sad , and eerily similar, 
  and when we stole a third of their country to make 7 of our states and part of an 8th . 
  yes , but no . 
  western/south western . 
  i do have family on the north side/northern suburbs so it is similar . 
  after googling it , they seem like the same thing , just different names . 
  makes sense that the poles may have called it different than the ukrainians , though . 
  interesting . 
  my high school in particular was in an area of a lot of recent ukrainian immigrants so i knew a lot of ukrainians growing up . 
  they were all really nice people and would n't mind letting us try part of their peculiar lunches ( ca n't remember what it was exactly . 
  not a pierogi ... or maybe it was ? 
  i live in illinois , so we have a lot of polish kids too that would have pierogis ... i probably need to brush up on my slavic cuisine ) . 
  i ran cross country/track in high school and there were at least 3 or 4 different pure-blooded , very fast people in the state we nicknamed ukraine train lol . 
  as for the country , it 's ... interesting . 
  kiev and [ lviv ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jpim129.png ) seem like cool cities . 
  politically ... yeah ... anyways on a lighter note , i do want to visit one day !, 
  i feel like the country has a lot of cool things to see and do . 
  eisenhower is considered a great president by many and served as a break from the new deal coalition . 
  in an / r/askreddit thread on who one wants to be president , the first answer was eisenhower , and a reply was `` a , so you _ do _ want another coup . '', 
  iirc , 3 american backed coups during his presidency , including iran since the uk was frustrated truman ( president before ) was hesitant to do it . 
  and then you throw in a few government changes for freedom ^ ( tm ) from truman and presidents after eisenhower and then one can see why we 're seen as the baddies . 
  give awp, 
  you 'll never win with people like op . 
  `` they never integrate ! '', 
  and `` look how many people are trying to learn the native language ! '', 
  holy shit the east/west germany divide gets me every time . 
  i know it 's there but i 'm always taken back by it . 
  me : `` he knows it 's called ` netherlands ' for a reason , right ? '', 
  me 5 seconds later : `` past me knows he used ` highest ' as a pun , right ? 
  wrong . '', 
  why are we like this, 
  poland stronk, 
  i 'm so sorry, 
  ouch . 
  right in muh feels . 
  have you seen donny 's ambassador pick ? 
  he wants to `` tame '' the eu as he did to the ussr . 
  it 's ridiculous and outright malicious . 
  i know it , you know it , everybody knows it . 
  was n't may against brexit before the vote ? 
  i 'm sure donald fucking trump reassuring something she was against will work out makes her feel _ really _ good . 
  _ bigly _ good , actually . 
  do you think they want alaska back too ? 
  and they all look just the same, 
  if by working she means crippling a european power 's capital and being symbolic of the oppressions of communism , then yes , it worked . 
  but really , how insensitive can one be ? 
   finland is too rich for that shit c'est la vie . 
  count your blessings for living in a well-developed nordic country that does n't need _ as much _ ( because you still get returns from your investments , directly and indirectly ) . 
  not everyone has that opportunity . 
  that 's how the eu works . 
  finland can get grants and projects just the same . 
  jokes on you , they 're actually from mississippi . 
  haha dontron wins again ! ^ / s, 
  reminds me of our own holiday train in [ chicago ] ( https://youtu.be/2jp1y8hqsfs ) sadly the stations in moscow and saint petersburg are much more elegant , though :(, 
  i hope you edit in the running total of my fellow countrymen getting their jimmies rustled . 
  look at any chart comparing oecd countries and homicides and anyone can see we 're _ way _ behind . 
  i 've seen it all : `` it 's not fair to compare these countries . '', 
  fuck off it is n't , it 's the best and only logical comparison . 
  `` most are purchased illegally . '', 
  even if guns are purchased illegally , the fact i can go to walmart and buy guns , plural , for like , $ 200 has a lot to do with the amount in circulation . 
  `` guns make people safe . '', 
  i 'm from chicago . 
  60 people were shot this weekend , 12 fatally . 
  no really , tell me how having more guns will make this safer . 
  i 'm waiting . 
  read above . 
  god damn i hate this country sometimes . 
  let 's lower the flags every december to remember the 20 little kids shot in school but shut down any legislation for even the smallest and most sensible improvements . 
  we learned the term `` salad bowl '' in school at a relatively young age . 
  no love for an independent state speaking romansh, 
  to be honest i did n't know who you were but you had the coolest username so i chose you . 
  you 're welcome . 
  our new vp-elect supports government funds being used towards conversion therapy sooooo ... 
  krampus is up to no good again ... 
  here 's something for you : uk : conservatives are center-right . 
  they 're no where near left of center . 
  never called far-right . 
  read a book, 
  never seen a more graceful way to put on a sweatshirt, 
  mate , i 'm even in the us and i 'm angry about that answer too . 
  it 's because of media , on both sides . 
  cnn and fox are both guilty of it so no matter what your preference is , you hear it 's a huge problem . 
  our troubling healthcare , student debt , the environment , corruption , etc. 
  all take a backseat to what gets headlines . 
  see : flight mh370 coverage . 
  not saying terrorism is n't bad at all , just saying within the us , we do n't need to worry about it as much as you euros . 
  but really , is anyone surprised ? 
  iirc he had some terms set for himself for reelection and he did n't meet them . 
  who 's going to run for the socialists ? 
  or is it pretty much guaranteed for fillon/le pen ? 
  bah , greater romania and all that jazz . 
  shows just how much i know about romanian culture i 'm afraid ( if you want to be associated with said moldovan pop band i guess ), 
  the only romanian i know is `` dragostea din tei '' so i 'll say it in english instead . 
  wooo happy birthday to the only rightful successor to the roman empire ! ^ please ^ do n't ^ kill ^ me ^ italians may your country live long and prosper !, 
  i 'm into it,
