third amendment ? 
  housing soldiers in our homes without permission ? 
  you guys know no end to your villainy , do you ? 
  union of soviet socialist republics on the list hahah, 
  not just foreign he does it to russians too , unless you 're putin 's friend he 'll find ways to steal your money and assets too . 
  he saw oil money and could n't bear the thought of it in other 's hands russian or not , he did n't care unless it was one of his guys . 
  it started with yukos , and since then a downward spiral that has been accelerating . 
  this is old data , judging by how quickly the american public has shifted on marijuana legalization i question how much really you can take away from this . 
  ours does here in the us . 
  i remember reading one of the drinking water quality report things they mail out at my parents house , it had a list of things they put into the water . 
  there was a list of epa approved levels for chloroform , and bromoform , and explained that they add chlorine and bromine to the water to disinfect it . 
  most of the chicken i buy in the us is brined and plumped up to make it bulkier , i 'd actually kind of prefer some rules to reduce the bloat . 
  of course not , popularity does n't mean it 's good , like i prefer seth macfarlane 's stuff on fox over almost anything on cbs . 
  that 's how we dub translations in most things , that are n't like full length miyazaki films . 
  it 's so you know the subject does n't speak english , but here 's what they 're saying . 
  haha dude , big bang theory consistently is the # 1 show ratings wise in the us, 
  that 's cool i did n't know that , i just learned today from wikipedia , they even had it in canada . 
  it makes me happy , i love netflix and i want them to succeed . 
  i knew about canal + as france 's hbo a while ago , but like you i did n't know netflix opened in scandinavia and other european countries already . 
  the idea is not that it ca n't be amended , the idea is that you need nearly unanimous support to amend it . 
  it 's widely thought that the founding fathers were pretty smart , and had incredible foresight , to envision a system of government , and law that was right for the late 1700s and would be well into the future . 
  so far it 's been true , it is not `` set in stone '' but we believe it has tremendous wisdom that applied then , and applies now . 
  the constitution is actually a living document , and it has been amended to keep it current . 
  i kind of agree , even though i 've never experienced homophobia , i do know that even in the `` west '' there are still some people or places where rampant homophobia lingers . 
  it 's better to have a few places where people who wish to utilize them can go and feel safe . 
  while maybe for you or me , a gay retirement home ( or insert other lgbt space ) sounds dumb . 
  that 's not cool dude . 
  why is it that you never hear a us citizen say things like i do n't like austria , but it 's common for europeans to hate all of us americans :-(, 
  and those would be ? 
  google is not a monopoly , you can easily change your default or type in a new url . 
  you act like there are no other search engines in existence when in fact there are several . 
  and what are you even talking about solvong the main problem first , google is n't even near monopoly status in the us ? 
  who is stopping europeans from creating their own digital enterprises ? 
  you have cern yet you have not a single person with the creativity and talent to author a web crawler , and database software to create a better search engine interface than google 's ? 
  i can read between the lines the whole waging war part and `` getting a grip '' is all about where these companies are headquartered , nothing else . 
  if you want to incentivize european creativity and innovation that 's fine , but specifically selecting and singling out american companies as the ones that need to be dealt with and i read that as controlled and mildly tolerated or eliminated , is a huge affront to the idea of the internet itself , and the concepts of free trade and openness . 
  so it 's about market value ? 
  then really the headline is misleading , because it 's not about europe being a `` colony '' at all , it 's about abusing corporations because they are domiciled across the atlantic . 
  so in reality it 's not about them not being european , it 's about them not paying tribute ? 
  the headline is misleading then , instead of couching it as europe becoming a `` digital colony '' it should say , it 's not fair that our tax laws make it so these american companies do n't have to pay taxes !, 
  spotify , pirate bay , dailymotion , thenextweb ? 
  i guess those are n't european anymore ? 
  most of us wholeheartedly agree with you !, 
  i 'm part of the group , and i do n't want a centrally planned economy . 
  i do n't know of many who are pushing for a fully realized marxist state . 
  regulation , and fairness are what we want , and in this country those are considered socialist . 
  it would be great to have a government more worried about me , than business . 
  it would also be great if there was someone to check all these mega sized corporations whose only goal is to pillage my wallet . 
  your bias is showing through . 
  and you did n't even answer my question just went on a rant about protestantism and how americans are bad . 
  i have n't actually even been able to find an answer . 
  so i 'll probably read through the us privacy act and see just what `` rights '' are being extended . 
  are they talking like 4th amendment , because i 'm at pains to think of what `` privacy rights '' we have enshrined in law here ? 
  who are you telling to piss off ? 
  the article was an opinion piece by a german , on deutsche welle ? 
  first dude using a slur like `` muricans '' is just trashy , and unbecoming . 
  second what amazing products do you think you 'll all of the sudden start getting that you ca n't get now ? 
  europe , north america , japan , and korea do n't really have much in the way of trade barriers with each other any longer . 
  these deals are usually over the last and most minute details , that have n't been covered by wto negotiation and agreement , and more importantly to formalize and finalize integration between individual states . 
  it does n't really have anything to do with getting new european products , because you 're already getting them . 
  i knew it felt really familiar , but i could n't put my finger on it . 
  i 'd give them a little credit for the cool beards though . 
  i detected more of a 30 seconds to mars feel . 
  either way i liked it , good call finns !, 
  maybe 6 . 
  don whitbread makes up for it, 
  you only have to register once unless you move , or change your address . 
  it 's really not any more difficult than filling out a form and mailing it in usually with prepaid postage or dropping it off somewhere . 
  it sounds different but , ok to me , i can conceive a sentence that sounds correct saying * `` today , we are speaking on politics of the european union . 
  '' * and it sounds correct to my native english ears . 
  yeah they have free federal filling website that you can `` e-file '' completely electronically . 
  one tiny addition at least for the us is that you can choose your withholding amount . 
  so they either take more or less out for your taxes based upon what you think you 'll do at tax time based on dependents and stuff . 
  the forms themselves are pretty complex , but there are tons of solutions that make it pretty easy . 
  i used turbotax last year this year i used some random website my bf uses . 
  answer about 20-30 questions , pay like $ 15 to file state too and everything is electronic . 
  i 've never had to amend anything or use an extension , but i 'm only 26 so maybe as i get older ? 
  every picture i 've seen of estonia makes me want to visit . 
  after reading that , i 'm beginning to feel kind of proud of nato . 
  a lot of the people i know do n't have high opinions of nato and think of it as either a huge waste of money that we need to drop out of , or think it 's a tool of the military-industrial complex , and we need to drop out of it . 
  but the language , tone , and style in there actually makes me feel like maybe nato is pretty worthwhile . 
  in order to meet or exceed the capacity of the trans-atlantic and trans-pacific cables you 're going to need to invest an extraordinary amount of money building over ground fiber optic lines . 
  the reasons the connections are routed through the us is because that 's where the capacity to transport that data exists , it does n't exist connecting europe to asia going east . 
  had to google that , never heard it before , hahah . 
  but yes i know of the americans wearing socks with sandals especially at disneyland . 
  the only difference is in the us the socks are white ;-), 
  the confederate flag was odd , but the weird part for me was the socks with sandals on the guy at the car door , totally freaked me out !, 
  does n't matter , the second you surf to reddit , facebook , youtube , you 're outside and the data will be snooped . 
  this will be a nice intraeuropean network , but say goodbye to all your american , british , and any other non-schengen friends , they 'll all be out here on the real internet . 
  if one is that worried about privacy now , why are you on the internet anyway ? 
  so you completely missed the costco story ? 
  the americans were mad because the canadians come down and buy up all the milk because the us gov ' t subsidizes our dairy farmers and it 's way cheaper down here . 
  yeah kinda trending towards the immature overreaction side . 
  i 'm guessing he missed the story about the costco in washington state , that is overrun by canadians from bc , so much so that the locals started a facebook group calling for something like `` american citizen only '' hours . 
  the us senate did nothing regarding puerto rico , literally nothing , there 's no refusing or rejecting . 
  the puerto rican plebiscite was viewed with suspicion because the opposing parties did all kinds of weird campaigning where abstaining was supposed to be considered a no vote or something . 
  the reported news is that the federal government of the us is taking it 's time on the issue , but no rejections have been issued yet . 
  is n't there an easy fix around this ? 
  just have the legislature/executive give itself the power to use sanctions in diplomatic situations , regardless of evidence , and then the court issue becomes moot . 
  http://korbel.com/default.aspx korbel makes champagne .
