  it 's not only 2/3 of the congress it then requires 3/4 of the states to ratify through their respective legislatures or by referendum , or it requires a constitutional convention with 3/4 of the states ratifying . 
  it 's a huge hurdle to overcome . 
  yeah it 's easy in deutschland you 'll have only . de and then you 'll be `` safe '' from nsa by not being able to surf to us websites . 
  i do n't think it 's exactly secret , is it ? 
  every country does what it is in it 's own interest and only that which is in it 's own interest . 
  that 's what i think . 
  it 's not like you can only have one best friend . 
  and i 'm curious are the british so distraught now they 're prepared to end ukusa and all the other joint anglo-american programs ? 
  we love ireland !, 
  haha nice stereotype , i ca n't say more nice things about the french people i met . 
  of course they were parisian and all under twenty seven , but one girl owned more hollister stuff than i do . 
  it 's been a debacle for a while now . 
  but france is a good partner , and if when all is said and done , we end up with a greater relationship with france well , better beaches in french polynesia than in the falkland islands right ? 
  that 's one point of view , and it is entirely possible mr. kerry was trying to make that point but is it really a zero sum game ? 
  ca n't we be strong allies to the uk and to france ? 
  strengthening our relations with france can only bring good . 
  i 'm not in favor of the us doing things unilaterally ever , further kindling our relationship with france is a good thing !, 
  slap in the face ? 
  we love the british , but when it comes down to it the americans and the french are pretty similar people . 
  both extremely proud , both stubborn , both came through bloody revolutions to found their respective republics . 
  saying france is an old strong ally is n't slapping the uk in the face it 's a fact . 
  haha freedomlish ? 
  i think we should just go with american . 
  it kind of rolls right off the tongue . 
  france + usa = a good match . 
  when i visited france i loved it , so i 'm happy to see franco-american relations improve . 
  on the topic i agree using technology and munitions rather than manpower to accomplish the task should be the way forward , and no boots on the ground engaged in fighting . 
  obligatory mention lol http://satwcomic.com/just-a-number, 
  i did n't even know there was such a thing as a slavophile !, 
  wow , internet learning everyday !, 
  i hope the baltic nations , and georgia are just looking at russia and saying deal with it . 
  i ca n't imagine being next to a country that just likes to come in and take over the place every so often would be thought of fondly . 
  echelon is n't the us though , it 's `` five-eyes '' ( ukusa ( uk , can , us , aus , nz . ) ), 
  so if your enemy is `` echelon '' your enemy is already in your proverbial eu house . 
  i like the last sentence because they 've already commented and you come away with the clear message that it does n't matter how many people are arrested and jailed , be they russians , tourists , athletes , they do n't care and will discourage or block any attempt at a boycott because their only motivation is money and the success or non-failure of their signature winter event , that being the 2014 winter games . 
  my first thought was `` they 'd be right . '', 
  the quote says * the financial core of the marshall plan was something much , bigger , an enormous sovereign debt relief programme * so i 'm not sure how you come away from that saying that 's was n't part of the marhsall plan ? 
  i wo n't be as brash to say that the entire economic miracle was due to the marshall plan , but i will say that without the marshall plan ( including the debt relief ) it would n't have happened at all . 
  for the lazy who do n't want to click they are a right wing , neo-con think tank . 
  it would n't be as funny if we had n't learned that european governments are pretty involved in the program too . 
  if that 's what you want to believe that 's up to you , however an economics professor laid it all out recently , it was posted here but ignored by most . 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2012/06/economic-history ? 
  `` the financial core of the marshall plan was something much , bigger , an enormous sovereign debt relief programme . 
  its main beneficiary was a state that did not even exist when the marshall plan was started , and that was itself a creation of that plan : west germany ... german internal wartime statistics suggest that when calculated at more realistic rates , transfers from europe on clearing account were actually closer to 90 % of germany 's 1938 gdp . 
  to this adds germany 's official public debt , which internal wartime statistics put at some 300 % of german 1938 gdp ... here is where the marshall plan comes in . 
  recipients of marshall aid were ( politely ) asked to sign a waiver that made u.s. marshall aid a first charge on germany . 
  no claims against germany could be brought unless the germans had fully repaid marshall aid . 
  this meant that by 1947 , all foreign claims on germany were blocked , including the 90 % of 1938 gdp in wartime clearing debt '' the economic miracle would not have been possible had the marshall plan not been invoked , as germany would have been paying reparations for generations to come . 
  what ever green shoots there were they would have been destroyed by the reparations germany would have had to pay back to everyone around them and to the united states for causing one of the most brutal and destructive wars in history . 
  the fact is that without the marshall plan , germany would have been relegated to a non-industrial , backwater wasteland , while the rest of europe barely limped along , until another leader came along rearmed germany and the whole cycle repeated itself , or all of europe would have been subsumed into the soviet union , and the iron curtain would have extended to the atlantic ocean . 
  none of those reasons warrant open warfare , however the attack on pearl harbor did . 
  and here i was thinking it was mainly about what happened on 7 december 1941 , my goodness . 
  how does that work when the reason european companies are so successful today is because of the money invested in europe after they tried to flatten each other and destroyed almost all the infrastructure ? 
  * `` the united states fought japan in the second world war primarily over conflicting economic interests in china '' * ohh ? 
  look man i 'm sorry you feel like this is stupid , i just do n't get the point you 're trying to get to ? 
  my danish heritage is important to me , just as much as my american is . 
  danish history is longer but that does n't make it qualitatively `` better '' than american . 
  my danish family lives the same type of lifestyle i live in the us , we drive cars , eat the same foods , watch the same stuff on television and at the cinema , tell me how what happened in 1219 effects daily life in 2013 ? 
  there is nothing not to get . 
  stuff that happened to danes in the year 700 is interesting , fun to know and learn about , but has absolutely no impact on my life today at all . 
  study history , learn from it , do n't live in it . 
  you ca n't live in the past . 
  today 's denmark is a member of europe and the world , and in order for that world to work we need to learn from each other , cooperate , and join together to form strong alliances and keep peace , not divide ourselves up into warring factions . 
  english does n't have gender it has animate and inanimate . 
  you do n't have to `` throw away '' your languages , but understanding why they exist is part of understanding europe as a whole . 
  because china is really only interested in stealing trade secrets . 
  at least they have n't started droning people yet !, 
  wow i 'm so impressed to meet someone who has been alive for at least 1,000 years !, 
  if you have n't and you 've actually only been alive for a couple decades at most , then your points are mostly irrelevant . 
  we are shaped by our communities not ancient history . 
  now more than any time in the past we should be recognizing this . 
  i was born in denmark to a danish mom and an american dad , he moved us to the us when i was 1 , let me tell you , i feel equally danish and american , and intensely proud of both . 
  the times i 've spent in denmark were fantastic but no more than the times i 've spent in the us , there is n't a `` deeper '' culture in denmark just because it 's old , mainly because no one alive today was alive when denmark was founded , same as the us no one alive today was alive when the us was founded . 
  all this one upping each other and bickering about this shit is so stupid , europe has many different languages because the people were marauding tribes killing , raping , and destroying each other , not cooperating that 's why they all refused to settle on a common language not because they 're so emo , and `` unique '' to each be special little flowers . 
  you ca n't win bro , they 'll just dogpile you and bring up stupid things like how old their buildings are even though they were n't around when they were built , and finally tell you how fat and stupid all americans are, 
  no , but this will lead to nation specific , or in the case of the eu trade bloc specific networks , with each severed from each other and national equivalents of american sites like facebook , twitter , and reddit , popping up . 
  so now anti-semite as well as anti-american , nice, 
  who is downvoting this ? 
  europe would be pastoral , and mainly agricultural without the rebuilding help the us gave to europe after wwii , anyone who denies that is a moron and does n't know their history . 
  hehe i only knew about it through my mom , she 's danish . 
  i was born there but moved to the us when i was just like a 1 year old . 
  i actually wish there was more european , or actually nordic stuff available here as everything i 've seen has been so good !, 
  i 'll have to start looking for finnish stuff too , although i ca n't even begin to understand finnish , my danish is super bad like we 're talking toddler level , lol . 
  i was n't singling out finland , the nordics are very good with having open marketplaces , the rest on the other hand are the ones that stifle choice . 
  the television thing was an eu directive i think , was n't it ? 
  while i disagree with the `` quota '' i understand why some people would want it , although i think commercial television or maybe premium pay television should be left to operate however they see fit , as it is now the system can be gamed to produce `` domestic '' content for dirt cheap and then they can force the broadcasters to air it , even if it 's terrible . 
  well the masses like crap . 
  hollywood works by making stuff that appeals to the broadest range of people , and now with asia becoming the next hot market expect more junk from hollywood to appeal to people who ca n't speak english , so will rely on explosions , fights , and weapons . 
  even to the dismay of many americans and native english speakers . 
  i think governments should take an active role in cultivating their respective creative industries , i however disagree with creating a restricted marketplace that stifles consumer choice . 
  i saw a tatort with a friend of mine filling me in on the gist of what the dialog was , and it was surprisingly good !, 
  that 's inevitable though the masses like crap . 
  and lest we forget france has just as much crap on tv as the us does ( les ch ` tis , lbesp , les anges ... ), 
  you just said yourself `` probability that someone outside finland would be interested in a film about...say...never-good farmers in 19th century finland feuding over a girl , talking obscure dialect '' there 's an easy solution to that and it 's do n't make extremely obscure films if you 're expecting to profit . 
  art should be produced for the sake of art not for the sake of the bottom line . 
  i have no problem with governments subsidizing their national creative industries actually culture and heritage should be at least partially state funded it 's a good thing , i do have a problem with quotas and restrictions and an unfair marketplace that restricts choice . 
  if the finnish film industry made films that finns wanted to see over you know generic marvel comic movie part 5 , then we 'd be having an entirely different conversation , instead they are making h\u00e4rm\u00e4 elokuvan and forcing finns to see it by just closing out the theater to anything else . 
  edit : the imagery in the trailer is pretty good , except for that fact that it 's in finnish , why would it need protection ? 
  good stuff has a way of becoming known usually by word of mouth . 
  there 's some ok stuff , i 'm pretty boring with my music taste but like youssoupha , booba , even the cheesy orelsan are making some pretty good stuff .
