  i was wondering when ttip would get around to the bull that is pdo , pgi , and tsg . 
  of course the europeans simply use this as another excuse to bash americans . 
  rather than insisting on some draconian name changes , why not just mandate a made in ... sticker or label . 
  if someone wants imported parmesan they 'll seek it out , if they do n't want to spend the extra they 'll buy the kraft version , it 's pretty simple . 
  mickey mouse is a \u2122 ( registered trademark ) of the disney corporation . 
  pdo , pgi , and tsg are similar to registered trademarks but are not , they are appellations . 
  i do n't know why the cheese makers , bakers , or whatever did n't just form groups and actually get real trademarks , they could have prevented all of this bullcrap . 
  well to be honest , i 'm not terrified of gmo crops , there has n't been enough evidence of harm to worry me , but i try to buy organic when it 's available . 
  and , it 's pretty widely available now , not just in whole foods , or trader joe 's you can find organic in target , in ralphs , in safeway , it 's all over , so it 's not that people do n't have a choice and are dumb , it 's that they just do n't really care . 
  it 's good that you have enough space and time to grow your own food , i do n't , my parents house was a zero lot line neighborhood , and my apartment 's balcony is on the west side of the building so i can only really grow a single tomato plant , haha . 
  you just have to care first of all , and then be knowledgeable and vigilant , and because we have a large enough market there are retailers that understand and respond to people who want to be gmo free , such as whole foods . 
  in fact here 's a page that explains it . 
  http://www.wholefoodsmarket.com/about-our-products/product-faq/gmos if you cared about eating non-gmo you would n't be eating processed foods anyway . 
  it 's not `` outlawed '' there is just no requirement to display if the product contains any genetically modified crops federally . 
  there is no law that says you ca n't label your product truthfully organic and gmo free if it actually is . 
  but the bottom line is if someone did really care and researched they 'd know which brands to trust and which ones to be skeptical of from their reading . 
  well from my googling , it appears that there are germans who are very interested in and love american indians and emulate their lifestyles in germany . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  why ? 
  there really are groups in germany devoted to native american culture , and interested in that particular culture . 
  it 's not controversial , is it ? 
  interesting , he wrote about a place he 'd never even been ? 
  then when he came to the us he never made it past new york ? 
  wow , and to see a whole swath of germans taking up native american interests and building teepees , that 's crazy , hahah !, 
   native american languages are quite popular in germany ( relatively speaking ) . 
  what like cherokee , or navajo ? 
  why ? 
  what do you mean higher level protocols ? 
  if you just want local servers inside europe , that 's fine but redundancy and uptime , requires the ability to route traffic the most efficient way possible including one of the biggest and easiest methods which are the undersea transatlantic cables to american servers , the way to `` fix '' this is to actually sever europe from america . 
  so i said you know say goodbye to american websites , of course that 's hyperbole , europe would n't sit still and alternatives would crop up quickly , but it would be in the worst case a european internet separate from the us . 
  the beginning of the severing of the internet , it 's strength is that packets take the fastest and most efficient path , it neither cares or even knows about borders . 
  but with this kind of backwards idea the introduction of borders to the internet , better get all your reddit , youtube , google , twitter , and facebook in now , before they get cut off . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/feb/11/bing-censors-chinese-language-search-results guardian picked it up . 
  haha nice , freedom units . 
  i was going to do the conversion , but i was just too lazy . 
  ahh cool ( pun semi-intended , ) yeah i 've never been in temperatures below like 20 degrees fahrenheit and that was up in the mountains . 
  i know cold really does a number on batteries , it would suck to come out and find after you managed to chip all that ice off your car that you needed a jump then . 
  i 'm from california so i 've never experienced temperatures that low . 
  what is that on the right in picture # 6 . 
  it almost looks like this ride that used to be at six flags called d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu . 
  are the car batteries sold there significantly different than any other car batteries ? 
  in the last few weeks here in parts of the us the lows have been sub-zero in fahrenheit , and all their car batteries have fared ok that i know of . 
  but the coolant is an issue , if they do n't have an adequate mix in there to prevent it from freezing , it could do a lot of damage if it froze . 
  for libel ? 
  or for just someone complaining ? 
  do n't you need to have it adjudicated and have an actual victim of a crime ? 
  printing a bunch of made up stuff about a group of people is trashy but i do n't think it 's illegal even in europe is it ? 
  nbc is ok , they just do n't show stuff live , or in the past like 2010 when stuff was on live during primetime for eastern instead of showing it live here in pacific time , they recorded and played it back on videotape 3 hours later , it sucked . 
  that and the needing a cable/satellite subscription to watch their video online , makes me go mehh to nbc , haha . 
  but bob costas is pretty awesome , hahaha . 
  hahaha , probably not , but we can hope , if we tweet him enough he might get up and shake it for the camera , maybe ? 
  but he 's joined as a commentator for nbc here in the us . 
  not that i 'd recommend nbc 's coverage over almost any of the european network 's , but he 'll still be there at the games , and on tv , just not performing on the ice for the world to see . 
  i do n't have ill feelings toward you . 
  i did n't have ill feeling towards the other guy either . 
  i do n't expect you to be an ambassador as long as you do n't expect me to be an ambassador . 
  do n't blame me for what washington does , and i wo n't hold any of you all responsible for what your governments do . 
  and , while i think that you personally who have seemed pretty cool throughout this discussion might not be of that particular opinion , it does n't change the thousands and millions of others who hold those opinions . 
  you 're right though i should n't generalize and i 'll try not to in the future . 
  look man , a majority of the people out there hate america and americans for reasons some founded but mostly unfounded , even thuogh they 've never even met me , or almost all of us . 
  so you end up in a situation where you get like fatigue , you can only take so much before you just give up . 
  like my mom is danish like born in denmark , and i love denmark and the times i visited europe were awesome so i do n't feel like i 'm being particularly racist when i 'm just coming from the other side . 
  but , you 're right i should n't paint you all with the same brush . 
  i have no reason to hate europeans , on the other hand these comments give me no reason to love europeans either , especially when they just make broad sweeping statements and give me no reason to give them the benefit of the doubt . 
  they 're certainly not giving me the benefit of the doubt . 
  the day i come to reddit and am not bombarded with stupid comments about how horrible america and americans are is the day i start not holding europeans responsible for what european governments do . 
  fair enough ? 
  is that so ? 
  hmm , well how crazy is it then , that my point still stands . 
  it 's crazy how one should n't hold british redditors responsible for what their government does , but overwhelmingly americans are very much held responsible for what our government does , guess it 's just kinda funny how that works huh ? 
  i 'm a supporter of five eyes , and the `` anglo-sphere '' whichever definition one wants to go by , we need to keep an eye out for each other , these are the closest and most trusted ally relationships in the world . 
  i think our governments us , uk , aus , nz , can , and maybe even ireland , and south africa , should all be working together as closely as possible . 
  hmm how does that work , because on this very same website i see americans always blamed for their government . 
  ohh ? 
  judging by the uk in your username , i 'm going to guess you 're british . 
  so essentially because the uk is embedded in ukusa , you of course want the eu and the germans on the outside ? 
  you make comment about opposing ubiquitous surveillance which is pretty hypocritical when your country is one of the big guys already performing this kind of activity . 
  all these `` standards '' like appellations , pdo , pgi , tsg , are stupid . 
  if you have a better product which they often do , they 'll end up on top , legally `` protecting '' your appellation does n't automatically make your product fine and awesome . 
  in fact i 'd argue it does the opposite completely , it allows you to slap a sticker on there so then you could turn out any old crap and have no competition . 
  haha i just read that out loud !, 
  we do have a lot of weird spelling , good old english !, 
  i heard a reporting of this story today on npr , and it made me proud to be a dog person . 
  haha , much better than those shifty-eyed , two-faced , sneaky , plotting cats !, 
  we do it all the time , this is the republican form of government . 
  we ( the people ) give our collective power by proxy to our representatives . 
  funny though that the french sure do like mcdonalds . 
  when i was in paris , every mcdonalds we passed was packed . 
  this response right here should be preserved and presented as why full european integration will never happen . 
  the fact that there always has to be a winner between europeans shows that a unified europe is a pipedream . 
  how about instead of thinking in terms of who would win or lose you thought about what would make it easier and more efficient for everyone ? 
  yeah sure that 's one possibility probably on the smaller side of happening , but it is possible . 
  maybe , though what makes the internet what it is today is the variety of people on it . 
  if you want a sweden or europe only site no one is stopping you from making one , google , facebook , etc. 
  are american , so i doubt they 'd just start moving overseas . 
  if you want those experiences your going to have to go to the sources and that will be american . 
  yeah you 'll get your internet where the nsa ca n't spy on you , but your private internet wo n't have google , youtube , facebook , reddit , wikipedia , twitter ... all those are american and have to follow us law . 
  a private nsa free internet sounds lame to me . 
  we should n't stop fighting the nsa but this idea of severing the internet is ludicrous . 
  as much as i love the governator , it 's a pretty huge challenge to overcome , changing the constitution .
