  i 'm really enjoying this tear-fest when the left loses `` control '' . 
  welcome to democracy , it obviously works boths ways . 
  our media is very dishonest and our elected polticians obviously do n't act in favour of the people . 
  in conclusion : the situation can only get worse . 
  not just the replacement of our european population but it 's also costing us money we do n't have . 
  long story short : germany is going to die slow and painfully , while it 's population is changing to a muslim majority eventually when things continue as they are now . 
  of course the change is going to bring all sorts problems you find in these backwards arabic countries right now . 
  it was [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhdrmyelxpo ) . 
  very cozy picutre . 
  i remeber the yenisei river from a german documentary series . 
  it 's a really interesting part of the world where time moves slowly . 
  oh no , a hand full of old people , it 's literally a red revolution in putin 's russia ! 1 !, 
  it 's old news that some ukrainians take a liking in neo-nazi stuff and still does n't justify the choice of the news source . 
  biased source and nothing happend . 
  what 's next ? 
  / europe / links daily stormer to keep a balance ? 
  breaking news : 71 % of dutch citizens are very naive and do n't know basic economics . 
  turkey is a bitch . 
  t. putin, 
  open a map and look where lampedusa is located . 
  we would be a lot better off without it as a springboard to europe . 
  i 'm not suggesting to deport the islanders just giving them proper help to resettle if they desire to leave . 
  resettling the 4500 islanders to the mainland would be a loooooot cheaper than how things are handled right now . 
  once they reach germany they happily give us their fingerprints to receive their house and car ... 1 ! 1, 
  just put the island of lampedusa up for sale already . 
  would save us a lot of nerves . 
  italy pls . 
   loon status confirmed . 
  degenerate status applied . 
  well , it seems like you 'd understand sharia law better than the legal framework of our western world . 
  you lack prudence . 
  i never said it 's a grand conspiracy , however it 's not normal that over a million people pour into europe within one year . 
  this is a crucial time and history does n't allow us to make mistakes as it 'll end in the downfall of our civilization and culture . 
  do n't be naive , you can call it whatever you want . 
  i made my point already . 
  instread of waiting for a corrupt system processing an endless stream of applications you could get informed rather than spreading statements about how you interpret the situation . 
  it 's a massive breach of existing law when you look at the convention relating to the status of refugees . 
  now you have to show me pictures of the antifa doing that . 
  a protest is n't exactly a safe environment . 
  i almost feel bad about how dishonest you touch this subject . 
  get your facts right . 
  these people all came from secure third countries , therefore they have no right to seek asylum in the netherlands in the first place . 
  i think it 's complaining about first world problems . 
  a decade ago smoking ( almost everywhere ) was considered `` normal '' and we 're past that point . 
  now people are more educated about the dangers and therefore have more self-awareness but apprently it 's still not enough for some people with resentments . 
  it 's like `` oh no passive smoking will kill me '' while they gulp down their third drink . 
  i quit smoking a while ago and most places i went people were usually smoking outside already . 
  what you describe is an act of battery . 
  if you have an issue with bars that allow smoking just do n't go there in the first place . 
  so because you `` do n't care '' it 's okay to restrict others peoples civic liberty to match your desire ? 
  very naive . 
  my point remains untouched , it 's up to the individual business . 
  i think you do n't grasp what it means for people running bars/businesses when they 're forced to ban it . 
  we had this debate a few years ago in germany . 
  it should be up to the owners to decide if they allow customers to smoke indoors or in seperated smoking areas or ban it , because it affects business and not everyone has the premises to offer a non-smoking area . 
  it makes more sense that way . 
  and i 'd be more worried about alcoholics lingering around on playgrounds/benches than someone having a smoke . 
  i 'm not really an advocate of anti-smoking laws , because i do n't really mind smokers . 
  most of them turned out to be decent people in my humble opinion . 
  one could argue that banning alcohol would save more lives or prevent possible risks or annoyance . 
  too bad that alcohol culture is deeply rooted into every society so it 's out of question when it comes to nonsense laws . 
  it 's her fault for not wearing a burqa at night . 
  cameras should be banned in the uk . 
  it 's for your own safety . 
  yes !, 
  1000 furiously clapping leftists , a native german girlfriend , a bmw sports car , a luxorious house in a nice green party voting neighbourhood with no foreigners and a job offer as a brain surgeon to ensure no german will ever figure out the ruse . 
  no , you are [ naive ] ( https://youtu.be/n5dseyqcnzk?t=1460 ) if you really believe that . 
  no , she is a train wreck . 
  all talk , no action . 
  yesterday i read in the news that greece deported 49 people back to pakistan by plane . 
  guess what happend ? 
  30 people were n't even allowed to leave the plane and were brought back to europe since their identity was n't reasonable enough . 
  keep in mind that a few thousand people arrive each day at europes borders . 
  one does n't need to be a math genius to see the obvious flaw . 
  `` fuck off , we are full '' happend . 
  italy talking about `` historic mistake '' . 
  time to take my blue pills ... 
  for a fraction of that budget i promise you a new takeshis castle themed olympics that 'll actually be interesting to watch . 
  you mean when sweden starts deporting them back home to balance things out ? 
  downvoting the truth wont make it less painful . 
  reminder that in 2004 he admitted that it was a mistake to bring guest workers with different cultural values into germany . 
  not smart is not acting . 
  you kind of explain why modern democracy does n't work . 
  all talk , no action . 
  solutions that 'll make everyone happy do n't exist and parties that can solve every problem do n't exist as well . 
  german voters are one of the most retarded kind , their fear of change . 
  their ignorance towards voting for small/alternative parties . 
  the state media which is not critical at all with all it 's debates and watered down guests they invite to ensure the public everything is still fine . 
  by now it 's just reduced to be a gigantic loudspeaker to spout merkels propaganda down our throats . 
  they show us so many officials just to suggest us they are `` important '' , but no . 
  they are as stupid as everyone else . 
  anyone with half a brain could do their job . 
  our government talks about quotas to distribute asylum seekers equally , but guess what ? 
  nobody wants to take any other than a symbolic gesture of solidarity . 
  thats why you see the alternative right on the rise . 
  you ca n't `` explain '' and `` reason '' the `` fear '' away , because it 's all a lie . 
  everyone made up their minds long ago . 
  of course , i 'm aware of that . 
  i never claimed he was , but as of more recently mr. h\u00f6cke is enjoying more publicity as a nationalist party member . 
  the afd wont become a mainstream party after bernd lucke left - the only intelligent leader they had .
