  so i refuse to buy into these lies , because we ca n't `` reverse '' this most insane social experiment . 
  the thought of us becoming the next sweden is everything but pleasing . 
  for what reason ? 
  for being obese , ugly , bad grades , geeky , being ethically british or being descendants of immigrants ? 
  hate me for saying it : [ bernd lucke ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sh7ewpbgsg&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1446 ) was right . 
   the survey also found that nearly four out of ten students ( 38 % ) aged 10 and 12 in england reported that they had been physically bullied in the past month and half ( 50 % ) had felt excluded at school . 
  bullied by whom and why ? 
  unfortunately the acticle does n't elaborate it any further other than that . 
  instead they throw around with more money for `` prevention '' ehhh , okay ? 
  but we all know kids can be cruel . 
  i once saw a good documentary about the subject of wastes . 
  it 's really a shame to see masses of good food just getting trashed for various reasons from rotten to just looking not like the customer desires . 
  beside giving things to charity , it 's always good when overproduction is reduced and the waste needs to be recycled back to energy . 
  that is the official story . 
  the [ truth ] ( https://jungefreiheit.de/politik/deutschland/2015/zahl-der-ausreisepflichtigen-auslaender-steigt-um-100-prozent/ ) however is that the rejected ones are n't leaving , but continue to stay while new ones come every day . 
  in conclusion : the ones obliged to leave the country wont do on their own and the antifa [ example ] ( http://www.pi-news.net/2015/05/freiburg-aktivisten-verhindern-abschiebung/ ) in some cases tries to prevent the execution of our laws . 
  anyways , instead of inviting til schweiger or other airheads i 'd rather see [ herbert kickl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzch44idlzq ) or people like roger kl\u00f6ppel . 
  why do n't we do it the other way around this time ? 
  of course there is a higher demand to get ones opinion heard after weeks of meta-topics . 
  careful now . 
  we are watching your every move . 
  yes we ( still ) can afford it , but the question is for how long ? 
  are n't you worried that the standard of living is going to decrease even more and in relation to that , are you aware of how the [ wealth ] ( http://u.jimdo.com/www400/o/sb167c38a2fe0d211/img/ia0c90fcbf3aaa66c/1384105392/std/image.jpg ) is distributed among people in germany ? 
  last but not least : the only long term solution for them is to [ return ] ( https://flipchartfairytales.wordpress.com/2015/08/06/africa-is-getting-richer-so-expect-more-migrants/ ) to their countries , because europe ca n't integrate them all . 
  as a fellow countryman i 'm ashamed and disgusted by your vulgarity . 
  you 're incapable of discussing the important issues of our time , therefore you resort to prejudges and bother others engaging in a dialogue . 
  better stick to football , eh ? 
  according to the handelsblatt newspaper 750.000 ( twice as much than in the record yeard of 1992 ) are prognosticated this year . 
  just a few days ago it was like `` only '' 400.000 according to maiziere in an interview to the press . 
  over the past month tent camps became a common `` solution '' and even green party politicians suggest raising taxes because of the immigration issue , while a month ago it was too much of a taboo to talk about when despaired mayors alrady hinted at the problem they face but had to apoloigze for being discriminating . 
  our politicial leadership is clearly avoiding the issue in an inacceptable way , to dodge the racism card by not enforcing our laws consequently . 
  political tv debates are just a bad joke , because they avoid to invite intelligent critics or right-wing populists and when they to , the opposition outnumbers them to deny them credibility for scratching the truth . 
  i agree , but one is innocent until proven guilty . 
  in other words : if the police is n't a first hand witness of the crime it 's just an accusation . 
  so imagine a group of people all saying they did n't do anything while not even speaking your language or playing dumb . 
  horror scenario for every investigator . 
  nice , have fun in your local subreddit . 
  thats the first time i saw a portable water closet on a ship . 
  strange times . 
  as far as i understand most offenses do n't justify an arrest , so the delinquents are released shortly after the police operation . 
  this seems to be a common problem regarding certain kinds of crimes , because people just walk back to the scene and continue to linger around there . 
  so you are saying the people are ? 
  i think it 's understandable that you do n't like to read about it and that is your right . 
  however , this is what free speech is all about - the right that the media or people can voice their opinion equal to everyone else . 
  you could always resort to hide threads if they annoy you . 
  according to the handelsblatt newspaper 750.000 ( twice as much than in the record yeard of 1992 ) are prognosticated this year . 
  just a few days ago it was like `` only '' 400.000 according to maiziere in an interview to the press . 
  over the past month tent camps became a common `` solution '' and even green party politicians suggest raising taxes because of the immigration issue , while a month ago it was too much of a taboo to talk about when despaired mayors alrady hinted at the problem they face but had to apoloigze for being discriminating . 
  our politicial leadership is clearly avoiding the issue in an inacceptable way , to dodge the racism card by not enforcing our laws consequently . 
  political tv debates are just a bad joke , because they avoid to invite intelligent critics or right-wing populists and when they to , the opposition outnumbers them to deny them credibility for scratching the truth . 
  maybe she is just desperate ? 
  iirc she said that to the illegals not the police , but correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  oh and what exactly do you expect to find here ? 
  it 's old news that the media only reports about depressing things . 
  if you 're unhappy you might as well read your local newspaper then . 
  frank has some serious double standards . 
  hopefully he and his family finds happiness in a country that 's at least equally nationalist and commits war crimes against palestine . 
  sounds like a lose/lose scenario to me . 
  they already ruin their own country . 
  todays britain does n't look like the one i remember from english class textbooks . 
  only 1.3 % of germans voted for the npd ( national party germany ) in the 2013 federal election and you want to convince me that neonazis are quite strong in germany ? 
  this would be the political party most likely to appeal to extremists . 
  arson is not a solution but a form of protest and you should note that so far the arson attacks are done to renovated and ready to move in shelters to delay or hinder the process not to harm the refugees themselfs . 
  the problem is that everyone pulls the `` racist '' card instead of finding solutions best for everyone . 
  money alone wont solve the problem . 
  that must be the first good news i read today . 
  thanks , sweden . 
  ftfy : `` open your pocket spain !, 
  alternatively send them up north and we 'll take care of it '', 
  this article by erik kirschbaum is outright ridiculous . 
  attacks on asylum shelters happen , yes . 
  but mr. kirschbaum makes it sound as if one is burning every day . 
  this is not the case and the numer of 150 attacks source is probably from another article mentioning said 150 in 2014 . 
  it reads very one-sided with the usual `` i knew it , germans are still nazi '' attitude and fails to elaborate the problematic citizens in some areas seem to face . 
  i mean it 's very sad that some individuals last resort are arson attacks , because the political course is apparently predetermined . 
  i think there are a lot of stable parts in africa one could flee to , same goes for other neighbouring countries in other parts of the world . 
  no need to go through all the trouble to reach northern european countries at all costs . 
  if they just wanted to get into safety , they would stay were they arive in europe , but no these healthy , young men do everything to get to the uk for example and we all know why . 
  well played mr. europe expert from florida ... 
  it 's a real shame that in germany it seems more cost effective to take a flight than going through the hassle of booking a `` cheap '' train ticket . 
  german railways does an awful with their ticket pricing . 
  is this a common problem in other eu countries as well ? 
  all those families with their children that our politicians told me about ! 1 !, 
  the problem with that clip is that the media portraits a single case were integration went right and it indeed does it makes seem unfair . 
  still the uncontrolled ( illegal ) mass immigration throughout europe makes it neccessary to enforce laws . 
  what kind of message would it be to the world to make an exception just because a child shed some tears on tv ? 
  your second passage would also describe angela merkels administration very well , aside from the `` keen on freedom of speech '' . 
  yes , if we 're unwilling to find a solution for the 3rd world immigation . 
  you must be a fool to believe someone has nothing better to do than rewrite history after each work day for two decades . 
  you could argue it 's written to glorify his character - however historian angela hermann came to the conclusion that for the most part the events were recorded according to goebbels knowledge . 
  i would prefer that the complete goebbels diaries would be made accessible to the public for their value as a unique historic document about ww2 rather than hidden behind a ludicrous pay wall . 
   many germans also see an opportunity with the high number of new arrivals for a society that is aging rapidly . 
  most germans are sick of merkel and the governments decision making . 
  decreasing the standard of living and creating massive debt is certainly `` an opportunity '' to ruin this country for everyone . 
  how about they fix their dumping wages first to show how social amazon really is ? 
  disgusting and i do n't give two cents about them throwing money into a bottomless pit . 
  no offense dear bicycle fans , but this country has other problems . 
  okay then you explain why the second headline literally says `` the ** country ** is becoming a growing problem for the european union . '' ? 
  also the government usually represents the country . 
   `` this is a violation of democracy , '' said jan niemojewski the propaganda machinery against poland is running .
