what you describe is a huge task to ask from any culture . 
  first of all , i must remind myself that especially islam has a fair share of rather radical or passive supporters towards a very traditional and strict interpretation of the koran . 
  but over all your approach takes decades if not centuries , but the radicals have way too much influrence already on a global scale , so my gut says that violence has proven to work throughout history . 
  in conclusion they 'll take some sort of leading role in their religion and interpretation . 
  it calls for a more radical solution to stop . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  imams usually are recruited from abroad therefore less likely to know anything about western culture first hand or the local language . 
  * ``` made in germany ' in the gutter , '' said german newspaper bundesdeutsche zeitung . 
  * it 's the first time i ever heard about this newspaper . 
  still stupid they tried to cheat . 
  muslim school advises women to dress western to avoid offending christian natives . 
  oh wait , i just made it up . 
  indeed , it 's pathetic . 
  every sixth would be a better result for the gd party . 
  maybe next time . 
  they know what we like ... 
  eastern europe is waking up . 
  i sense some real dissapointment here . 
  til a dozen grown up men ca n't fix a little water leak in a tent . 
  we deal with a global problem that ca n't be solved on a national basis . 
  everyone wants to go to germany and the uk anyways and they know it while lying to their teeth . 
  a quota system is no solution for that . 
  here we go again . 
  germany tries to interfere with other countries political decisions . 
  that 's none of merkels business , though . 
  yet for months now they try to push that absurd quota system on other eu countries , systematically undermining critics until they reach their goal . 
  if schengen does n't work and she 's complaining about some countries not making enough effort to tighten the outer borders , she should rather prioritize that than bringing back inner borders . 
  10k wont make an actual difference when thousands try to cross the borders on a daily basis . 
  iceland should just lean back and watch the spectacle . 
  honestly ? 
  at first i was excited because the mystery about this train is fascinating . 
  by now i realized everyone just wants the money and nobody really cares about the historic value . 
  i hope it 's empty . 
  well , you are just assuming . 
  fact is they died in the back of a truck in austria . 
  no need to be sarcastic . 
  the reason behind the schengen agreement was to abolish the inner borders and make a joined effort in securing the outer borders of the eu . 
  at least in theory ... building a proper border fence and border patrols of all european nations would certainly strengthen that idea more than throwing money on a situation that wont just stop over night . 
  drastic times require drastic measures . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  in the end both come to stay , i have yet to read about thousands of africans and syrians eagerly waiting to move back to rebuild their country . 
  people know what bad immigration looks like and the problems it brings . 
  if europes borders would be secure , that tragedy would n't have taken place . 
  you ignore my point completely , by taking the sarcastic part seriously . 
  maybe you should work on your reading comprehension instead . 
  haha , epic . 
  i bet you shelter refugees , because you 're such a good person . 
  oh wait , you do n't . 
  a dozen of skinheads throwing stones like the antifa and spout some slogans . 
  oh dang , let 's organize a candle march and dance against nationalism !, 
  seriously , what do you expect ? 
  by reading this reddit you should be aware that a fair share of both sides elaborate their opinions rather than getting violent on the streets . 
  earlier today i was thinking about writing a mostly neutral reply , but after i watched the [ tagesschau ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tagesschau_%28germany%29 ) ( most popular daily news broadcast here ) i changed my mind . 
  the media here is biased to the left . 
  especially every topic about the refugee crisis . 
  it does n't matter how many healthy young men come by boat or try to cross the border , they like to show us scenes and pictures of families and children instead to put it into a more emotional/humanitarian perspective . 
  very absurd when i compare it to international media . 
  it should be citrus flavour . 
  you made me remember that one time our police was looking for `` conspicuous pale looking '' african [ pickpockets ] ( https://www.netzplanet.net/polizei-sucht-zwei-blasse-afrikaner/19935/ ) . 
  `` 200k serbian citizens ** should ** be deported from germany '' side note : some adminstrative districs pay them if they depart voluntarily . 
  it 's already common in germany and austria . 
  it lead to people just getting upset in the comment section or leading to the assumption almost every case has something to do with immigrants or foreigners , due to the nature of the crimes . 
  it 's voluntary censorship because someone thought it 's a fantastic idea to stick to an absurd press codex to reduce discrimination . 
  people like you are exactly the problem . 
  emotional intelligence comes before statistics and collected data . 
  and you 're going to continue to live that lie until it 's on your doorstep . 
  it 's not just a coincidence that the more wealthy districts with less migrants and asylum shelters vote more humanitarian , simply because none of these immigrants could afford moving there any time soon . 
  but let me tell you first hand : a migrant family moved into my appartment building and most neighbours hate them , because they 're the stereotype everyone waives off as bs . 
  they 're loud all day till past midnight , have no manners , lived with six people in a two-room apparment and just think that this god damn place is like paradise . 
  bonus : they do n't speak the language , so every form of communication is almost impossible . 
  one feels totally helpless , it 's like mental abuse if these idiots know they 're loud as fuck but do n't give damn being considerate of everyone else . 
  people like that do n't even try to integrate into our society , they just continue to live like savages like in their country of origin . 
  the key is simply to not care about being branded a `` racist '' when the term is abused and misused . 
  invalidating the fear of people being called that and soon nobody will care , because apparently everyone else is also `` racist '' . 
  what are you or the people exactly waiting for ? 
  an eritrean dictator ? 
  ( no , seriously . 
  as a swede you should tell me , please . ), 
  no , you should n't . 
  giving up your religion for a life in peace without wars in a functioning society still sounds like a good trade-off to me . 
  why should one stick to a religion that brought war and injustice to you and your family anyways ? 
  every time i read about that link between nazi germany and the arab world i can only wonder if people differenciate enough to notice that it has nothing in common with the current muslims undermining our european values . 
  the magic of democracy is called `` coalition government '' in the end the sd alone wont turn the tide . 
  it 's called the [ dublin regulation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) . 
  in theory you are right , in reality however no country wants to shelter them or bother to deport them or simply has no free capacity nor the personal to handle the crisis . 
  because they do n't want to stay , the authorities turn a blind eye on the ones crossing the borders to move further north . 
  [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/cz8q6dvb4pe?t=7492 ) you go . 
  kudos for the translator trying to keep up . 
  to clarify : he said that over time it 's only getting worse . 
  with every year that passes the chance of forming a resistance against mass - and illegal immigration is decreasing , because foreign parties already try to step into the political spectrum by gaining votes from immigrants / `` germans '' that share their cultural identity . 
  so eventually they 'll vote for their own islam friendly parties and gain more and more power , a silent undertaking over decades to come . 
  but hey , by now someone will tell you i 'm just having irrational fears . 
   our social security system will not survive the demographic change of an aging society . 
  in my humble opinion we have to abolish or rather wait for that system to collapse . 
  seriously , it 's naive to still believe in this working out in the future or even right now . 
  the better alternative is to shrink the population , let the baby boomer generation cry out loud , i do n't care , because they 're responsible for many political problems we face today . 
  every time the german people vote , they elect the most inane politicans because of their wishful thinking . 
  comforting lies and empty promises before the harsh reality . 
  also there is no real political change in this country . 
  it 's either the cdu or the spd and they both just go together with whoever keeps them in power .
