that video is quite funny in hindsight , considering http://www.anticorruption-romania.org/home/news-from-romania/189-dna-probing-into-corruption-relating-eads-border-security-contract, 
  the netherlands blocked romania 's entry into schengen, 
  agreed . 
  swans are delicious . 
  little croatia peers across border , sees serbs showing support to russia . 
  a light-bulb lights up above croatia 's head . 
  i did n't , tho it 's on my `` to watch '' list i got ta say i was more interested in gomorra because i knew it was loosely based on real events/people , and i wanted to see a modern portrait of camorra/napoli ( well , more like scampia and other parts of napoli ) , thinking it was gon na be like the wire and it 's portrail of baltimore ( which it was ) otoh from what i know romanzo is more of a historical/fictional story so i was n't so interested , but i 'll surely watch it eventually, 
   that 's a great idea for a sit-com : hitler , trotsky , tito , freud and stalin sharing a dungeon in vienna . 
  ftfy, 
  my city of constanta , romania has more than 1 % of muslims . 
  in fact , before romania annexed the region 150 years ago , the majority of the population was muslim . 
  i grew up with muslim friends , colleagues , girlfriends , teachers , neighbours , etc. 
  what is happening here that i do n't know of ? 
  i 've learned french for 11 years in school while italian i only picked up from watching cartoons on italian tv when i was a kid , and now i speak italian much better than french . 
  it 's just a much easier language for us . 
  italian sounds the nicest , and is very very fun to speak, 
  it 's from the torygraph , of course it 's made up bullshit . 
  i 'm satisfied that instead of having to ignore half of the front page , i can ignore just one thread . 
  i do n't think so , in my experience romanians love foreigners of all kinds and go out of their way to show hospitability and to try to impress them . 
  otoh perception of moldovans ( both from romanian moldova and from the separate country ) is not that great . 
  lots of negative stereotypes ( i 'm a romanian moldovan myself ), 
  we 're just being tsundere to each other . 
  this submission is not about immigration , but about a terrorist attack . 
  i do n't find this surprising at all , hondas have insane reliability and are really well put together . 
  this does n't come cheap tho , as they 're usually more expensive than the competition . 
  suzukis are pretty good too , and have great value for the money . 
  ototh reliability of german cars have gone downhill as hell in the past 5 years or so , if you get something from the vag group do n't buy anything with one of the cheaper engines cause they 're utter trash . 
  i have voted for france , italy , portugal and spain , as they are our latino brothers . 
  i was conflicted about spain because of tiki-taka , but in the end i decided to forgive them . 
  to each their own , i 'd rather have my body drained of blood than sit through 30 minutes of metal . 
  otoh there 's plenty of acts in that lineup i 'd like to see , like tinie tempah , wu tang , dj primo , patrice , etc, 
  [ not true ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eritrea#religion ) also ethiopia has pretty much the same religious demographic as eritrea . 
  i have an anecdote slightly related to this : during college , i worked for a few months in the local branch of a well known german store chain ( wo n't mention it 's name , but it starts with p and ends with raktiker ) . 
  at my first general store meeting , which was attended by all employees , i noticed one thing : the top management ( store director , his 2 seconds in command , marketing director ) were all male and of a very pale skin complexion . 
  otoh the leaders of the various store departments had several women , as well as people of the roma and tatar ethnicity among their ranks . 
  after that i found out that the store management had been interviewed and hired by the country managers in bucharest , who were all germans , while the department leaders and the regular store workers were hired by the romanian hr department . 
  the store director was this tall blond dude from transylvania ; he looked great in a suit , but otherwise he was utterly clueless and incompetent , to the point we were all making jokes about him . 
  by contrast , my department manager was a guy of the roma ethnicity who had n't even graduated highschool , but he really knew his shit and he could explain to us or customers everything about every product we were selling , and how to use it ( it 's a diy store , so we had a lot of questions like those from customers ) ; he would also defend us who worked under him and he always took our side , like for example he 'd let me skip a half day of work so i could go to my college classes and then he 'd fix the records to appear i had been at work all day , etc. 
  or he 'd take us for drinks after work , and then proceed to get drunk and tell us how his wife beats him and he 's afraid to get back home , and all kinds of funny stuff ; thinking about it , he was probably the best direct boss i 've had since i started working . 
  going back to the german top management , they had this habit of coming periodically to inspect the store ; first time i met one of them , i said hello but he not only not respond to me but ignored me completely . 
  then i noticed the other 2 germans we 're also completely ignoring the romanian store workers , like we did n't even exist , and only interacted with the store manager . 
  they were doing it in a really arrogant way too , it was as if we did n't even exist . 
  that , and stuff like how they used extremely creative ways to not pay us for overtime hours , or firing people who got injured at work and had to take medical days off , really soured me about that company and the way it was run ( well , that and the shitty salary ) . 
  thankfully i finished college so i could quit that shitty store and get an office job in my own engineering field . 
  well , that was my lil story , thanks for reading , etc , 
  instead of going after the migrants who want to work so that they can help their families back home , you should go after the employers who hire them on the black market and who benefit way more from tax dodging than said migrants . 
  [ this is the most popular romanian song this year ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlk9j4bfsis ) also , the all time top 10 most watched music videos by romanians on youtube : 1 . 
  smiley & alex velea feat . 
  delia feat . 
  do n't put all of eastern europe in the same boat , romania has accepted the refugee quotas and it barely made the news here , almost nobody here cares one way or the other, 
  [ there 's also this bbc article from last year ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-29213892 ) about a similar ( the same ? ), 
  harvard study , which goes into further details , such as : the original europeans had dark skin and blue eyes , while white skin was introduced to europe by farmers coming from the near/middle east 7000 years ago . 
  the 2 populations mixed , with most european dna today coming from the latter ; genes from the former survived mostly in northern europe ( which i guess explains why they have more people with blue eyes there ), 
  can kebab melt serb beans ? 
  i do n't know where i 'm going with that , just randomly came to mind, 
  yes , but he said percentage of population , not absolute numbers, 
  the big difference between the 2 is language , as bulgarian is slavic ( close to old slavonic iirc ) , while romanian is latin ( with the closest language being italian , especially the southern dialects/languages like sicilian ) . 
  there are slavic influences in romanian , around 10 % of the vocabulary , and latin influences on bulgarian ( mainly french imports , which usually were also imported to romanian ) , so a romanian and a bulgarian could understand a word here and there from the other language , but if you 're romanian it 's way easier to understand stuff in italian , spanish or even portuguese than bulgarian . 
  other than that , the 2 nations are very close culturally , and even genetically ; if i ignore the language , i 'd put them as being just as similar to us as moldova . 
  i find it unfortunate that language and preconceptions have made the relationship between the 2 not as close as it could be . 
  according to the last census of 2011 , the roma population is around 3 % in romania . 
  even if you 'd count those that declared themselves romanian , hungarian or turkish ( as these are the 3 main flavours of roma , for example here in constanta we have turkish gypsies , who are muslim ) , you could probably get at most 5-6 % of the population , which is far from `` a very high percentage '' there are countries where they 're a bigger part of the population , i think in hungary they were close to 10 % , but i 'm too lazy to check ( balkan + latin = uber laziness :d ), 
  to a tweet ? 
  read the rest of the thread and the most upvoted comments , they 're already here lol, 
  threads like this one are great for tagging the neo-nazis, 
  you can read about it in the article . 
  in short , the emergency ambulance agency he created has saved many many lives , and it 's one of the most efficient and well ran such agencies in europe . 
  so dr. arafat is regarded by many romanians as a national hero . 
  [ raed arafat ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/02/11/world/europe/palestinian-helps-romania-remake-its-emergency-care-system.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=1 ) could have been the first muslim minister a couple years ago when he was asked to become health minister , but he refused . 
  he 's still way more popular among romanians than any current ministers though . 
  if i go , i 'm afraid i 'll like it so much that i 'll decide to stay . 
  still want me to come ? . . 
  hehe, 
  this is balkans . 
  we use sunflower seeds . 
  the best reason for them joining is the inevitable fight between r/yurop and r/murica over whose georgia is the better one, 
  [ romanian rap song about milfs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izlj61n3whi ) [ and one about sex ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dq7a2h4anvq ), 
  [ you can read all about it here ] ( http://www.yale.edu/gsp/colonial/belgian_congo/index.html ) his practices had quite the effect :  from 1885 to 1908 , it is estimated that the congolese native population decreased by about ten million people . 
  [ 2 ] historian adam hochshild identifies a number of causes for this loss under leopold 's reign -- murder , starvation , exhaustion and exposure , disease , and plummeting birth rates . 
  congolese historian ndaywel e nziem estimates the death toll at thirteen million . 
  [ 7 ] leopold capitalized on the vast wealth extracted in ivory and rubber during his twenty-three year reign of terror in the cfs . 
  he spent some of this wealth by constructing grand palaces and monuments including the royal museum for central africa in tervuren . 
  sorry herr german , i will goose step around the subreddit 3 times as punishment for meine mistake !, 
  [ an even bolder suggestion ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cpzaeol.jpg ), 
  sporca madonna e santi perverti :o i 'm packing my bags as i type this, 
  if it makes you feel any better , the romanian guy was even worse . 
  settle down beavis, 
  well , `` romania '' is how the byzantine citizens were calling their empire , so it 's the second best thing for you , 
  i wonder what is italy 's opinion about their little fanclub, 
  well when you 're running against the clown party , the other clown party and the northern clown party , you do n't need to do much to look like a political messiah, 
  they 've tried already in 1919 , and it ended with the romanian army marching through budapest, 
  politicians pandering to conservative/right-wing voters , who hold a strong dislike towards eastern-europeans, 
  i have a question for poles : i remember that during the last election campaign , the party currently in power promised they 'd ban in-vitro conception , and everybody who had already been born due to that procedure would have it mentioned on their id card ( so that their prospective employers or romantic interests would know they are unnatural people ) . 
  did they go through with that law or did they change their minds ? 
  i hope you do realize that the british right wing media spent most of the last decade yelling about the hordes of poles and romanians invading britain , raping their women , taking their jobs and living off welfare . 
  basically the only way an eastern european can agree with the british right wing press is if they 're a self-hating eastern european . 
  cheers . 
  it 's also the place where the world 's most powerful laser is being built . 
  tbh that 's what the rest of romania would say about bucharest if aforementioned rest of romania used less profanity and more cultured words . 
  black sea coast master race reporting in , here in constan\u021ba it 's just under 0 degrees , the sun is shining , no ice or snow on the main roads , etc.
