  i 'll spare an atheist prayer for you inland plebs while i drive to my favourite shaorma place for lunch , 
  as a bit of trivia , `` eu fui '' have the exact same meaning ( s ) in both romanian and portuguese , 
  ... and it smells delicious huehuehue, 
  young white english men have a bad reputation due to the alcohol abuse , random acts of violence , rudeness and their general bad behaviour , not because of self loathing ; of course the majority of them are n't like that , but like stereotypes work everywhere , it 's the bad apples that stand out and give the others a bad name . 
  kappapride nobody can see this post thus nobody will notice i 'm gay kappapride edit whoops, 
  well thanks to him i learned there are orthodox talibans in greece too , not just here in romania, 
  a fun fact for europeans that probably are n't aware of it , the romanian music industry produces a large amount of songs in spanish , like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlk9j4bfsis ) or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by3ztlfkqki ) and these songs tend to be quite popular in the balkans ( especially in turkey ), 
  that 's adresses in the article , and the author says the major difference is that , unlike in other eastern european countries , in romania it led to massive popularity of the spanish language and latino culture , and to many romanians self-identifying as being latinos, 
  at work if i need something translated from spanish i only have to ask one of my girl colleagues , they all grew up watching hours of telenovelas every day and they all seem to understand the language to some varying degree i can understand some spanish too ( it helps that i know romanian , italian and french ) but i 'm still nowhere as good at it as your average romanian telenovelas watching girl, 
  polan stronk : the movie, 
  that 's false , he says he met a syrian kid who told him about the civil war , which made him go and research said civil war on the internet , he became obsessed with the thing and he basically self-radicalized on the internet . 
  also from how he writes he seems to have some mental health issues or a very low iq . 
  anyway , he was n't brainwashed by no `` syrian refugee '' the relevant post he made on the subject :  cum am devenit musulman !? 
  translation :  `` how i became muslim !? 
  at first i befriended a syrian boy named omar hamade aged 16 . 
  because he was speaking romanian very well i asked him `` how are you speaking so well and why are you living in bucharest ? '' . 
  he answered me that he had been living in romania for years because he had to leave syria due to the civil war . 
  hearing that , and since i 'm european . . over here we did n't hear about wars and things like that . 
  so i became very curious and i began searching for informations about syria . 
  ** first i wrote on youtube `` syria war '' ** and the first clips were of the army of `` president '' bashar al-assad . 
  these videos shocked me very much , because of the terrible things that happened right in front of my eyes . 
  they flustered me very much , i really wanted for the war to be won by the people . 
  i even supported them on every video i watched and on any social network . 
  since then for 5 months , i searched for videos , information , documentaries and anything possible about the syrian people and syrian history . 
  and in my searches i accumulated an imense love for their cause , for islam , for islamic education , for allah and for muslim women . 
  he goes on to say he studied islam with another romanian convert , he had a `` personal jihad '' ( lol ) with his mom , dad , uncle and aunt about his choice ( his dad is in prison ) , and that he wants to become a sheick and marry a muslim woman and have muslim children and fight in the jihad for a caliphate etc. 
  so there you have it , he got radicalized by youtube not by a refugee , and also pokymonn pls fuck off with your bullshit , ciao . 
  zara , the biggest clothing retailer in the world , makes 75 % of their stuff in the eu ( mainly spain and portugal ) ; the rest of 25 % are made in countries close by like morocco or turkey . 
  [ photo of members of the `` 64 counties '' hungarian far-right organization fighting for the separatists in ukraine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d0nyboz.jpg ), 
  nice , but hungarian nationalists/far-right are not exactly anti-kebab as they see turkey and other turkic nations as fellow `` turanic '' people ( along with mongols , koreans , japanese , etc ) more [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_turanism#turanist_belief-systems_after_1989 )  the right-wing jobbik party and its president g\u00e1bor vona are uncompromising supporters of turanism and pan-turkism ( the ideology of jobbik considers hungarians as a turanian nation . 
  i do n't know about other eastern europeans , but romania is probably the most pro-turkish ascension country in the eu , for 2 reasons : over the past 25 years turkey has constantly been our friendliest neighboring country no matter who was in power in both countries ( we 've had conflicts and disagreements with pretty much everyone else ) , and turkey is our biggest economic partner outside the eu . 
  and as an example of typical balkan hilarity , romania has signed a contract to export 1 billion euros worth of electricity per year to turkey ( we produce far more electricity than we consume ) , but bulgaria objected profusely to such a deal . 
  so now , to get the electricity to turkey , we 're laiyng cables in the black sea that will go around the bulgarian waters . 
  [ tribute.avi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8bv9instei ) was made the next day iirc, 
  i 'm watching the news and now they 're saying over 40 dead and 100 wounded ; also there was no explosion , just fire due to faulty pyrotechnics it 's the biggest disaster in romania in 20 years , since the balotesti plane crash edit : raed arafat just held a press conference and the official figure so far is 26 dead ; i guess the 40 dead was a rumor , we 'll see tomorrow edit2 that might interest r/europe : among the injured there are 3 foreign citizens , 2 spanish and 1 italian , who are at the hospital belonging to the main romanian intelligence agency . 
  the italian citizen , a 20yo girl , is in very bad condition . 
  there are also some reports of a german citizen injured, 
  i 've read on romanian media that trump said he admired putin , that he wished he 'd be as smart as putin , that putin is much better than obama , that he 'd love to meet putin if putin agrees , etc , basically he gave the whole pls notice me senpai speech . 
  he 's a clown , and more relevant to europe he 's a pro-putin clown . 
  so basically he 's an american berlusconi/orban, 
  pp is the most right wing relevant party in spain . 
  they 're the party of former fascists , catholic extremists , comical levels of corruption , and they stay in power because old people vote for them . 
  this meme thing is probably because they 're butthurt at the memes making fun of them . 
  lmao finally someone who says what they really think, 
  rip in peace brexit 2016-2016, 
  how would they get to europe ? 
  in iraq , to the north there 's iraqi kurdistan , to the south the government controlled shia areas and to the east iran , good luck to any isis people going through there . 
  their only chance is going west to raqqa in syria where isis still has control , but the route from there to europe is also closed right now ; to the north , 90 % of the border with turkey is controlled by the syrian kurds , who are the most hostile group to isis in syria and by far the most successful at fighting them . 
  reaching turkey through rojava would mean passing through hundreds of kurdish checkpoints , and again good luck with that for a bunch of arabs and westerners who do n't speak a word of kurdish . 
  otherwise they 'd have to try to blend in inside the government or fsa areas and get to turkey or lebanon from there , but there 's a very high chance they 'd end up in an assad rape/torture dungeon , or beheaded by the fsa jihadis . 
  point is , isis people could easily get to europe back when they shared a porous border with turkey , but that 's not the case today and they 're kinda stuck . 
  there 's a lot of foreign students in eastern europe , since the universities are cheap and pretty decent , and from what i know medicine is their preferred subject . 
  here in romania there 's plenty of greeks , turks , arabs and various africans , mainly studying medicine . 
  also , a maritime university in my city has a multi-million dollar contract with the nigerian government for training nigerian students to become ship officers , and if you go to the local malls you can find large groups of young nigerians dressed like hipster nerds buying up all the shoes lol anyway , i 'm not aware of foreign students having any problems here , and i hope it stays that way . 
  culturally ( and even genetically ) turkey has far more in common with the balkan countries than with the middle east, 
  looking forward to orban sending the mighty hungarian navy to invade and occupy libya , because there 's no way in hell any of the warring governments there would accept something like that, 
  serbia should make up their mind , choose an alphabet , and stick with it, 
  r/childfree always gets their revenge, 
  brexiters, 
  you 're talking with a brainwashed drone , there 's no point in trying, 
  i used to have a tatar girlfriend who claimed to be religious but had a funny take on it , like she was ok with allah but did n't like mohammed cause he was a `` dirty arab '' ; or she observed ramadan , but if she got hungry or horny she pulled the courtains together and declared that it is night . 
  she also did n't drink alcohol but ate pork . 
  the ypg/ypj/sdf has been by far the most successful anti-isis faction in syria , they 've saved hundreds of thousands of people ( including yazidis who were being genocided ) and also held back both the `` moderate '' rebels and the regime . 
  meanwhile , turkey 's involvement in syria has meant bombing the kurds who were fighting isis and arming al-quaeda rebels , while allowing isis to bomb kurdish rallies and weddings within turkey . 
  so no , they 're not doing both . 
  just yesterday turkey shelled the kurdish sdf forces that just liberated manbij from isis and assassinated the sdf commander tasked with liberating another isis city . 
  is that how they 're fighting against isis ? 
  yea , i would separate murders in romania into 2 big categories : 1 . 
  two peasants get drunk together then they whack eachother with axes 2 . 
  one peasant gets drunk alone , whacks his wife/mother in law with an axe . 
  rural romania is unfortunately like a different country compared to urban romania , they 're stuck living in the middle ages while no government in the last 26 years gave a shit about them, 
  it 's called a `` crime of passion '' in english i think . 
  and yea , they downvote if the reality does n't fit their agenda . 
  ... and the shooting was done on the 5th anniversary of the breivik massacre . 
  most of the victims were turkish/kosovars . 
  hmm . 
  there 's another article linked on that page that talks about the high number of refugees converting to christianity all over europe , and they talk more about that issue and about how churches put them on a trial period and have them prove they 're serious about it . 
  i think there are some converts who do it just for getting asylum , but if they just change religions like that it means they did n't care much about islam before , and wo n't be serious about christianity now , so they 'll be just like most of the christians in europe, 
  orban and his oligarch buddies have been stealing billions from public funds , have taken control of almost all media , have modified the constitution to keep himself in power , have sent thugs ( of the shaven heads and jackboots variety ) to physically intimidate opposition politicians , and so on . 
  under orban , hungary is even less democratic than turkey . 
  truly a great guy . 
  that 's interesting , in my region of romania there 's a sizable tatar/turkish minority and interfaith marriages are pretty common in my experience ; and in the mixed couples i know , they observe both religions , like they go to the mosque ( and cook the traditional foods ) after ramadan , and they go to church ( and cook the traditional foods ) on easter , etc. 
  the only ones who oppose these mixed marriages are some tatars who are afraid that their language/culture is dying out - and i find that understandable , as they do n't have a country of their own and are being assimilated everywhere they live . 
  like here in romania , other than their names and their asiatic looks , there 's no difference between young tatars and young romanians , they even only speak romanian between themselves . 
  [ how does victory smell like ? 
  maybe the english , russians and others could learn a thing or two about civilised behaviour from the turks and croats, 
  not related with this case but there 's a conspiracy theory i 've seen on the internet from hungarians that goes something like : the romanian language was invented in universities by jews , who then brought over gypsies and taught them this new language , with the conclusion being that romanians are the result of a centuries long jewish plot to destroy the hungarian nation . 
  i do n't know how widespread this theory is in hungary but i found it pretty funny . 
  also , jobbik ( the hungarian nationalist party ) do hate jews with a passion , probably more than they hate romanians, 
  lmao turns out the anti-islam party has the same moral values as the islamists, 
  north korea is an absolutist monarchy consisting of a god emperor and his slaves, 
  melenchon is by far the best candidate out of the first 4 . 
  there 's one such poll in the third image of the linked imgur album : melenchon vs le pen 57-43 melanchon vs macron 47-53, 
  he 's in highschool , he wants to see more pew pew like in the movies, 
  erdogan is certainly not heading towards any alliance with iran lol . 
  the iranians have even gotten friendly with the pkk/pyd just to fuck with turkey , which is hilarious since pkk is the ideological opposite to any islamist, 
  erdogan is certainly not heading towards any alliance with iran lol . 
  the iranians have even gotten friendly with the pkk/pyd just to fuck with turkey , which is hilarious since pkk is the ideological opposite to any islamist, 
  la chartreuse de parme is my favourite book ever , and seeing this pic gave me a madeleine moment to when i first read it . . 
  i 'm hoping hamon can make it to the second round , 3 months is enough time for a lot of things to happen .
