i 've talked to americans on reddit who insist that citizen gun ownership must be legalised in all countries because otherwise `` you ca n't be safe '' or `` you have no freedom '' , seriously ? 
  most americans i see on reddit are super anti-gun . 
  you 're one of the guys at this muslim conference . 
  berlusconi seemed to have no problem with the protest . 
  well he had just conquered the capital of the roman empire . 
  this was allegedly a policy in us high schools ( secondary schools ) so all of us students would watch the clock and pray that the teacher would miss the cutoff , but they never did :(, 
  english-language media would have a field day with sauer , angela, 
  it depends on when you wake up, 
   did n't even finish his drink . 
  maybe he was n't russian , after all . 
  i see what you did there, 
  somewhere to the right of center . 
  same man . 
  i was in europe early this summer and i ca n't imagine being in budapest when it 's central station is filled with migrants . 
  so does he tell people he 's 3/4 vegan ? 
  i agree that you should n't necessarily be all-or-nothing , but `` 3/4 vegan '' is probably a bad way of phrasing it . 
  if you eat meat , you 're not a vegan . 
  it 's not really a pick and choose kind of thing . 
  and how can you be 3/4 vegan ? 
   leftists  very fond of the united states ... what ? 
  is it just the pro-israel connection or am i missing something here ? 
  the millions of people who have migrated to the united states since the 19th century have had the same misconceptions about life in the usa , but they adapted and integrated . 
  i wish these polls would post their methodology as well as their data . 
  i saw a legit neckbeard yesterday with the fedora , ponytail , everything . 
  he was outside a computer repair store . 
  it could n't be more perfect . 
  why the hell is mos def on a panel with christopher hitchens and salman rushdie ? 
  ... vote ukip ? 
   i love how germany is unable to please the rest of the world . 
  man i ca n't imagine a country that has to go through that ... , 
  it looks like * taken * was right after all, 
  my university 's student government had a budget north of $ 30 million . 
  so some of them do have power . 
  what 's the view like from your high horse ? 
  so it 's ok to assault them ? 
  i like your boots . 
  i was staying at a hostel just outside of hauptbahnhof . 
  i saw muslims around that area , especially women who were almost completely covered . 
  i visited munich early this summer for a few days . 
  the muslim presence seemed pretty significant there even before the influx of migrants . 
  he would know , they 're coming from his country, 
  stop rescuing the migrant rafts in the mediterranean, 
   against the new mass migration they 're racists !, 
  ca n't you tell ? 
   refugees should be prioritised in accordance to need , and filtered out based on objective criteria of their individual risk of criminality . 
  but they are n't doing that right now . 
  they 're taking in anyone who shows up , they do n't even have to be fleeing war, 
  because northern and central europe have really high quality of life ratings so they make their decisions from a humanitarian bubble where consequences do n't exist and it 's all about `` doing the right thing . '', 
  it 's easy to be pro-immigration when no immigrants will ever disturb you 're upper middle class suburb, 
  only if the arab screams allahu ackbar and stabs the white guy to death, 
  so no muslims can preach now ? 
  unfortunately , a lot of isis fighters came from chechnya . 
  he might not be a salafist , but a lot of returning fighters will be http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/chechnyas-isis-problem, 
  if you make it clear that migrants wo n't be taken care of just for showing up they are less likely to make the journey . 
  tons of europeans ( and european nations ) have had legitimate concerns about this for years , especially greece and italy , but the eu has n't been listening . 
  leaving the eu ca n't be the only option for countries that have major issues , there has to be give and take, 
  you can make a multicultural union without importing tons of outside cultures . 
  you have danish culture , hungarian culture , spanish culture , polish culture , etc. 
  it feels like people think of multiculturalism as `` not european , '' when there are already so many different cultures within the eu, 
  at the very least they feel like the eu ignores major concerns about immigration, 
  the same people rescuing the smuggler rafts, 
  they look like the rebel villages that i conquered in * medieval ii : total war * i wonder why ... 
  i 've seen theories that eastern martial arts are based on pankration that the greeks introduced to central asia and india, 
   millions of poor white people across the south , central , and midwest of the usa who depend on `` obamacare '' voted in a regime that promised from the beginning to tear down obamacare . 
  this means they will lose their health coverage , and some of them will literally die and be driven into bankruptcy . 
  but by and large they do n't care , why ? 
  because at least them black people in the cities will lose their health care too . 
  reason # 462 why trump won ... 
   the workaround is that they 'll just advertise for a party themselves . 
  that 's essentially how a superpac operates . 
  or he knows how saying he loves soros triggers so many people, 
  great classical musicians , especially pianists . 
  my private piano teacher is from the ussr and he 's phenomenal , as well as his violinist brother . 
  plus russians dominate in international piano competitions, 
  i know it 's not what you meant , but it 's how it 'll be perceived . 
  look at how afd protests are seen as , antifa goes crazy and claims nazis are marching in the street, 
   what 's needed is a form of confrontation that does n't incite violence and finding that balance is hard . 
  there were people throwing rocks at the camera in this video . 
  do you really think they 'll respond to any perceived attack on their culture with anything but violence ? 
  well and the fbi director . 
  and racists . 
  basically everybody except for clinton and the dnc, 
  you do nothing and leave them to participate in their backward culture , they radicalize you do something about it , they radicalize i 'm starting to see a pattern here, 
  that 's the basis of `` fake news '' and it 's so painfully obvious that only the biggest koolaid drinkers believe it, 
  you 're missing the big picture . 
  it was the russians * and * fake news that got trump elected, 
   also , the evidence is not weak , all us intelligence agencies have determined that the russian government was , in one form or another , part in the hacks . 
  if there 's such overwhelming evidence then why is the intelligence community so unwilling to brief congress ? 
   i always thought a phobia is an unsubstantiated fear . 
  yes , a phobia is an irrational fear . 
  my fear and apprehension of this culture does n't at all seem irrational after watching this video, 
   what are their ( french ) husbands doing ? 
  working . 
  plus if french men actually go and do something about it you 'll hear about gangs of neo-nazis attacking poor helpless migrants, 
  something something trump 's america, 
   there is always a way . 
  just a question of political will . 
  conveniently there 's a presidential election in france this year . 
  so we 'll see how strong political will is, 
  i mean , they are contributing ... they 're financing mosques in germany that even the migrants think are too conservative,
