hard to define it as comedy movie , it 's more like tragicomedy regarding cast and budget of it . 
  `` cenk & erdem '' do lots of puns but i 'm not so sure if you could understand their jokes . 
  i 'm not so sure about rates of sexual assaults but thievery ( pickpocketing , extortion etc. ), 
  this country 's getting more and more shitty everyday , and islamists are the main cause of it . 
  anyone who seeks another suspect for this setback is either a dumbass or an akp supporter . 
  there surely is a polarization and no one can deny that , but i think that this motion is changing on their behalf , not ours . 
  sunni attacks used to be called tragedies , now it 's daily routine of ours . 
  most atheists are pacifist ; even if they would n't be , only a few of them knows how to handle a gun . 
  we may defend ourselves for small attacks but if this polarization turns into a civil war , do n't assume we would have a chance against islamists . 
  best thing we can do right now is to learn a new language , and try to find a job either in europe or america . 
  ps : sorry for grammar, 
  inflatable goats . 
  i guess i should have posted a text post , sorry . 
  i 'm new to reddit . 
  as you can see on video , when i try to turn on my lg m227wdp , screen starts to flicker and turns off in a few seconds . 
  i tried unplugging the monitor and waiting for a while , and using other electric plugs . 
  is it something i can fix myself , if not , how much could it cost to fix it ? 
  ps i 'm using hdmi cable to connect my pc , but i do n't think system specs matter . 
  edit : i 'm guessing that one of monitor 's capacitors broke . 
  zf2 laser has snapdragon 410 , zf2 has intel atom . 
  pokemon go does n't support intel processors . 
  i 'm kissing screen right now . 
  thanks so much for informing . 
  once , an extremely strong headache happened to me when i was in plane . 
  first i started seeing some black marks , then completely lost my vision . 
  i was sure that it was a brain hemorrage . 
  ( got no idea why i was thinking like that ) i was n't able to call anyone for help , and my blood pressure got so low that i was about to pass out . 
  at that moment , i was sure that time of my death had come . 
  i did n't get anxious at all , i felt pretty calm but sad . 
  that clich\u00e9 `` flashing life before one 's eyes '' happened to me , and that life was mostly empty . 
  i realised that i did n't make enough bad choices because i did n't make enough choices . 
  in my whole life i just sat and watched my youth passing away and did n't participate in it . 
  it was the worst feeling i 've ever experienced . 
  a few minutes later , i realised plane have landed already i was unconcious during that time . 
  then i learned that pain was a common thing with people flying and have sinusitis , and since i have a low pain tolerance my blood pressure got too low . 
  tl ; dr : strong headache , thought it was brain hemorrage , realised i wasted my life , got sad , passed out , learned it was just sinusitis . 
  ps : sorry for bad english and using too many `` i `` s, 
  i do n't have any problems with sensors , but pogo 's battery saver does n't work on my phone either . 
  that 's weird . 
  what ? 
  it will remove some of unnecessary bloatware and you 'll probably have slightly better battery life . 
  i also feel like it 's faster after factory reset but i 'm not so sure , it may be confirmation bias . 
  you really should do it . 
  it seems android os is using too much battery . 
  i had the same problem and it got fixed after i did a factory reset . 
  i also heard turning off `` wi-fi scanning '' ( wi-fi tarama ) in top right menu of location settings helps battery drain . 
  you can also try turning off google now cards from top left menu -  settings of google application . 
  these are all i know . 
  as far as i know , you can not root mm for now . 
  we are still waiting for it . 
  google app --  top left menu --  settings --  now cards --  show google now cards --  disable, 
  thanks so much for your comment . 
  i am aware that i look older . 
  i would get rid of my moustache but when i try to , i get a greenish shade on my skin which looks weird . 
  thank you . 
  i want to shave that moustache but when i do , hair roots make a greenish shade on my skin . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's a positive or negative comment , but thanks . 
  thanks , i 'll consider your suggesition . 
  turkish . 
  maybe similar geneticts due to geological position . 
  do n't know . 
  i look like a caveman with a full beard , tried that before . 
  thanks for your comment . 
  tried that full beard before and i looked like a caveman . 
  and none of my friends recommend to have my hair cut ( had a short hair before ) . 
  i 'm afraid to try a new-modern hairstyle , do you think i should give it a shot ? 
  it 's really hard to find one in turkey , especially in city i live in . 
  but i 'll do my best , thanks . 
  as i said , hair roots leave greenish shade when i shave my moustache , and i get a stubble in 5-6 hours . 
  so moustache is a must . 
  once , i tried plucking a single hair of my moustache and you have no idea how much it hurt , i think i will pass out of pain if i try to wax it . 
  and i 'm not really into self-care and cosmetics stuff , i ca n't keep waxing and using foundation every morning . 
  actually i 'm skinny-fat ( 1.72 m and 64kg with almost no muscle ) and gon na start to lift in a few weeks . 
  thanks for advice . 
  i 'll ask trainer for help on diet . 
  heard it 's about eating carbs before and proteins after workout while hydrating all the time , is it right ? 
  i 'm definitely not and expert on bodybuilding , but as far as i know running/cycling/cardio makes you lose weight , not gain it . 
  instead of running , you should lift heavy weights ( not extremely heavy ) and eat regularly . 
  hahahahah , you could n't be more right . 
  i normally cringe when people take my photos . 
  these i uploaded are just random selfies i took about a week ago . 
  first one was selfie taken with professional camera with macro lens , that 's why it looks weird . 
  i 'm not very much into smiling though . 
  i do n't understand what you exactly mean , i posted 3 photos which one of them is just like you asked ? 
  i forgot to post a profile though . 
  i completely disagree . 
  he could look like a norse god with a full beard and an undercut . 
  thank you so much for replying . 
  i 'll consider your recommendations . 
  shaved hair roots of my moustache make a green tint on my skin , and it grows before evening like i 'm in puberty when i shave in the morning . 
  btw , got any idea why i keep getting downvoted ? 
  i 'm currently trying to grow a stubble or a beard , let 's see how it goes . 
  my aunt ( lives alone ) eats cheese , bread , olives , tomato and cucumber for every meal everyday , and drinks about a liter of tea per day . 
  she also uses medicines ( especially antibiotics ) without any prescription . 
  i really wonder how she survives . 
  a mother, 
  wow , thanks much !, 
  as i said i guess my testosterone levels are low ( gynecomastia , pot belly , early stage hair loss at age 20 , anxiety etc , i 'll consult to a doctor soon ) , so will this problem cause me to lose muscle instead of fat while trying to lose excess fat on calorie deficit or should i be ok ? 
  should i do high reps with low weight or low reps with high weight ? 
  should i do cardio ?
