  if i should , long intense cardio or hiit ? 
  should i eat more quality fats or should i stick to low-fat protein diet ? 
  i feel lost in all these stuff , i have more impotant stuff to care about and these stuff take too much of my attention . 
  thanks for info . 
  so you say , i should start with a calorie surplus , right ? 
  many people told me i should do as you say , and many say that i should start with a calorie deficit . 
  these kind of stuff confuses me . 
  bad . 
  bad bad . 
  always thinking about why i do n't have any close friend , never had a girlfriend , why i ca n't socialize like most of human population , why did i push myself into a life i never asked , why do i always turn to the starting point after all my efforts . 
  it seems i have nothing except my family . 
  at least i have my family though . 
  thanks so much for the reply , genuinely . 
  i 'm not quite in mood right now , maybe later . 
  can someone summarize this case for an outsider ? 
  who is james comey and what is this case ? 
  i started playing it yesterday , and as you said i get about crashes about every 45 minutes . 
  i 'm playing on a mediocre gaming laptop , that may cause the problem though . 
  the funny thing is , these islamists were playing the victim before they were elected . 
  their main propaganda was based on being oppressed by kemalists and military , and surprise-not-surprise , liberals hopped on that bandwagon . 
  because of dumbness of these liberals , we are currently living under a de-facto islamic dictatorship . 
  it is sad and funny to see western world doing same mistakes we once did . 
  if you do n't take your precautions immediately there wo n't be any reason for you to witness what we did . 
  note : i saw same news posted on other subreddits months ago , but these headlines were mentioning about ** planning ** to remove evolution from high school biology . 
  it got official just today , there wo n't be a single lesson about evolution in high schools mentioning evolution from next year . 
  oh it seems i forgot mentioning the point , they did not show their extremist side until they fully accessed power . 
  they acted like little innocent babies who were just trying to live their religion on their own . 
  as they gained power they overrode sharia laws over modern secular country . 
  are you serious about buying into alt-right propaganda ? 
  about after all these things we have encountered , i would be hypnotized by some biased , short-sighted western ideology ? 
  we 've all seen what khoumeini did to iran , we 've seen arab spring , we are now watching how assad is defending his country against islamists . 
  in many many examples you should have clearly realized that islamism is no ideology to reach a consensus . 
  you can not force women to wear burqa and let men do whatever they want if you want to fit in european view of freedom . 
   yeah but those countries you 've mentioned were already 90 % + muslim . 
  you guys talk as though europe has a an overwhelming amount of muslims compared to non-muslims already who are just slowly taking over government institutions . 
  first , in general european birth rates are very low , and muslims ' all around world is much higher . 
  second , the problem with islamism is not just obtaining majority , problem is after reaching them enough population and support they would cause distress , which would lead to insecurity in people to their own citizens . 
   you also ca n't force women not to wear a hijab or w.e they want in government offices and universities . 
  it 's called giving people choice and it 's a basic human right, 
  it 's not basic human right when your ideology is based on oppressing women by men . 
  i do n't mean to offend by this but hijab is much similar to a collar , just like an owner forces it 's slave to wear it to show ownership , hijab is simply a sign of women are owned by men . 
  so , why we are n't able to trade slaves , is n't it my freedom to buy or sell one ? 
  i do not mean `` leftists '' , i mean `` liberals '' as lib-left . 
  no i am not biased , i myself was a liberal once . 
  i thought all ideologies could have lived together in peace and harmony , we could sing john lennon songs and reach a golden state with hippies all around world . 
  but we kept getting massacred , slaughtered , beaten , harassed etc. 
  i see myself a leftist , but not a lib . 
  not ancoms , not radical leftists . 
  edit : i do not post often , i do n't discuss with people normally , i see stuff , i upvote and i leave . 
  i may not be browsing worldnews for a long time but i 'm keen on reddit for a while . 
  it was the only english article i could find and it 's prohibited to post non-english articles . 
  you can search google with turkish keywords . 
  i guess you do n't , but if you blame me for that you can look my profile and see that i upvoted that post . 
  here are some turkish articles since you asked for other sources . 
  i 'm an ex-muslim myself , nearly my whole family and majority of my friends are muslim . 
  i know what islam is , i know it 's sects , i know it 's history . 
  i 'm currently reading parts of quran , i read it 's critiques , i randomly read hadiths . 
  do n't confuse me with those alt-right rednecks who think whole world consist of america . 
  religion and culture are tied together with a strong bond , and culture carries behaviour . 
  there 's just a slight difference between nations and religions , and that is you have the illusion of choice in religions . 
  mostly you ca n't . 
  yes . 
  what you asked was a matter of discuss i have been having with my friends . 
  some of my friends think that it is possible , but i do not think it would be since quran is not a book like bible . 
  jesus was never a ruler of any country , and afaik bible does not contain anything about ruling a country ( law , economy , jihad etc. ), 
  but quran has some of those . 
  some parts of quran endorses fighting against non-believers in a way , does bible have something like that ? 
  ( idk , enlighten me ), 
  also according to many sects of islam , quran is not the only source for religion , there are also books of so-called-words ( it is unclear whether these belong to him or not ) of prophet - which are called hadiths have much more massacre , endorsement of incest and many more bad stuff . 
  so , could religion be modernized ? 
  imo perhaps up to a certain level but not more , since it 's brutality comes from it 's source . 
  i 'm guessing that it will slowly fade away when people use internet more commonly and access information easily . 
  sorry for bad english . 
  thanks . 
  right now i 'm in medical school , i 'm planning to specialize in psychiatry in germany as soon as i graduate . 
  i 'll take a wild guess , did you watch vox youtube channel ? 
  we are still not sure , but if that coup was a genuine attempt , it was made by gulenists , an islamic group funded by cia which brought akp to government and funded them . 
  erdogan got more and more powerful over time , so gulen tried to take him down but failed , and erdogan started a witch hunt against gulenists . 
  that 's the summary of last coup . 
  1980 coup was against socialist/communist uprising , it had nothing to do with islamists and it only made them stronger , since their major enemy were gone . 
  vox intentionally manipulates facts . 
  i do n't know why , but they do . 
  thanks for all the information . 
  considering what you said , then i 'm not really sure if islam could have some kind of reform , i guess i do n't know or guess enough about what would future bring . 
  let 's just say that we will wait and see . 
  i did not see anything about banning speech of evolution in sol 's article , does n't it only say `` excluded from high school curriculum '' ? 
  plus , removing a lesson from curriculum means that teacher ca n't make students responsible of learning of that lesson or ask any questions about it in exam , and \u00d6sym can not ask any questions about it in ygs . 
  these are literally the outcomes of removing evolution from curriculum . 
  i did not intend to post an article from sol since it 's highly one-sided , but it is prohibited to post non-english articles and i could n't find any other article . 
  minister of education stated that evolution is adjourned for college education . 
  read this chain :, 
  i guess we are in different wavelenghts here , but you just quoted that minister said education of evolution is adjourned to college education ? 
  does n't that simply mean that it is not going to be teached in high school ? 
  i am not able to see your point . 
  edit : it is legally prohibited for teachers to ask about subjects that are not in curriculum . 
  teachers can not ask what whatever they want in their exams . 
  they can not even spend a whole hour talking about it in class time . 
  afaik evolution is only taught in 1 section through whole high school education , remove that and you have nothing about it . 
  and i can not simply see any other subject to implement evolution in it . 
  i think you are being too optimistic about it .
