i do believe it . 
  the reason iraq is not under complete isis control is the shia militia led by the iranian army . 
  in the eyes of people like her , iran is the reason muslims are sperated into shia and sunni and they have to be destroyed for it . 
  hey , do n't sent her to iran !, 
  we have enough crazy exterimists as is . 
  we do n't need more . 
  i 'm in noway in support of that `` thing '' but banning stuff tends to have the opposite of the effect intended . 
  best solution i can think of would be teaching them otherwise . 
  in germany there is this thing called `` schulpflicht '' . 
  literally kids are forced to go to school . 
  this way one can at least teach the new generation that objectification and oppression of women is stupid . 
  so long as the government would go the extra step and stops mosques from spewing hate and bullshit . 
  peer pressure forces them to put that thing on . 
  baning the burka will end in these women being pressured not to leave the house at all . 
  i was there . 
  it was cramed so not easy to get through at all . 
  if you happened to be pushed in a groupe of assulters it was really difficult to get out or get help . 
  it 's a relatively big festival for a small town like darmstadt which is about 30 km south of frankfurt . 
  if you think about it the name of the city itself is ridiculous . 
  sure did . 
  sauciest meatballs ever !, 
  you know he does !, 
  why dose the new radical right-wing has such thin skin !, 
  i mean they pretty much started their carriers by bashing left for the same thing . 
  are they this stupid , that they do n't see the irony ? 
  he did n't name iraq . 
  like at all !, 
  not even implied it . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  i think if the cdu/csu had implemented it we 'd have riots on the streets but since the spd did it , people were just baffled . 
  seams possible . 
  itt : people who do n't understand not all middle east is saudi arabia and also people who think all feminists are bra burning rad-fems, 
  women rights are shit in iran but it 's no way close to saudi arabia . 
  the mandatory hejab in iran is horrible but it 's only long coats and a loose scarf on you head . 
  women can work and own businesses . 
  there is actually a tech startup scene in tehran because unlike your western feminists who spend their times learning fifty shades of gender in university about 60 % of graduates in fucking stem fields are women . 
  instead of being neckneards and making fun of women and brown people maybe you all should see this as chance for both nations to learn from each other . 
  maybe through cooperations like this the iranian government will finally allow some much needed reform happen so thatwomen 's rights gets the improvement it desperately needs and your rad-fems learn to pull their head out of their asses and understand the real world . 
  so , if you are in civil union do you also get the same tax status as you were married ? 
  i am so legally illiterate . 
  damn !, 
  well , then you guys have a heck of a large limit . 
  well , i liked your comment . 
  i also think it makes a really good point . 
  the broken system let poeple like those idiots slip through were as thousends that actually need help are left out in some subhumanly conditioned camp in turkey . 
  it 's shameful . 
  are those winged-hussars ? 
  always makes me smile !, 
  selfish political aspirations ?!, 
  from what i gather , it seems like he more wants his name to be attached to the reform than to pass the reform it self . 
  i get your point but do you think if they refuse to do so and leave iran in isolation , that thing will get any better ? 
  everytime something like this gets posted , someone comments with your exact arguements . 
  i 'm really interested to know . 
  what would you do ? 
  the islamic republic was in isolation for 12 years and in that time stuff got gradually worse for everyone . 
  the morality police came in existence and many more shitty things happened . 
  i think now that they 've opened up for trade there is more leverage to help better the human rights situation in the country . 
  but do tell me how you would `` force '' them to get better . 
  or you know , schlo\u00df nymphenburg !, 
  sigh , as someone living in frankfurt , this is not something that the average citizen is happy about . 
  rent is already high here and rampart gentrification is happening at every corner . 
  if brexit ends this way this city will no longer be for people with normal income . 
  bankers and financial advisors will drive us all out . 
  can someone visit it as a tourist ? 
  went vacationing in a region of south bavaria with 5 huge lakes . 
  came back covered in red itching blisters all over !, 
  i see you have much about your personality to still improve . 
  dude , we have a subreddit . 
  there are literally dozens of us !, 
  dozens !!!!, 
  seriously ? 
  that 's your take from my comment ? 
  i agreed with op . 
  this heatwave is way worse in portugal at the moment and i know that . 
  i even admitted that in my comment but again this is not a contest in who has the shitties weather . 
  just because some areas of the earth reach 52 degrees in shad sometimes , does n't mean i ca n't bitch about weather conditions that are unusual in central europe . 
  no man , my condolences !, 
  you guys have enough on your plate . 
  what with the fire and the heath wave and all that but still it 's not a contest . 
  it 's 35 degrees with humidity around 50 % you get this feeling like you 're walking around covered in a wet wool blanket . 
  we 're not used to this !!!!!!, 
  can i visit ? 
  here in frankfurt is like 35 and it will get even hotter tomorrow !, 
  not op but i think it 's more of a kneejerk reaction . 
  we have achieved a point in diverse societies do not profile people according to their background . 
  for example if someone made the case that , all black people steal and do shady business , you would n't hesitate to call them a racist bigots . 
  however the problem with these huge clans of `` gypsies '' is that it 's genuinely part of their culture to not integrate with modern society . 
  it makes the topic really difficult to even discuss , let alone find a solution . 
  we 'd need to find a way to remove their need to steal or beg or for shady husstling without destroying their cultural identity , which is not an easy task . 
  i remember reading some where that anytime someone tries to get out of that life or like study at university or something they get pushed out of their families/clans / community . 
  how can the young be educated if their parents toss them aside for it ? 
  austria-hungarian empire ? 
  yes , you can into relevance !, 
  maybe it was in protest ? 
  they came to the ballots to show support for democracy not for the two candidates . 
  the holy roman empire shall rise again !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0ehckgvymm bitch please !, 
  the magic of meister eder knows no bounds !, 
  http://dlspeed.ir/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/voroojak-www.downloadspeed.ir_.jpg on that site you can download the show with the persian dub !, 
  dude , meister eder is even known in iran !,
