fair enough . 
  not sure why i was downvoted for advocating safety though . 
  i get that , but a helmet has saved my life on two occasions : once when i was mountain biking and went over the handlebars , and once when i was hit by another cyclist who was on his phone . 
  both times i got a severe concussion with memory loss and the whole nine yards . 
  you may look goofy but i 'll always advocate helmet use . 
  the princess of all people ought to wear a helmet . 
  that 's almost unbelievable . 
  what is your sales tax ? 
  here in georgia ( the state ) we have a 6 % sales tax on everything but food , where the sales tax is 2 % . 
  therefore i can say with certainty that the washington redskins are not offensive . 
  i saw a dead bear there once . 
  i think it fell and broke its neck . 
  europe 's cool , man . 
  damn dude , it 's up to 153 now . 
  unimaginable . 
  your freedoms end when they start to infringe upon others by causing them harm . 
  the way i see , some old loon denying the holocaust does n't immediately harm anyone . 
  yelling `` fire '' poses an immediate threat . 
  does denying the holocaust immediately put lives in danger ? 
  do they leave out the part where guy was tortured for days on end ? 
  straw man after straw man after straw man . 
  you are a joke of a man ( or woman ) . 
  good thing that does n't happen . 
  but i guess as a communist sympathizer you know more about starving than anyone else . 
  again said by the proponent of genocide . 
  go to north korea and starve to death if they 're so comparable . 
  absolutely not , but the two countries are n't even close to comparable when it comes to atrocities . 
  never argued against that . 
  you seem to think that the ussr was painted in a bad light and was better for human rights than the west . 
  that makes you either an idiot or a supporter of genocide . 
  or both . 
  europe and european politics are very important and interesting . 
  i try to have an actual world view . 
  you on the other hand ... you just defend genocide and dictatorships . 
  you 're the only fool here . 
  ah , there it is . 
  you broke !, 
  since 2003 about [ 160,000 iraqis have died , ] ( https://www.iraqbodycount.org/ ) mostly from islamist forces . 
  about a million afghan civilians were killed when your beloved soviet union invaded . 
  the soviet union was the most evil ( or possibly second most evil behind nazi germany ) empire ever . 
  and you support it !, 
  you are a terrible person , and your lashing out is childish . 
  you have no real defense . 
  do you know how terrible it is to starve to death ? 
  it takes months . 
  after a day your stomach really hurts , and soon your body is eating itself . 
  eventually parents would eat their children . 
  and it was all done on purpose to millions . 
  you support [ this ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-zgnfy9czmms/u6oiu6gq0fi/aaaaaaaab3c/sezzzfywnnq/s1600/tumblr_luqc9zjyu31r3sn0vo1_500.png ) . 
  now go and bring up another tragedy that does n't compare to your evil empire . 
  the traul of tears was terrible and it killed a whipping ... 2,000-6 ,000 indians . 
  every native american killed before 1776 was killed by another government . 
  the katyn massacre alone ( a little known execution of polish officers by soviet troops back when the soviets were nazi allies ) killed 22,000 civilians . 
  the rape of berlin killed 100,000 civilians . 
  the gulags killed millions of civilians . 
  holodomor killed 5 million civilians . 
  so are you an idiot or is genocide cool in your view ? 
  i 'm thinking a little bit of both . 
  the ussr killed at least 30 million civilians in its run . 
  that is quite a bit more than all of nato combined . 
  you 're obviously an apologist though , so there 's no changing your mind . 
  please , go live in north korea to see the echoes of the ussr . 
  and if we 're lucky you 'll never come back ( i kid , i kid ), 
  one was far more extreme than the other . 
  the better counter-example of the ussr is nazi germany . 
  both are extreme ideologies that do n't work . 
  hey you got roger waters performing the wall . 
  the beautiful land that op and his/her family have called home for thousands of years , that has survived countless wars and been the only secular middle-eastern nation in the past 100 years , will go the way of iran . 
  it can be hard to leave the country you live in . 
  and if the guy is totally turkish his family has probably been there for thousands of years . 
  it 's heartbreaking . 
  ok , do y' all realize that the reichstag fire was actually most likely not caused by a nazi ? 
  the night of the long knives is a better example , that 's what got hitler popular with hindenberg . 
  he 's good in shattered glass, 
  pull for the military , if only because erdogon will be a dictator for life if he wins . 
  i 'm sure they 're providing cap but also jets are loud as hell and they 're scary . 
  i love how europeans love to comment on american politics but get annoyed when americans talk about european politics . 
  unless you 've lived in the area your opinion is meaningless . 
  god forbid americans tell movies from american perspectives . 
  should i hate german cinema for making * das boot * , * generation war * , and * stalingrad * ? 
  after all , it told the perspective of the war from the worst side . 
  * generation war * had the audacity to insult the pols that germany tried to very hard to eradicate . 
  to be fair , they were doctoring your tests anyway . 
  for the pols it may be irrelevant , but there were a lot of british and dutch troops in southeast asia . 
  lol , compare that to the recent russian production * stalingrad . 
  * not even close in terms of propoganda . 
  would you rather americans not tell the stories of their ancestors ? 
  * band of brothers * is a true story . 
  the battles , the camps , etc. 
  it all happened . 
  * saving private ryan * is not a film i love , but it follows one group of americans over the course of a week in a small part of france . 
  what the hell is wrong with that film ? 
  it even shows the americans being stupid . 
  the film is an attempt of condensing most of the american experience in wwii into a three hour film , and it does a decent job at it . 
  at the end of the day , the us mainland was not in danger like other countries in the war . 
  americans were dying in a far off land , long ways away from their family and loved ones , there 's a detachment from home . 
  did people not understand this ? 
  also , it 's not like steven spielberg has n't tackled other aspects of wwii - he made * schindler 's list . 
  * i find these arguments weak and stupid . 
  the comment you replied to said that the war was won on soviet blood .
