  you contended with that saying that the soviets helped start the war . 
  what i guess you fail to realize is that does n't negate the claim that soviets paid dearly to win the war . 
  how you can not understand this , i do n't know . 
  the russian state view of wwii is far from the american view of vietnam . 
  most americans see vietnam as a mistake and a fruitless endevour . 
  funny enough , [ most vietnamese have a popular opinion of the us . ], 
  ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/04/30/vietnamese-see-u-s-as-key-ally/?amp=1 ) i ca n't speak for france . 
  in russia , the great patriotic war is ( perhaps rightfully ) seen as one of the culmination of everything russia , the states true triumph in the face of certain destruction . 
  it vaulted the previously fledgeling country into a superpower . 
  the problem is that many in the state do n't count anything from barberosa as part of the great patriotic war , allowing them to make it so black and white, 
  not even close dude . 
  sure , but not to the level of nazi germany . 
  plus , the sheer human and individual cost incurred by the soviet people is mind-numbingly horrific . 
  1 in 2 belorussians killed , 800,000 + put to death by siege in leningrad , plus the actual holocaust . 
  stalin was a prick but most of his ( and lenin 's ) victims were soviets . 
  i just think that that 's important to consider when berating the 20 million + dead soviets . 
  this is false , i 'm as far from a tankie as one can be but hitler 's responsible for scores of people outside the holocaust . 
  * the pianist * is great , it shows a lot of pols doing awesome stuff . 
  it 's a french movie i think , though . 
  the worst was * generation war , * that was straight up insulting to you pols . 
  poland definitely does n't get enough credit for the incredible resolve of its people . 
  one happens way more than the other , and at much greater forces of magnitude . 
  it 'd be like comparing a guy who murdered his wife to a mass serial killer . 
  yeah , one are bad , but they 're not in the same realm . 
  comparing anti-abortion attacks to islamic attacks is so disingenuous , they 're not even in the same league . 
  but which bailout ? 
  some of them were under bush , some obama . 
  i do n't think that obama was an * awful * president , but not being an * awful * president does n't make him a * good * president . 
  i would say that clinton , reagan , h. w. bush , nixon , lbj , and kennedy were all better in certain ways . 
  it 's hard to say which president was `` better '' than another because context , impact , etc are all so important . 
  for example , lbj 's legendary domestic achievements do not negate his horrible foreign policy . 
  likewise , nixon 's foreign policy mastery and creation of the epa do not excuse how damaging we was to the presidency as a whole , which is still felt today . 
  as for context , reagan 's presidency had problems but it reformed the political landscape and many presidential historians laude him for restoring faith in the presidency ( which was important , as no president had been popular since kennedy ) , as well as reframing the cold war as a must win objective rather than an accepted state . 
  as for how much that actually contributed to ending the cold war , i have my doubts , but regardless , his ability to dictate the narrative was impressive . 
  and then i liked clinton because he was generally a low-key president , but time has n't been kind to him . 
  repealing glass-steagall , the community reinvestment act , and overall deregulation were essential to the 2007-2008 recession . 
  additionally , his failure to act against terrorism or osama bin laden as he grew proved disastrous . 
  i do n't know how much we can blame him for that , but that 's certainly a black mark . 
  as for h.w. 
  bush , i like him because of his awesome foreign policy ( which included successful wars and humanitarian missions ) , as well as responsibly raising taxes . 
  i guess my point is that there is a lot more to being `` cool '' or `` someone i 'd like to have a beer with '' when deciding who was who and was n't a good president . 
  it also depends on what you think makes a good president . 
  is it their ability as a statesman , to make deals ? 
  lbj was the best ever at that . 
  was it impact ? 
  that 'd probably be reagan . 
  was it improving the lives of as many citizens as possible ? 
  that would probably be lbj , as long as you were drafted ... 
  i 'm not a presidential scholar by any means , but that 's my tl ; dr opinion after a lot of study . 
  that 's not a good barometer in which to measure a president 's success . 
  the us was in the middle of a terrible recession when obama took office , unemployment was over 10 % . 
  short of nuking the world , the country was going to be better off when he left . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  a lot of ex-presidents are viewed fondly , even when they may not deserve it . 
  bush , obama , clinton , etc. , all of them jumped in the court of public opinion as soon as they left 1600 pennsylvania ave. that 's just how it works . 
   i think you could argue that if he had taken the reins a few years later into his career he would n't have been so shaky on a lot of issues his first term . 
  this is perfect . 
  obama and trump are very different , as you pointed out . 
  however , they do have something major in common : both of them were elected because of their persona rather than any record . 
  obama was everything you said , attractive , funny , inspiring , etc. 
  but , like trump , he had little experience in washington , without any significant accomplishments to his name . 
  trump has this same issue - he was n't elected because of his business prowess ( which is overblown , he is n't a particularly successful businessman ) , he was elected because he `` tells it like it is '' and wants to `` drain the swamp . '', 
  experience is so important when deciding who is going to be * the most powerful person on earth . 
  * i really wish more americans could grasp this . 
  trump and obama both struggled in the opening months/years of their time in office because they were probably over their heads . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that , and neither are stupid or useless or anything , but that 's the fact of the matter . 
  i know that personality has always been a factor when electing presidents , but our last three presidents have pretty much ridden that to the white house , rather than policy . 
  his entire foreign policy was flawed . 
  the drone strikes and whistle blowers are just the most visible aspects of that . 
  he handled syria terribly , left iraq and went back in after only two years , massively escalated the us role in afghanistan only to draw them out a few years later , and now the taliban 's territory is its most since 2001 . 
  and of course the obvious failures in libya and with drone strikes are well known . 
  that 's on top of his mishandling of tarp ( made banks take money even if they did n't need it ) , fumbling of the bailouts , justice department problems , etc. 
  there is a lot of nostalgia because he was n't trump . 
  i hope that macron is a lot better than obama because obama * was n't really that good . 
  not true ... his entire foreign policy was bad . 
  the drones were just the most visible failure . 
  he could not have handled syria any worse . 
  he massively ramped up the war in afghanistan before dwindling it down to a point where the taliban is more powerful than any other time since 2001 . 
  left iraq and went back in . 
  and then droned targets in over a dozen countries . 
  obama is a cool guy and conducts himself well , but his presidency is not as rosy as some think . 
  france has been `` giving away freedoms '' since 2015 ... fn is certainly a ridiculous party , but france has not outright rejected fear . 
  they are far more restrictive than the us or germany . 
  i 'll take ya one further : many people on the right in america/uk wanted macron to win . 
  to americans , she was further left than macron on everything other than immigration/security . 
  her economics are quite far left and would be repulsed by every politician in america . 
  my number was recorded in 1939 shortly before the invasion of poland . 
  overall around 77,000 non-jewish germans were killed in concentration camps from 1933-1945 . 
  according to hoffman and evans , the grand majority of these were not private citizens but rather officials , soldiers , and politicians who were working to undermine the reich . 
  some were communists , catholics , or social-democrats . 
  i should have explained my point about nazis in another way - internal nazis posed the greatest threat to hitler and his minions . 
  germans did a very poor job fighting against the nazis when compared to other countries . 
  their general inaction , whether because of cowardice or contentment with nazi policies , shares blame for the war and holocaust . 
  a considerable amount of anti-hitler sentiment was within the nazi party . 
  pre-war concentration camps numbered around 20,000 , hardly a high number . 
   or do you think the holocaust was on the nazi manifesto in 1932 ? 
  i mean ... have you ever read * mein kampf ? 
  * it 's all in there . 
  `` the nationalization of our masses will succeed only when , aside from all the positive struggle for the soul of our people , their international poisoners are exterminated . '', 
  `` if at the beginning of the war and during the war twelve or fifteen thousand of these hebrew corrupters of the nation had been subjected to poison gas , such as had to be endured in the field by hundreds of thousands of our very best german workers of all classes and professions , then the sacrifice of millions at the front would not have been in vain . '',
