  you know . 
  the average hungarian derp will pick the huns for their first game 9 out of 10 times . 
  the hunnic fanboyism has been defining us since the middle ages , creating this artificial connection . 
  whether there were genetic ties or not did n't actually matter then and it sure does n't now . 
  the cultural influence is undoubtedly there . 
  thanks but mein deutsch ist nicht so gut . 
  interesting . 
  i did n't know you had different names for these periods of the kingdom . 
  culture and actions are intertwined . 
  if only it were about clothing and nothing else , but that is rarely ever the case . 
  the hijabs those women wore on the streets of birmingham are not `` just '' clothes or a skin-deep connection to some faraway ancestry , nor is the payot just a hairdo like any other . 
  if someone 's only cultural flavor is walking around in sari , then by all means , be my guest . 
  it 's obviously not the demographic i 'm referring to . 
   it 's one thing to subject others to smelling foul or whatever and it 's another to keep to yourself and your traditions . 
  a lot of times these two things are just contradictory . 
  you can hardly ` keep ramadan to yourself ' when having a job that requires a certain performance from you . 
  matter is , the example i wrote could be easily used to describe various problematic minorities by swapping the keywords , including one that we are no doubt both familiar with , starts with a `` g '' . 
  i have a problem with both that culture and the one that the hijab women come from ( heavy emphasis on ` culture ' and not ` race ' or ` country of origin ' ) , and honestly , i do n't give a flying toss about what you label me because i expressed my opinion on a social matter . 
  i would personally abstain from childish namecalling . 
  as i said our stance on that matter differs . 
  if my friendly neighborhood newcomer happens to be a devout pastafarian who insists on chanting loudly three times a day in front of his door , do a ritual dance in the middle of the playground every sunday to honor his ancestors , refuses to shower more than once a week because culture , god forbid even demanding that the city council erect a huge gazebo for him because it is a must-have in his culture then we have a problem . 
  it 's not about ` superior ' and ` inferior ' cultures . 
  it 's about you as a citizen having the right to have some influence on your environment and how you want to live your everyday life . 
  selling your house and move to another neighborhood for some peace , or otherwise be labeled as an ` ignorant grump who ca n't respect freedom ' is not what i would call a healthy society . 
  and make no mistake , that 's how ghettos and/or purely ethnic districts actually form in any ` multicultural ' city ever . 
  depends on who you ask and where the migrants in question come from . 
  a minority of right-wing voters would hate on basically anyone , the majority ( including most remaining lefties ) on the other hand has a preference list i would think . 
  middle-east muslims are definitely at the bottom of that list , and that 's the basis of the current shit show as well . 
  we had refugees during the bosnian war as well , but that did n't cause nearly as big an uproar as this , both because of cultural reasons and because that particular conflict was over in a few years and refugees who did n't already resettle in a western country could return home safely . 
  however there have been programmes in the past to settle chinese immigrants in the country , and that turned out considerably well ( not the biggest success story , but the 2nd gen is doing fine ) . 
  the current business elite just now proposed a similar plan to inject fresh workforce into the economy from a `` culturally compatible '' demographic , meaning preferably ukrainians . 
  i think it ai n't half bad for a plan and the general public would supposedly agree . 
  ca n't be sure about that but it would be worth of a referendum as well . 
  if a 3rd generation [ insert-ethinicity-here ] still acts , behaves , speaks , holds the same customs as a newcomer fresh off the boat , sometimes without ever even having visited his `` homeland '' then i 'll judge the hell out of that , as i think that 's just plain unhealthy for both the person and the adoptive society . 
  it gives the message ( intentionally or not ) that said person holds a specific culture in higher regard than the one that accepted them . 
  i did n't say anything about how hardworking or respectful they might be . 
  integration is not primarily about that imo . 
  we will disagree about that , `` bad '' method or not . 
  if i were to settle and start a family in romania , i would teach my kids to speak hungarian , but also to be romanian . 
  sue me i guess . 
  i do think that most jamaicans in the uk are n't that integrated . 
  they have the advantage of already speaking the language though . 
  if you still use a language for everyday life ( as in outside of the four walls ) that is not the one used by the natives , hold celebrations and holidays not related to the host country , still prefering to rather hang out with your own ethinc group whenever possible then no , i do n't think that could be called successful integration . 
  even if the person * can * adopt a behavior already similar to the natives if it strikes their fancy , they still cling on a community that en bloc refuses to do so for whatever reason . 
  in any given country , there are cultures that are more compatible with the ` host ' and also ones that are just not . 
  in rome , dress like the romans is what i 'm saying . 
  and if that 's checked no one will care what cuisine you prefer . 
  that 's my personal opinion anyhow . 
  hijabs then . 
  sorry , sarcasm flew over my head . 
  easterners do integrate better i agree , but i also understand the annoyance that large polish communities bring sometimes . 
  2nd generation are usually fine on that front though . 
  i do n't expect them to like it , i expect them not being hypocrites at least . 
  in my experience indians were the most tolerant of the bunch though . 
  they do keep clinging to their own culture but they were always acting very friendly both towards natives and other immigrants . 
  i appreciated that . 
  i lived in birmingham for years , and no , i do n't think they have . 
  if it were n't for the crappy weather , you could n't even guess that you 're in europe ( never mind britain ) in certain parts of the city including soho road . 
  2nd , 3rd generation immigrants go around in their traditional attire chatting away in their own language , shopping in their own ethnic grocer 's , rarely ever mingling with other groups . 
  women with burqas look you down on the street like you 're some filth for daring to wear jeans and tank tops . 
  infighting among ` clans ' in broad daylight is an everyday event , a lot of families still live by their own ultraconservative standards . 
  i personally did n't have any conflicts with them , even befriended a few of the more open-minded ones . 
  but seeing this demographic of all things judging and even looking down on eastern europeans for ` not being british enough ' is quite frankly ridiculous on top of being hypocritical as hell . 
  it 's a sound plan , looks like it 's working out for them too . 
  i 'm actually surprised that similar campaigns have n't started yet in other eastern-eu regions that have been struggling with the intense brain drain westward since forever . 
  why not try reversing it for once ? 
  nothing to lose with that one . 
  nationalists would be butthurt , but it 's true :p, 
  what problems ? 
  just curious . 
  i was about to agree until your last sentence . 
  was that really necessary ? 
  who the hell cares who they think their ancestors are as long as they do n't hurt anyone with it ? 
  the rest of the world sure does n't . 
  so what if they are as related to decebal as we are to attila ? 
  not the biggest concern for either country at the moment , we might as well leave each other 's bedtime stories alone already . 
  i remember my hometown hosting a few ( near the serbian border ) . 
  there were no problems other than the incident when a guy tried to steal a loaf of bread from the grocery . 
  much less of a headache than the most recent horde was , and that word is the correct one in this case ( masses of unaccountable people refusing to work with the authorities was a pretty new experience for the locals ) . 
  it was a madhouse here last fall . 
   we are europeans second , in some cases third . 
  speak for yourself . 
  there is an increasing number of eurocitizens that certainly think otherwise , mostly among the younger generation who like to get out of their bubble every now and then unlike their parents . 
  yes , even in the east . 
  i 'm in favor of a federalized eu maybe a decade or two down the line , but i also agree with your points . 
  i hope the west gets off the pc horse and the east eases up on nationalism in the near future though . 
  i 'm hungarian , and finnish is this weirdly unsettling thing to me . 
  just like with this vid , it has the same rythm and overall sound . 
  it feels like i * should * know it like no other but still ca n't understand a word from it for the life of me . 
  like a twin that grew up with down syndrome . 
  ( no offense to finns , i bet it feels the same the other way around ), 
  what are you even on about ? 
  sure , the western half of the continent is totally not concerned with terrorism , hackers and sensitive data breaches of the recent past , right ? 
  or kgb spies before that ? 
  they just sit on their couches and ask the mi6 and dgse to do the work for them , right ? 
  even if they do n't measure up to the aforementioned two on every level , they are still miles ahead of eastern europe who do n't have any experience in this field ( or even willingness to put some effort in it ) whatsoever . 
  i did say vicinity , not russia proper . 
  as for leverage , yeah . 
  i doubt that western european countries with powerful enough agencies of their own would allow such a thing on their own territories . 
  i do .
