  and i do n't really get why this should be a minority opinion . 
  prisons are curiously more frequent in russia & puppets ' / friends ' vicinity . 
  i 'm sure it 's accidental . 
  you mean the backdrop of the message , same as the anti-refugee ones inland ? 
  in both cases i think using the dominant eu color is intentional . 
  it does n't dare use the flag itself ( that would give daily mail readers a hissy fit right away ) but it 's suggestive enough . 
  smart . 
  as for the ads at home , i think he does realize how fidesz 's image as a whole is not nearly as popular as it was ten years ago , his personal ` charm ' is what keeps the thing still afloat really . 
  with orange , people would immediately associate the message with the party itself and a lot of them would not even read the words . 
  blue on the other hand is a more pleasant color not currently associated with any of the other parties , and its the eu color which draws the eyes of otherwise liberal/non-fidesz voters . 
  it 's a clever marketing trick . 
  if orb\u00e1n 's staff were half this creative with economic reforms we would already have a gdp miracle . 
  i wish more people shared your view in all three nations . 
  not that things are disastrous at the moment but there are still way too many hurr-durr nationalists around for comfort . 
  first and foremost the eu would need reforms , regardless of the brexit result . 
  some leave campaigners might be paranoid whiners , but they do have a few complaints that i think are valid , such as the impossibly convoluted and monolithic monster of a bureaucracy in brussels and leaving out the public of massively important affairs such as the migration policy or ttip . 
  monetary reforms in the eurozone should also be in order , better late than never . 
  also regardless of the result ( and after the above reforms were done ) , the 2-tier union should be a thing already . 
  in favor for a more centralised europe ? 
  to the door on the left please . 
  the rest can stay outside in their own treehouse club and stay as before . 
  all this aside : stay - no further privileges , everything stays as before with the uk most likely camping in the aforementioned treehouse and having to release their handbrakes for those who want to progress already . 
  no more holy cow treatment please . 
  leave - cut ties with them as requested , including access to the single market , unless they are willing to operate in the eea on the same terms as norway and not as switzerland ( meaning the eu migrants would come and go as they please without restrictions , significant contribution to the budget while not getting eu development funds etc. ) . 
  and relocate the financial institutes to paris , berlin or any other eligible eu city willing and able to operate them . 
  seeing as their trade would most probably intensify towards the commonwealth , uk exports to the continent should also fall back on the priority list . 
  they are n't in prison because the entire judiciary system is indirectly in their hands . 
  after the initial scandals , accusations can rarely ever go beyond government-paid lawyers and judges , the buddy-circle on the top pays very generously for certain individuals ' inaction . 
  from taxpayer money of course . 
  as for a coup : as i said there are simply no alternatives to fidesz right now . 
  a complete removal of the current elite would most likely create a massive and scary power vacuum that right-wing radicals would surely benefit from a great deal . 
  the last time that happened we allied with the nazis ( edit : and there was that crushed revolution against the soviets after that but that 's a different story ) . 
  people are understandably a bit more cautious about these things now and rather stick with the devil they know than risk something even worse . 
  i think it would help a ton if the eu would actually act on its authority regarding its own money and investigate some of these tossers ' dealings already . 
  in hungary , the current corrupt big party ( that won against the previous corrupt big party ) has implemented the divide and conquer strategy against its opponents so well that it has nothing to fear from the comically fractured left-wing anymore . 
  no one could match the charisma and turncoat brilliance of viktor orb\u00e1n for a decade now . 
  as an added bonus , they changed the constitution a bunch of times so it would be nigh-impossible to create and fund new parties . 
  government scandals and major corruption news make the headlines every day , but everyone is sure that these bastards will win the next election as well . 
  nothing short of a violent riot would stop them it seems . 
  so , doing what respectful diplomats should do by default , fidesz should take notes . 
  as for hungarians : no one is saying that our civilians have to celebrate a sad day for our own country at gunpoint . 
  this is n't about civilians . 
  they can very well feel how they want , but diplomacy is n't ( or at least should n't be ) about childish grudges that do n't benefit anyone . 
  they should know better , we pay them for it . 
  short version is : quality of life stagnates ( or it 's getting worse , depending on who you ask ) , while rents and general expenses keep going up . 
  i meant russians from russia . 
  good to hear . 
  best wishes to you . 
  i would n't put it past their politicians , but it does seem unlikely . 
  not particularly worried , i doubt that a couple hundred copycats spending longer holidays or incognito business trips here would bring about the continent 's descent into anarchy . 
  it would just make the eu look careless . 
  places can be persuaded , if you know what i mean . 
  we 're talking about the european kings of corruption here . 
  ( i 'm not judging , but it is how it is . ), 
  the whole crimea hullabaloo . 
  i do n't imagine it 's that difficult for a russian to obtain ukrainian papers , or even citizenship . 
  someone could correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  glad for them both , but is n't ukraine a possible trojan horse for russians at this point ? 
  in other news : water is wet . 
  honestly , what did we expect ? 
  that the jolly brotherhood of oligarch cronies would do something for transparency ? 
  pff . 
  too many smiling people for a soviet anything . 
  / s cool scan . 
  varies from country to country , as well as between age groups . 
  it 's a popular view in germany , not so much elsewhere , especially not in eastern members who only got their de facto independence back merely two decades ago and are clinging to their sovereignty tooth and nail . 
  then there 's this new surge in populism all over the globe . 
  i 'm very much in the minority in this , but the younger generation is generally more open to the idea than their hurr-durr conservative parents in a lot of cases . 
  honestly , i 've been for maximum eu integration from the get-go primarily because it would finally make this whole crap redundant . 
  it was part of a joke campaign of the two-tailed dog party , with the slogan of `` make hungary smaller ! '' . 
  you 'll notice the actual current borders as the outer frame . 
  equality and work for all were also the point of communism , and we know how that turned out . 
  i think they were just better at hiding them . 
  they are actual homeless people , and yes , bp has a lot of them ever since communism fell ( i do n't know about the situation before that , i 'm not that old ) . 
  it has little to do with orb\u00e1n , though it 's true that he does n't give a damn about the conditions either . 
  there are a few help centers for them here and there , but most refuse the opportunity because of strict rules ( these places do n't allow consumption of alcohol or smoking at all ) , and because of frequent thefts . 
  so they choose to rather go back to the street despite everything . 
  this is generalization of course , i do n't know exact numbers of either the free spaces in those centers or the homeless population , but that 's the general picture . 
  locals rather view it as an annoyance that makes busy underpasses and downtown parks unpleasant for everyone , rather than a social issue . 
  \u00c9desanya / \u00c9desapa - literally means sweet mother/sweet father , usually refers to one 's birth parents in a formal environment ( like on official papers and the like ) , but both in literature and common use it means a parent you have much respect for and a strong emotional attachment , which is not necessarily a birth parent . 
  for example if someone says in english `` she is my mother '' , you can not assume anything of the relationship between them , they might hate each other 's guts for all you know . 
  but when someone says '' \u0150 az \u00e9desany\u00e1m '' instead of '' \u0150 az any\u00e1m '' , positive implications are automatically applied . 
  there 's nothing untranslatable about it . 
  it means : `` my dear '' , and is said to a highly regarded so . 
  nice try . 
  take a donut . 
  for those wondering : it was switched to kerry to keep the alliteration . 
  perry the platypus = kacsacs\u0151r\u0171 kerry . 
  do n't even try to pronounce that though . 
  we definitely need more of him on this sub and less may . 
  well , not just on this sub actually . 
  well , i would n't mind being last on this one . 
  smelling your own fart , much ? 
  yeah , portugal is definitely the salty one lol . 
  there are two : one is 15th of march which is a remembrance day for the 1848 revolution against the habsburgs . 
  big political events , speeches , flags everywhere , but no partying ( the revolution was n't exactly a * yuge * success ) . 
  the actual party day is 20th of august , celebrating the foundation of the country . 
  fireworks , fairs , cotton candy , all that jazz . 
  not for only the upper class , no , but when i went to summer camp as a kid in the late 90s , it was 6000 huf for a week . 
  the lowest possible price i 've seen for the same thing in 2017 is 20k and it only goes upward .
