  and that is not what it 's about anyways . 
  it 's about establishing a common basis that it 's easier to work with and understand each other and that you can reference when things get too out of hand . 
  i do n't read/watch western ( or eastern ) news . 
  i only watch frontline videos and listen to what the soldiers say in them and read the odd comment on reddit or video hosting sites + facebook & twitter . 
  and what i 've concluded is that russians and pro-russians whine about ukrainians breaking the cease fire just as much as ukrainians and pro-ukrainians whine about russians breaking it . 
  are you seriously debating this right now ? 
  as for the mentioning of the violations in the western press specifically , if i did some research i could probably produce such an article , which of course i would have to ask you to do the same for russian media criticizing the russian army 's invasion of ukraine and their violating the cease fire etc. 
  which would lead us nowhere . 
  i will if you insist . 
  but i do n't see how that would change the fact that both sides ( rightfully so , i guess ) cry over the other side 's ceasefire violation in equal amounts . 
  what ??? 
  no way , man . 
  i would take a sunny 6 months of 25 \u00b0 c and a freezing cold , snowy , frozen lakes 6 months of -20 \u00b0 c over the year round slushy , cloudy , rainy 12-18 \u00b0 c good for nothing shite we call `` weather '' here any day . 
  dude . 
  maybe you did n't get the gist of my question . 
  the gist was , if i were to post these in a debate with a russian would that , generally , be enough to get a point across , generally , or would all of these be dismissed as `` western propaganda '' ? 
  generally . 
  i did n't ask for a kindergarten philosophy lesson on how to state the obvious . 
  what ? 
  are you blind ? 
  people especially russians cry `` minsk violation ! 111oneone '' everytime a ukrainian soldier farts . 
  stop lying . 
  it matters in both cases and there is an outcry in both cases . 
  well what are ya gon na do, 
  they do n't do it consciously . 
  it 's more of a slow brewing subconscious shift in mood , ideas , values etc. 
  that happens over the span of many years . 
  ah yes . 
  the good old `` before the us invasion , under saddam '' . 
  well . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  many canadians will agree that harper is a sell out . 
  hey man , do you consider the sources you cited legit unbiased sources in regards to russia ? 
  i would have thought the moscow times , the new york times , the guardian etc were n't too popular with russians and would get dismissed if i were to quote them in a debate . 
  or will russians accept these as legit information ? 
  picture 3 : `` they 're all coming to europe . 
  why do n't they go to other muslim countries that have a similar culture ? 
  or china ? 
  they need workers there ! '', 
  so much for that . 
  different from what ? 
  from women ? 
  yes . 
  we know that . 
  he was n't debating whether men are `` more '' geared toward war than women , though . 
  i think what he was saying is that this `` geared toward war '' thing as a whole is retarded . 
  totally . 
  these would n't even be mid tier in spain , france , or portugal . 
  it 's just news for kids . 
  they cover everything regular news covers . 
  ukraine , syria , global warming , ... the eurozone is just one out of many topics . 
  how is this indicative of anything ? 
  way to make a headline . 
  when have far right parties ever benefited anyone ? 
  what good has ever come from them being in power ? 
  their economic track records are terrible across the board . 
  they 're almost always communists/socialists ( in germany at least ) . 
  german legalese . 
  it 's like english legalese only 10 times more ridiculous . 
  there is no kurdish language education system ( is there ? ) . 
  i find that oppressive since they 're an indigenous minority , not immigrants . 
   let 's send people thousands of miles away from home in entirely unrecognisable and alien places to them . 
  let 's make sure they are entirely isolated on arrival , with no community support or familiarity with anything whatsoever . 
  you 're being sarcastic . 
  however , this is * precisely * what it takes to make integration/assimilation quick and successful . 
  it might be hard at first but ask any family who was put in the middle of a small town surrounded by natives 10 years later , and they will tell you that that was the best thing that could have happened to them . 
  compare how they and their kids are doing to families that moved in a flock of 100s of compatriots . 
  the putting people in ghettos/communities approach is outdated and has n't worked out . 
  it 's the root cause of most of our problems with immigrants today . 
   let 's ** send ** people thousands of miles away from home in entirely unrecognisable and alien places to them . 
  also , why * send * ? 
  are we * sending * them here ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  they are coming to alien and unrecognizable places on their own account . 
   it turns out that our ancestors seem to have been pretty terrified of wolves , as implied by the association of the proto-indo-european word with danger or evil , to the point that the word itself became taboo . 
  i 've always found that very interesting . 
  a lot of european nations seem to have demonized the wolf and adopted the bear as a symbol of `` benevolent strength '' while turkic and other peoples have idolized the wolf . 
  in reality wolves are not nearly as dangerous to humans as bears . 
  you 'd be lucky to ever even see a wolf , let alone have it attack you . 
  i wonder why our european ancestors hated wolves and loved bears so much when , from a factual standpoint , the exact opposite would have made more sense . 
  there are a bunch of organizations for a bunch of different purposes . 
  there 's nato , there 's who , there 's the un , opec , brics , ... not every country is a member of every single one of those . 
  the rrc ( refugee response council ) would be made up of roughly 100 countries ( out of all 196 countries of the world ) , deemed safe and stable and viable enough for refugees to live . 
  and , what 's even more important than the individual countries , is a fast acting response system . 
  in times of crisis , refugees would automatically be referred to a town or city ( they might even be able to voice preferences ) with a low quota of compatriots so as to facilitate integration , and all the legal paper work would be provided and handled by the rrc/franchise in the respective city/country rather than by every country themselves . 
  we would also have to define the status of `` refugee '' once and for all , and focus more heavily on repatriation . 
  maybe educate refugees in special nation-building programs that they can put to use and help their countries of origin once the situation has stabilized . 
  it 's not a well thought out idea . 
  i 'm only just openly brainstorming for now and welcoming criticism . 
  because it is . 
  afghans especially are great migrants to have here . 
  and the evil and demonized 15-30 year olds do really well for themselves in germany ( the women that everyone seems to be wanting to see migrate here , not so much - they take a lot longer to integrate ) . 
  many learn german within 2-3 years and are legally employed . 
  i 've worked so many shit paying jobs as a student with afghan colleagues , most of them recent migrants , some of them have a university education but did not complain once , about anything , while all the unskilled german welfare recipients who have never accomplished anything in their lives , and never will , were bitching non-stop about the `` hard '' work . 
  afghans are a-okay . 
  this * is * an isolated incident . 
  if people were fair they would post articles about the other side in the same relation that they do about the bad ones - which would be one article about every five minutes . 
  but they 're not ( fair ) . 
  so the image becomes heavily skewed and people dumb or racist enough not to put things into perspective will react exactly the way you do and think this is the norm . 
  i literally suggested this yesterday .
