  yes . 
  currently , because they smartened up , and from like 2012 to 2013 . 
  not in between though and that 's when most of them came . 
   how many prison cells do you think we have ? 
  there were acute asylum centrum capacity shortages . 
  they could even be the same buildings we currently use as refugee shelters . 
  the only difference between a prison and an asylum facility is that in the former the criminals , who violated our borders , would be behind locked doors , and not able to roam freely - and claim asylum and benefits under multiple identities . 
  or at all . 
  1 or 2 weeks in a locked room and i 'm sure even pakistan will seem like a nice enough place . 
  any building/room is a prison if you lock it . 
   and what if they did come from a wartorn country ? 
  what ? 
  you were replying to this statement of mine :  do n't let non-refugees abuse the system . 
  no documents ? 
  do n't make this about refugees when i was specifically talking about those who abuse the system . 
  1 fund camps in safe areas inside syria as well as neighboring countries . 
  2 do n't let non-refugees abuse the system . 
  no documents ? 
  how would that not have been better ? 
  why would i want people to like me ? ), 
  i hate people, 
  `` i personally ca n't see/feel it , at this moment , ( nvm the fact that i 'm not looking ) , so it 's not happening . '', 
  okay then . 
   i 'm glad we have so many people like / u/manere in this country . 
  people who react emotionally and to individual fates to something that should be approached mathematically ( cost and effect ) and in the grand scheme of things ? 
  how is that a good thing ? 
   first of all you didnt work for this anyway . 
  i was and still living at home . 
  if anybody then my dad payed for this . 
  dude . 
  this just goes to show how incredibly ignorant you are . 
  where do the refugees live ? 
  what do they eat ? 
  do they freeze to death or where does their heating come from ? 
  the entire bureaucracy behind it ? 
  how have i not paid for this ? 
   and i dont say that i have more insight then you  ( even though i have ) and ... there it is, 
  not for his volunteer work . 
  that 's admirable . 
  but for his attitude . 
  and for telling everyone who can see the bigger picture `` you just ca n't understand '' . 
  it 's him who does n't understand . 
  we 'd all love to volunteer and feel good about ourselves . 
  but we have to work jobs so that people like him can volunteer and then call us racists and pretend like they 're the only ones with insight on the issue afterwards . 
  these volunteers will just completely ignore any and every economic and social reality just because they 've made a few personal connections . 
  that 's just selfish . 
   i hope maybe someone of you understand what i mean . 
  i think everyone knows what you mean . 
  i think you 're the one not knowing what they mean when they say mass immigration poses a problem . 
  i ca n't believe people can think on such a small scale as you are displaying . 
  i ca n't believe people can be so oblivious to the bigger picture and all the implications , just because they 've made a few personal anecdotal experiences and friendships . 
  you 're so selfish . 
  good for you for having a `` great '' and `` educational '' time and experience . 
  who do you think paid for your good times ? 
  we 'd all love to have a great time , chatting with people from different cultures , and feeling oh so good about ourselves for helping people in need - but i hope you are aware that a country ca n't function like that . 
  yeahhh ... it 's pieken now , sorry :d, 
  i ` ma steal `` pieken '' from you guys if you do n't mind . 
  `` zwanzig pieken '' rolls off the tongue smoothly enough in german . 
  be interesting to see how fast i can make it a thing . 
  i 've always kinda hated tacken and \u00d6cken, 
  so basically you 're complaining about a low res google maps screenshot , edited with basic tools in paint and uploaded to some generic tourism website for simple illustrative purposes not being sophisticated enough for making the people in this completely inconsequential thread aware of some general locations and concepts and not living up to your arcgis standards ? 
  seems appropriate, 
  well that 's because we all speak different languages . 
  in german 20eur would be `` 20 \u00d6cken '' or `` 20 tacken '' etc. 
  bet there 's a dutch term for it too . 
  geographically speaking , [ a part of kazakhstan belongs to europe though . 
  germany has given asylum to tens of thousands of bosnian refugees during the bosnian war . 
  and hundreds of thousands of menial laborers before that . 
  so we 're good enough to take their unemployed construction workers and refugees but not their doctors ? 
  well , yeah , it 's not the uk but i bet brits care about putin killing europeans in ukraine . 
  my concern is whatever i make it . 
  france ahead of germany ? 
  no way man . 
  really ? 
  a lot of countries/nations share a name without actually having anything in common . 
  especially the name albania is pretty over used . 
  there 's the ancient one , in azerbaijan , then the scottish call themselves albannaich , and then finally modern day albanians . 
  also turkic avars and non-turkic avars . 
  same name , totally different peoples . 
  han-chinese and huns . 
  bet there 's more . 
  i was n't playing stupid . 
  i was genuinely curious . 
  i genuinely did n't see it . 
  up until a person took the time and explained it to me . 
  you 're essentially doing what you are accusing me of doing ( going in with a pre conceived negative bias about me , same as me with hebdo ) . 
  who is ? 
  ypg yeah . 
  but pkk ? 
   one of the cartoons in question very obviously pro-muslim refugee . 
  which one and how ? 
  instead of insulting me and being condescending , could you explain it to me , please ? 
  which i asked you nicely and respectfully if you could do that ? 
  just say no if you do n't want to , or just do n't do it . 
   on the other hand did you even read the entire thing ? 
  i offered an opinion on both sides . 
  wow . 
  i 'm stupid . 
  explain it to me , please . 
  what does `` 2 happy meals for the price of 1 '' mean ?
