  please do inform us !, 
  if ( hypothetically ) you were to vote for a pro-eu party and wanted to become an eu candidate would russia `` let '' you ? 
  this is n't a new thing though . 
  muslims have been hating on the gulf states for not helping palestine and taking in palestinian ( and iraqi ) refugees for ages . 
  so far nobody in the west has ever cared so i guess the gulfis took that as a `` what you 're doing is okay . '', 
  russians fleeing to russia from being protected by russia . 
  on a scale from mildly fucked up to russia , that is pretty russia . 
   eh have you ever heard of the darknet ? 
  they regularly take down market places and illegal porn hubs on the dark web as well . 
  if you think just because the feds do n't come knocking on your door for every shipment of weed you buy once in a while that means that place is n't being monitored , man , that is pretty naive . 
  have you ever actually * tried * to buy a weapon on there or know anyone who did ? 
  you need a fake po box or address , a fake bank account or a shady bitcoin site that there is a 50 % chance you will never see your money again , encrypt your mails/mailaddress ... just saying , it 's not as easy as 1-click-buy amazon . 
  oh dear lord i guess that 's enough internet for me today :d, 
  god damnit xd, 
  oh god i feel so embarrassed xd, 
  why ? 
  for speaking the truth ... or for calling someone speaking the truth an asshole ? 
  oh wait , that last one was n't me . 
  show me a country that is `` honest '' and `` upfront '' about anything ? 
  donald trump is honest and upfront . 
  legit politicians use diplomacy . 
  but if you prefer the likes of trump , i guess criticism from you is a compliment to any rational human . 
  well am i wrong ? 
  damned if you do damned if you do n't . 
  same thing with people crying for military intervention and then once it happens , everyone cries `` invasion '' and `` we should have just left them to sort out their problems on their own '' or `` you 're responsible for everything bad that is happening and will ever happen in that region '' . 
  people . 
  agreed . 
  just makes it look tacky . 
  it 's the phlegminess, 
  really ? 
  you are comparing a holy site to an entire country ? 
  really ? 
  there are places in the world that only christian men or buddhist men are allowed to enter . 
  ( some greek island among other things . ), 
  but that 's no big deal . 
  mecca/muslims are the only ones who ever seem to get shit for it . 
  all the time . 
  what about kurds ? 
  ( of all faiths ? ), 
  what about secularists ? 
  ( `` of all faiths ? '' ), 
  it was some one in the background who said \u043d\u0435 \u0441\u043d\u0438\u043c\u0430\u0439 ( do n't film ) . 
   i dont see problem with this , you are minority without homeland , and russia wont give you that borders.simple as that . 
   you cant have more privilege that russians living in russia , its not hard concept to grasp . 
  except that that is the exact reason why russia invaded ukraine . 
  and any other country where the russian * minority * does n't get * majority * rights ( at least !, 
  preferably even more rights than the majority ) . 
  but if anyone else wants the same its the most reasonable argument for starting a war . 
  that is why people have a problem with this . 
  ah sweet i love planes and weapon/armor design/research/technology i went mech because everyone told me you can always get a job/master 's degree in aero but not the other way around ( might want to go into bio/med eng too so i 'll leave that option open ) . 
  i 'm about to start my second year now and so far it 's been pretty chill honestly . 
  mostly ap level stuff plus some new things here and there . 
  materials science and applied mechanics are my favorite courses so far but i 'm looking forward to thermo , electronics , fluid mech etc. 
  if there are engineering related student clubs at your uni definitely make use of them ( i.e. 
  join ) . 
  its where you can put all that theory to a test and employers are fully aware of that . 
  other than that , have fun , man , first years the easiest . 
  that 's cool . 
  i 'm studying mechanical engineering in germany . 
  what about you ? 
  what type of engineering i mean ? 
  r/glasgow or r/scotland ? 
  what country do you have in mind and why ? 
  you say you 're from southeast asia . . plenty of strong economies in taht region , plenty of money up for grab , especially in aspiring nations . 
  so why europe ? 
  ( as an educated person you 're more than welcome i 'm just curious ), 
  ohh . 
  i see now . 
  oh i meant last names i thought that was obvious . 
  anthony kiedis for example . 
  and my neighbours last name ends in - eidis and he has lithuanian ancestors . 
  eesti - bestonia , it latvia - zemgus girgensons lithuania - basketball , curonian spit , used to be one country ( kingdom ? ), 
  w / poland , names all end in eidis, 
  how ? 
  not even close . 
  clinton is basically merkel . 
  bernie sanders is spd . 
  read what i said . 
  i said ezidis and christians were preferably sent to the west . 
  i did n't say no muslims were . 
  so wheres your proof that ezidis and christians are in the east though ? 
  you know ... before accusing me/him of lying for saying they 're concentrated in the west ? 
  i 'd very much like to see that . 
  that is also kind of the idea . 
  why the fuck am i being downvoted for telling you guys what my bro told me ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  my syrian christian friend . 
  he tried to join his family in eastern germany as a refugee but the ausl\u00e4nderbeh\u00f6rde told him all ezidis and christians were moved to the west . 
  no official source . 
  that is even what i said in my follow up post . 
  it 's six for families . 
  and by easily i mean they 're pretty much guaranteed citizenship after six years . 
  which is not a long time . 
  muslims are not . 
  they will often live here for decades without getting german citizenship . 
  what ??? 
  i am not leftist what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  it 's word for word what my friend told me what they told him when he tried to move to the east . 
  they said ezidis and christians ca n't because they get german passports and good aifenthaltsstatuses too easily and were only gon na move away so they focus on muslims who will have to stay longer because they wo n't easily get passports or any other type of aufenthaltserlaubnis that allows them to move freely okay since there 's about 10 times more muslims they obviously go other places too but the division is real how about you talk to some people instead of accusing me of conspiracy or being a leftist , you little punk ? 
  i currently live in mv and its not made up its what my syrian friend told me but thanks for accusing me of lying i even said that it was only what he told me and nothing official or anything so chill with the accusations,
