  we talked about politics and daily life , university , the job market etc. 
  in our respective countries a lot . 
  one of them was a real right winger and the other one was a total all-people-are-the-same hippie . 
  both of their perspectives were extremely interesting . 
  especially put into contrast with each other . 
  they taught us how to cook shakshouka or however you spell it :d the overall experience was awesome . 
  ( as has always been the case for me with couchsurfing . 
  but these dudes were especially cool . ), 
  they asked us to come visit them in israel . 
  which i 'm definitely going to do . 
  how was your experience ? 
  haha when we had israelis over and asked them about their favourite israeli foods they started to describe this mysterious awesome delicious peanut snack and we were all like `` oh man , that sounds like heaven , we got ta go to israel and try it '' . 
  turns out they 're just peanut chips and sold on every corner in germany for next to nothing and we 've all grown up eating them since before we can remember :d i think they 're popular all over europe too, 
  have you honestly never seen it ? 
  it 's sold in many supermarkets across germany . 
  jerky bites mostly but real beef jerky too . 
  you can usually find it near the checkout lines where the chewing gums and single serving chocolate bars are, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4wwqhodtyk i could listen to you guys speak english all day long . 
  it 's the coolest accent ever . 
  ( i also love it when finns speak german . 
  or russian . 
  everything sounds awesome when you guys say it . ), 
  for now the hydraulic press channel and rally videos will have to do but in the future i 'm probably going to have to move to a place with lots of finnish expats . 
  ast\u00e9rix dragon ball, 
  great success !, 
  op did n't mention they had to be available in english, 
  germany . 
  a lot of people would probably say `` die zeit '' ( center-liberal ) or `` faz '' or `` nzz '' ( center-conservative ) and while they are some of the more sophisticated and well researched news sources , they still have a strong agenda . 
  strong not in the sense of extremist , politically or economically , but in catering to their readership . 
  they hardly ever diverge from that . 
  i often find tiny local newspapers to be quite objective on global issues . 
  they will only mention global events in short paragraphs , ap or reuters style , so there is not much room , literally , for opinion pushing . 
  tends to pop up once or twice a year . 
  with valentine 's day coming up i think some of them might be legit ? 
  idk . 
  i know what you mean though , something about them just seems off . 
  but maybe all these people just really are that lame and uncreative and unoriginal to basically copy the same idea and the same message over and over . 
  it 's the meme-age , after all , where copying apparently is a virtue . 
  annoying ? 
  cool i 'm in . 
  i think there might be an exception if the last name is very common ( m\u00fcllermeyerschmidt ) , though . 
  my classmate and her brother both had a double surname , one being one of those common ones . 
  vietnamese - very tiny ( physically ) , organized crime , counterfeit products , nail salons , restaurants , stick to their own kind japanese - smart , cultured , civilized , polite , tourist groups koreans - similar to but more outgoing than japanese chinese - anything from hick farmers to nouveau riche billionaires , less cultured and polite than japanese and koreans thais , indonesians , filipinos - nothing really . 
  maybe mail order brides but i think that stereotype is antiquated indian hindus - it guys sikhs - `` wait , are they good or bad ? '', 
  `` but . . they wear turbans '' pakistanis - islamists , unhygienic bangladeshis - poor, 
  that seems very reasonable . 
  could n't agree more . 
  so do you also think if the majority of people in an autonomous republic inside russia want to become independent it should be up to them ? 
  and do you think russia should recognize kosovo ( since the independence is the result of it being up to the people ) ? 
  guess i 'll be the one brushing up on their history . 
  and it stops there . 
  russia and crimea go way back , pre-ussr . 
  russians feel much differently about crimea than they do about the baltics . 
   they could do a `` crimea '' to annex the areas of russian speaking populations . 
  read up on the history of crimea and you 'll realize how unlikely that would be and how incomparable those scenarios are . 
  really ? 
  from the black market or something ? 
  because we go to poland because the serious stuff is illegal in germany so we have to get it there and smuggle it . 
  or do you have even stricter laws and that 's why you come here for more powerful fireworks ? 
  or just simply because of the price and not the power ? 
  i live in a ghetto area . 
  kids light fireworks every night here especially friday through sunday but really any day of the week . 
  i love it . 
  i get mine in poland ( only about an hour 's drive ) . 
  better bang for the buck ) ), 
  furlong per fortnight, 
  what 's your favorite book by dovlatov ? 
  hm tatars from tatarstan are pretty similar to russians tbh . 
  from what i know they like to drink , play hockey , and have a good time in the outdoors . 
  but i could be mistaken as i 've never been there nor met one . 
  violence usually happens over contested territory/trades , not established ones . 
  when the mafia is really really big and well established you see less violence . 
  in germany we had `` a lot '' of mafia violence in the 90s . 
  executions in busy shopping districts in the middle of the day stuff . 
  it is almost non existent now because everyone got their piece of the pie . 
  i 'd imagine in sweden they 're still fighting for their market shares . 
  sure thing !, 
  kazakh  beri jaksi boladi = everything will be good . 
  edit : found it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scx9zkbpkdc, 
  plus , 20 % of the people who partook are non-russians ( neither them nor their parents nor their grandparents are from russia/ussr ) . 
  probably mostly americans . 
  it is . 
  a nato soldier holding a flag in a fellow nato country is highly provocative . 
  berlin 2 inner most zones of the city ( all most people need ) : 728 $ all zones : 961 $, 
  fukushima and semipalatinsk are red but pripiat is n't ? 
  yes !, 
  let 's completely ignore everything of the same sort russia has been doing for months and then call the nato reactions aggressions . 
  how desperate for a certain narrative can you be ... https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/21/russian-military-deploys-missiles-baltic-poland-lithuania-nato https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-07-06/putin-s-military-buildup-in-the-baltic-stokes-invasion-fears, 
  overrated, 
  so viewing the world in emotions = acceptable . 
  viewing it in numbers = edge . 
  alright then, 
  because you disagree ? 
  okay, 
  what ? 
  did n't we just establish that there would be camps in and around those wartorn countries ? 
  why would they be coming here ? 
  they would be held there . 
   except that it is . 
  it is what is currently being done to stop any arrivals in greece .
