  and `` he almost made it/so close '' ? 
  is it supposed to be criticizing europe for advertising giving out benefits ( but why the 2 for 1 , i do n't get it ? ), 
  and then poor , vulnerable people falling for it and dying ? 
  the `` so close '' is just mockery to me though . 
  like `` haha you almost made it , but you died , how sad lol '' . 
  i tried to look at it that way . 
  but could n't for the life of me see how it is showing what is wrong with our society ( the `` proof that europe is christian '' especially ) . 
  care to explain ? 
  i did n't even offer an opinion . 
  i just openly considered all sides and concluded that i can understand either . 
  where do you get a notion to either side from what i wrote ? 
  same as that other one `` proof that europe is christian '' . 
  was n't it jesus who walked on water ? 
  since when is jesus christian ? 
  and what about all the christian migrants ( africans , arabs ) who drown ? 
  on the other hand , those are only cartoons . 
  probably in retaliation for what happened ( i.e. 
  what some muslims did ) to their colleagues . 
  so while not ethical or even `` right '' , i can understand where they 're coming from . 
  but then again , aylan kurdi was a kurd . 
  fleeing from islamic terror . 
  only to be shit on by anti-islamists . 
  edit : ah !, 
  now i see it . 
  the `` so close '' was n't meant to be sarcastic - which changes the meaning of the whole picture ( i.e. 
  not mocking the kid 's death ) . 
  still do n't get any positive or neutrally analystic vibe from the second cartoon though . 
  pretty sure it 's asterisk asterisk asterisk, 
  oh wow thanks for the history lesson , i was only goofing around i thought we were naming non-german great emperors . 
  damn straight they were . 
  also genghis khan . 
  german . 
  it was just a prank, 
  thanks to usa and eu kosovo was also the poorest republic all the way back in yugoslavia and never had good employment rates . 
  i was trying to be funny, 
  steroids can impair your vision, 
  when did russia beat germany without help ? 
  but of course !, 
  putin and his propaganda about fighting isis ... when actually they went to syria to fight the us . 
  huh !, 
  guess we 're in for some neat air to air combat . 
  ( since that is all the us has over there , planes . ), 
  think dogfights . 
  have n't seen much of those in recent years . 
  colour me stoked . 
  it 's largely a thing of the past , i agree , however not with the people who are also racists . 
  they 're mostly both . 
  you can have two scapegoats . 
  you 'd have a hard time finding someone in the motherland who 's not a casual anti-semite . 
  that is what i was trying to make you realize . 
  unless the speaker is a racist `` caucasian '' does n't either . 
  yeah , as is `` jew '' . 
  give it billions of eur in bailouts ? 
  or what do you mean ? 
  not just the elite . 
  as morbid as this sounds but to people who are used to it suicide attacks are like a nuicance and not perceived as an imminent threat . 
  sort of like people living in tornado areas or areas that see regular floods . 
  they will go about their daily lives as usual . 
  but okay fine , then do n't believe me and go on thinking baghdad is still a warzone but i 'm telling you it 's not . 
  is it comparable to anywhere in europe ? 
  but it 's safer than it has been for many years and people can go about their business . 
  what `` no '' ? 
  yes . 
  i 'm not debating whether there are suicide attacks or not . 
  ( they 're used to them . ), 
  i 'm saying baghdadis could n't stop going on about how awesome it was when they were trying to get investors to come . 
  but now all of a sudden that they have a perspective of coming here it 's not . 
  that 's what i find dishonest . 
  thanks !, 
  your coverage is amazing holy wow !, 
  i cursed germany for being so ass backwards for days when i got back from the baltics . 
  according to baghdadis it is . 
  just whatever is convenient at the time . 
  baghdad is safe and flourishing . 
  for the past couple of years , because it benefited them , people in baghdad were all like , `` look our city is so great , totally not a war torn shit hole anymore . '', 
  and now , because it benefits them , it 's suddenly too dangerous to stay . 
  no way , man . 
  baghdad is more peaceful than malm\u00f6 lmao jk but it 's as safe as any city in the middle east will ever be . 
  an iraqi neighbour of mine even takes his little kids on vacation to iraq . 
  when i was shocked and asked him `` holy shit is n't that too dangerous ? '', 
  he just laughed at me and said `` nah , man '' lol . 
  and they 're ezidis , like the most persecuted minority in the me right now after the jews . 
  but even for them it 's cool to go . 
  thanks for the suggestions . 
  i will definitely check them out the next time i 'm in norway ( hopefully in the not too distant future ) !, 
   ( i know grieg but the other ones i did n't even know their names i have to admit with shame . ), 
  it just felt that way to me personally . 
  entirley subjective opinion . 
  norway , aside from the viking sites , and oslo in particular felt newer and less historic and less cultural and vibrant than the hague or rotterdam or amsterdam or utrecht or or or . 
  in the netherlands you come across so many museums , galleries , historic architecture , they have a historic naval presence and trade partnerships extending to south america and asia , which had a big influence on their culture as well , they had colonies , their culture just feels - again , to me subjectively - richer . 
  factually i might be totally off about that . 
  i 'm sorry if i offended anyone . 
  if anything it 's a testimony to my own ignorance rather than a critique of norwegian culture or the - wrongly assumed on my part - lack thereof , relative to nl . 
  do you believe the eu would invade finland or greece if they left and ~ ~ joined ~ ~ shifted slightly toward russia ? 
  more culture , more going on , more diverse , more central . 
  norway is beautiful but can get pretty boring and depressing to some people ( not me though ) . 
  it 's `` far away '' and you can get more exotic stuff in the netherlands than you can in norway . 
  you can buy nicer things for cheaper ( even relative to income ) . 
  i think instead of telling him/her * that * s/he is wrong it would be more interesting to all of us where and * why * they are wrong . 
  most of us do n't know the first thing about belarus ( i assume ) .
