  hm i didnt really follow that whole thing so i honestly do n't know . 
  but i do n't think so . 
  i do n't think many germans are even aware . 
  a syrian friend ( christian ) whose cousin tried to move to eastern germany to join his family just told me what they sort of admitted to him . 
  i do n't even know if its official . 
  martyrs is a french horror flick . 
  also 13 ( tzameti ) is georgian-french i think . 
  and `` a l'interieur '' is another one . 
  believe it or not that is actually kind of what germany is doing . 
  they 're moving all the muslim refugees to the east and restrict them from moving anywhere and all the christians and ezidis `` get to go '' to western germany and get german citizenship really easily . 
  okay ? 
  so what does that have to do with ( not ) turning a blind eye onto isis fighters crossing into syria through turkey in 2015 ? 
  i am not even talking about the border as a whole . 
  in the case of the mexican-us border people have been crossing through holes in the fence or across the rio grande . 
  with turkey-syria it was through one of a handful of official border checkpoints leading into kobane and jarablus . 
  they have knowingly been letting isis members cross into syria . 
  i am only talking about those cases not the inevitable illegal crossings . 
  also , i am talking about letting terrorists cross into syria . 
  not back into turkey . 
  they 're a lot stricter with that . 
  understandably so . 
  but they 've failed to grasp the fact that being lenient with people ( anyone but kurds ) entering syria will eventually come back to haunt them because 9 times out of 10 they 're terrorists . 
  that is ultimately what i was saying . 
  also , yes it is hard . 
  but that is why you have people who are trained and paid to do the job . 
  brain surgery is hard too . 
  but you simply can not fuck up or else people will have a bad time . 
  if you ca n't handle that kind of responsibility maybe you should think about changing jobs . 
  oh , i see , well if that is the case take everything you read on reddit/the internet and take the exact opposite of it and you 'll know what the majority of people aka the mainstream thinks . 
  reddit is the opposite of that . 
  and prides itself on it . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  but you should be aware of the fact before basing your opinions on what people write here . 
  `` second language ? '', 
  maybe . 
  so what ? 
  that 's globalization for ya . 
  also ... since when east london = `` london '' as a whole ? 
  man , it 's times like these that i wish i were n't an atheist just so that i could see these so-called `` journalists '' be put to justice for their incessant fear mongering . 
  yes , blind eye is definitely it . 
  at the very least . 
  the border controls going into syria ( aka joining isis ) were less than pathetic . 
  and everyone saw this type of behavior coming back to bite turkey in the ass with a vengeance from a mile away . 
  and , of course , it 's innocent civilians who are paying the price , as always . 
  =( my condolences . 
  so tragic . 
  honestly , man , how old are you guys ? 
  i 'm < 20 and no one i know hates or even thinks of bavaria any differently than they do of any other bundesland . 
  except for the fact that bavarian ( and baden-wurttembergian , for that matter ) high school diplomas ( and college degrees , to a degree ) are worth twice as much as all the rest of ours . 
  other than that - where do you guys get these numbers from ? 
  of course i can only speak for myself but it had the exact opposite effect on me . 
  i 'll admit that sometime between 2009 and now i 've gotten tired of greeks constantly blaming me and my country for everything and i 've caught myself thinking `` fuck it , they got what was coming to them '' on a few different occasions . 
  now this picture has put things into perspective for me . 
  between all the newspaper articles and reddit and facebook posts i forgot that the victims are just innocent citizens and it is purely by chance that i am not in their place . 
  they had no say in any of this and yet it is them who are suffering . 
  i now feel extremely guilty and genuinely sorry for everyone . 
  they did upgrade though . 
  islamic countries were relatively moderate , by religious standards , during the 1900s . 
  they just downgraded again . 
  have n't watched it yet but just wanted to let you know , that program is extremely leftist . 
  to the point where i could just barely tolerate it even during my most leftist years as a kid/adolescent . 
  and i 'm still a liberal on pretty much every issue including the more controversial ones . 
  so that being said , let 's give it a go . 
  i did not . 
  fuck im sorry man . 
  yeah because canada totally is n't casually racist against first nations the same way the eu is against immigrants , righttt . 
  what about an irc channel ? 
  damn . 
  they better have a rock solid definition of what constitutes terrorism . 
  otherwise it could get real ugly real fast . 
  nothing . 
  ~ ~ yes . ~ ~ not sweetened . 
  oh yaaah you betcha . 
  i 've heard great things about minnesotaah . 
  you 're probably tired of outsiders imitating the accent . ), 
  lol that sounds totally unrealistic, 
  if nobody wants to play with you maybe make your own eu . 
  middle eastern union . 
  and turkey can be the germany of the meu . 
  the bosnian one was so heart warming , 
  i 'm a country guy . 
  i could do without mass transit . 
  pond hockey in the winter and the beach in the summer is really all i need . 
  what is that mythical land/region you call your home ? 
  you better believe i am coming . 
  that is a good point . 
  so would citing vedomosti and kommersant be acceptable to a subscriber of komsomolskaya pravda do you think ? 
  thanks guys for the recommendations . 
   last but not least , back in 2008 a journalist kunher wrote an article in the washington times . 
  kuhner : will russia-ukraine be europe 's next war ? 
  i ca n't say i read the washington times but he accurately predicted how the ukrainian conflict will unfold . 
  that 's impressive . 
  that is very impressive indeed !, 
  wow . 
  thank you . 
  that was a great answer . 
  i was just wondering because you cited all these sources to describe what happened in your country and yet if someone were to pick up on any of the articles and quote them they would probably be dismissed so that that just seemed funny to me . 
  could you maybe recommend me like the best most neutral russian newspaper ? 
  or just your favorite one ? 
  you obviously do n't change someone 's views in one internet debate .
