  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%b6lkky for the uninitiated : it 's a game of tossing wood . 
  hey , so did we  still the worst haul of all time , not that it 's been particularly many medals the last 24 years ( the ones i remember watching , it 's been 2-5 medals ) . 
  no , it 's driven by pre-ww2 stats , when we won crazy amounts . 
  it 's been steadily declining . 
  wait , we can not into mongol ? 
  :( i guess findians it is , then ( the american kind , obviously not asian ), 
  standby ticket are n't really a thing , because if the airline overbooked , they 're required by law to pay out a pretty hefty settlement if your trip is delayed by any significant amount of time , be it because they overbooked , the airline had technical difficulties , whatever . 
  http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/travel/passenger-rights/air/index_en.htm in addition to a full refund , it 's 250-600 $ depending on the length of the flight , + accommodation , meals and such while they sort you out . 
  so they ca n't just sell low-cost tickets without a guarantee , because it costs them money if it causes overbooking . 
  hbo nordic has all the hbo series as soon as they premiere , as far as i can tell . 
  you do n't see a difference between one year and eight ? 
  they sold it to softbank years ago . 
  softbank sold its ' shares this spring to tencent , in china . 
  but there 's suomi-neito as well ( lady finland , but that 's not the greatest translation ) . 
  from the vaguely female-in-a-dress shape on maps . 
  another way to put things into context , after doing some statting at [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/population-demography-migration-projections/deaths-life-expectancy-data/database ) : 335,878 people aged 65 or older died in 2014 in spain . 
  so the problem is roughly 1000 $ per dead pensioner per year . 
  instead , you get to be questioned by police for comments you make on social media about your leaders , not to mention the thousands arrested under the pretense they had something to do with the coup attempt . 
  all the nordics are missing , but estonia is in . 
  estonia can not into nordic confirmed . 
  `` that will be # 8.50 , please '' `` stirling or sterling ? '', 
  `` yes '', 
  correct , it 's an olde english tradition , not a country, 
  why are you assuming it 's going to be shipped halfway across the world ? 
  these are environmentalists pushing for it , they push for local produce as well . 
  you would n't starve ( you 'd have plenty of calories ) , but you 'd be malnourished . 
  i went to a school with no dress code , and there was a guy who sometimes wore skirts . 
  he did n't get any more shit for it than the dude who had extremely thick glasses , the girl who had translucent wings on her backpack , or the girl who had a buzzcut . 
  you 'll stand out wearing a dress , but you 'll stand out for plenty of other reasons too . 
  there 's really no reason why you should n't be free to wear what you want . 
  before anyone takes this with less than a mountain of salt , go check out the methodology , especially the table near the bottom with summaries of the different components : http://integrity-index.org/methodology/ these are some strange indicators of corruption they 've chosen . 
  how many documents it takes to import/export something ? 
  the % of broadband subscribers ? 
  just to name a few . 
  estonia actually scored pretty poorly on e-citizenship , only 7.97 . the 8.82 is the average over the 6 categories . 
  i did n't look into the methodology to see why that 's so different from the perception . 
  http://integrity-index.org/ has the breakdowns by category , i 'm sure the methodology is somewhere to be found as well . 
  edit : found the problem . 
  e-citizenship is just the % of broadband , internet and facebook users of the population . 
  nothing to do with e-citizenship as i understand it really . 
  a lot of the methodology seems like a joke really , seems like they 've just picked simple stats that are widely available , regardless of whether they have any meaning . 
  melted asphalt would be extra sticky would n't it , not slippery . 
  that depends on how the contract was written . 
  i know some people who actually do get paid for their mortgage , as the interest rate was simply set as euribor 3 months + 0.1 , which is currently negative . 
  obviously the contract was written before the bank realized negative interest rates were going to be a thing . 
  newer contracts usually set a floor for the interest rate , usually 0 or the margin . 
  what 's 8 million ? 
  [ here 's a 3d photo mapping of the site in question ] ( http://bcove.me/6ncvregh ), 
  there 's a pretty big difference between 66 and 90 %, 
  have you tried being naked ? 
  there 's a difference between it being too hot inside , because you ca n't get away from it , while a sauna you can always step out of to cool off . 
  as for why you do it : getting a good sweat on is just a good feeling , and it 's very relaxing . 
  sure , the temperature that 's comfortable can vary quite a bit . 
  60c sounds a little on the low side , but i 've definitely been in saunas where around 70c is the sweet spot . 
  depends on the proportion of the stove to the amount of air , the ventilation , how high you 're seated , etc. 
  of course personal preference also comes into play , some people like dryer and hotter saunas , others like the cooler and wetter ones . 
  i like them on the hotter side usually . 
  still , i usually hit the sauna after the gym , so i probably drink beer less than a third of times i go to the sauna, 
  the sun is above the horizon for 18 hours ! = the sun shines for 18 hours, 
  you did n't start going to the sauna before you were 12 ? 
  it 's a room that has some steam in it when you throw some water on the stove . 
  however , getting it saturated at 80-100c would take a lot more water than at 40c , because the amount of water vapour air can hold is highly dependent on temperature . 
  [ take a look at this illustration . 
  ] ( http://www.saunasite.com/kuvat/t-temper.jpg ) just eyeballing it , the saturation point at 40c is around 50g water per m ^ 3 of air , while at 90c it 's 300g water per m ^ 3 of air . 
  100 % at 40c < -  15 % at 90c . 
  so the sauna might have enough humidity in it that it would be saturated if it were colder , but it 's nowhere near actual saturation at it 's current temperature . 
  a lot more heat , a lot less humidity . 
  80-100c would be a normal temp in a sauna . 
  97 % humidity at that temperature would cause severe discomfort , if not injury . 
  this . 
  seems like a terrible idea . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been in a sauna with painted wood . 
   the social democrats probably wo n't do very well in the future as most of their voters are headed for the grave . 
  unless they drastically change the retirement laws , there 's a large supply of future pensioners coming up . 
  you 're also further south . 
  just like karelian april is molten month , but sami april is snow crust month because it 's further north, 
  it says as a percentage of all families with children , so a ) is pretty clearly what it says, 
  the line is where the combination of usage and cost means a 20 $ monthly bill ( arpu = average revenue per user ) . 
  so left/below the line : average user has a monthly bill lower than 20 $ , over/right means a higher average monthly bill, 
  [ source pdf , ] ( http://tefficient.com/unlimited-pushes-data-usage-to-new-heights/ ) in case anyone 's interested . 
  funnily enough , if korplax were a placename , it would n't mean salmon . 
  in placenames it 's from an archaic form of ` lahti ' in finnish , so ` ravenbay ', 
  i think you 're disregarding that a prerequisite to getting the baby box is going to your pre-natal doctor 's visits . 
  i 'm reasonably certain better healthcare checkups during pregnancy has an effect on the birth age distribution . 
  at least it had a huge effect when it was introduced , i 'm not sure how well studied it is in modern times . 
  as do indians , but that might be because of the british . 
  but for all i know , it could be the other way around, 
  sticking to a clearly misleading title seems dumb whether it 's someone else 's word-choice or not, 
  op forgot the word ` currecncy ' from the title . 
  all foreign currency debts are paid off , remaining debts are denominated in dkk . 
  personally just saying `` around 1000 '' leads me to believe + -50 years , much like saying xth century . 
  it 's certainly up for interpretation . 
   the total monetary value of the products selected for the maternity package may not exceed $ 140 ( 0 % vat ) . 
   each year , kela awards around 60,000 maternity grants , of which about 40,000 are provided in the form of a maternity package . 
   the open procurement procedure is used , so the tender is open to all suppliers who wish to participate in the bidding . 
  both 1030 and 1061 are `` around '' year 1000 . 
  any map like this would by necessity contain some fudging of time , since it 's not a reproduction of an existing map from a single year . 
  that 's because china pays for it on an ongoing basis . 
  i think the point here is that leaving the eu would cut off the current way the uk pays for it ( eu membership ) . 
  i 'm reasonably certain they 'd negotiate a deal for access , but it would mean paying for it on an ongoing basis .
