  enough frozen swedish knives ? 
  did anyone actually read the article ? 
  what happened is this : - acrylamide occurs naturally in starchy foods heated above 250 \u00b0 c during the production process ( think potato chips , etc ) . 
  - this has been linked to cancer , but there 's no scientific consensus of what a safe level of intake would be . 
  - so the commission set out some guideline allowed levels for a bunch of product groups , because they want to lower it , but they do n't really know how far it should be lowered . 
  - a later draft changed some wording that seemed to make these ` guidelines ' absolute maximums . 
  the industry complained about this , arguing that there 's no basis for the chosen values , and the commission backed off . 
  this just does n't seem like lobbyists having too much input to me , rather than regulation waiting on some better science before they put in exact values . 
  the requirement to monitor acrylamide levels is still there , they can start enforcing limits when they know more about what a proper limit is . 
  why ? 
  because there 's no chemical difference between natural and added sugars . 
  ( well , mostly . 
  different sources of sugar can have different ratios of fructose and sucrose , etc. 
  but all the added sugars start out as natural ) as for why it was deemed illegal , it was because it was too selective . 
  it was a tax on candy and soft drinks , so cookies , for example , were exempt . 
  so it was seen as distorting competition . 
  the measure is stupid , but not for that reason . 
  60 % weight on life expectancy , which has a huge number of non-healthcare-system confounders , means that this is just a randomly fudged life expectancy list , and does n't really tell you anything about the healthcare systems . 
  i 'm reasonably certain they meant regional parliaments having a say , rather than just the national ones, 
  i think it 's a little strange that all these projections keep 65 years as the cutoff for when people become ` dependent ' , when people are living longer and longer . 
  i 'd be much more interested in seeing projections on what the ` retirement ' age would need to become to keep a dependency ratio somewhere around the current one , or some other values , rather than just assuming the retirement age is going to remain the same to 40-50 years from now . 
  adjusting retirement age is how it seems most likely to be dealt with in my opinion . 
  i 'm reasonably sure british operators are big enough to be able to negotiate roaming agreements that are pretty similar to this , if they want to . 
  where 's ukraine ? 
  not to mention saudi arabia , pakistan and nigeria , just off the top of my head . 
  that 's freestanding finns . 
  when there are attractors ( slot machines , bus seats , whatever ) we * can * fit into smaller spaces . 
  they would fill up so that your personal space is maximized of course . 
  we 're civilized , after all . 
  no picking the slot machine next to someone if there are free ones further away , like a weirdo . 
  ` great britain ' is the most commonly used name in most european languages ( translated , obviously ) , in my experience . 
  the only one where i recall seeing ` united kingdom ' sometimes used is french . 
  you think danish wages really fell 800 $ / month one year and then recovered 800 $ the next ? 
  that 's beyond unlikely . 
  the thing is , some of that outside-eu business is dependent on britain being in the eu , specifically the passporting rights in the op . 
  not all of it of course , but just cutting out the eu portion of business is severely underestimating the issue . 
  even if it does flourish , changes like that take a loong time . 
  i like how austria-hungary runs together . 
  no , netherlands is clearly tom bong-adil, 
  drexit , i think . 
  maybe condexit . 
  trexit is what happens when the driver falls asleep at the wheel . 
  or buttons , or whatever it is you drive a train with . 
  but it 's not just a case of linking to copyright infringing material : it 's doing it knowingly and doing it to earn money . 
  all these hypotheticals about the content of the link changing are really not affected by this ruling in any way , because that would contradict one of the three aspects that this ruling is based on : that you are aware that you are infringing on copyright by doing it . 
  because * a * hyperlink to copyright infringing material was found to be illegal , does n't mean that * any * hyperlink to copyright infringing material is illegal . 
  you also need to prove the other two aspects of this case : knowledge and profit . 
  any cases where one of those aspects is missing is still a grey area at least , if not outright allowed . 
  future rulings would clarify where the actual line is . 
  the link content changing after you posted it would in my mind clearly nullify the knowledge aspect . 
  if a court ruled otherwise , then i 'd agree that it 's technically ignorant . 
  but in this case they pretty clearly showed that they were perfectly aware of what the content they were linking was . 
  no it does n't . 
  it 's not a ruling that all hyperlinks to copyrighted material are illegal . 
  it 's a ruling that a hyperlink stating ` look at this cool copyright infringing material we found ' that they posted on a site they earn money from is illegal . 
  there 's still tons of grey area , this ruling just defined one end of the spectrum as definitely illegal . 
  you 're again misunderstanding what i 'm saying . 
  i understand that currently , roaming charges are more than the cost . 
  i even agree that these proposed changes will probably be good for consumers , but only on the average . 
  those who pay the least now , will pay more with these proposed regulations . 
  those who pay most or average , will pay less . 
  thinking everything will drop down to the cheapest price , or even close , is delusional . 
  i think you 're under some pretty heavy misconceptions . 
  those cheap operators wo n't be able to keep the cheap prices , when they have half their customers roaming in larger countries , causing the operator to get a massive bill for the use of that network , that they then have to pass on to their consumers . 
  that 's how roaming works , it 's not free use , it 's just free at the point of the consumer , the operators still charge each other for the use of their networks . 
  what 's now being argued are regulations about how operators are allowed to pass on those costs to their customers . 
  it 's about operators having to offer free roaming . 
  so as far as i understand that would mean no non-roaming contracts available anymore . 
  it does n't mean lower prices for everyone , though . 
  it means prices evening out across the union . 
  lowest prices will rise , highest will lower . 
  forced , yes , but they are allowed to charge for it ( they charge the home providers of the roamers ) . 
  so the problem is that those formerly cheap eastern european providers will need to start passing on those costs to their consumers ( even the local ones , since they are n't allowed to differentiate between locals and roamers ) . 
  [ a visual representation ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ybnei ) , from the [ pdf report ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/3217494/7596823/ks-01-16-691-en-n.pdf/0abf140c-ccc7-4a7f-b236-682effcde10f ) linked in the article . 
  riga , step up your game . 
  they 're accused of breaking eu law . 
  i doubt many people would be happy being charged with breaking the law either . 
  i 'm pretty sure that would fall under the traffic shaping rules , and be allowed . 
  they 're allowed to throttle or prioritize clear-cut categories of traffic , such as voip . 
  http://berec.europa.eu/eng/net/specialised_services/ this specifically mentions volte and iptv as being exempt, 
  this is true . 
  i 'm just trying to temper your excitement a little . 
  a 35 km underground tunnel system and a 90 km underground tunnel system are n't that different , no . 
  i 'm not saying it 'll necessarily run at subway frequencies , but even basic local trains manage 5-10 minute intervals during rush hours , and that 's essentially what this would be : a local commuter train . 
  no company can wait 40 years to turn a profit . 
  ze french seem to like it . 
  you 'd still have to pay tax in finland though , as far as i know . 
  at least that 's how it worked between sweden and finland when i did a short stint a few years ago . 
  subways run every 2.5 minutes during rush hour , no reason why the same could n't be done for these tunnel trains if there 's demand . 
  i do n't think this is right , turbulence should n't refract light . 
  light refracts between air of different temperatures though , so the correct layering of air of different temperatures would create a bending of the light, 
  i thought it said former french navy officer was a prime suspect . 
  the richter scale is n't used anymore , almost everything you 'll see reported these days is moment magnitude scale . 
  richter scale measured the displacement at 100 kms from the epicenter , so how severe a quake was was n't well comparable in different locations . 
  moment magnitude estimates the amount of energy released in a quake , so it behaves more consistently on all terrains . 
  it 's still logarithmic , like the richter scale , but a little squirlier , in that an increase of 2.0 on mms means a 1000x increase in energy ( 10 ^ 3 ) . 
  so a 6.0 is 1000x as energetic as a 4.0 . 
  an increase of 1.0 is in no way intuitive , as it 's 10 ^ 1.5 , or about 32x times stronger . 
  very large quakes hit the 8-9 range , so this one is about a thousandth of those . 
  over 7 is considered a major earthquake , so this one in italy would be right below that .
