  the futhark . 
  there 's an elder and a younger variant , depending on which timeframe we 're talking about, 
  it 's what we call a bare-faced lie , in other words, 
  journalists are exempt from that law . 
  i 'm sure lepen will defend herself by claiming equivalent status . 
  of course i 'm not a lawyer , so who knows how the case will go, 
  black bread has treacle in it , which is what makes it burn more easily , i think . 
  you can find whole grain versions , but not all black breads will be whole grain . 
  you could say ` ilmateitse ' for via air , if you wanted to keep the symmetry, 
  yes, 
  the stats i found said home electronics were the third largest portion of residential use , after lighting and refrigeration edit : it seems this is of non-heating residential use . 
  it 's kind of difficult to compare because they break down stats differently ( at least what i found ) , but industry and transport is about 45 % of electricity use in sweden , only 25 % in usa . 
  there could be differences in reporting , but it seems likely that sweden just has more electricity-consuming industries . 
  legal and democratically elected are two different things . 
  good to know , i guess . 
  all the maple syrup i 've seen for sale ( in finland and sweden ) , has been from canada . 
  my guess is if you 've had maple syrup , it 's been canadian . 
  no idea if there are different qualities for domestic use and export . 
  so i found a [ pdf discussing this ] ( http://www.origin-gi.com/images/stories/pdfs/english/14.11.24_gis_in_the_ceta_english_copy.pdf ) ( ca n't really judge the accuracy , seems reasonable in the introduction i read , did n't wade through it all or check the actual trade agreement text , but i think this gives some idea of the scope :  this note looks at the provisions in the ceta in relation to geographical indications ( gis ) . 
  about 20 of the almost 1600 pages of ceta concern gis . 
  ceta article 7 sets out the principles applicable to agricultural or food gis while provisions in relation to certain names and product classes are set out in annexes . 
  there are three annexes . 
  annex i part a lists the eu gis to be protected in canada ( wines and spirits are not included as these form part of a separate eu-canada agreement from 2004 ) . 
  this list contains 173 gis . 
  by way of reference , as of the end of october 2014 , there were about 1,438 registered agriculture and food gis in the eu . 
  so a little over 10 % of eu protected names also apply in canada . 
  the main issue seems to be that many things that are protected names in the eu are already registered trademarks in various contexts in canada , so harmonizing those two protections would be a huge mess, 
  that 's not what this means , as far as i understand . 
  it just means canadians can continue to sell ` cheap fake white cheese ' as feta in canada . 
  from an [ older article ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/eu-canada-greece-trade-idusl5n0xw2vw20150505 ) some googling gave me :  greece will tell eu trade ministers in brussels on thursday that the agreed text does not protect greek feta in canada because , under the terms of the pact , canadian companies using the ` feta ' name before october 2013 can continue to do so . 
  so what it hurts is ( possibly ) greek exports to canada . 
  it does n't change any rules inside the eu , only greek feta is allowed to be called feta here . 
  they set a limit of 7 $ per gigabyte . 
  you can get to 40 $ in a weekend easily . 
   a customer is a customer though , so the incentive might be low . 
  well , when the customer pays you 10 $ per month , but causes the dutch/german operator to bill you 40 $ per month in usage fees , you have a pretty strong incentive to get rid of that customer . 
  georgia has five crosses on their flag , so they must be a shoo-in, 
  kalle is a swedish name . 
  the diminutive of karl . 
  finnish took it from their benevolent overlords . 
  obviously not all hospital beds are in the er . 
  so you could have lots of beds available overall , and still have a severe shortage in a small part of the system . 
  bad google , jumalauta is goddamn , not damn . 
  you 'd need a top brace rather than a bottom brace on the opposite side of the wheel , which might be a trickier thing to construct . 
  the problem would be feeding logs would need to be synchronized pretty well , and you might be trapping the previously cut log inside the wheel, 
  if it 's over a certain temperature , it 's warmer . 
  if it 's under that temperature , it 's colder . 
  i did find the stat i was looking for in your link , but did n't know how to share that , so here 's a screengrab : http://imgur.com/a/blbry so it looks like 20-39 weekly hours proportion has been going up , with both 19 - and 40 + weekly hours going slightly down . 
  seems to support that 8 + hours daily has n't been increasing . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  hourly wage for nurses went up , but the cost to the employer ( per hour per nurse ) * did n't * . 
  the overall cost to the employer rose because they needed to hire more nurses to have the same level of service . 
  you could argue that that could have been dealt with by lowering the hourly wage , but that 's not the only reason it was too expensive . 
  that 's not necessarily measuring the same thing . 
  your link is averaged over both full-time and part-time workers , while the earlier person was talking about full-time only . 
  that part can have been going up while the aggregate has been going down , but a quick search did n't find me any data one way or another on that . 
  you put the proper clothes on before you go out . 
  people still go to work , school , bars or whatever they were going to do if it was n't freezing , in my experience . 
  you might avoid any extra walking outdoors , or you might take the opportunity to enjoy the crisp air as much as possible , depending on what type of person you are . 
  he , on the other hand , is only 2 years younger than donald trump, 
  do you want to sink into the sea ? 
  the night 's king was mentioned in a bran chapter somewhere , maybe when they were passing the wall ? 
  do n't remember what details were mentioned though . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  a fusion bomb is ignited by a smaller fission bomb . 
  the big boom part is fusion . 
  finland is bilingual ( in school more than in practice ) . 
  but i do n't know whether they report swedish as a foreign language for these stats or not . 
  sweet , thanks . 
  picked out the graph i wanted , road deaths per vehicle km : http://imgur.com/a/k1vpz, 
  is n't this more about the dangerous drivers rather than roads ? 
  also , knowing this as a fraction of kilometers driven would be interesting , rather than as a fraction of population . 
  edit : since / u/dunameos was kind enough to dig up a source on this , [ here 's the stats for deaths per vehicle kms ] ( http://imgur.com/a/k1vpz ) . 
  ( does n't include as broad a selection of countries ), 
  it 's good to see some traditions are upheld, 
  to be fair , the scots are also stuck on the same island as the scots, 
  so it 's a question of reporting . 
  new zealand only reports what goes into the landfill as waste . 
  either they do n't report recycling at all , or the report writers were too lazy to look it up . 
  only in the worst-performing region . 
  you 're more than that ahead in the average and best region . 
  http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-6sjfglh6nxo/uw3pntsu9vi/aaaaaaaaabk/fjytvc9c65g/s1600/screen+shot+2014-02-26+at+3.16.05+pm.png as close as i could find with a quick search . 
  the large building with the pillars on top of the hill that 's centre-right in the old picture is on the far right of the hill in the new one . 
  with one of the wall towers that are in the middle of the old picture just below it . 
  and obviously the new one is higher up . 
  it 's the old town as seen from north-north-west if you feel like looking for closer matches . 
  sounds like condensed milk . 
  recalled but not considered harmful to eat ? 
  that seems strange , but i guess it 's a question of dosage . 
  short term no problem , but limits are set based on long term exposure . 
  lenin simultaneously supporting the communists trying to overthrow the finnish government kind of sours any good feelings of the soviet union recognising the independence . 
  whenever you see a [ gallic shrug ] ( http://curiousprovence.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/french-facial-expressions.gif ) , you see a modern gaul, 
  it 's not like the vetoed law is completely out of whack with european democratic practices in all aspects . 
  plenty of countries have legislatures or the executive branch appoint judges ( or a combination , like the us supreme court for example ) . 
  it 's the combined firing all the old ones * and * appointing new ones that 's dubious at best . 
  so they 'll decide whether they want the quick fix power of being able to fire all the old judges they deem corrupt , or the slower fix power to appoint new judges whie they 're in power . 
  either is a big transfer of power , so they can claim a vistory , but not completely out of whack with everyone else in the union , so not as much protests . 
  the swedish is the original in this case , not the translation, 
  is a gyro a taco ? 
  it 's not ignoring it , it 's calculating it under the assumption that the thickness is the same in both cases , and seeing if the added surface area explains the difference , which it mostly does .
