then why did n't it happen in estonia ? 
  estonians are too superstitious still today , but pretty atheist . 
  sure , just giving my perspective . 
  i do n't know statistics , but my impression from my neighborhood in tallinn says most are mutts , many [ maltese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maltese_ ( dog ) ) and [ dachunds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dachshund ) . 
  of course it 's a bit different in the countryside . 
  trial was closed , journalists were not allowed in - they said some of their evidence was state secret . 
  we do n't know what evidence they presented nor what were the counter arguments . 
  eston kohver was allowed to meet with estonian consul only in the presence of fsb official who made sure no information was passed about the trial itself . 
  his `` defense '' was appointed by russian government , eston kohver turned down the attorney that estonian government hired for him ( probably pressured into doing so ) . 
  do you really think that all officials have n't been asking usa and eu and all other western countries for help all that time ? 
  as well as making demands towards russia about his immediate release . 
  many of western countries have expressed their `` deep concern '' and demanded him to be released immediately . 
  it 's been almost a year now , it 's been in the agenda all this time . 
  all the good it did to eston kohver . 
  you write as though we have not been asking for help , done nothing all this time . 
  do n't you think we ( or rather politicians ) have all that time ? 
  all those `` deep concerns '' have been really beneficial ... 
  it 's by the county that is closest to finland . 
  latvians call our country igaunija for the county that was closest to their land , in turn . 
  it 's more interesting that all the languages say fin-something for finland , but both finnish and estonian call them suomi/soome . 
  well , * sulhanen * means servant in estonian , but groom in finnish . 
  you are in trouble ( pulma ) if you become a servant ( sulhanen ) to your soul ( vaimo ) . 
  finnish to my estonian mind seem to be very straightforward ... 
  true , * hallitus * is the word . 
  there are other nice meaning pairs . 
  i like to bring up * vaimo * - * wife * in finnish , * soul * in estonian . 
  really , we have too many russians already - why would we want more russians with russian land ? 
  i think estonia would pass this . 
  same here , same here ... 
  wonderful !, 
  makes me want to go and visit latvian song festival as well as our own . 
  it would be interesting to experience the similar festival and songs , not have any clue as to what the words of the songs actually say , but you can just see it in their faces and hear in their voices how emotional they are about it themselves . 
  we had a similar experience here - seeing finnish tv near tallinn . 
  there 's actually a great funny documentary about that - disco and atomic warfare . 
  i recommend watching . 
  in actual texts the word is usually written j\u00e4\u00e4-\u00e4\u00e4r as well , just to make it more easily readable , but j\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4r is also correct form . 
  so , i do n't know whether it is more pure or not . 
  same here !, 
  were e and \u00eb considered the same vowel then ? 
  we in estonian have j\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4r ( edge of ice ) . 
  i love russian classical music , ballet , classical literature . 
  i am friends with several ( estonian ) russians who are nice people ( just do n't talk about politics ) . 
  i do n't like russian drinking culture and the pohhuism towards their surroundings . 
  i am terrified of russian politicians who act aggressively towards their neighbors ( while representing their country ) and have managed to manipulate people living in russia ( and some outside of it ) to support them . 
  they are . 
   addiction is a bitch . 
  before wwii , finland was considered one of baltic states ... 
    friendly people ? 
   when we 're drunk ? 
  :d actually , i was showing around to an australian last year and he said that he has found this stereotype to be untrue about estonians . 
  said everybody has been very friendly with him . 
  i think there are both friendly and unfriendly people in estonia . 
  like anywhere . 
  yes . 
  there will be elections this autumn where he can not participate any more . 
  the day is called vastlap\u00e4ev here and i am absolutely ignorant about where that name came from as it does n't really mean anything ? 
  anyway , pea soup with smoked meat and vastlakuklid ( look like swedish semla ) are eaten at that day . 
  for us they have evolved to have a dash of some sort of sour jam under the cream instead of almond cream , powdered sugar on top and some places also add a bit of chocolate . 
  yummy !, 
  also there is tradition of doing some sledding ( if there is any snow ) and whoever gets the longest slide will grow the tallest linen next year . 
  no matter that we do n't grow these things any more , everybody still does it . 
  there are also traditional games and toys associated with this day , as well as predicting future based on what is happening during that day . 
  i love the little suggestion of an upvote on that pic . 
  i once met with an israeli woman who went through mandatory conscription there . 
  it was fascinating to hear her talk about it . 
  since talking to her , i am also for both men and women to be conscripted . 
  with a caveat - you should be able to segregate based on physical abilities . 
  foot soldiers need much different capabilities than radio operators , drone operators , cooks , medics , cyber war , etc. 
  women are by nature weaker of physical strength - as proven by even top women athletes having lower results then men . 
  i understand that in israel , women go through the training for all those roles where lack of physical strength is n't an impediment . 
  then again , if it 's an especially strong woman , she should be joined with foot soldiers , and if a man is unable to cope there , he should be allowed to train for a role that he can fill . 
  also , conscripted people should be used only for defense . 
  that 's what 's not well with israel 's approach in my opinion . 
  kids do n't go door to door for easter here . 
  these days randel55 mentioned are mardip\u00e4ev ( 10 . november ) and kadrip\u00e4ev ( 25 . november ) . 
  each have their special songs and on each children dress up and go door to door and sing these songs and in exchange get candy etc ( and if they are not let in and given candy , they will `` jinx '' the house and its produce ) . 
  they dress as ugly scary men on mardip\u00e4ev and as beautiful women in white on kadrip\u00e4ev . 
  the waterfalls are actually amazing during the winter as well , depends on if you prefer more water or more ice . 
  you can go behind j\u00e4gala waterfall when it has iced over and it 's very cool ... 
  another one that should be added to the map !, 
  the singing thing had happened before that , 20th august it was formalized that we will become independent again . 
  actually , estonia also has a public holiday on 20th august - it 's independence restoration day , nothing to do with any saints . 
  if you could move 80km north and get 3x the salary you get at home ... maybe you would move , too ? 
  that 's the story in estonia for many people . 
  not necessarily . 
  for example , if an estonian wants to do business with a latvian , russian is most probably the common language - not english . 
  what with there being hardly any services available to e-residents , i am really impressed with the number so far . 
  if there will be more to actually do with the e-residency , there will surely be more applications as well !, 
  here 's a map i made some time ago on this topic : share of excise tax added to beer in eu countries in 2015 https://i.redd.it/6h0il7ac0i2y.png, 
  you should do several , like others ... let me add : http://www.gov.scot/resource/0038/00386120.gif, 
  can someone make it a map ? 
  vlad i mir instead - meaning vlad and world or vlad and peace alternately ... 
  i made it into a [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o8gtzts.jpg ), 
  it is placed in a way that it is very visible on many angles even far away . 
  not to mention that it is right opposite the riigikogu ( parliament ) building and on top of toompea which has been historically the center of power over estonia as a country . 
  i made it into a map : http://imgur.com/a/habwu, 
  already or still ? 
  from experience with rural population here , it 's often that they have been drinking through the night and continue after only a short sleep . 
  well , at least he was n't in europe , but still in america , in one of the most redneck states . 
  estonia ?
