hmmmm , slanina , now that 's something i have n't had in a long time . . 
  honestly , this is a fantastic development . 
  people bitch and moan about how much they hate the government under any government , but this guy actually did really illegal , really creepy shit . 
  let 's hope the justice system holds up in the appeal , 'cause he really needs to be behind bars , at the very least to serve as an example for assholes who feel they 're above the law and above reprimand . 
  itt : op has no clue what he 's talking about , starts flame war anyway . 
  vienna for sure . 
  it was the political and cultural capital of the continent for over a century , and as such influenced every part of europe , even those under ottoman occupation . 
  the city still has that vibe about it - it 's classy , powerful , romantic , everything you could ask for . 
  architecture , food , historical sights and friendly austrians are just the cherry on top of an already amazing place . 
  ** bulgaria ** most notably , university students in sofia renewed their [ occupation ] ( http://www.novinite.com/view_news.php?id=157556 ) of the main lecture hall of sofia university st. kliment ohridski , again demanding a resignation from the oresharski government . 
  i think we 'd all be pretty well-off if we reunited with west bulgaria ( a.k.a. 
  macedonia ), 
  ` mutri ' in bulgarian . 
  actually , for the most part , bsp supporters could afford to rent busses because local party offices used part of their collected membership dues , while dps chartered trains . 
  also , many of the anti-government protests were/are funded by gerb , so they 're on equal footing . 
  correction - ataka ( the fascist party ) never actually voted in support of the oresharski government , but their refusal to vote lowered the quorum size , making it possible to pass legislation with 120 votes , and no , there is no economic evidence that bulgarians were living on $ 3 - $ 4 / month in 1997 - certainly , people were poor , but you 're grossly exaggerating . 
  that was the last one . 
  we elected a new one in may , and the current protests started about a month after that . 
  yeah , well leaving the country is n't gon na make the situation any better , is it ? 
  good riddance , i say . 
  the population of bulgaria is actually not genetically slavic . 
  proto-bulgarians may have adopted the slavic language and customs , but remained very much a separate entity . 
  in fact , recent genealogical studies found that slav dna makes up less than 3-4 % of the normal bulgarian genotype , much less than what you 'd find in poles , ukrainians , and even serbs . 
  well , comonut already mentioned levski , but i 'd have to say berbatov . 
  he 's probably the only bulgarian most people can name off the top of their head , and damn if he is n't glorious on the football field . 
  the capture of [ adrionopole ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_adrianople_ ( 1913 ) in 1913 was an incredible military feat . 
  also , the fact that the alphabet invented by two bulgarian monks is today one of the major writing systems in the world . 
  damn you , irish !, 
  that title was rightfully ours !, 
  fact . 
  awh , hardly anyone has tried bulgaria yet . . 
  this is definitely the better of two shitty possible outcomes . 
  i 'd prefer to see the socialists ( bsp ) and the turks ( dps ) form a government , because the alternative would be a coalition between the conservative ( gerb ) and the fascist ( ataka ) parties , and that would be no good at all . 
  wow , for once bulgaria is winning at something . . 
  you do n't sell rakia by the liter , you sell it by the [ kilo ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmacwtjftk0 ) , obviously . 
  i can offer you 20 leva for 6 kilos ? 
  de jure , you must be 18 to purchase both tobacco and alcohol . 
  in reality though , not a single establishment i 've been to has ever carded me , or even feigned an interest in my age . 
  they 've tried to push for enforcement of the legal smoking/drinking age , but right now you can be twelve , and walk out of a corner store with a carton of cigs and handle of liquor , no questions asked . 
  smoking is pretty much universally accepted . 
  there 's been some recent legislation to try to prohibit it in bars and public places , but again , most establishments skirt the law and allow it anyway . 
  heavy taxes have been levied on ready-made cigs lately , in an attempt to raise prices to the eu averages , which has prompted a large portion of the population to buy cut tobacco and roll their own , which is much cheaper . 
  beer is consumed as freely as coca-cola , and is actually cheaper , most of the time . 
  most households distill their own strong drinks ( rakia , predominantly ) and wine . 
  weed is illegal , of course , but very easily available , and cops tend to turn a blind eye to it 's usage , at least in my experience . 
  psychedelic shrooms grow many places throughout the country , and have become almost as popular as weed . 
  other drugs , also illegal , are less common . 
  history begs to differ . 
  [ here ] ( http://i626.photobucket.com/albums/tt347/lantonov/karta_bg_migracii.gif ) is a demographic map of the balkan peninsula from the end of the 19th century . 
  it matches the treaty of san stefano nearly perfectly . 
  the distribution of land was correct , but yes , bulgaria would 've served the interests of russia , which was bad for western powers . 
  furthermore , the treaty of san stefano was later completely destroyed thanks to the treaty of berlin . 
  san stefano declared liberation and planned out a grand bulgarian nation , which both bulgarians and russians preferred . 
  the treaty of berlin , created by bismarck and the great powers a while later is actually the one that established the new borders , and the one that screwed us over completely . 
  compare bulgaria under [ san stefano ] ( http://www.promacedonia.org/en/dr/dr_map_34.jpg ) to bulgaria under the [ treaty of berlin ] ( http://seriesofhopes.files.wordpress.com/2008/03/800px-southeast_europe_1878.jpg ) . 
  that 's why we celebrate on the 3rd of march . 
  bad shit is happening right now . 
  massive protests , a broken government , foreign monopolies , wage/pension stagnation , and to top it all off - parliamentary elections in the summer . 
  ca n't wait to see how this plays out , but i 'm betting it wo n't be good . . 
  this unicorn is completely correct . 
  let me add to your list . 
  shumi maritsa - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tfet0f8sha koi ushi bairaka - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpnhscs9myw voda - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjqogtpyfnw, 
  the fact that your ruling party named itself after vmro , a bulgarian organization created to free macedonia , is in itself an insult . 
  bulgarian turks have every legal right to vote , as long as they live in bulgaria . 
  his party , however , ( the movement for rights and freedoms ) relies in part on the vote of turks living in turkey , who do n't live in bulgaria , nor speak bulgarian . 
  this is possible because bulgaria considers you a citizen , or at least eligible for citizenship , based on heritage . 
  these people claim bulgarian ancestry , get paid to vote , then go back to turkey . 
  ok , here 's what 's up - first off , the guy staring down the barrel is ahmed dogan , a bulgarian of turkish ethnicity . 
  he got his start in the late 80 's and early 90 's as more or less a domestic terrorist . 
  at the time , the bulgarian ( communist ) government was doing some pretty dickish stuff to the turkish population of bulgaria , including changing their names and threatening/otherwise harassing them . 
  this guy , dogan , in retaliation to the regime , blew up a fuckin ' train , full of women and children and everything . 
  he was thrown in jail , and later sentenced to 10 years . 
  however , as the communist government in bulgaria crumbled apart in ' 89 , he was pardoned , less than a year after being sentenced , and he immediately founded a political party , and entered the newly-democratized government structure . 
  here 's what you need to know about his party - it is completely ethnically-based . 
  they win seats in parliament because 100 % of the turkish minority in bulgaria is behind them . 
  they gain even more seats through election fraud - bussing non-bulgarian turks into the country to vote for them every election . 
  dogan has gone on to do even more scandalous stuff , which he was acquitted of recently , and his party is actually pretty influential - their support is in the teens , and they were part of the ruling coalition for 8 years , until 2009 . 
  this is why this assassination attempt matters - dogan knows that the fate of his political influence lies in the hands of ethnic turks in bulgaria . 
  any threats on him , or any sort of violence against turks will be seen as ethnic aggression , and gain him much support , and many more votes in the upcoming parliamentary elections . 
  ideally , these aggression would come from ataka - bulgaria 's nationalist , right-wing , insane fringe party . 
  they have had their sights on this guy ( metaphorically , of course ) for years . 
  that is not the case , however . 
  this is what does n't make sense about this whole scenario - he was attacked by another turkish-bulgarian , wielding a non-lethal gas gun ( maybe lethal at this range , i do n't know . . ) . 
  this means one of two things - either this was just a super-shitty assassination attempt , the motives behind which are murky and uncertain , or , and i feel this is the more likely case - he was hired by dogan 's party to carry out that botched attempt , with the sole purpose of gaining support in an election year . 
  of course , it 's confusing why they would hire a turk instead of a racist bulgarian , but i 'm sure the next few days we 'll find out more about this guy and his motives . 
  honestly though , was anyone actually surprised at france ? 
  did n't think so . . 
  it 's offensive ? 
  eat a dick , plz . 
  i suddenly see germany in an entirely different light . . 
  due to the bgn 's peg with the dm during the late 1990 's , that 's still the exact exchange rate of leva to euro !, 
  can i have one ? 
  wow , the audience really does n't want russia to win , huh ? 
  there is actually no real evidence to suggest that stalin , or any of his top guys , we 're actually planing on attacking the third reich . 
   dressing black today finally !, 
  the perfect occasion to wear my new grill , do-rag and bulls jersey, 
   german nudist sea lol . 
   love love peace peace eurovision in a nutshell . . 
  at the end of bulgaria 's performance : `` i do n't know that she was saying , but it sounded like ` buy me a loofah . ' '', 
  - `` and who does n't love a good loofah ?? '',
