i feel bad reading that . 
  where i 'm from we would ritually and rhythmically bang our cutlery on the tables chanting demanding poems like the spoiled brats we were, 
  god , yes, 
  lol dae kin selection ? 
  it 's like you researched homosexuality only so far as to maintain your homophobic worldview , and stopped half way through the course at * how * instead of progressing to * why * because you know it would undermine your worldview maybe you should complete the course and catch up on the evolutionary biologist module before spouting off your '' ` mental imbalance '' crap here 's a question - if you were to argue in court homosexuality is a mental imbalance and against evolution because of the babies or whatever , do you think evolutionary biologists and other experts who study the phenomena would back you up ? 
  after all they 're the only ones who could actually provide any validity to your claims . 
  would they back you up because you are right , or would you be left on your own , desperately clinging to 1950s textbooks and praying people buy it ? 
  if you would like to find out , by all means take me to court on charges of crimes against nature and let 's see who the experts back up , yes ? 
  that would be fun . 
  so if people from africa move to france or the uk to find a better life for them and their family ( which anyone would do if they were in the same position ) , that 's terrible of course , but people from france or the uk can move wherever they want like spain or australia or germany or africa or the uae because that 's their right because they are ... superior ? 
  entitled ? 
  holy ? 
  how exactly can you justify these double standards without basing it on nationalism and tribalism in which some are superior and more entitled than others ? 
  people from france who are against immigration would probably never see the hypocrisy in moving to the uk or the uae or anywhere else i bet . 
  it 's the same in the uk . 
  it 's all `` fuck immigration but i 'm moving to spain or australia for a better life or the uae for a better paid job because thats my god given right damnit '', 
  it was refreshing to see a `` religion of peace '' comment , you never get thought provoking discourse like that anymore, 
  i 'm sorry you 'll have to speak up my ears are still full of sand !, 
  italy you better blank russia at the post office or we wo n't let you chill with us anymore, 
  you can still advocate marriage equality and see gays as lesser or sub human at the same time you know , marriage equality is n't an effective way to gauge perceptions of lgbt people like people think it is . 
  just becase you say `` i 'm for equal marriage '' a few times online does n't mean you ca n't be homophobic , in the same way you do n't have to join the kkk or outright hate black people to have racist sentiment . 
  my family would love to attend my wedding , does n't stop them seeing me as disgusting , lesser , disabled and subhuman though . 
   note the rainbow flag as well . 
  wonderful people altogether . 
  oh i did n't see that one . 
  lol `` let us show you how many people we hate with this fire !!!, 
  yeah !!!! '', 
  i 'm gay and this nazi-esque scapegoating shit is despicable . 
  i ca n't even watch those documentaries like `` hunted '' , they make me too angry . 
  i wo n't forget these events any time soon . 
  oops - sorry about the repost, 
  the european commission is to open a formal investigation into apple , starbucks and fiat in relation to tax arrangements with three eu countries . 
  the firms ' respective arrangements with ireland , the netherlands and luxembourg will be investigated . 
  can we discuss this without using strawmen pedo/incest/beastiality arguments for once please ? 
  do you think you 're original and we have n't seen this strawman a million times ? 
   how is calling this crap sexism the same as being a radical internet feminist ? 
  stop acting like it is . 
  did n't you know ? 
  anyone who calls out sexism , racism or homophobia in the slightest is now an evil , evil sjw and as we all know , sjw are the worst kind of people who 's opinions should be * immediately * ignored and discarded * without * compromise because they 're just looking for reasons to be offended and are too sensetive and just need to grow a thicker skin and learn to take a joke and something something politcal correctness thought police femenazi literally 1984 my opinion, 
   do you laws influence it how people see each other ? 
  they might not change people 's minds , but at least it wo n't be second class citizenship sanctioned by the state . 
  at least the sentiment wo n't be set in stone and enshrined like that . 
  at least kids wo n't grow up being told they 're different , so they 're more likely to see it for what it is : just the same old love , the same old marriages . 
  so that 's definitely a start . 
  yes that 's a good point , movies and tv did help too i suppose . 
  although they were mostly written by heterosexuals ... the gay characters were played by heterosexuals ... and it was written from a heterosexual viewpoint ... who obviously are n't very experienced or knowledgable . 
  so it was kind of like being told what being gay means by heterosexuals which was obviously not ideal because they get it wrong , like , loads . 
  still , exposure is exposure !, 
  although i 'm * still * waiting to see some nice gay action on will & grace ... 
  harder !, 
  all of my yes for you, 
   to be clear i am all for gay marriage , but it would n't even rank in my top ten list of issues that matter most . 
  because you 're heterosexual and you literally never have to even think about gay rights unless you choose to ... 
  although to be fair , gay marriage is quite low on my list too . 
  education , bullying , mental health and suicide are way higher !, 
   and finally - let 's be honest - it 's an indicator of how modern a country is . 
  we * do * tend to popularize the latest trends and gadgets ... 
   they didnt ban anything just defined marriage as `` unique bond between a man and a woman '' are you familiar with the work of george orwell ? 
  i read this book that i think you would just * love *, 
   gay marriage was illegal in every single country in the world just 13 years ago . 
  i think the internet had a lot to do with it personally . 
  does anyone else consider how big a role these kinds of discussions on reddit and other sites over the years have played ? 
  these debates have really opened a lot of doors for lgbt people and heterosexual people to share information and engage in discussion that is impossible to achieve anywhere else , because schools just sweep it under the rug , nobodies wants to hang out with gay people anyway so they never talk to them , and parents are just so fucking useless omg . 
  worse than useless . 
  they 're fucking shit . 
  worse than shit . 
  they 're fucking shite . 
  not to mention how many gay people died in the 80s , nobody left to fight , nobody left to speak . 
  i 've learnt so much about myself over the past 10 years and shared so much too , and it 's always been online . 
  so slovakia , come out , come out , wherever you are !, 
  the gays are coming , you ca n't stop the fabulous . 
  you may amend your constitution , but i think in the long term it will have the opposite of the desired effects for you , as thom yorke says : `` the more you try to erase me , the more that i appear '' the gays are coming . 
  & oh yes , it will be fabulous . 
  goodnight europe , we love ya !, 
  not even civil unions !, 
  did n't slovakia 's parents teach their children to share their toys or what ? 
  the dickest of moves, 
   then it would n't be too bad . 
  does it matter what it 's called ? 
  yes , for me second class citizenship as endored by the state always matters and is always important . 
  as long as there are two different names for the same thing , they will never see our love as the same as theirs . 
  we 'll never be `` married '' , we 'll only ever be really special friends , and that sucks , because we 're not just really special friends . 
  we 're married , and we deserve respect . 
  lol , homomarriage . 
  i recently hooked up with a guy from poland who said his family is fine and he 's never had any bother . 
  it did feel like he was down playing it though i have to say . 
  i also have a friend who moved to england from poland when she was 13 and she seems fine when i discuss gayness . 
  obviously just a small anecdote but hopefully make you feel a bit better at least . 
  the same reason for everyone ; chronic lack of factual education and understanding , constant propagation of false myths and demonizing slander and a 1700 year long campaign of psychological warfare against lgbt people endorsed by various institutions , establishments and people with no other narrative , positive or neutral . 
  also , good old poltical scape goating against a silent , invisible and vulnerable minority . 
  it 's so cute when people think they 're putting forward original arguments that have n't been dismantled a billion times . 
  must we go through this old song and dance ? 
  fine . 
  something something consent . 
   democracy is rule of the majority in the strict sense , where they could do whatever they want . 
  who 's up for a good old game of `` guess the straight white man who 's never been denied rights , ever '', 
  remind me again why 100 % of people should vote on whether gay marriages should be `` allowed '' when only 5 % of people have any intention of entering into one ? 
  to actully * go out of your way * to do this is such a petty , nasty thing to do . 
  even if i was homophobic , i would n't care * that * much . 
  it 's like ... get a life already .
