obviously !, 
  i know , i was n't really serious . 
  i have no idea why he was downvoted . 
  portuguese people are very proud of their cuisine , hence not happy to be down-graded to a simple pizza-parlour !, 
  first capital of portugal is coimbra , not guimar\u00e3es . 
  but i forgive you since most portuguese people get this wrong too . 
  oh do n't get me wrong , i have nothing against germany or germans , but i find the actual political and economic climate makes it difficult for people to love germany . 
  i do n't think you will find many greeks or portuguese people saying they love germany when they have no jobs , high taxes etc , ( which may or may not actually be germany 's fault , but that is another discussion altogether ) . 
  i think this shows the demographic distribution in r/europe , many northern european redditors , fewer from the south . 
  i do n't expect that many southern european votes would go to germany . 
  as a portuguese person i would rather that much of this investment in roads had been invested in other areas such as agriculture and tourism . 
  we have too many roads which generate too many expenses for no one to use them anyway , while contributing almost nothing to our economic development . 
  also , football stadia , what a waste !, 
  we ( at least i do ) sometimes refer to euros as a\u00e9reos ( which means aerial , as in they 're always flying away ) . 
  this lady has a deep voice . 
  nevermind , i like boobs too . 
  no metal this year norway ? 
  hodor !, 
  are they singing `` alcohol is free '' ? 
  this year germany is going to give 12 points to greece . 
  is this some kind of magic trick ? 
  is he supposed to find a way out of the box ? 
  and now he breaks into metal . 
  common !, 
  people are frustrated because their politicians are incompetent and/or corrupt . 
  there is no good choice for them - they are all the same !, 
  people are frustrated because the bailouts went straight towards the rich people and banks while the poor are stuck loosing their jobs and paying higher taxes while having to repay the debt . 
  99 % of the population have little responsibility in creating the mess yet people are expected to repay for the mistakes of bankers , politicians and rich people , while these are not even put out of their jobs . 
  i think the frustration is easy to understand . 
  everyone seems to forget that the government is different than the people , they only care for the population when it is election time - and even then they endear everyone with lies and promises - when the alternative is just as bad there is n't a choice really . 
  i do n't agree with the tone of this 86mitso guy , but there is something i need to highlight out of his comment and that can help people realise why the greeks and other southerners are so angry :  these bail-outs do not feed anyone , house anyone or cure anyone . 
  these bail-outs are all to support the banks that ruined everything in the 1st place . 
  the greeks have some blame to take , but 99 % lies not with them personally , but with the people with power , ( bankers , politicians , rich people ) who now expect the poor people to pay most of the debt in a shrinking economy . 
  the germans bailed out greek banks , but it 's not the banks who are made responsible for the new debt - hell , they are not even made responsible for the situation they created in the first place !, 
  - it 's those who now loose their jobs who will have to pay , while the rich people can keep their way of living . 
  giving money to a bad government is just wasteful . 
  what greece needs is institutional help , proper financial regulation etc. . do n't ask me how this can be achieved , i 'm no expert , i just wanted to try to explain why people are so angry and feel they are treated unfairly !, 
  it is n't the least developed country in europe . 
  i do n't know where you got that idea from . 
  the reason portuguese immigrants do the jobs they do is because the higher education did not immigrate much . 
  this new phase of immigration is much worse for the country as everyone is leaving ( including higher education ) . 
  people from the azores are simple folks , they live on small islands halfway between europe and america , cut them some slack . 
  another point i think i should make is you should really stop worrying about stereotypes . 
  you sound like a young person , so here is what you must do : 1-stop hanging out with people you find dumb ; 2-become the person you would like people to think the portuguese are all about . 
  the portuguese might be pessimistic when things are though , but they are always cheerful and laid back even when things do n't go too well . 
  how exactly is greece more developed than portugal ? 
  jeezus christ dude . 
  stop saying pessimistic , religious , dumb portuguese person . 
  not only is it offensive , it is also not even an accurate stereotype !, 
  i 'm sorry but you should retake your portuguese history lessons . 
  the reason portugal lost their wealth was pretty much the opposite to what you stated . 
  we had a absolute regime were they tried to show as much wealth as possible and rival foreign aristocrats . 
  portugal profits and wasted because we did n't need to create wealth ... it all came from foreign lands . 
  you can see this in the many palaces churches and villas around the country . 
  the money stopped coming in with the development of spain , france , england and holland as naval powers . 
  the portuguese crown succession problems killed it off completely in the end . 
  do n't believe what this dude is telling you . 
  i 've lived here for 20 years now and i 'll tell you that the portuguese are one of the most friendly people you can find . 
  the portuguese are not just starting to immigrate now either , there was a mass exodus in the 60s-70s as well . 
  there are an estimated 4m portuguese living elsewhere , and that is just 1st generation immigrants . 
  i do n't know about america but from what i know the portuguese immigrants to , for example , switzerland and france are know to be extremely hard working and adaptable people . 
  they are know to be cocky when they come back to `` their '' country though - their latest model car-saloon comes out , and their only french speaking kids come around . 
  wtf ? 
  portugal is extremely friendly and open - there are practically no instances of racism and homosexuality is accepted without much problems . 
  have you ever even been here ? 
  yes , most people are catholic and baptized , this does not mean it is less liberal , as a matter of fact the church is pretty much the only instance that still supports the poor and unadvantaged - i hate religion as much as the next person , but if it were not for the catholic church many people would be in serious trouble just to survive . 
  as a dutch person living in portugal , i can only say i wish other people were as friendly as the portuguese . 
   cypriot government should just steal the money of all foreigners who have bank accounts there you mean like the banks are effectively stealing the 7 % of poor people 's money ? 
  ah ... proper coffee !, 
  finally !, 
  generally i prefer them shorter though , unless it 's breakfast time when i add some milk for a `` gal\u00e3o '' . 
  only the italians surpass our coffee ability . 
  in times like these we have to hold on to these kind of things !, 
  this is actually a very good idea . 
  anyone know what the main inconveniences are ? 
  and if there is any such plan to be implemented ? 
  nobody cares about greece . 
  let it burn to the ground . 
  this is all i learned these few days . 
  europe does n't exist . 
  it 's time to end the fa\u00e7ade . 
  yes they might be to blame . 
  but no solutions are offered . 
  only more of the same . 
  how can you ever repay , if you have no money and make no money ? 
  ouch !, 
  nah , lets just take galiza and be done with it . 
  you 're right of course . 
  but we have been invaded by them , only never successfully . 
  portugal was ocuppied by spain . 
  not at all :(, 
  * mio fratello \u00e9 figlio \u00fanico * das leben der anderen ( i do n't know if i spelled that right , i do n't speak italian or german ) these are two movies i watched recently that i thought were really good !, 
  when i hover over your flag it says antarctica , but your flag looks like angola to me !, 
  am i retarded or is it a bug ? 
  you make entirely sensible arguments , i like that !, 
  i said dismissive not meaning it literally , but i could n't find the correct word to use . 
  my argument regarding taxes was that you will probably be left with more money after all expenses are met . 
  but i do n't know really , i never meant to imply you play few taxes . 
  i expect you have met mostly higher educated southern europeans . 
  awareness is really not the problem , at least not with that segment of the population , it is the politicians who are utter shit .
