no , they wo n't . 
  that 's the point . 
  just because you and others are denying their existance they will still be out there . 
  this safe space shit must die out already . 
  they can over the nort pole or the arctic circle . 
  which has happened many times before . 
  yeah , i do n't think anything would happen from the eu 's side , really . 
  i have a feeling that the baltic states fears are very much real . 
  russia is occupied now in syria and ukraine . 
  but syria will be solved sooner rather than later . 
  and it is actually a perfect training ground for their army , navy and air force . 
  as has been stated before by russian officials , and evidenced by the amount of badges and promotion given out . 
  and then what 's next ? 
  will they stop ? 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  it 's better to be prepared . 
  we have a saying in hungary :  many geese will conquer pigs . 
  left alone , we ca n't do much . 
  together is another matter . 
  we could build an army capable of defending ourselves , we 're just too busy pointing fingers at each-other ( and at eu ) . 
  do you direct awesome films ? 
  they are waay better ( but that 's just like , my opinion ) . 
  but i rarely play all the way to the end . 
  after a while you reach a point where no other country is able to contest your superiority and it 's just becomes kind of boring . 
  but up until that , depending on the country you 're playing , it 's a struggle for survival . 
   they did ally together though to fight barbarians yes , so did many other countries against a number of enemies in any randomly chosen time of history . 
  i mean , is this your proof ? 
  really ? 
   alligned relatively easily to alexander the great yes , he was going to conquer them . 
  it was their only choice . 
   they didnt think that they were a different ethnicity that is literally what i said . 
  in this context , where some projects are decads long and contracts are fixed for the next couple of years , that 's around the corner . 
  as i said . 
  culturally the same . 
  which is a far cry from beimg the same country . 
  they did not . 
  that statement does n't even come close to the truth . 
  in fact , it 's a fantasy at best and a delusion at worst . 
  they considered themselves the same culture but that 's about it . 
  they did n't even have the same type of government . 
  let alone in the same country . 
  the pipeline would still go through the same sea . 
  and if something happens , they will still have to deal with the consequences . 
  that is their fear . 
  godwin 's law . 
  and here i thought it was a hungarian thing . 
  jingoism is a widely used term . 
  it really is n't used specifically to insult the english . 
  i 've never seen hungary mentioned as ma . 
  is n't this the guy who was arrested for making fun of erdogan ? 
  is he going to be arrested ? 
  i hear this is a crime in germany . 
  we had soldiers dying in afghanistan in a war with which we have absolutely nothing to do . 
  we were there because you requested we be there . 
  and i never said anything about genocide , that 's just stupid . 
  you said those people were far removed because of history . 
  i gave you an example from the present . 
  furthermore , europe is the ally of the us and we tolerate this shit from them but then we turn around and condemn ukraine for doing the same . 
  double standard much ? 
  being a superpower is not an excuse . 
  if anything it comes ( or should come ) with a lot more responsibility . 
  the us glorifies their soldiers who are pretty much the boogeyman everywhere outside their country and europe . 
  they 're absolutely winning in the middle east . 
  the syrian regime forces have been advancing since russia entered the civil war . 
  first of all , they 're crushing the rebels . 
  this has the added benefit that they can give actual combat experience to their pilots , officers and special forces . 
  and they can use up the old soviet ammo stocks and test some of their new toys . 
  second , they 've got turkey ( the only nato country in the region ) to go along with them . 
  no , it did n't . 
  well , why post in those subreddits then ? 
  i rarely post here , in / r/europe , for example ( and when i do , i 'm usually drunk ) because it has become a shithole . 
  i 'm only here for the news . 
  i instantly downvote anybody who complains about downvotes . 
  if you have an opinion , stand by it , regardless of how much internet points it is worth . 
  yeah , i 'm not judging . 
  it 's their right to do what they believe is the best for their nation . 
  but they still hindered further integration . 
  they had opt-out from many eu obligations and they kept vetoing stuff . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant . 
  what about ? 
  what does lisbon have to do with this , exactly ? 
   yeah msf literally just does that . 
  good to know . 
  oh , hey you can name exactly one ngo . 
  there 's no other ngos in the world . 
  that 's also good to know . 
  until you find a few more , read [ this article ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/3e6b6450-c1f7-11e6-9bca-2b93a6856354 ) . 
  ngos are working together with people smugglers to bring illegals over . 
   know and interpret is two different things . 
  but i 'm sure that you believe that you are just as smart as real lawyers who study five years . 
  are you a doctor also by any chance ? 
   there is there is n't . 
  can you show me where it is ? 
  how it works ? 
  when did countries vote for it ? 
  etc. . .  why do you question their liberalism ? 
  because they do nothing else but dump immigrants on italian soil by thousands and take the money for it . 
  it 's not rocket science , they simply do n't care about them afterwards . 
   are you a lawyer ?
