  do i have to be a lawyer to know the laws ? 
  am i a car mechanic when i 'm driving ? 
  the eu ca n't say such a thing , there 's no common immigration policy . 
  you might be thinking something else . 
  furthermore , they 've increased the funding for frontex and they 're working heavily on restricting illegals but those pseudo-liberal ngos are bringing them over right from lybia 's shores and dumping them off in italy , breaking many laws in the process . 
  so do we in hungarian . 
  it is , if previously you promised to do otherwise . 
  we know that at one point we have to accept the deal but we always try to get more . 
  so , after some argument where we 're out-shouting the others we just give up and come to terms that there wo n't be any freebies in the deal . 
  it is illegal to desecrate foreign flags in denmark . 
  your business degree is pretty worthless in geopolitics . 
  is switzerland paying for it ? 
  or are the people keeping money there do ? 
  including the dead nazis ? 
  because the famous swiss bank secret has stopped being a thing . 
  is finland paying for it ? 
  because finland is not a nato member but is very worried as of now , so might need the eu more than vica versa . 
  based onthe fact that ireland is one of the eu 's own tax haven . 
  sounds like ? 
  of course you 're going to loose an arm if you 're not looking . 
  i literally hate you . 
  just fyi . 
  because nokia is owned by microsoft , which is stealing money out of the eu through the the netherlands and ireland . 
  but you are the problem ... 
  there are porn cartoons too . 
  the mirrored swastika , which is the original , is a buddhist symbol . 
   there is no need for political dialog , and constitutional reform in ukraine is complete irrelevant to the situation there . 
  if nothing else , at least read the linked wikipedia page . 
  it 's in the agreement . 
  it 's not needed , it 's * required * . 
  you do n't seem to understand what ` economic migrant ' means . 
  an article from the washington post . 
  yeah , no . 
  first of all , they do n't call themselves daesh . 
  they changed it in 2014 when al-baghdadi declared the caliphate . 
  it has become a slur and it is used mostly as an insult . 
  second , it is true that `` the levant '' can mean several different things but the original meaning is quite clear . 
  their name is actually islamic state of iraq and the levant . 
  i think it 's great . 
  the colour coding is not as important as a clear and consistent scale . 
  what does their number have to do with it ? 
  op 's argument was that their environment causes this . 
  edit : isis has taken responsibility for it ... 
  what ?!, 
  where did i say that ? 
  yeah , when you 're cornered , just run away . 
  because of logic . 
  i have n't made a single point . 
  i have never said anything remotely close to what you 're claiming . 
  i have , however , asked you several questions . 
  all of which have gone unanswered . 
  instead you 're just calling me names . 
  is that what you call logic ? 
  and this is relevant because ? 
  you 're still just making personal attacks . 
  has it ever crossed your mind that maybe , * just maybe * , you 're wrong ? 
  try to get off your high horse and look around in the real world . 
  you might be surprised . 
  yeah , attack my person . 
  that 'll will make the problem go away . 
  no , mate !, 
  first of all , they were nationalists . 
  and what 's more important : we , or more specifically , * you were talking about the middle east * . 
  but nice try . 
  i understand your apologist argument perfectly well . 
  i 'm just sick and tired of it . 
  why are n't the yazidis terrorists ? 
  or any zoroastrians from the middle east ? 
  they live in the same environment . 
  or the christians ? 
  the copts in egypt ? 
  shall i go on ? 
  do you want me to list all the ethnicities and religious groups that are * not * terrorists ? 
  what about ? 
  what about ? 
   if the middle east was exactly the same except that the dominant religion was christian , we would deal with christian terrorists now . 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  it 's a hypothetical situation but we 're in the reality . 
  we 're not dealing with christian , zoroastrian ( who , by the way , also live in the middle east , just fyi ) or any other terrorists . 
  we 're dealing with muslims . 
  you can make up as many realities in your mind as you want but none of those will change the world you live in . 
  you 're conviniently ignoring everything i say and just keep repeating your nonsense . 
  the decision has already been made . 
  frontex has been chosen and given funding . 
  read the article and watch the video in my previous comment !, 
  the ngos are ignoring every law and decision and just pick the migrants up right off the coast of lybia . 
   smugglers do not require assistance again , read the article !, 
  your point is moot . 
  the ngos are doing everything for them . 
  they do n't even try to hide the fact that they know this . 
  the `` boats '' they use are not even fit to cross a lake anymore , let alone the mediterranean because they know very well , they wo n't need to . 
  we do n't have a porous border . 
  there 's a fuckin ' sea between us and africa . 
  they would n't be able to cross that without help . 
  up until last year , it was our own border guards who broutgh them over , now it 's [ those ngos ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/3e6b6450-c1f7-11e6-9bca-2b93a6856354 ) who came from who knows where . 
  they 're literally [ committing a major crime ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbic1lzqiaw ) and nobody is doing anything . 
  i guess it 's a very comfortable situation for * people like you * because you can point out how the eu is doing everything and at the same time still have the flow of illegals . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i do n't refer to anything . 
  you 're just a shithead in general .
