  read you comments as if somebody was saying that to you . 
  merkel has been voted the most powerful woman in the world a few times . 
  when she 's `` influencing '' , it 's quiet different from other politicians . 
  and you do n't need to win over every single person to your cause , only the majority . 
   and it appears to be strinkingly different from the policies the eu is accused to support . 
  so how come those things are still happening if the eu does not support them ? 
  some shadow-y organization making them happen ? 
  is it the russians ? 
  i need to know !, 
  first , i think you might try to change your way of communication . 
  this condescending tone is n't really helpful . 
  second , if you think merkel has no influence on eu officials ( especially on germans ) then you 're delusional . 
  well , they do n't seem to be doing anything about it , do they ? 
  or is there a widespread anti-terrorist movement within the islam world ? 
  i refuse to stay vigilant in my own home where i want to be lax . 
  instead i choose not to let them in . 
  i done goofed with the title ...  we develop a ranking of european tech cities based on their employment , growth and demand credentials , their propensity to generate startups and new patents , and their attractiveness for technology students and graduates . 
  [ from their site . 
  ] ( http://www.cbre.eu/emea_en/services/emeatechreport ) and for thos who do n't want to open it , the first 10 :  london  paris  berlin  munich  madrid  dublin  budapest  bucharest  istanbul  tel-aviv, 
  pine trees . 
  i 'm a hungarian who studied german in high school and even i can make a sense of that . 
  and i 'm drunk right now . 
  edit : can you understand me ? 
  danes and dutch something somrthing ... 
  that 's actually the employment rate . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.ksh.hu/gyorstajekoztatok/#/en/document/mun1610 ) is unemployment . 
  but i was talking about the much criticized habit of not counting the people who do n't receive benefits and do n't do community work either . 
  the unemployment rate is heavily skewed due to how and who they count . 
  they were targeting a group of one specific nation . 
  also :  generally speaking , genocide does not necessarily mean the immediate destruction of a nation , except when accomplished by mass killings of all members of a nation . 
  it is intended rather to signify a coordinated plan of different actions aimed at the destruction of essential foundations of the life of national groups , with the aim of annihilating the groups themselves . 
  i still do n't see the difference . 
  so that makes it better to kill a million + people ? 
  that 's your argument ? 
  without the 'm ' then ? 
  that 's just ... 
  i do n't know . 
  different . 
  i mean , she is a milf ( not the dog , you dirty minded redditor !, 
   exports had dropped 46 % during the famine on 1840-45 levels [ ... ]  between september 1846 and july 1847 wheat imports were 5x larger than wheat exports , and import of corn and meal was 3x that of total cereals exported from ireland . 
  further , to again quote solar ` the large increase in imports of wheat and maize that did take place brought the available supply of calories up to within 12 per cent of the pre-famine level . 
  they made them export food anyway so they could sell it back . 
  and the public works were great too . 
  you really do n't need to go further than wikipedia ( but check the sources ! ) . 
   the public works were `` strictly ordered '' to be unproductive -- that is , they would create no fund to repay their own expenses . 
  many hundreds of thousands of `` feeble and starving men '' , according to mitchel , were kept digging holes and breaking up roads , which was doing no service . 
   in january 1847 , the government abandoned this policy , realising that it had failed , and turned to a mixture of `` indoor '' and `` outdoor '' direct relief ; the former administered in workhouses through the irish poor laws , the latter through soup kitchens . 
  the costs of the poor law fell primarily on the local landlords , who in turn attempted to reduce their liability by evicting their tenants  the `` gregory clause '' of the poor law , named after william h. gregory , m.p. , prohibited anyone who held at least 1\u20444 of an acre from receiving relief . 
  in practice , this meant that , if a farmer , having sold all his produce to pay rent and taxes , should be reduced , as many thousands of them were , to applying for public outdoor relief , he would not get it until he had first delivered up all his land to the landlord . 
  and so on . 
  it was no better than the holodomor . 
  says the guy in bright orange ... and yes , they do make it look less depressing . 
  they look disgusting without the paintjob . 
  not exactly accurate is an understatement . 
  it 's inaccurate and misleading . 
  funny that you say this . 
  the country that does n't have this agreement in place is the one major ally in the region of the other country that has n't ratified any significant international agreement , despite being a permanent member of the un . 
  do you see a trend here ? 
  there was , and still is , an international agreement in place , clearly stating the land each group is allowed to occupy . 
  i think the graphic does a very good job showing which party is in the wrong here . 
  not in this case , it is n't . 
  culturally , we have more in common with our neighbours than we have with our horse-riding , nomadic ancestors . 
  i 'm sorry but the jewish had no state there either and absolutely no control over the land . 
  both were handed to them . 
  they built 6 over the course of 5 years . 
  they 're not building more because they 're done occupying all the territory they want . 
  an arms manufacturer . 
  it would be very naive to think they are not influenced by governments . 
  or , you know , shifting geopolitical environment . 
  but they do n't need it anymore . 
  got it . 
  decades of negotiations done by hundreds of experts . 
  drugs are a lot cheaper here , actually . 
  i know other commenters are joking . 
  but this looks like the shittiest food ever . 
  like the top of the american food pyramid . 
  of which 4 are just domestic ones . 
  and even some of the `` international '' ones are not really serious stuffs . 
  you have 6 airports ? 
  that 's just crazy ... 
  absolutely . 
  did you just call clinton smart ? 
  there 's your problem , your expectation of smart is too low . 
  edit : wrong president , i 'm not smart either ... 
   but hey it could be worse , they could be racist , corrupt and actually smart . 
  glad that doesnt really happen . 
  how do you know ? 
  the smart ones probably do n't do stupid things because , you know , they 're smart . 
  the biggest electric car test park in europe is being built in zalaegerszeg as we speak . 
  it was n't . 
  that 's the problem . 
  many countries disagreed . 
  you like u2 too ? 
  a big part of that defense budget is various reasearches that will never be anything more but projects . 
  we also do n't need any bases and different warships all over the world . 
  these alone are enough to talk about catching up . 
  hungary . 
  but i do n't remember our leaders bitching about it . 
  is that what to you took away from my comment ? 
  i also ca n't leave it like britain .
