not with the borders it has on this map though . 
  croatia was independent in 1991 i think . 
  there 's more than a billion muslims in the world . 
  if a big proportion of them was extremist we 'd be in trouble . 
  if you knew any extremist muslims i 'd be very surprised , considering how small of a percentage they make up . 
  because if you knew any muslims personally then you 'd have a much more tolerant understanding of their religion . 
  the world is such a mess for many reasons , and one of those reasons is that people generalise about people who are different from them . 
  that 's exactly what you 're doing . 
  erm , yes . 
  how many muslims do you personally know ? 
  i visited york last weekend and was n't really blown away by the cathedral . 
  i liked the train museum . 
  but ... those are lentils . 
  i 'm not convinced the ussr could n't have won on the eastern front even without the allies distracting the germans from the west . 
  the majority of the german forces were focused on the east and they were well beaten . 
  team effort , sure , but you ca n't say for sure that the russians could n't have done it without the team . 
  i do find its relative acceptance of extramarital affairs a little odd . 
  pretty sure this guy is saying there is more to eastern europe than ukraine . 
  i think . 
  shakhtar in the premier league ? 
  fun . 
  bring it on . 
   although as reluctant to use it as uk was in 1939 . 
  what the fuuuuck . 
  insulting !, 
  `` think of the banks '' does mean `` think of the people '' , i 'm afraid . 
  we do have to be very careful not to fuck our economy too much in this situation , as much as we want to condemn russia and support ukraine , which we undoubtedly do . 
  your title is the least surprising thing i have ever heard . 
  there are some more interesting things to note in the article though . 
  cyprus surprises me ; it 's in impressive company . 
  you 're being purposefully ignorant . 
  these people could stop believing in a god but continue to believe that charging interest is immoral . 
  their reason for holding that moral belief is irrelevant . 
  the only relevant thing is the fact that they do . 
  by a god , by their parents , by pretty much everyone in their society . 
  it 's not something which is exclusive to islam ; jesus preached against charging interest as well . 
  i do n't believe in any god , but jesus was a real man who had some good ideas and you can be an atheist and still look up to the man . 
  these morals are n't exclusive to those who are religious . 
   not idiotic superstition . 
  this has nothing to do with their belief in a god . 
  they believe that charging interest is immoral . 
  you do n't have to believe in a god to believe that . 
  nothing could repair the emotional damage . 
   maximum sentence of up to 14 years in prison . 
  i find it hard to imagine a level of emotional blackmail which would warrant the maximum sentence , but it is important that we are recognising that violence is n't the only way to be abusive . 
  all fair . 
  the main problem seems to be sites getting blocked which really should n't be blocked . 
  this has always been a problem with filters . 
  for example if a football forum is blocked simply because it 's possible users might post `` adult '' content on there , that seems like a problem . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm not , but if you did mean something different from what i thought you did , i 'm sure you 'll have no trouble explaining it to me . 
  i 'll just wait here . 
  if that 's what you took from the link / u/llanita just posted to you , i can only assume you did n't even click it . 
  do n't expect your government to adhere to moral standards which you ca n't even meet yourself . 
  if you 're downvoting opinions , you 're censoring them . 
  they fall down the page and eventually become hidden . 
  that is the very point of downvoting : to hide opinions which you do n't think others should see . 
  that is why reddiquette states you should n't downvote because you disagree ; it 's to hide comments which are not contributing . 
  if you have no problems censoring someone who is expressing his honest opinion on censorship , that makes you an enormous hypocrite . 
  end of story . 
  yes , i suppose my main argument is that perhaps when david cameron expresses his reasons for wanting a filter ( protect the kids and all that nonsense ) , those are * actually * his genuine opinions . 
  is that so hard to believe ? 
  or is it in fact so hard to believe that we have to jump the the only logical alternative , which is that he 's some sort of an evil supervillain , rather than just another annoying , overbearing conservative who thinks he 's doing what 's best for us ? 
  i do n't . 
  let 's downvote each other and not debate it !, 
  i 've yet to meet anyone that even has the filter . 
  bit ironic considering how good reddit is at censoring unpopular opinions . 
  good lord , so paranoid . 
  he 's a conservative , and he 's doing conservative things . 
  shocker . 
  he 's not trying to be big brother . 
  edit : or ... he is . 
  compelling arguments , guys !, 
  i 've really been put in my place by all of these well-reasoned replies . 
  well that 's an example of it , yeah . 
  it 's a broad term . 
  from wikipedia :  the tendency of people to favor information that confirms their beliefs or hypotheses . 
  that 's exactly what confirmation bias is . 
  so you 're acknowledging that as soon as their media stopped being communist their people stopped being communist . 
  and somehow you 've failed to realise you 're just completely supporting my argument . 
  and i 'm the idiot . 
  if every media outlet had a communist bias , we 'd have a heavily communist populace . 
  as it is , we have papers with many different views , and therefore a society with many different views . 
  you 're an idiot if you do n't see that . 
  probably because three of those papers are n't communist . 
  are you twelve ? 
  confirmation bias . 
  that demographic was the one with the most positive response . 
   the papers reflect the views of society no , they mould the views of society . 
  `` would you hypothetically support this policy , if it was guaranteed that the potential downsides that concern you would n't happen ? '', 
  at least it shows we 're not a particularly xenophobic country . 
  we 're just very cynical about people abusing our welfare system . 
  not an entirely justifiable viewpoint either , but it 's good we 're not racist . 
  sounds like the question they asked people was `` would you be happy to welcome migrants from romania and bulgaria , provided they integrate and work hard ? '' . 
  i have a feeling the percentage of yes answers would be quite a bit lower if they removed the last six words from the question . 
  because it 's a country which is homophobic by law and whose people routinely abuse non-white sportsmen . 
  never said i was any more okay about qatar , did i mr presumptuous ? 
  you may not have noticed but this is a thread about russia . 
  talking about qatar would be just a little off topic . 
  i hope there 's a decent resistance to the 2018 world cup as well . 
  it 's not too late to get a better host .
