  went a couple of years ago . 
  tons of tourists there but it somehow still feels unspoilt . 
  do a tour of the walls and you 'll constantly feel like you 're in king 's landing . 
  you 're question assumes that i agree that they 're all culturally incompatible , which indeed is a generalisation . 
  i think that a small minority of non-eu immigrants are incompatible , and they should n't be able to spoil a good thing for everyone else . 
  so the reason you make generalisations about foreign people is to avoid being called a racist . 
  i do n't think you 've thought that through . 
  if people accuse you of being racist when you 're not , then fuck those people . 
  some of the stuff you 've said to me is pushing it though . 
  the more you generalise , the more likely you are to be racist . 
  pretty sure most of them manage that fine , but sure , tar them all with the same brush if judging people individually is too challenging for you . 
  or they could come here and have better lives than one fortunate european missionary could ever give them over there . 
  that would be a little more altruistic , mate . 
  oh yeah , we 're really struggling here in europe . 
  why do n't those selfish ethiopians let us seek asylum in their paradise ? 
  i never said anything about race ; i do n't know why you keep bringing it up . 
  you 've got some stupid idea that if it 's not racism it 's fine . 
  call it whatever you like , it 's still stupid . 
  if you go out and say christians are dicks , i will label you a bigot . 
  i already did anyway , but yeah i would do so again . 
  those delusional liberals are so off the mark with their ability to reason and judge people individually are n't they . 
  i 'd never deny that the integration ( or the lack thereof ) of immigrants can at times be problematic , but that never makes it okay for people to generalise like they do . 
  well that 's just beautiful logic right there . 
  still not good enough . 
  a quarter of the world 's population are muslim . 
  are you of the impression that white german guys never start fights ? 
   what is funny that it 's okay to criticize christianity , but when you say something against islam not only are you called a islamophobe but also , these people react wildly to defend their religion . 
  nope , that 's not how it works at all . 
  some people do n't seem to understand the difference between criticising the religion and making lazy generalisations about the people who follow it . 
  if they were just white german guys who attacked your friend , you would n't be saying it had anything to do with their race or religion . 
  just last night my friend got punched by a drunk , ginger english guy in a bar . 
  i do n't think less of gingers or the english now . 
  i moved out at 19 , and now i 'm 23 and back in . 
  it was meant to be just for a few days . 
  did n't work out like that . 
  i 'm sure i can find a way to blame thatcher for this . 
  does the language in galicia tend to be that different from regular spanish ? 
  well you clearly care if they 're immigrants . 
  and i 've known people who do n't know where africa is , but at least our media get it right . 
  i reckon our news stations might be able to figure it out . 
  come see our rocks !, 
  wait , why is n't kosovo supposedly a legitimate country ? 
  too many syllables . 
  we 're lazy . 
  she had a wicked goatee but she had to shave it to hide her real identity . 
  to be fair to your dad , hitler did also shape a country and was also a ruthless leader . 
  yes , they are the same . 
  baked goods , black forest gateau , beer . 
  love you , germany . 
  the eu is supposed to be compatible with all religions . 
  short of actively trying to impose sharia law ( which very few of them are interested in doing ) , i ca n't see what muslims might do that would be so intolerable . 
   do we really want few more millions of muslim immigrants storming our cities ? 
  why does it matter what their religion is ? 
  a troll who deletes his comments when they get downvoted ? 
  a lot of people think the same way he does , even on reddit , so i do n't really see any reason to believe he 's a troll . 
  by law , homosexuality is accepted in indonesia , iraq , turkey , albania , jordan , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan and tajikistan . 
  immigrants in european countries have no choice but to accept the culture of the country in which they reside , and the vast majority of them are okay with that . 
  contrary to worryingly popular belief , most muslims have no interest in spreading sharia law , or any features of it , in europe . 
  and that will never happen . 
  people are really nice in croatia , i was in dubrovnik last year . 
  i 'm not gay , but i really do n't think anyone would 've cared if i was . 
  muslims are welcome here , but if you could stay out that 'd be fantastic . 
  i 'll be there in twelve days . 
  do these arsons normally blow over after a day or two ? 
  hard to give either claim much validity when they 're both obviously just trying to sway the voters . 
  i do feel like negotiations will continue after this . 
  it 's not like any side of this actually wants a return to the drachma . 
  the `` no '' voters are n't being conservative or eurosceptic . 
  they 're being anti-austerity and hoping they can still crack a better deal to remain in the euro . 
  idealistic basically . 
  you do n't say . 
  the secrecy has nothing to do with the general public . 
  it 's because negotiators on either side of the negotiating table do n't want to show their hands . 
  secondly they would n't want the media ( most of whom are biased one way or another ) spinning it their way and trying to create a public shitstorm with scare tactics before negotiation is even over . 
  this is how the negotiation process in trade deals is always done , so the outrage over secrecy in this particular one is baffling , frankly . 
   most information is not available to the public , which is ridiculous enough . 
  there are good reasons for that . 
  it 's not a secret thing just so that they can fuck us over without us knowing . 
  hell , even if it was all public , 99 % of people would n't pay attention or understand it anyway . 
  i wish people would stop trying to sum this thing up in a sentence . 
  he sounds like a libertarian , so american is likely , but those guys do n't like big military or big anything really . 
  what disaster ? 
  sure , the government might spend more on , say , the military than you personally think they should , but that would hardly be a disaster , and not everyone has the same opinion as you on where that money is best spent . 
  countries with the highest tax rates do n't tend to be disaster areas ; in fact generally quite the opposite . 
  when taxation is higher than the `` absolute minimum necessary '' you get things like good state education and universal healthcare . 
  you can say the same about all the state 's funding . 
  would you use the same argument to oppose income tax ? 
  i 'd happily take a few bears . 
  perhaps not roaming the hills of surrey , but up in the scottish highlands they would n't cause any trouble . 
  highlands . 
  could n't a creator have created evolution ? 
  last friday i went for a drink with seven greeks . 
  just saying . 
  i 'm happy for them to be here though . 
  and while we 're at it , it was miles over the line !, 
   i think obama was generally a good president but he did continue some of the worst things about the bush presidency . 
  i feel like in a lot of cases it 's more accurate to say `` failed to discontinue '' . 
   the part where people hate him is for the whole `` we need change '' and `` yes we can '' does n't every presidential candidate trot out nonsense lines like this for support ? 
  workers are a resource . 
  so if france acquires new land , the people residing in that new land are now subjects of france are n't they .
