  watch for the signs in south tyrol and trentino as well as the aosta valley . 
  [ more info here ] ( http://urbanaccessregulations.eu/countries-mainmenu-147/italy-mainmenu-81 ) . 
  besides the vignettes : watch out for envirinmental zones . 
  you need an environment-class sticker in germany for many cities and italy bans non-local cars from several cities . 
  i heard of a dutch guy getting 29 tickets while looking for a parking spot in italy . 
  the president of the united states . 
  tele2 does it on their unlimited data plan . 
  imagine how much more the rest would genereate if they got pampered the same way !, 
  [ this headline ] ( http://newsthump.com/2017/06/26/london-estate-agents-insist-market-is-booming-after-woman-pays-1bn-for-house-on-downing-street/ ) sums it up . 
  you could try prague . 
  i hear that they 're hiring everyone with a masters degree . 
  salaries will be lower , but so is col. 
  what 's the point of electing someone that does n't have any power ? 
  we might as well keep the king in that case . 
  he 'd probably win these elections easily if he decided to participate ... 
  i think in theory a republic is preferable . 
  but then i see presidents like trump ... 
  i prefer rum or whisky . 
  it 's probably cheaper to buy a new slow cooker ... 
  in my hometown , it 's 0,1 % . 
  in the large city nearby ( pop 600.000 ) , it 's 0,1 % as well . 
  through english and dutch : frysian , afrikaans and sranang tongo . 
  through french : written spanish , italian and portuguese . 
  i always think i should be able to understand spoken danish through my knowledge of dutch and german , it sounds very familiar , but somehow i ca n't . 
  just a word here and there . 
  21km , which takes about 25 minutes in my car . 
  loose leaf darjeeling . 
  indonesia used to be a dutch colony . 
  renting a car to drop it off in another country is extremely expensive . 
  if they keep infighting , the only alternative may be no deals at all . 
  that will be even worse ... 
  do n't forget about the animal rights party ( partij voor de dieren ) !, 
  first choice would be that the uk changes its mind and returns to the eu without any of the special conditions they had before . 
  second best would be something like norway or switzerland where we have all the benefits of free trade and traffic of people but they do n't have any say in eu policy . 
  i 'd prefer an orderly retreat ... 
  this will just prolong the chaos . 
  no clear victory for anyone , so i expect serious infighting amongst the conservatives and new elections later this year . 
  that will delay brexit negotiations for at least another 6 months putting severe pressure on the uk . 
  * start at the source by trying to end current conflicts that cause refugees . 
  * finance local refugee camps close to the source of refugees . 
  * do n't make it easy to come : beef up the coast guard and border security . 
  tow back boats to where they came from , not towards europe . 
  work with countries that are used as a springboard to stem the flow as we do now in turkey . 
  * create one safe harbour ( perferably outside of the eu , or in a isolated location ) for intake of refugees and refuse any refugee entering through other ways . 
  * distribute approved and vetted refugees from the safe harbour evenly ( based on gdp ) over all eu-members . 
  upon arrival they will get some sort of basic income and assimilation/language courses . 
  refugees would have to stay at least 5 years in this country before getting automatic admission to any other eu-country . 
  * pay some safe ( - ish ) country outside europe to accept all applicants that are n't approved and ca n't or do n't want to return home . 
  deport all illegal aliens found in europe home or to this country . 
  just curious , how many are there ? 
  i refuse to be frightened by terrorists . 
  you need a lawyer . 
  i do n't think it 's very popular , but there is [ de fractie ] ( https://www.vpro.nl/programmas/de-fractie.html ) . 
  especially in her own country . 
  in every other country , this is guaranteed by eu-treaty rights . 
  pretty accurate : our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 2 . 
  american ( standard ) 3 . 
  australian our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  dutch 3 . 
  swedish, 
  it is n't important in which eu country you get married . 
  but some countries will only let you marry if you 're a resident or have a specific visa that allows marriage . 
  you can stay in any eu-country with her , except for the netherlands where additional rules will apply requiring her to have a certain income . 
  the person that booked them should be able to tell you . 
  i always have wifi availability in my filters when looking for places . 
  a boss that sexually harassed his worker ( s ) . 
  also the ` customer-is-always-right ' attitude to service . 
  new york , boston , providence . 
  the culture , language and shops . 
  i 've been to aruba , but it feels more american than dutch . 
  [ my results ] ( https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=66.5&amp;d=61.2&amp;g=73.8&amp;s=82.9 ) . 
  i identify more as a social liberal than social libertarian , but i can live with it . 
  we build up our industries by export . 
  not even russia got sanction like that and they shot down a passenger plane full of ( mostly ) dutch citizens . 
  i think the only way to stop it is to stop making it profitable . 
  put pressure on advertizers and threaten to boycot any company that sponsors these idiots . 
  by attacking them on their content , you 're legitimizing them as being worthy of a response by a sane person . 
  did n't you try that already ? 
  23c , sunny , with a little wind . 
  i 'll judge tactics by the end result . 
  i could become a millionaire selling fresh stroopwafels on the streets of ny . 
  that 's still the perception though ... 
  crude and only suitable for driving fast in a straight line . 
  i 'd like mine with low-fat soymilk !, 
  can i get some ketchup to go with this pasta ? 
  and a knife to cut the spaghetti ? 
  we eat home cooked foods 9 days out of 10 . 
  the other day is 50/50 eating out and takeaway . 
  i 've been to the caribbean ( twice ) , south america ( for a year ) , africa ( tangiers for a day ) and australia . 
  i work 8 hours a day . 
  hours are flexible , i start between 7:00 and 10:30 and leave between 15:30 and 19:00 . 
  i wear casual shirts or a polo and jeans or khakis . 
  i go sailing once a year in summer with some friends in a [ valk ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/62/valk757.jpg/266px-valk757.jpg ) . 
  it 's always on lakes in the netherlands . 
  it 's more about the company and drinks than the sailing itself . 
  pasteis de nata are always my favorite from portugal , but most pastries are really good . 
  skip the whipped cream in germany , they make it without sugar !, 
  you say that as if it 's a bad thing ...
