  join us, 
  muh evil right-wing bogeyman !, 
  got love that europhile circlejerk, 
  yes , i tried to differentiate it with a lowercase ` f ' in forza . 
  excellent , forza italia, 
   what does being free to own something without state interference have to do with freedom ? 
  god fucking dammit, 
  brought to you by the independant , as per usual . 
  and a great leader too , all the more reason to import a merkel, 
  ban this sick filth ( the indy that is ), 
  then use a different search engine . 
  it 's google 's platform , they should be able to do what they like with it . 
  but muh anti-us circlejerk !, 
  i did n't dare hope it would actually happen , watching the results slowly roll in was fantastic . 
  thanks macaroni , but no thanks . 
  we voted , we 're leaving . 
  nope , not in this country at least . 
  there 's always a big push every election to get people to register , but inevitably a lot do n't bother . 
  brexit turnout was  60 % with * registered * youth voters , amongst * eligible * youth voters it was a fair bit lower . 
  buy some stocks in salt mining companies - you 'll be reaping the rewards this time tomorrow . 
  it 's academic really , most graduates will never pay off their student loans so in effect it just acts as a modest tax on your earning about # 21k for 30 years . 
  are survation still using 80 % + youth turnout in their weighting ? 
  that 'd explain their result it if they were . 
  we 're not voting for a terrorist loving lefty cunt , fuck off . 
  precisely , we should have enacted an equivalent to the patriot act a decade ago . 
  good to see may finally getting serious . 
  i know , it 's embarrassing how long it took for the government to finally put forth this kind of legislation . 
  no more echr telling us we ca n't deport islamists , thank god . 
  i hope we establish a gtmo equivalent on ascension or somewhere , personally . 
  counter-terrorism funding has been increased substantially , but realistically when you have a watchlist of over 20k individual , someone will inevitably slip through the net . 
   theresa may appointed a climate denier to environment minister . 
  despite the media 's spin , the two biggest renewable energy groups in the uk - [ renewableuk ] ( http://www.renewableuk.com/news/345913/ ) and the [ renewable energy association ] ( https://www.r-e-a.net/news/renewables-industry-supports-conservative-manifesto-commitment-for-low-cost-and-low-carbon-energy ) - have been very supportive of the conservative 's manifesto . 
  because the alternatives are a ragtag group of terrorist sympathisers or a man who drinks [ *** skimmed *** ] ( https://img.4plebs.org/boards/pol/image/1473/15/1473150094265.png ) milk . 
   a very odd way of giving a helping hand hardly , encouraging businesses to take on native workers seems like a pretty simple , and effective strategy . 
  a government should always put its own people before others . 
  what , giving your own citizens a helping hand ? 
  talking about grasping at straws . 
  `` i do n't care who controls my country '' jesus ... 
  interesting , sorry for misunderstanding - ca n't say my knowledge of french politics is particularly deep . 
   to avoid losing some of their precious `` sovereignty '' because that 's such a trivial matter ... 
  leave.eu were n't even the main pro-brexit organisation during the referendum , they certainly are n't relevant now . 
  because they 're totally comparable events . 
  did n't think so . 
  can i ask how so ? 
  i 'll take the markets confidence in the uk over the opinion of a random yank on reddit , thanks , 
  you have n't got a clue what fascism is . 
  if you insist , that seems like a pretty myopic way of viewing it though . 
  if those founding members were still running it you might have a point , but it 's not the ' 70 's anymore . 
  regardless of what you think of her , mlp has undeniably done a lot to clean up fn 's image and move it away from the party it was under her farther . 
   you 've successfully fucked yourself with a cactus right , so that 's why our growth forecast keeps getting upgraded , because we 're headed into oblivion . 
   le pen  a fascist give it a rest already . 
  le pen 2022 ? 
  dude , i think you might actually be delusional . 
  seriously mate , what the fuck are you on about ? 
  the article that guy linked has absolutely nothing to do with brexit . 
   since its foundation the eu has been constantly changing and evolving yes , towards federalism , which is exactly what drives people away from it . 
  unless they take a radical change of direction euroskeptic sentiments will only continue to grow . 
  talk about being blinkered ... 
  lol , you really think the fucking * canary * of all things is a valid source ? 
  it 's the left 's breitbart , but somehow even worse . 
  and thank god for that . 
  the bbc is the least of the problem , people still seem to pass-off rags like the independent as legitimate publications on here , and on reddit in general . 
  when they said `` rip people off '' i think it 's pretty clear they 're talking cheating people out of their money . 
  stop trying to twist their words . 
  but the empire did nothing wrong , so i do n't see how this works, 
  do n't go pointing that out , you 'll only get downvoted too lol . 
  no , i 'd rather it simply be a place where there can be some sort of reasoned arguments and discussions without resorting to childish `` haha dae think * - insert side - * is stoopid ?! '', 
  considering the arrogant , condescending nature of many europhiles is what pushed many to feel alienated from the eu in the first place , yes , i do n't think it 's too wise . 
  i do n't know whether to be flattered or disturbed that you 'd go to the effort of sifting through my post history , do you really have nothing better to do ? 
  i 'm also not sure why you 're linking comments i 've made on the f1 subreddit . 
  also ...  rightwing , toxic half brother of r/unitedkingdom , r/ukpolitics give me a break , the majority of r/ukpolitics intends to vote either labour or lib dems . 
  it 's a much more balanced sub than the truly toxic r/unitedkingdom . 
   it 's a circlejerk of pompousness that would make the outside observer feel repulsive by it . 
  that 's a good metaphor for r/europe more than anything . 
  god this sub is toxic . 
   not have held such a silly referendum on it would 've been good yes , how dare give the people a say in how their country is governed . 
  hell of a chip on that shoulder of yours . 
  republicans need to be hanged . 
  this sub has a severe case of cognitive dissonance . 
  aka `` filthy neoliberal scum '' to a lefty . 
   macron  a lefty nice meme, 
  leftists bfto will they ever recover ? 
  a lot of those modernist examples look pretty great , better than most of those neo-traditional hack jobs . 
  if someone could point me to how u/pigeon-toad came up with a 1 % difference that 'd be great , i seem to remember leave winning by just under 4 % in the end, 
  using a very loose definition . 
  in practice a country is a sovereign state , which they are not . 
  texas and california have as much claim to being countries as england or scotland do . 
   over 1,000,000 people is n't a lot of people wow . 
  no , it 's the uk that 's the country . 
  by no meaningful definition are england , scotland , wales and ni countries . 
  complaining about one dragging the other out is akin to newcastle complaining they 're being dragged out by sunderland . 
  it 's stupid . 
  it was a nationwide vote . 
  get over it . 
  the only person a socialist is good for is the taxman . 
  it 'll be beautiful, 
  anyone who 's to the right of trotskyites is far-right by your standards though . 
  call me a savage , but i 'd take that barbaric sandwich any day, 
  just bring back some authentic danish 's if you do get deported pls, 
  [ the telegraph seem to reporting the same as well .
