  we had a strong bond with the french and accomplished many things with them before we entered what would become the eu , and i 'm sure we can now that we 've left . 
  i suspect by not having completely open borders with every country surrounding france , for a start . 
  you feel embarrassed for having the audacity to be leaving a bureaucratic shitheap like the eu ? 
  that 's sad . 
  you 're probably right , but this way is much more entertaining . 
  and potentially catastrophic i suppose , but we can gloss over that . 
   have you not seen or heard gove ? 
  his policies have made him deeply unpopular with lots of the electorate . 
  they have to pass the conservative mp 's first , and gove is more popular with them than boris is/was . 
  gove entering the race results in the leave backers votes being split , and opens the opportunity for may 's backers to tactically vote for gove in the first round to make sure bojo does n't end up on the final ballot sent to party member ( because as you mention , gove is less popular with the electorate than boris , giving may a much high chance of securing the leadership ) . 
  how dare britain not turn into somalia , how impertinent of them !, 
  meanwhile i 'd probably be arrested if i were caught with a plastic fork in my backpack, 
  i 've always thought you canucks struck a nice middles ground between our somewhat draconian laws and the ` murican freedom laws . 
  it 's a bit of a bitch they ca n't be locking , it 's more a safety feature than anything else on a blade that size . 
  based switzerland, 
  rationality goes out the window when you have a narrative you want to push . 
   `` never trust a statistic you did n't fake yourself . '', 
  ha , i 'll be keeping that one for future use, 
  so they only actually asked one question that was relevant to how the eu works ? 
  that 's ... interesting . 
  i 'd take that figure as a leave voter . 
  sure , it might upset a few xenophobes , but ultimately they put a cross next to `` leave the european union '' , not `` get the bloody immigrants out of my country '' . 
  a europhile ignoring the will of the people ? 
  never . 
  oh yes , because the catalonian independance referendum back in 2014 resulted in an independent catalonia ... oh no wait , everyone just ignored the result and carried on as usual , as would happen with a non-legally binding scottish referendum . 
   democracy does n't mean enormous decisions should be taken based on ~ ~ a random fluctuation ~ ~ the will of the people . 
  yes , it does actually . 
  parroting the anti-democratic and anti-self determination sentiments of the eu that we left because of . 
  never change ... 
  thank you danefriend, 
  exactly . 
  what are they going to hate us for , practising democracy ? 
  the op need to stop being such a sycophant . 
  this is a europe subreddit , not a eu one . 
   scotland would be instantly recognized by most of the world if it won a 50 % +1 referendum on independence this is hopelessly delusional . 
  care to explain to me why a grand total of zero countries recognised catalonia as an independant state after they voted 80 + % in favour of independence in their referendum ? 
  if it 's not legally binding , no country will legitimise it . 
  it 's that simple . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  scotland needed the edinburgh agreement to transfer the power to themselves to make a legally binding independence decision . 
  if they were to hold a second referendum now , it would have no legitimacy or be legally binding in any way . 
  it would have no more impact than the independence referendum they had in catalonia in 2014 . 
  if they want a real second referendum , they only way to do it is to get approval from westminster . 
  not to mention spain would veto any scottish attempt to join the eu . 
  it 's like america gaining independence from the british empire big, 
  impossible for scotland to join the eu , spain would veto . 
  wales voted to leave , ni only narrowly voted to stay . 
  the uk as we know it is going no where . 
  anglosphere strong, 
  that 's what i 'm doing, 
  oh look , it 's the `` eu keeps peace in europe '' myth again . 
  because he is n't , there 's a lot more to fascism than being authoritarian . 
  the word has zero meaning anymore because of how often it 's bandied around as a general insult . 
  b-but brexit has n't happened yet !, 
  true , though it should be noted that gibraltar parliament is largely autonomous of the uk 's - gibraltar calling the eu a bunch of cucks should n't be conflated with the uk sharing that , err ... opinion . 
  gibraltar is a dependency of the uk , but not part of the uk . 
  oh sure , it 's not like they 've been trying to gain control of gibraltar for the last three centuries or anything . 
  these comments were made by chief minister fabian picardo , a strong remainer , like pretty much everyone else in gibraltar . 
  try again . 
   even though nobody else cares oh i 'm pretty sure the spanish do, 
  heh heh us remainers are so smart , right guys ? 
   it 's pointless . 
  it 's suits their agenda . 
   truth does n't matter just like most of what you post then ? 
  tea for chocolate ? 
  well it 's eight months overdue but i 'll take it . 
  just a shame about the people there hey ? 
   but they did an an excellent job when it came to murdering civilians !, 
  pales in comparison to the ira . 
  stop deflecting . 
   because the british army were much worse lol , right , that 's why the army only killed a fraction of amount the ira did . 
  sooooo much worse . 
  the bastards [ killed far more ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_ireland#/media/file:troubles_deaths_by_perpetrator.png ) than any other group , stop trying to twist the statistics to soften their image . 
  no need to be a dickhead mate . 
  if people had street parties when thatcher died , this warrants a day of national celebration . 
  may he rot in hell where he belongs . 
  if those experts had n't been continuously making u-turns and upgrading the uk growth forecast post-ref you might have a point . 
  but they have , and you do n't . 
   independence from what ? 
  the eu , obviously . 
   if you want to do something in your country - do it . 
  like limiting eu immigration , or negotiating trade deals , or altering regulations , for example ? 
  yeah , ca n't be done while in the eu , hence why leaving grants more independence . 
  it 's not hard to understand that much . 
  and when actually asked directly whether they want a second referendum every single post-brexit poll has returned a `` no '' answer . 
  why waste a good emblem right ? 
  but you did just prove he speaks for the majority . 
  well they have had quite a bit of time to repeal them , though i can see the `` austria legalises nazism '' headlines already . 
   proudly displaying nazi tattoo 's and trying to sell music glorifying the nazi 's are both actions and both crimes in austria pathetic really, 
  yes , the predictions were based on a50 being triggered , and it will be . 
  the new forecasts do n't just extend until next month , they stretch for at least another full financial year , taking into account the effects of a50 being triggered . 
  whichever way you cut it , they did get it a tad wrong . 
   the last 6 months have proven what a cluster fuck this thing was . 
  hardly . 
  the bank of england and imf have both recently pulled u-turns on their pre-ref forecasts and now show increased growth , which is a hell of a lot better than the apocalyptic predictions before the vote . 
  sorry , any non-apocalyptic news regarding britain is not welcome here . 
   normal people do n't need assault weapons we will at this rate, 
  i 've always admired the czech 's for their gun culture , got to come visit you lot some time . 
  it 's just a slightly more upmarket buzzfeed these days, 
  you had an empire , we had an empire - just imagine the possibilities ...
