  equally , handguns were banned in my country following the dunblane massacre , which resulted from police incompetence rather than a failure of the law . 
  i agree entirely , it is very unfortunate that some choose to discriminate against over a billion people based on the actions of a minority . 
  but as far as discussion and criticism of islam goes on this subreddit , it 's generally pretty civil , so i feel that the guy branding anyone who questions islam a `` racist cunt '' is a little much . 
   now that it 's becoming clear that this is a fascist piece of shit attack . 
  based on what ? 
  that he said he was german ? 
  now you 're the one jumping to conclusions . 
   are all the racist cunts in this thread going to apologise ? 
  criticising islam does not amounts to racism . 
  crazy for wanting an objectively better system ? 
   ukip earlier manifestos proposed the privatisation of the nhs and the opening the market to a multitude of nationally regulated health insurance funds ( aka the german system ) . 
  did they really advocate this ? 
  might be one of the few things i could actually agree with them on . 
  scotland 's deficit percentage is twice as high of that of the uk 's , so that 's one pretty big difference . 
  maybe if your reply stayed on the topic of scotland 's economy instead of just going off on a tangent and being the anglophobic rant of an irishman with a chip on his shoulder , i would n't downvote you . 
  the only thing that causes the scottish deficit to be so high is the snp 's overspending year-on-year . 
   their tax-rising powers are small and only at the behest of westminster the point is they have them , but have n't used them . 
  so why would anyone advocate scotland leaving the uk on the basis that they can set their own taxes , when they have been able to do this in some capacity for 17 years but never have ? 
  and as i linked in my previous post , they 're going to be receiving far more financial powers in the next year , further nullifying that argument . 
   explain northern ireland versus the republic i thought the discussion was about scotland , but okay . 
  in large part it is due to the slashing of their corporation tax down to a very low level and becoming a pseudo tax haven . 
  a policy that is n't particularly compatible with the snp 's ideology . 
  though when speaking of the merit of ireland 's economy , one should n't forget their banking collapse and subsequent $ 64bn bailout just a few years ago . 
   outside of the uk they can determine their own taxation policies scotland has been able to vary it 's income tax since the incepetion of the scottish parliament - it has never used this ability . 
  further , they 're set to [ receive substantial economic powers shortly . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-35866776 )  there 's literally no reason scotland ca n't do as well as ireland if they had a competent government elected on a coherent plan instead of cheap rhetoric , they might . 
  but this is not the case . 
  england 's `` subjects '' ? 
  `` bleeding them dry '' ? 
  anglophobic , and nonsense quite frankly . 
  how can you talk about england siphoning resources when it is scotland that that receives a disproportionately large amount of public money , despite having a gdp per capita higher than the uk average ? 
  scotland 's economy is the way it is because of their substantial structural deficit resulting from them plain overspending . 
  scotland is n't struggling because england is `` funneling '' money away from it . 
  scotland 's gdp per capita is higher than the uk 's average . 
  the reason scotland is in it 's position is because of the substantial budget imbalance that exists in the country , mainly resulting from public spending being 20 % higher in scotland than in england . 
  the scottish government and parliament should be coming up with solutions to address the current state of the scottish economy , but under the snp public spending has only gone up and the deficit widened , along with significant failures in police scotland , nhs scotland , and education , despite [ receiving more public funding ] ( http://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/researchbriefing/summary/sn04033 ) than england or the rest of the uk on whole , per capita . 
  so i would n't hold out to much hope . 
  i understood his comment as insinuating that scotland 's poor economy is due to being part of the uk , which would be a pretty baseless opinion . 
  of course i could have misread it , in which case i apologies for going off-topic . 
   scotland is not a country but wants to be one . 
  england is a country but it wanted to be a special snowflake in a union . 
  neither is a country if you go by what the iso and cia define as a country . 
  considering scotland has a deficit that is 10 % of it 's gdp and is continuously subsidised by the rest of the uk , i somehow doubt going it alone is going to benefit the country economically . 
  # 49bn of scotland 's exports also go to the rest of the uk , where as only # 12bn go to the rest of the eu , so they 'd be leaving one big single market to stay in a comparatively much smaller one . 
  if brexit was economic suicide , scottish independence would be economic armageddon . 
  36 % actually , a relative majority . 
  if you want to continue this tit for tat , i can . 
  but are you actually going to tell me how turkey is not democratic , or are you going to continue to dodge the question ? 
   says the man whose country just voted to shoot itself in the head regardless what you think of brexit it was determined by the most democratic system possible . 
   a prime minister that was not elected by the people we never elected pm 's , we elect parties . 
  like every other parliamentary system on the planet . 
   a queen that was not elected by the people and who holds no power . 
   and boris johnson as foreign secretary he 's had a busy first few days , seems to have handled his role quiet well so far . 
  yes , democratically elected , certainly more democratic than the fucked up system your country uses . 
  wow . 
  i do n't know enough about hungarian history - presumably the communists removed the democratic system after they were elected to power in 1949 ? 
  then yes , the military turning against the government is still by definition treason , but morally justifiable . 
  but that is not comparable to the situation in turkey . 
  both the president and the parliament is selected in an open election . 
  the military trying to overthrow either is treason and is not at all justifiable , and the key perpetrators should face severe repercussions . 
  are you condoning the actions taken by the coup leaders last night ? 
  i just can not understand your thinking . 
  the turkish government is elected by the people in a democratic process . 
  a faction of the military attempts to remove them from power , bombing parliament , pulling broadcaster off air , and forcing civilians off the streets . 
  i do n't like erdogan either , but that 's a clear cut case of treason . 
  the military exists to serve the people and their elected leader , and quite clearly they were n't doing either of those things last night . 
  how on earth is a military coup against a democratically elected government ** not ** treason ? 
  not in any great numbers they 're not . 
  cheer up buddy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0gfrcfm-ay, 
  oh i can see it now , isis crossing the channel in an armada of amphibious technicals, 
  but it is a massive body of water compared to say , a pond , or a lake , or a river . 
  or anything that 's not a sea or an ocean really . 
  and unless those who want to enter the country are called jesus , they 're not going to be walking across it in any hurry . 
  it would certainly be harder than travelling between the rest of europe , which is the point i was making , in case that was n't obvious . 
  the english channel is still a thing , right ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i love you frogs , but right now i 'm really glad there 's a massive body of water between our two countries . 
  i think we took delivery of our first f-35 a few weeks ago , i imagine they 'll be here before the carrier is done , but i 'm not fully versed on the subject, 
  that 's some pretty damn wild speculation then, 
  he has influence on public opinion , which was needed to win the referendum . 
  he has no influence on how the uk government will negotiate with the eu , so as far as he 's concerned his job is done . 
  how could farage be pm , his is n't even an mp . 
  hell , his entire party only has 1 mp , they have no power in parliament whatsoever . 
  he has said from the start , more than 20 years ago , that he would quit politics as soon as his objectives had been achieved , which they have . 
  as for johnson , yes , he absolutely intended to run for pm . 
  he hired one of the best political strategists in the world for his campaign , and was on his way to announce his candidacy when gove stabbed him in the back . 
  sensibly he withdrew his entry - it 's better to not take part in a competition than to lose in one , as far as politics is concerned . 
  and its paid of well for him , look were he is now relative to gove . 
  departugal, 
  i 'm pretty jealous of the carriers the french have at the moment , hopefully we 'll be getting the first of our new ones before long . 
   our shithole corrupt piece of shit country is as much responsible for this as the people that did it themselves yeah , you 're fucking delusional alright . 
  maybe you should stay off the internet until you hit puberty , spare us all your moronic ramblings . 
  such a child . 
  the only person directly responsible for this is the swine that drove a truck though a crowd of people . 
  stop trying to pin every single thing on wrong in for world on america , it gets old . 
  fair enough , sorry for misreading , you could probably lay off the `` you 's '' and `` your 's '' if you 're not directing it at the recipient though . 
  i 'm not the one whose opening comment was a rant concluding with telling the person to fuck off , so excuse me if i jump to conclusions about your temperament . 
   one of the major brexit arguments was that you want to have control over who to let in . 
  right ? 
  i did n't realise wanting border control was a ` fuck you ' . 
  seems like a perfectly reasonable wish , practically every country in the world outside of the eu utilises it .
