it could be called that , but there 's a big difference between poland and finland and their history with conscription . 
  finland 's conscription saved the country from occupation probably more than once , whereas polish conscription mostly served soviet interests . 
  also , the finnish government has never abused the military and drafted soldiers in attack campaigns or colony wars . 
  the only offensive campaign in wwii had wide support among the population . 
  it 's great , i liked my time in the army ( infantry , platoon leader ) and fully support conscription . 
  would go again in a heartbeat . 
  that said , the system should be more equal . 
  women should have some kind of compulsory service or they should at least attend drafts . 
  edit : mobile typos . 
  i 'd also like to add that this case was heard behind closed doors because both the victim and the defendants were underaged . 
  therefore no one knows what where the real conditions of the case and why the judges decided as they did . 
  finland has always had a better connection to russia than most western countries , you 'd have to be stupid to deny that . 
  besides , the eu is n't the same as nato . 
  also , nato membership would definitely make finland a more important target to russian nuclear weapons ( and traditional pre-emptive strikes , too ) than it is now . 
  of course the targets are not set in stone . 
  but even the possibility of having foreign nato troops on our soil would put us high on the list . 
  for example having british typhoons or american tanks stationed in eastern finland right next to st. petersburg . 
  if finland joined , nato 's ground border with russia would double . 
  the baltic sea would be surrounded by nato , with russia only having kaliningrad and st. petersburg area . 
  this would definitely lead to russian counter measures and further military preparation , not to mention ruining finland 's political connection to kremlin . 
  i for one do not want russian nukes aimed at finland ( putin said recently that nato membership makes denmark a target ) , and our economy is too weak to take a hit in trade . 
  i also do n't see how nato would be able to effectively help against a full invasion or even a strategic strike . 
  the baltic 's armies are a joke , and them and norway could n't help much with other measures , either . 
  next would be poland and germany , who are too far to effectively help against a surprise strike ... 
  so no , finland should not join nato . 
  this is the trend in finland , too . 
  there are `` experiments '' in some cities where unemployed people are required to work for their < 10 $ / day benefit . 
  some even work for private companies under city supervision . 
  that 's one hell of a competitive edge for a business , not having to pay according to collective agreements . 
  recession , not depression ( yet ) . 
  indeed , it would be interesting to see some cold war era polls . 
  i might not have worded that perfectly . 
  you should read [ their words ] ( https://www.perussuomalaiset.fi/kielisivu/in-english/ ) instead to get a better understanding . 
  for starters they support high tax progression , want to bring back wealth tax , and tax high capital gains harder . 
  [ read more here ] ( https://www.perussuomalaiset.fi/kielisivu/in-english/ ) , for example under the economics section . 
  like i answered to / u/okiedokie321 , it 's the economic policy that 's left leaning . 
  i would n't say pot legalisation and support of immigration are the only things that define if a party is leftist . 
  their economy and labour views are left leaning , but at the same time they have conservative , anti-eu and anti-immigration values . 
  coalition is pro-nato , but centre and finns are against . 
  we wo n't even be talking about joining the next four years , that 's for sure . 
  66 % of the new government are against joining , but 99 % are supporting more funds for the defence forces . 
  the next 4 years will be interesting ... 
  yeah , i mixed them up . 
  russias high population , and economic , political and military influence is enough to call them a regional power or a regional superpower . 
  but that 's not the point here , i was originally trying to explain their ( their being putin and other russian politicians ) way of thinking and not what they actually are . 
  i 'd argue that russia is a regional power , and they are really trying to become a superpower . 
  edit : corrected terms . 
  yeah , but that 's not quite how a superpower 's political thinking goes . 
  russia sees ukraine as a part of their sphere of influence . 
  russia thinks that nato 's expansion brings usa 's or `` the west 's '' sphere of influence too close to them . 
  the goal of the coalition led government has been to reduce debt and cut public spending . 
  not lending is not the only thing that defines austerity policies . 
  these things have n't done anything good to the economy or the health of the public sector . 
  all i 'm saying is that these policies have n't worked and it should have been time to try something else , such as investing in public infrastructure , education and research , that is , economic stimulus . 
  our national deficit is the boogeyman that the right wing is using to justify budget and tax cuts . 
  [ some text in finnish to further explain my viewpoint . 
  the previous government lowered the corporate tax and income taxes have n't seen meaningful raises . 
  finnish economy was too reliant on nokia and after its fall the industry has lost a lot of its capability to innovate . 
  i would n't say that finland would necessarily be any better outside of euro . 
  comparing finland 's economy to norway or sweden is problematic when norway has its oil industry driving the economy and sweden has traditionally had a lot more diverse industrial base . 
  public deficit has become the scapegoat to every economics problem in our country . 
  if nothing else , there needs to be a more open conversation about other alternatives . 
  well , the new government is n't formed yet , but i think it 's very likely that the centre party will pick finns and the coalition as its partners . 
  that means the government will combine conservative and nationalistic ideologies with neo-liberalist economic policies . 
  budget deficit is n't such a bad thing in our economic situation . 
  creating jobs and economic growth is much more urgent than reducing deficit . 
  we tried austerity economics already , and it has n't worked . 
  most likely the new government will add xenophobia and eu skepticism to the mix . 
  finns party , keeping up the finnish stereotype . 
  i can not fathom why over 5000 people gave their votes to this joke of a man ... 
  ** finland ** votes in [ parliamentary election ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_parliamentary_election,_2015 ) today . 
  the [ centre party ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centre_party_\\ ( finland \\ ) ) will probably win by a wide margin , but the next three places are an exciting race between [ social democrats ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democratic_party_of_finland ) , [ national coalition ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_coalition_party ) and the [ finns party ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finns_party ) . 
  thanks for introducing me to paperi t. really great sounds . 
  at least iran is open about it . 
  saudis and the others are important financiers of al-qaeda and other sunni terrorist organisations . 
  it would n't go politically unnoticed . 
  but it 's foolish to think that anyone would aid us with any significant military assets as long as we remain outside of nato . 
  in my opinion nato is somewhat an obstacle when it comes to nordic defense cooperation . 
  nato is still unpopular in sweden and especially in finland , and on the other hand norway , denmark and iceland are unlikely to move their defense from nato-based to nordic ( more independent ) cooperation . 
   the neutrality of finland is a joke . 
  finland is not a neutral state . 
  what kind of a neutral state imposes economic sanctions on russia ? 
  one that 's in the eu . 
  you 're right , we 're not neutral . 
  we are a member of the european union . 
  your comment is so ignorant that i 'm doing myself a disservice by replying . 
  but i 'll correct some facts . 
  estonia has the smallest population , 1,3 million . 
  latvia 2 million and lithuania almost 3 million people . 
  best way to control the baltic sea is to control gotland , which is swedish territory . 
  from there the russians could easily create a no fly zone that would span across the baltic sea . 
  just put some s-300s there and nothing will get past denmark and germany . 
  finland has an effective military when it comes to traditional warfare where armor , anti-air , artillery and numbers count . 
  the kind of hybrid war we see in ukraine is possible in baltic countries which have large russian minorities . 
  finland does n't , and finland has based its defence against russia for far longer than the baltic countries have even existed . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  now get some mbts and you 're good . 
  i think the biggest liability to baltic security are the baltic countries ' own armed forces , or the lack thereof . 
  finland joining nato would probably help the baltics more than finland itself . 
   because it takes political actions against israel still not anti-semiticism .
