ca n't go wrong with a fine bear . 
  well it 's mainly news in this sub and news has always been `` depressing as shit '' because that 's the kind of news people want to read ... apparently . 
  coming soon to channel 5 in the uk , complete with fig leaves . 
  ... remotely . 
  the hell did n't any of those witnesses stop them . 
  seeing something like that would stop me worrying about consequences , i 'd be in flames . 
  maybe he was gunning for the americans , seems a huge coincidence that they happened to be close enough to stop him before anyone was killed . 
  hey russia , i 'd like to introduce you to the streisand effect : http://i.imgur.com/i43sdmx.jpg, 
  great case for jury nullification ... if they have that . 
  it costs me about # 2 a week to use an ecig , diy juice and make my own coils . 
  uk 's figures are going to be very inaccurate , there was a big and probably still is , blackmarket for cigarettes due to the prices here . 
  flemland represent !, 
  boris would have a fit . 
  the amount you get is barely enough to get by , you survive but you do n't live . 
  we 've been massaging unemployment figures in the uk for ~ ~ years ~ ~ decades . 
  well til ... rip pickles . 
  you do ? 
  do n't forget ireland . 
  i think portugal just declared war . 
  thanks germany ... 
  with germany , france and norway maybe . 
  shut up meg !, 
  he 's about as german as the queen . 
  see , this what happens when zip ties are legal !, 
  not that again . 
  hmm . . so now the itunes software is facilitating breaking the law . 
  what a bunch of cock . 
  if it 's not relevant then the voting system will bury it , that 's how reddit is supposed to work . . obviously that was n't the case here . 
  ca n't believe i outlived dracula . 
  they were only weird when they got converted to decimal . 
  we should keep out of this , at least until belgium invades poland . 
  as a uk person who has never been to portugal i 've only heard good things from friends who visited if that means anything and as a non-drug user your open drug policies are something to be proud of . 
   surprice lunch death by dinner . 
  but who 's going to fly it kid ? 
  careful now . 
  those arrested :  nine of the defendants were fifa officials by operation of the fifa statutes , as well as officials of one or more other bodies : . 
  jeffrey webb : current fifa vice president and executive committee member . 
  eduardo li : current fifa executive committee member-elect . 
  \u2022 julio rocha : current fifa development officer former central american football union ( uncaf ) president and nicaraguan soccer federation ( fenifut ) president . 
  \u2022 costas takkas : current attache to the concacaf president . 
  former cifa general secretary . 
  \u2022 jack warner : former fifa vice president and executive committee member , concacaf president , cfu president and trinidad and tobago football federation ( ttff ) special adviser . 
  eugenio fiqueredo : current fifa vice president and executive committee member . 
  rafael esquivel : current conmebol executive committee member and venezuelan soccer federation ( fvf ) president . 
  jose maria marin : current member of the fifa organizing committee for the olympic football tournaments . 
  former cbf president . 
  nicolas leoz : former fifa executive cornrnittee member and conmebol president . 
  rekt ? 
  it 's sort of understandable because from our point of view on earth it appears as though we 're static , also expressions such as the sun rising make it sound like the sun is the object that is moving . 
  big question here is would you vote for farage to boot us out of the eu ? 
  nick clogg . 
  the empire is rising again !, 
  that depends on whether crimea comes along too because i do n't think russia cares about the rest of the ukraine ( much ) , it just wants good access to the black sea . 
  been watching france24 english version since this started , remarkably drama free and informative coverage . 
  so 40 or so kids and the two babies that have just been mentioned ? 
  some inisghtful commentary on / r/aviation : http://www.reddit.com/r/aviation/comments/304a4y/germanwings_a320_crash_in_france/cpoyoqm, 
  i would n't read too much into that . 
  ... getting brigaded by / r/russia, 
  . . but you 'll never get it back . 
  i think it 's the swedes that are into surstr\u00f6mming . 
  it 's down to confidence in the eu , if greece goes out investors will be wondering who is next . 
  sounds simple but in practice it would lead to a snowball effect with countries like spain and italy likely to end up in the same situation . 
  hopefully we 'll be out of the eu before this happens . 
  you 'd be a perfect fit !, 
  overpaid , oversexed and over here . 
  so was i , 
  it must be very confusing living in the maldives , 7 different plug types-tf . 
  and the falklands, 
  swederland . 
  next . 
  next stop terrorism , kick them out and let them play in the middle east . 
  yes , it 's more likely to do with suspected assistance to is and human rights issues ... it 's also not the people but the people in power . 
  you 've been annexed until gareth bale stops playing . 
  * their, 
  japan : killed chinese, 
  they might be referred to as newspapers but they 're really just printed toilet paper . 
  the colder it is , the more you earn . 
  russia excluded . 
  [ saudi 's are into to it too , male to male . 
  ] ( http://www.unilad.co.uk/sex/saudi-prince-accused-of-demanding-male-aide-to-fart-in-his-face/ ), 
  there 's a big difference between being farted on and pooped on . 
  to be fair , we never really heard much about anything from the ussr , part them and part us , when gorbachev came into power and news flowed more freely the ussr became a whole lot less scary . 
  from where ? 
  would you care to invade the uk ? 
  the 0.0000000000000001 %, 
  wonder where he stashed it all . 
  i meant the ` next brit ' part . 
  it implies you 're british . 
   i 've enjoyed the sherlock holmes series as much as the next brit you have to be a brit for that to make sense . 
  we still need more sources . 
   one guy even brought along a small muzzle-loading cannon that 's just cheating . 
  shipping containers ... sounds like a cunning plan . 
  http://youtu.be/382njadcwve ( 5:00 - lol ) riot police at 6:20 | superior british fencing at 8:15 . 
  watching ... nope . 
  well if it 's been described as such it must be true . 
  they 're happy because they 're in europe . 
  never noticed before that greece has a cow 's udder ... must be where they make the yoghurt . 
  easy * for * portugal, 
  ireland can hold their own in that group , it 's northen ireland i feel sorry but there 's no easy group except maybe f for portugal . 
  i think it 's missing the secret ingredient .
