  you have direct democracy with * elected * overseers who have a professional background , military , medical , economy ... etc. 
  if anything that gets passed is a danger to the country or just plain ridiculous then it gets thrown out . 
  if there ever was a time this headline was more appropriate : http://imgur.com/9u5jxql, 
  audiobook of it in english is on youtube . 
  i 've fell asleep many times trying to get through it . 
  only the female urinals . 
  does n't everyone wash their hands after sex ? 
  only if i touch more than my penis . 
  i often use my arm on the door for that reason . 
  the only * real * threat to the eu area is russia , good luck against them without the us and uk . 
  is the english channel deep enough for the trident subs ? 
  singing my lovely horse . 
  that article read like the propganda it was criticising . 
  all i see is rusty warships with tugboats . 
  aye , the potato famine was n't a laughing matter either . 
  a price worth paying . 
  was thinking ikea but according to wikipedia it 's now some luxembourg based tax dodging operation . 
  i just learnt turkish , look : erdogen cevizi !, 
  football shirts maybe . 
  all i used to see was fruit orchards in the non-suburban/city areas . 
  we 're going through a tramatic time in our relationship with europe caused by our divorce from the eu , you have to expect a few problems but what we get in this sub and reddit as a whole is nothing compared to the shit other countries get across the internet ( and reddit ) . 
  morons who found an excuse . 
  all of europe - why are americans so dumb . 
  this sounds a classic leak and then deny once public opinion is gauged . 
  too many steroids . 
  i think it 's based on geordie . 
  [ you ca n't speak italian just because you have a moustache ] ( https://youtu.be/kqa07b0x6ju ), 
  most of the hot spots are capitals where it 's more likely ` innovative ' companies reside - even if only their head offices . 
  so it 's not a funeral ? 
  there 's no dead person involved ? 
  that 's the highly respected sergeant gravy i 'll have you know . 
  russia is listed as number two on gfp and that 's without their nuclear arsenal being counted ( although recognised - their wording ) . 
  i doubt that would be a nato situation , in the same way the falklands was n't . 
  we would likely have to borrow an aircraft carrier or two from the americans though :p, 
  or modify or pay to modify a regular pair . 
  should be straight forward with a sewing machine , i used to take up my own jeans . 
  or a troll , you 'd have to be a brainwashed moron to think that . 
  i thought we have already established that human rights trump religious freedom . 
  yes , it 's very tabloid like and headlines seem to be the point of the whole story . 
  it is true to say that italy is on very rocky ground and its financial stabilty is hinging on the upcoming ( october ) referendum on constitutional reform . 
  just to add , since we mostly speak english here , it 's very difficult to find a source that does n't have uk links and is n't in america - not the best place to look for europe-centric news . 
  i have a strong feeling things went on in the background re : terrorists that were successful . 
  you 'll never hear about it though because that tips them off . 
  you 'd hardly expect her or any other eu leader to say anything different . 
  our politicians were too busy thinking up jokes about corbyn . 
  well , there goes plan a , what 's plan b ? 
  there where the air is free , we 'll be what we want to be . 
  now if we make a stand , we 'll find our promised land, 
  psa : because this sub has so many subscribers , mentioning or linking the pb sub here will get you banned there . 
  nope , not nottheonion . 
  i had to check . 
  real snacks as opposed to fake snacks ... and yes , b0rk !, 
  it 's hard to work in the heat . 
  the video has no ad !, 
  what they want is a giant battle at dabiq with `` rome '' ( the us/west ) which will start the chain of events that lead to the return of jesus . 
  they wo n't get that giant battle and win it ( they think ) without recruiting millions of muslims . 
  they kill westerners , westerners hate muslims , muslims join their ranks for the battle . 
  it may sound ridiculous but this is a movement motivated by a prophecy . 
  ignore the downvotes , you are correct . 
  is that it ? 
  is that the best there is ... 
  mainly his intelligence , thoughtfulness and etiquette . 
  https://youtu.be/mw4vmzditqo one of the uk 's greatest ever politicians , along with tony benn . 
  well it 's getting there but as long as the rule of law is seen as working then the streets will be relatively blood free . 
  not , do you eat turkey ? 
  still have n't found a specifically english one , still scrolling . 
  they did n't so much let the gdr ( ddr ) go as let it crumble between their fingers . 
  salty ? 
  coffee in the morning tea after three . 
  i blame overweight american tourists . 
  russia , turkey , iran and egypt : east to west , tea is best . 
  slightly . 
  the general tone is accurate though . 
  [ i 've no idea what you mean ] ( http://tinyimg.io/i/9jzbfac.jpg ), 
  much of the most sought after electronics are made in china ( apple products/pc components ) and they produce a lot of junk to hit low price points . 
  the whole thing is based ln generalisation and that 's the joke . 
  polandball for the most part is humour and every country is the butt at some point . 
  for what it 's worth i equate romania with fast cheap internet and gymnasts . 
  i 'm getting really tired of this monocle . 
  looks like a pain in the arse . 
  well , men can rape other men and not be gay . 
  if the turkish people keep that donkey in power then probably ... i 'd rather they were given every opportunity remove him before that happens though . 
  nice to see the iom represented on the sub !, 
  yay , all is not lost !, 
  hopefully every country in europe and the anglosphere will follow suit . 
  i guess this is as much a deterrent than anything else . 
  never really noticed how big theresa 's conk was before . 
  auntie mother-in-law . 
  how many inches is it ? 
  we would have joined if it was called that . 
  belarus looks like the road to utopia . 
  it is , i ca n't see how anyone could mistake that for a bird . 
  maybe he was looking at poland 's monstrosity . 
  that 's a lot of wrong you wrote there . 
  trump is roundly disliked by all sides and climate change is commonly accepted as fact . 
  on the upside trainspotting 2 comes out friday . 
  15m uk twitter users verses 6m uk reddit users says that twitter is more representative . 
  have n't seen this so have no opinion either way but reddit is very unrepresentative of the uk as a whole in my experience . 
  and women who clean the inside of their windows in their underwear . 
   d\u00f6ner kebab\u0131 i know that one !,
