  talk of three suspects now . 
  good to see the vast majority of them moving . 
  [ bright side ], 
  three dead officially confirmed . 
  in fairness , i think when we hear ` shooting in munich ' , most of us will immediately think of islamic terrorism , given the events of the last couple of years . 
  so to expect jihadis to be responsible is not a weird starting position to have . 
  it was mine as well . 
  however , the amount of people who come into this thread to complain about muslims and refugees after it 's becoming more and more obvious that this is most likely not islamic terrorism is shocking . 
  it 's like they do n't care what 's actually going on , do n't check the details , they just want to make their political point . 
  they 'll probably wo n't be heard from again if it really is confirmed this is a far right wing cunt . 
  oh yeah , absolutely , his accent is very native german , but it seems more ` standard ' german compared to the fairly thick bayerisches accent from the dude yelling at him . 
  does n't really mean anything of course , it just stood out for me for some reason . 
  people like this are hardly ever rational . 
  probably sees it as a statement against ` leftist politics ' or something . 
  breivik hated muslims but it did n't stop him from murdering 60 odd norwegian teenagers = /, 
  he does n't sound local from his accent . 
  the guy yelling at him definitely is . 
  if i recognize it correctly , that is . 
  the more info drips out the more it seems that this is n't connected to islamic terrorism or jihadi fuckknuckles . 
  so hold your horses . 
  judging by the accent and what he says from the ` roof discussion ' , suspect does not seem like an islamic terrorist or anything . 
  alt-righters on suicide watch now . 
  `` shooter refers to himself as german , was born `` here '' . 
  video of discussion with shooter on the roof : https://twitter.com/onlinemagazin/status/756540786305531904 / u/guilane2 '', 
  pretty much . 
  disgusting post , but i would n't expect anything less from a the_donald poster . 
  other sources now denying second shooting at stachus . 
  according to welt broadcast , police now say they 're assuming there 's more than one shooter . 
  also multiple deaths confirmed . 
  rumours of multiple dead , but official police line is still the one fatality . 
  confusion reigns . 
  oh piss off , you ca n't even see that from the grainy and shaky footage . 
  possibility of a second shooting in munich city centre, 
  welt live broadcast now says there might be a second shooting in m\u00fcnchen ... 
  is n't taqqiya mostly a shia thing , though ? 
  to protect themselves from sunnis ? 
  yes !, 
  that would be very cool . 
   french troops being ordered into battle to die by a german general ? 
  we 've had multinational command for decades , man , in ww2 , during the cold war , during peacekeeping missions abroad . 
  it 's hardly unusual for a force commander to have forces from various countries under his command . 
  i 'm sorry but i think * you * are the one who fails to understand ` how it works . . ', 
  you can not tell someone ` you do n't have proof that x does n't exist ' . 
  you ca n't ` prove ' unexistence . 
   you do n't have any proof that he was n't . 
  this ... is not how the burden of proof works ... 
   they won the election . 
  but under undemocratic conditions . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  i dunno , at least goats are nice people . 
  and , according to a midas dekkers book where he recounts a lecture from a japanese biologist , `` much warmer than humans '' . 
  so eeeeh ... do n't count the goats out just yet . 
  i do not for a moment dispute that the similarities between how erdogan and the nazis used the situations are massive . 
  abusing an event to violently seize more power . 
  does n't mean they caused the event though , which is what i see a lot of people suggesting . 
  an other poster replying brought up tnoftlk ( the night of the long knives ) as if that was an occasion where the hitlerites ` staged a coup ' to grab power , but that was also a different situation , though again the consequences were very similar to the reichstagfire decree and what is now happening in turkey . 
  the consequences of the situations in turkey and important moments during hitler 's rise to power are most definitely , undeniably similar . 
  the situations exploited by them , however , do have considerable differences when compared with each other . 
  as such , any direct equation between turkey now and germany ' 33 / '34 have to come with a few significant caveats . 
  sadly , many people omit them or even argue the opposite . 
  and the circumstances of early 30 's elections in weimar germany had little do with a functioning , free democratic state . 
  the framework was there , but it was not adhered to . 
  violent political suppression was rife and the police forces were anything but impartial upholders of the law . 
   it is questionable who actually started the fire , no it is n't ? 
  people enjoy bandying it around , but there is no evidence pointing to an insider nazi plot to torch the reichstag , as so often suggested , especially in light of recent events in turkey . 
  furthermore , the night of the long knives had little to do with a ` staged coup ' . 
  what the hitler faction did was create a few documents that supposedly proved r\u00f6hm , who certainly had ambitions of his own , had been paid by france to overthrow hitler , suggesting a coup of r\u00f6hm was in the works , and the actions of the purge were necessary to prevent that coup happening . 
  that 's not a ` staged coup ' . 
  that 's a staged plan for a coup . 
  big difference , huge difference , with what happened in turkey . 
  they certainly enjoyed a lot of popular support , that is undeniable . 
  but there 's quite a few steps between that and winning a fair , legal , and truly ` democratic ' election . 
  this should be the most visible post on this sub for the rest of the week . 
  more less than more . 
  that was n't a coup , einstein . 
  the nazis were already in power in ' 34 . 
  sure it was an internal purge , but not a coup . 
  the reason the nazis could carry out the action is because at the time they were , in great part , the ` etat ' part of ` coup d'etat ' . 
  sweden most immigrants ? 
  switzerland is at nearly 30 % according to that map . 
   staged a coup to eliminate the remaining `` enemies '' , replace judges etc , to take over power  eh ? 
  the circumstances surrounding hitler 's rise to power had little to do with a modern , functioning democracy . 
  and strictly speaking , hitler was appointed , in a machiavellian move by the people around hindenburg ( which did n't work out , obviously ) . 
  not elected . 
  nor did the nazi party ever garner a majority vote . 
  and again , the circumstances of germany 's political landscape at the time were of such a kind that calling anything associated with it ` democratic ' , as we now , and then , understand that term is nothing but patently false . 
  piggies will eat fucking anything . 
  nature 's vaccuum cleaners !, 
  and they turn all kinds of rubbish into delicious pig meat to boot !, 
  stupid jewslims do n't know what they 're missing !, 
   they have at least 1 f-16 , usually armed with some sort of sidewinder ( ir guidance ) and sparrow or amraam ( radar guidance ) . 
  so the rebels use either ground radar or an awacs to guide their fighter to the presidential plane . 
  the rebel fighter ( s ) are flying very low to avoid radar detection . 
  these are all straight up assumptions ... we do n't know how many aircraft the rebels had and with what kind of logistical support . 
   upon reaching effective weapon range the fighter jet pulls up and locks its ir weapons on the presidential plane . 
  there will be a gap between being detected and being ready to fire . 
  in your scenario , the rebel fighters have to get pretty damn close to the target to be able to fire boresight heaters . 
  visual range close . 
   and locks its ir weapons on the presidential plane . 
  ir weapons do not alarm the target that there 's a lock so you have the element of surprise .
