  because homo 's are decadent western thing and for to be homosex you must glitter . 
  or something . 
  if you 're going to post russian articles , maybe offer a translation or synopsis with them as well ? 
  i doubt there are many here who speak russian . 
  i would n't post a dutch article and just expect people to understand . 
  `` the ministry of agriculture in russia has now declared a state of emergency in the region and in an effort to save the harvest and repel the insects , they have increased crop-spraying flights in the area , dropping strong pesticides over the vast areas which have been infested . '', 
  good thing they destroyed all that sanctioned eu food then ... were n't gon na need that anyway , right ? 
  alfred j. kwak was superb . 
  it actually taught kids things . 
  it shows the ignorance of the downvoters , however . 
  i love how you 're at -34 for saying the truth . 
  all those kids that watched enemy at the gates and played call of duty think they suddenly know all about the eastern front , lol . 
  -34 , feck off downvoters . 
  he 's right . 
  askhistorians has a few things to say about this as well : https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/13kc5x/is_there_any_credibility_to_the_phrase_first_man/, 
  i have never seen primary source material referring to the whole one rifle for two soldiers idea . 
  this is a hollywood trope . 
  shortages of weapons and ammunition did not mean the soviets just used unarmed human wave attacks . 
  they were n't that stupid . 
  if you have any legitimate sources , i 'd be happy to hear them . 
  like an angry child . 
  ever spent a night behind bars ? 
  i dgaf if you have a ps4 , not being able to get out sucks really really hard . 
  breivik wo n't get out for the rest of his life . 
  so yeah , i 'm sure he 's actually taking it pretty fucking hard . 
  and good for him , because fuck him . 
  but do n't act as if being locked up is a breeze as long as you have a ps4 . 
  afaik , the two soldiers to a single rifle is definitely bullshit . 
  you ca n't blame the western media for one reddit poster getting creative with a post title , though . 
  `` in the words of mikhail iampolski , a historian , russia now resembles a khanate in which local princes receive a licence to rule from the chief khan in the kremlin . '', 
  mikhail iampolski mikhail beneaminovich iampolski is an associate professor of comparative literature and russian and slavic studies at new york university . 
  he is the author of the memory of tiresias . 
  wikipedia born : december 6 , 1949 ( age 65 ) , moscow , russia it 's not western media that is saying this . 
  it 's a russian historian . 
  a fascist ? 
  i suppose it is . 
  yet ` tactless ' is exactly what i think of when i think of putin 's russia . 
  not in the least because the paramilitary sa massively suppresed rival parties and politicians . 
  it was not a ` fair election ' by any stretch of the imagination . 
  a modern democracy is not the blind order of the majority . 
  a modern democracy guarantees the human and civil rights of minorities of any type . 
  and hitler 's ` election ' was n't a particularly ideal school example of democracy in action . 
  it was a much too complicated situation to just say he ` got elected ' as if fitting a modern context . 
  problem : do we build a jizz-cleaning robot that will eventually get so pissed off with its menial task that it rebels and kills us all ? 
  is the surname dudek related to that ? 
  ( thinking of jerzy dudek ), 
  well , it sure as fuck is n't a proper , well-functioning democracy , is it now ? 
  it 's not really a secret that western datalinking is far superior than russian . 
  i remember a youtube vid of an american air force officer talking about this in a more or less private settings . 
  he pretty much said what you just said with regard to how the indians picked the teams for their excercises . 
  without absolutely full knowledge of the context , circumstances and roe of the excercise , claiming ` who won ' in a celebratory article is totally and utterly useless . 
  the interview with the old german at the end is pretty chilling . 
  i 'm just sad it flew over my head ... ca n't even blame it on ` it 's late ! ', 
  or ` it 's early !, 
  ' ... middle of the bloody day ... well played , m ` lord . 
  fml :(, 
  `` chinks '' is just as disparaging a term , but even worse , it 's the * wrong one * . 
  i have also heard about this budapest place having much maygars . 
  the most vocal 2nd amendment supporters in the usa think of it as a safeguard against government tyranny and interference . 
  the post i replied to specifically said `` i am often surprised how the continent that gave birth to the enlightenment is not more distrusting of government '' . 
  written by a us-flaired poster . 
  a rational distrust of government is a good thing , and plenty of europeans have exactly that . 
  i do not want to see us become ` more distrusting ' of government within an american context , where , yes , people think owning guns prevents them from being fucked with by the government . 
  my comment was n't so much about free speech as it was about the part of his post referring to distrust of government . 
  calm your tits , it 's bad for your blood pressure . 
  that was n't even meant as a negative statement . 
  get the stick out of your bunghole . 
  tell that to sam dubose . 
  very helpful cop , that was . 
  or eric garner , he was definitely helped . 
  or walter scott . 
  he was helped so much he was shot in the back six times . 
  did i say `` all cops are shitstains '' ? 
  nope , i did not . 
  but you do have a huge fucking problem with police violence over there . 
  a ridiculously , embarrasingly large problem for a developed nation , the richest on earth . 
  i specifically wrote `` and look , i know there 's plenty of americans who are just as horrified by all the police shootings '' , but you decided to conveniently ignore that , did n't you ? 
  do n't put yourself in the sad wittle victim role . 
  it 's unbecoming of a proud american . 
  i believe the correct term is `` gooks '' . 
   mesoamerican and egyptian pyramids . 
  wait , what ? 
  how would that work in osmanagic ' brain ? 
  well of course . 
  some commenters seem to take my op as a sign that i implicitly trust everything my government says and does . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  always have a healthy distrust for them , of course . 
  but as you say , being rationally distrustful of your ( central ) government is a different thing from being straight up paranoid about your government , especially because americans nearly always tie the ridiculous 2nd amendment into it ( as demonstrated in this thread where we have a few friendly yanks telling us that we just needed more armed civilians to fight off the germans ) . 
  i think a lot of anti-american sentiment in this thread specifically revolves around a few us-flaired users who are stubbornly telling us that , if we just had more guns , we 'd have easily kicked the germans , guize !, 
  i think that combination of historical ignorance coupled with the us obsession for firearms telling ` europe ' how they should 've handled the nazis made a few of us here a wee bit salty . 
  and for good fucking reason , i might add . 
  683 people killed by us police this year alone . 
  how many of those are unwarranted ? 
  the entirety of europe has about twice as many inhabitants as the states and we would not even get close to those numbers if we fucking tried . 
  `` outrageous claim '' , `` stereotype '' , my hairy ass . 
  and look , i know there 's plenty of americans who are just as horrified by all the police shootings , but the biggest authority-boners are often found on the people who yell the hardest about oppressive governments and how they 'll never take his guns away . 
  * that * specific cognitive dissonation is just mesmerizing to me . 
  am i free to be wrong insofar as getting on my soapbox in the park and lecturing passersby about how all the jews should be gassed and all the blacks strung from trees ? 
  nah , you guys just tolerate an * insane * police force that blows you away when you look at them funny , all the while yelling about how you stand against gubmint oppression . 
  fuck you .
