  yeah , it 's pretty stupid . 
  i suppose it 's an emotional decision on the part of those family members to go through with it . 
  but even then , targeting russia specifically seems like such a long shot . 
  regardless of the extent of russia 's involvement in supplying materiel to the rebels , there 's no way russia itself is happy with the downing of mh-17 , let alone the idea that they did it deliberately . 
  as it stands , russia seems guilty of supplying dangerous weapons to a bunch of amateurs who made mistakes with it . 
  but as per your argument , good fucking luck actually proving that in court . 
  not gon na happen . 
  despite bellingcat 's good columbo work , it 's not sufficient for a court of law . 
  [ humour us ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/nnoghn1 ) , what kind of ` good arguments ' lead you to think some faction other than the sepa 's were the culpable party ? 
  edit : i see this post is ` controversial ' , but so far no arguments . 
  c'mon now , what silly conconction is it going to be ? 
  ukrainian air defenses shot it down ? 
  ukrainian frogfoot shot it down ? 
  the americans shot it down ? 
  a specially trained mossad operative halo 'd from a higher flying aircraft and manpad ` ed it out the sky during freefall ( `` explain wtc7 !! 111 '' ) ? 
  obummer shot lasers from his ass and burned through mh17 's fuel tanks ? 
  i said , `` humour us '' , now humour us !, 
   so all across russian federation you 're bount bound * , but i mostly wanted to say you 're making some excellent posts in this thread . 
  we all pretty much know what happened by now , but actually proving it , beyond reasonable doubt , in a court of law will be a whole different matter . 
   leopard 2 has a friggin amazing transmission system . 
  i guess jerry finally learned from his ww2 days :p, 
   hugo gernsback i remember a ship from mass effect having this name ( i think it was a large crashed freighter that offered a short semi-platforming side mission ) . 
  did n't know it was a real person , though . 
  always thought those were english . 
  at least the modern ones, 
   many nobles view the emergency of the bourgeoisie as a treat for their social status . 
  threat * and emergence * the way it 's written now makes it funny as hell :d, 
  you doctor yet ? 
  dams ? 
  in the nethies ? 
  you funny man !, 
  fine . 
  too much mass , not enough air inside then . 
  everyone understood what i meant anyway . 
  why would buoyancy not be a property of the black box ? 
  a black box is a metal box with stuff inside . 
  a ship is a metal box with stuff inside . 
  does n't a ship have an x amount of buoyancy depending on its size , construction and load ? 
  i. . . what ? 
  they do not float , no . 
  remember that a flight recorder is sensitive recording equipment deep within a ridiculously strong , crash resistent box . 
  it 's not easy to make that float . 
  too much mass , not enough buoyancy . 
  what the fuck , germany ... 
  the med is not the mariana trench but at 1500m average depth it 's not exactly a kiddie pool either . 
  kinda depends where the wreckage sites are of course , but it will be quite the operation to get that stuff above water . 
  i 'm a coward now ? 
  because ... what ? 
  i 'm not keen on shooting down aircraft flying in international airspace ? 
  you 're insane . 
  til that anyone not willing to instigate a war over nothing is a coward !, 
  i met a drunk like you in a bar once . 
  he was seriously suggesting we should shoot down these russian aircraft . 
  are you drunk ? 
  there is no particular reason . 
  they 're flying in international air space and it 's nato that has decided it will ` escort ' any russian military plane flying in certain areas of the north sea and baltics . 
  in many ways it 's a relic of the cold war , with a contemporary use as a decent excercise of some sorts . 
  stretch your legs , see if ` the enemy ' is awake . 
  this has nothing to do with puttyn riot , these types of military flights have been happening for a long time and the ruski 's are n't the only ones doing it . 
  neither did the comment it was praising , which was a cracking joke . 
  half this thread is sucking-on-dick jokes . 
  if you 're implying that anything non-contributing gets downvoted , you 'll have one hell of a time proving your theorem with all the inconsistency around it . 
  norway making us all look bad !, 
  if the usa does it , it 's their progress . 
  in the same sense , if russia would do , it would be russia 's progress , no ? 
  [ clean hit , outta the fucking park ] ( http://mms.businesswire.com/media/20150428005092/en/464698/5/home_run_derby_146055.jpg ) i ca n't for the life of my figure out why this comment is ` controversial ' . 
  oh r/europe , never change . 
  or do . 
  i do n't know how to please you anymore ... :(, 
  the high queer of fabulous flanders has rendered judgement . 
   if russia would do that it would be something weird that does n't suppose to be . 
  why not ? 
  you do n't ` believe ' in social progress ? 
  how ... how does that even work ? 
  lend-lease definitely helped , but to say the us was the industrial powehouse behind the ussr 's succes is hyperbole at best , utter nonsense at worst . 
  the relatively rapid relocation of soviet industry to behind the urals was one of the more amazing feats of ww2 . 
  in 1942 alone the ussr produced two or three times the amount of materiel that was received through all of lend lease to the ussr . 
  yeah they 're fine for my own country for example , where we barely get any snow in winter . 
  but i would n't want to be in the alps in winter on all-seasons . 
  what 's the difference between winter tires and situational winter tires ? 
  = / do they mean all-seasons ? 
  i responded to this post in length but it has been shadow-deleted, 
  so you think a lot of people vehemently opposed to fundamentalist islam are secretly just people with a hate boner against muslims or brown people or sandniggers , whatever you wan na call it , instead of actually finding the ideology espoused by fundamentalist islam reprehensible and incompatible with the liberal values that modern humanists have come to hold high ? 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of actual racists and hatemongers amongst the critics of islam . 
  actually , i do n't have to be ` sure ' , it 's pretty much an indisputable fact there are . 
  but that group , critics of islam , has become so large by now that it would be a goddamn miracle if there were n't a ton of shitheads in there . 
  hell , one could almost say the same for islam , or any mainstream religion , itself . 
  but what you 're doing , is to generalize them all as a bunch of racists . 
  islam `` haters '' are just closet racists , you say , `` ready to deport them ( muslims , brown people ) '' at the drop of a hat ; ethnic cleansing 2.0 . 
  you do n't even consider the possibility that there are tons of people legitimately concerned for the effects of fundamentalist islam . 
  here * and * there . 
  noooo , they 're all just closet racists to you . 
  it would be funny if you were n't such a sad stereotype of a real , regressive leftist . 
  you inflate your ` racist boogey man ' to unrealistic standards just so you can take up the cause for the poor orientals who are being racisted against by the evil , evil neo-colonists . 
  it would be admirable , really it would be , if only for the fact that people like you utterly neglect that in your crusade against the traditional right-wing opponent , you 're left holding hands with some of the most intolerant people this species can produce . 
  you sell-out . 
  you took modern humanist values and threw them on the dung heap for a chance to fulfill your anti-fascist fantasy . 
  you * are * the regressive left . 
  `` we got a live one , boys ! '', 
   while he who ?
