  that 's very annoying . 
  so i will no longer reply to you . 
  but those mafias are not justifying and glorifying their behaviour through literalist interpretation of scripture . 
  why are you so adamant at ignoring this ? 
  also , many terrorists come from non-disenfranchised backgrounds . 
  normal families , decent circumstances , good education . 
  nothing was done to push those people individually away to isis , except their own identity crisis , political grievances half a world away and * of course * , extremist islam being a massive part in this because it massively fosters the ` we vs. them ' thinking . 
  the notion that terrorists are always these poor , opressed people is a fallacy that has been disproven time and time again , yet you dredge it up again to suit your apologism . 
  so done with you . 
  big words , big essays , yet your content is zilch . 
  by insisting that part of the isis problem has nothing to do with literalist interpretations of islam as justification and motivation for their actions , despite isis themselves repeating the contrary . 
  `` they 're not so bad , despite what they themselves will tell you , they dont want to wage ideological war , they 're just angry and want jobs '' millions of people on this globe are rightfully angry and without jobs , yet they 're not stooping to isis levels . 
  i wonder why that is . 
  maybe because they 're not trying to emulate the stories about a 6th century warlord with the most literalist interpretation that one can muster . 
  of course there are many geo-political reasons connected to isis , but ignoring the problem of islamism is straight up preposterous . 
  i simply disagree . 
  you can twist and turn until you weigh an ounce , blaming all the middle east 's problems on the west , absolving islam and by extension the fundamentalist , jihadist interpretations of all blame , but despite your long posts and seeming intelligence , i find it an incredible one-dimensional and short-sighted explanation that you 're offering , as paradoxal as that may sound to you . 
  you simply refuse to acknowledge that there are underlying problems with islamic terrorism , blaming everyone who points them out with strawmen insults about how we 're blaming islam ( i believe i 've been carefully using terms such as `` literal interpretations of '' ) entirely and want to see muslims in camps , fully upholding the bogus `` islamophobia '' narrative . 
  in your eyes , everything isis does is perfectly explained through the actions of the evil west , religion has nothing to do with it and no matter how often isis themselves will tell you otherwise , you put your fingers in your ears and go ` na na na na , i ca n't hear you ' . 
  astounding . 
  why do you think you know better than isis what isis wants and thinks ? 
  the arrogance is astonishing . 
  they have a very small , but incredibly loyal voter base . 
  a very large `` us vs. them '' mentality ( akin to all fundamentalist religious interpretations ) as well . 
  sgp is pretty scary to be honest , only reason they 're not practically scary is because they simply have no power . 
  but their ideology explicitly states the forming of a theocracy . 
  that 's more or less even the reason for their existence , because in the early 20th century quite a few christian political parties merged , but a small clique did not want to relinquish a particular passage in a religious document . 
  remember , this is a passage that christian politicians in the early 20th century thought to be outdated , yet what later became the sgp wanted to hang on to it . 
  should give you an idea of how extremist this clique are . 
  they are often disparagingly called `` polder taliban '' in the netherlands , because that 's kind of what they are , ideologically . 
  definitely kemal . 
   and you 're running around talking about how it talks about islam sometimes ? 
  `` sometimes '' , lmmffao you 're a straight up isis apologist . 
  i love how you posted texts where jihadists ramble on and on about jews and crusaders besieging the holy warriors of allah , then turn around and say islam barely has anything to do with it . 
  and * then * you tell someone to look at the facts right in front of them . 
  how does one even ... this has to be the most spectacular case of cognitive dissonance i 've seen in a long while, 
  the reformation had fuck-all positive impact on our societal morals and values , it 's the enlightenment that counts ; the one that came about despite religious back pressure . 
  the one that the islamic world never had . 
  because the vacuous and literal interpretation of islamic scripture by extremists snowballs the horrible things they do and the justification for it . 
  you ca n't deny that all of their socio-political grievances are immensely focused through their fundamentalist religious interpretation , causing people to not ask questions about what they are doing , because in their eyes they are doing the most moral thing possible . 
  if you 're going to strawman me by saying i somehow support putting muslims in concentration camps , i can now strawman you by saying why you are so fervently coming up with apologetic excuses to ` explain ' isis ' atrocities , yet by your same explanations , many other disenfranchised groups should be committing major atrocities worldwide right now . 
  but they 're not , are they ? 
  socio-political grievances * will always exist * . 
  to channel those grievances though a barbaric ideology with increased u vs. 
  them thinking will lead to isis . 
  there are * dozens * of groups of people on this earth with legitimate socio-political grievances . 
  there 's only very few groups committing genocide and sexual slavery on a regular basis and massive scale . 
  so why is this then ? 
  why are you coddling islamic fundamentalists as if those fundamentalists somehow have a lower standard of morals to live to , hm ? 
  are you secretly racist ? 
  standard of low expectations again ? 
  you would n't excuse away vietnamese shooting up times square . 
  you would n't be an apologist for serbians bombing dc . 
  argentines blowing up a chips shop in leeds . 
  so why are you so invested in whitewashing the religous fundamentalist regime of isis ? 
  because that 's why you 're doing . 
  you are completely and utterly trying to separate the religious aspect from what they are doing , even though doing so clearly shows that no other group on earth is as fundamentally barbaric as isis is right now . 
  fundamentalist interpretation of islam serves as a focus lense to dilute modern moral values and as a vessel to justify heinously barbaric actions . 
  why are you defending all of that ? 
  are you an isis supporter ? 
  see , i can strawman too . 
  well , she 's not entirely wrong of course . 
  charismatic recruiters are a massive part of the radicalization process and it can certainly be argued that the government dropped the ball a few times as well , yet the complete lack of any reflection and self-criticism from this woman and muslim communities in general is unfortunately very typical . 
  it always seems to be what * others * should 've done to prevent it , they barely ever ask what * we * ( parents , muslims , muslim communities ) could 've done to prevent it . 
  quite pretty , in which region was this ? 
  [ this village ] ( http://samoderzhavnaya.ru/media/illustrations/prokudin_gorskiy/big/0080.jpg ) in particular looks like it belongs in an rpg like the upcoming kingdom come : deliverance, 
  this situation is not exclusive to arabs or muslims . 
  yet they 're the only ones committing genocide and sexual slavery all with their scripture as justification and glorification . 
  when a spade looks like a spade , calls itself a spade and acts like a spade , i 'm going to say it 's a spade , despite your incessant insistence that apparently it 's not a spade , it 's a rake . 
  next thing you 'll tell me that the nazis did n't actually hate jews at all . 
  if you want to educate people , maybe it 's better to not treat them as condenscending as you are doing right now , because dear god your comments read as if you are exceptionally full of yourself . 
   the fucked up part is that a tinfoil hat conspiracy theory , that terrorist organizations are led by profit and power seeking non-theists is more believable . 
  in steel beams and melting memes land , maybe . 
  not in the real world . 
  you 're seriously suggesting isis is doing the awful things they do because they have no jobs ? 
  seriously ? 
  but they are justifying it through religion , not secular , practical explanations . 
  the importance here is that they 're not asking modern 21st century moral questions regarding their ethics . 
  it 's not that they know they 're doing awful things rationalized by practical use , they 're rationalizing , morally justifying it , through the vessel that is their interpretation of religion . 
  they 're not saying ` we 're genociding to solidify our power base and enslaving these women to reward our disciples ' , they 're saying they are carrying out the will of allah . 
  whether the vessel that contributes to their ethnic hatred and patriarchy is nazism or radical islam , it 's obviously contributing . 
  it 's the veil that prevents people from asking the correct moral questions , because the veil is the correct moral answer in their eyes . 
  how is the veil not a massive , massive problem ? 
  and how does any of that explain the sexual slavery and genocide they are committing on a daily basis with their interpretation of scripture as an excuse , rationalization , justification and glorification all in one ? 
  i do n't follow your reasoning . 
  in one comment you say the religious stuff is to validate it amongst themselves , then now you 're saying there 's a direct main cause of western intervention and religious radicalisation . 
  what is it ? 
   committing atrocities out of pure devotion to the divine is such an alien concept to me . . for * you * ... 
  the notion that largely irreligious europeans do n't understand religious fundamentalist motivations does n't mean it is n't so . 
  intellectual contortions to fit their grievances into a mould that is recognizable for us europeans is an odd form of ethno-centrism . 
  '' * we * ca n't understand this , so it mus n't be so . '', 
  shmuel had always been the class clown . 
  for someone who is claiming religion does not play a large role , you are making arguments that sound an awful lot like religion plays a large role . 
  if not against us than amongst themselves . 
  frankly , i do n't even know which one is worse or scarier , or whether it even makes a practical difference . 
  does it matter whether they are extremist to be mad at us or extremist to look good for their mates ? 
  i 'm not saying this sun cock-up was inciting violence ( it was n't ) , i said that as a reply to your assertion that they have a right to publish * whatever * they want . 
   i 'm saying they have a right to freely publish whatever they want . 
  just like anyone and anything else , they are forbidden to incite hatred or violence . 
  and as long as a self-proclaimed * news * outlet is publishing an article that they claim is factual reporting , they need to stick to facts and if not , they should get slapped on the wrist , just like a fishmongers who claims to sell haddock when it 's actually pollack .
