  propaganda  lives and welfare of your people c'mon , russia ... kick this motherfucking cunt out already ... 
  ca n't really comment on his performance as a mod , though many people seem to have something against him , but his consistent two-language posts are indeed kind of annoying . 
  his obsession with the french language literally turns him into a stereotypical frog that other europeans like to joke about . 
  i love how you as a canadian seem to know perfectly well what europeans are not allowed to be a angry or worried about . 
  then again , the quebec flair solves the mystery of where that arrogance came from ... 
  yes , his mother abdicated a year or so ago . 
  working on the alcoholism part . 
  i 'm not much of a gambling man , though . 
  then again , i suppose that does n't matter when i own the casino . 
  well , you 're frisian for [ an extinct bird ] ( https://d3n8a8pro7vhmx.cloudfront.net/lostbirdproject/pages/54/attachments/original/1364578863/image_great_auk01.jpg?1364578863 ) now . 
  how did you come by your nickname as a frenchie ? 
  grutte alk is the name of a bird species in frisian = /, 
  [ bitterballen of course ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2076/5759463120_0be07729fa_b.jpg ) deep fried balls with piping hot meaty ragout inside . 
  the ultimate drinking snack !, 
  dude , they hate everything that is n't exactly like them . 
  as evidenced by isis ' actions , they do n't nearly hate us westerners as much as they hate many of their fellow muslims . 
  anyone who they consider an infidel or apostate is free to be killed . 
  and they 're very loosey-goosey with those definitions . 
  so kind of like irish nirwana ? 
  certainly there 's guinness involved , right ? 
  the slaughtering happened just as much before and after the ` dark ages ' . 
  that does not set them apart . 
  the only valid reason we can call them ` the dark ages ' is because we do n't have a lot of source material left from those days . 
  so our knowledge of those times is a little bit ` in the dark ' . 
  it had fuck all to do with the particular circumstances of ` the dark ages ' . 
  those were n't particularly dark . 
  the little to no innovations is n't even true . 
  hmm . 
  we 'll allow it . 
  for now . 
  maybe you could teach my people how to queue like civilized men . 
  there 's a reason why there is a distinction between forms of indentured servitude and outright slavery . 
  that some modern organization somewhat redefined the various forms of slavery does not erase the important historical distinction between forms . 
  if each and any form of forced labour is ` slavery ' , then conscription is slavery as well . 
  social service as a result of rehabilitation after prison ? 
  slavery . 
  seems an odd and very broad definition . 
   thanks !, 
  my dutch is just good enough to get most of that  * looks at your flair * you better not be an infiltrating walloon !, 
  slaves were a possession . 
  inmates are not possessions . 
  you need to read up on * your * slavery . 
   dark ages lasted millenium , you know ? 
  where 'd you get this nonsense ? 
  western empire fell around 450-470 , that would make your dark ages run roughly from 500 to 1500 . 
  that 's not the dark age , that 's the medieval age . 
  the whole notion of ` dark age ' is incredibly exxagerated anyway . 
  it was n't that dark . 
  arbitrator or arbiter , my finnish comrade . 
  * soars off into the sky *, 
  i meant at least deleting all the nazi insults from the other guy . 
   look at it this way : out of hundreds of thousands of culturally repressed teenagers living under the thumb of their parents , can you not imagine dozens doing incredibly stupid things ? 
   absolutely . 
  what i can not imagine is those teenagers then joining an organisation that embodies that repression in the extreme . 
  that seems very odd to me . 
  one would think that joining isis stems much more from a sense of islamic fundamentalism , hatred for the west , hatred for jews possibly . 
  not from their own oppressive parents . 
  what did these kids think isis will be like ? 
  something to be said for that line of thought . 
  of course , 15 year olds are not fully developed adults with plenty of life experience , but they are not mewling infants either . 
  they have brains . 
  they can think . 
  they can make moral and ethical decisions . 
  the problem with your argument is , if we accept the notion that these kids really thought joining al qaeda/isis was such a brilliant idea , how in the fucking hell did they get to have such ideas ? 
  i 'm really wondering about the community these people grow up in then . 
  if you see a white 14 yr old skinhead yelling that all jews should be gassed , are we not asking the same questions about his circumstances , family and community ? 
  well , they quickly corrected that ... ` oversight ' shall we say . 
  still odd i have to complain about it twice before it happens . 
  i love how my initial post gets deleted , but the catalan guy who keeps calling me a nazi does n't get his shit deleted . 
  wtf , mods ? 
  i suppose it 's either : a. ), 
  they have not heard anything bad about isis b. ), 
  they do not believe the bad things they 've heard about isis c. ) they do not think the bad things isis do are bad things at all options a and b seem nearly inconceivable , given the proliferation of isis news and the fact that isis is not particularly squeamish about setting caged people on fire , videotaping it and releasing it with triumphant blares on the internet , respectively . 
  option c present us with an ideological clusterfuck in 15-yr olds that has no easy answer . 
  this is getting very tiring . 
  do you have any actual arguments apart from throwing out one-liner insults about how i 'm a nazi robot ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i never knew nazi ideology dealt so much with the issue of 15 year olds running away to isis . 
  can you tell me more about hitler 's thoughts on isis ? 
  this is fascinating stuff . 
  ca n't even tell if trolling or really just that stupid ... 
  i have n't written much in this thread and you 're adamant that i 'm a nazi , so how come it 's taking you so long to point out what exactly was so nazi ??? 
  or do you just like calling people nazis when you do n't agree with them ? 
  what exactly did i say that is national-socialistic then ? 
  nice unfounded godwin . 
  being a dumb teenager is one thing , joining isis is another entirely . 
  15 year olds are n't literally retarded . 
  maybe not fully grown adults , but they 're supposed to have some idea of right and wrong . 
  joining isis goes way beyond ` the dumb shit that kids do ' . 
  the other alternative is that she truly is ignorant as to what isis stands for , but in that case i would argue that that is a scathing indictment against the culture she grew up in , and grain on the mill for all the right-wing ` multi-culti is the doom of europe ' types . 
  15 year old making mistakes generally do not involve joining genocidal organisations who are eager to practice sexual slavery on girls just like you . 
  normal 15 year olds get drunk and sick , or they vandalize something and get arrested , or maybe they steal dad 's car and hit a traffic sign . 
  possibly sell some weed or cough syrup at school . 
  joining isis is n't ` just a 15 yr old making a mistake ' . 
  it 's joining isis . 
  it 's no surprise by now what isis stands for and what they do . 
  the videos from eastern europe obviously showed that you can not be as gay as you want in the capital . 
  i 'm not quite certain how you managed to miss that bit . 
  i 'm sure enacting laws against ` gay propaganda ' has nooothing to do with societal perception of homosexuality , right ? 
  putin 's russia is being consciously antagonized against homosexuals .
