  the radicalisation of white men . 
  50k tweets celebrating a muslim terrorist would have half the redditors suffering an aneurysm and posting about the downfall of europe . 
  then do n't just shrug at this shit either . 
  abrahamic religions incorporated a good deal of tribal and old school ` honour culture ' . 
  that said , this man most likely did n't drag his wife behind the car because of islam or religious ideology . 
  there 's plenty wrong with islam already , we do n't need to add hardly related things to the mix . 
  this type of fucked up tribal honour existed long before islam and its most egregious excesses are hardly ever combined with ideological underpinnings . 
  this man did what he did because he is , in a pure nail-definition sense , ** uncivilized ** . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  tribal culture , someone already answered it . 
  ah yes , i actually forgot about that . 
  the ` ca n't be seen as weak ' tribal mentality . 
  the wacko that tried to hack a man to death a while ago ( germany ? 
  because the dude happened to glance at his wife 's thigh fell into the same category . 
  spousal abuse is an abhorrent problem present in all cultures , but what is it with so many middle-eastern/near asian cultures that have to make it as horrific and torturous as possible ? 
  shit like stoning , acid-in-the-face , and now we have * dragging her behind a car in a noose * ? 
  what the actual goddamn hell ? 
  sick fuck . 
  ca n't he just stab or shoot his wife like a ` normal ' person ? 
  and that 's only half sarcastic . 
  so after 15 years of welfare-queening off his mep salary whilst doing fuck all to actually properly represent the uk in the ep , he 's now going to stuff his pockets with a fox paycheck after his decade long temper tantrum paid off ? 
  what a man of the people . 
  could you put a vertigo trigger warning on pictures such as that in the future ? 
  bah gawd , damn near had an aneurysm, 
  it takes time before foreigners understand the subtle nuances of danish social life , such as puking in a lampshade . 
  i 'm going to be skeptical when an area where there are relatively little foreigners feels there are too many foreigners , whilst areas that have many foreigners are less likely to express that sentiment . 
  that smells like fear of the unknown to me . 
  and a shitty position to cast judgement from . 
  literally tears in my eyes right now . 
  when he pulls the lampshade off ... omg . 
  my sides , they art in heaven, 
   saxons are the most likely to say that there are `` too many foreigners in germany '' despite there being almost no foreigners in that state . 
  that 's so infuriatingly typical ... 
  ofc , it was a ` false flag ' to them the moment the news broke that the perpetrator was a pearly white ethnic briton . 
  more than half a dozen republican-led congressional hearings and eventually they found no evidence of specific , culpable wrongdoing . 
  either the repubs were hilariously inept or you 're searching for things that are simply not there . 
  pick one . 
  also known as a ` mozzarella pizza ' in their child sacrificing circles . 
  i heard it from the same people who figured out that sandy hook was a false flag , so you know it 's true !, 
  i heard hillary personally beat seth to death with a 15-month forcefully aborted fetus that she got from saudi-arabia . 
  that ... makes sense actually . 
  lmao , the seth rich theory . 
  full infowars . 
  interesting . 
  we had a similar chart on here not long ago and it showed nl vehemently against the idea of an eu army . 
  more in line with the results shown here for uk and the nordic countries . 
  i googled it immediately . 
  some kind of seeds prolly used for chewing ?? 
  like sunflower seeds ? 
  [ i got you , dawg ] ( http://boskalis.com/ ), 
   it 's actually somewhat-uncommon for one party to have the presidency , house , and senate all at once , so this is a rare opportunity for the republican party to push through all the policies they can manage to get through before the normal state of gridlock likely returns in two or four years . 
  you 're all gon na be kansas now , 
  we 'd happily make that a eu-project . 
   the transparency that wikileaks gave us showed that clinton and her court were the bigger fascistoids . 
  are you trumplets still doing this ? 
  you want to post a robert byrd picture as well whilst you 're at it ? 
  maybe something about the clinton foundation keeping 90 % of ` the money ' ? 
  clinton kill list ? 
  nothing from the alt-reich bubble ? 
  low energy . 
  sad :(, 
  seen em in the supermarkets . 
  i was pretty much instantly appalled at the idea . 
  and i do n't have anything against frozen pizzis , but this pizzaburger idea ... no . 
  just no . 
  if i say : `` bananas are blue !, 
  '' , that 's not an opinion . 
  that 's just being wrong . 
  you do n't have to respect that ` opinion ' . 
  i 'm not entitled to people hearing me out with my dumbass `` bananas are blue '' statement . 
  you do n't get to say blatantly untrue things only to hide behind ` it 's just an opinion , you should respect it ' . 
  stating untruths is not an opinion and it does n't deserve respect . 
  no one is going to bring traditional rust belt jobs back . 
  no one . 
  because it 's impossible . 
  you may as well argue to bring back stokers on ships . 
  it 's more of the false equivalency bullshit that has been pushed so incessantly recently . 
  `` for fairness ' sake , let 's consider the alternative perspective '' . 
  no , the alternative perspective here is just flat-out wrong . 
  they 're saying bananas are blue . 
  bananas are n't blue . 
  it 's not about ` not seeing things how the other side sees them ' , come the fuck on now . 
  those rust belt jobs are gone . 
  this is a simple fact . 
  they 're not coming back . 
  trump can say he 's going to bring them back , this is essentially not possible . 
  anyone who believes it , is a rube . 
  the notion that these people have genuine economic worries is almost irrelevant within this specific context . 
  it 's not about acknowledging their economic status , it 's about selling them snake oil and succeeding at it as well . 
  people who buy snake oil are fucking idiots . 
  that 's not a difference of opinion . 
  and these people have been told time and time again : `` hey , that 's not going to work , because such and such and such '' . 
  then they do n't believe it and buy more snake oil . 
  i 'll happily repeat : those people are idiots . 
  i do n't care if saying that hurts their fee-fees . 
  maybe they need to educate themselves on some of the most basic facts around if they do n't want to be called out on their hilariously ignorant decisions that will ultimately backfire on them , * despite being warned many times that it would happen * . 
   why are these folks gullible ? 
  oh come on . 
  anyone over there thinking trump is going to ` bring back their jobs ' is a moron . 
  sorry to say it like it is .
