  weighing in their palms these loaves that are similar to asphalt in both colour and density , red army soldiers grin and say : ` well , brother , that 's real bread ! ', 
  '' vasily grossman - [ a writer at war ] ( https://books.google.nl/books?id=fj58tohg2qcc&amp;lpg=pa38&amp;ots=ca0n6sxvxb&amp;dq=vasily%20grossman%20german%20bread&amp;pg=pa30#v=onepage&amp;q=vasily%20grossman%20german%20bread&amp;f=false ) , p30 ( 58 actually in my copy , but who 's counting ? ), 
  and herring . 
  gandhi is a terrorist now ? 
  and the fortuyn murder . 
  that was pure politically motivated terrorism too imo . 
  this aggressive german fluvialism needs to be stopped !, 
  embargo turkey ? 
  no sane person would have anything against kabob . 
  even if one thinks we should deport all mooslims , at least keep the food . 
  i do n't play cs ( last time was ... gosh ... 12 yrs ago ? ), 
  but i 've got plenty of ` social ' multiplayer experience in other games to immediately recognize what you 're saying . 
  no one likes the sociopath maniacs . 
  act a dick , get treated like a dick . 
  and those hours are indeed laughable to paint it as ` obsessed ' . 
  i 've accumulated ( many ) more hours in various games and from somewhat knowing the activity bellcurves on those games , i was a long way away from obsessed , excessive , fanatical , etc etc. 
  it 's unfortunately like so many other things in politics : the people who know the least about a subject yell the loudest about it . 
   there are no innocent or deceived among 'em . 
  i have n't followed this whole situation enough to strongly dispute that , but it does seem quite a bit of a generalization . 
  i 'm usually heavily against the standard pro-gun arguments , but to blame this on gun laws is utterly retarded . 
  the kid apparently went out of his way to obtain an illegal weapon by the shadiest possible means , and they 're going ` ooh , we need tighter gun laws ' ? 
  come the fuck on . 
  if this was an 18yr old with a history of mental issues who purchased a legal weapon , then you can complain about gun laws . 
  not now . 
  at least it 's fair to individual athletes who wanted nothing to do with it . 
  i do think the russian atheletics federation or sports ministry or whichever bigwig organisation did this should be severely punished , but not at the cost of individual athletes who were not on board with the whole mess . 
  it 's also definitely true that doping is a larger problem ; although large scale organised doping by an official organisation is ( i think , it 's not as if i follow athletics that closely ) somewhat unique in modern times . 
  well , the supposed attack took place inside of or very close to a kebab shop . 
  if i see a dude running out of a kebab shop with a huge cleaver i 'd be more inclined to get involved than if i see a tommy tactical dude wearing an isis flag . 
  in the latter case i would have a serious amount of assumptions regarding the seriousness of the already serious situation . 
  in the former , it 's prolly a kebab guy and if he 's whacking away at a pregnant woman and im surrounded by one and a half ton of steel ... eeeh ... i do n't think taking that risk is particularly brave . 
  then again , this is said from behind a keyboard , with a cold amstel ( not my first choice , do n't judge ) and a nice spliff at hand . 
  who knows what i would do for realsies ? 
  maybe soil myself . 
  it was something stupid about a thigh or inner leg that made me remember it . 
  whether the leg thing was the real motivation i dunno , but it sparked a discussion about ` honour culture ' and how its concept differs from one general culture to the other . 
  it was a good fucking read that actually made me realize a thing or two , specifically about ` tribal culture ' and how that ties in with lawlessness . 
  may i turn that around on you ? 
  why would i assume a dude doing the hacky with a machete would have a gun as well in the first place ? 
  i 'm fairly certain ( now that i 'm trying my darndest to remember ) that it was a post , not an article . 
  it was in a thread relating to a recent knife attack in ... germany ( ? ) . 
  the story about the immigrant dude who went ballistic because someone showed his inner thigh to his wife or some inane bullshit like that . 
  you remember any details on that maybe ? 
  vacban is cheating-ban , right ? 
  actually i can probably google this . 
  so for the benefit of anyone else who read the above comment and thinks ` vacwhat ? 
  ' : oh yes . 
  vac = valve anti cheating system . 
  valve being the developer of the game . 
  so a `` vacban '' basically means the system detected you cheating at an online game . 
  who cheats at online games ? 
  selfish , narcissistic pricks , that 's who . 
  copy that . 
  as a semi-militant atheist , nothing annoys me more than having to defend islam against real , unadulterated bigots . 
  some people will blame islam for jihading against stairs if a muslim happens to tumble down some . 
  hitler 's molecular ashes have just achieved terminal rotational velocity . 
  if only we could tap its power !, 
  absolutely true and i did not for a moment intend to imply that it could n't be the case , but i have seen the `` trauma '' argument thrown around quite a lot the last few months , to the extent where i think `` well now , wait a minute '' . 
  get the fuck out of here with that bullshit image , son . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/4u8c3o/how_accurate_is_this_image_about_the_crusades_and/ actual historians damn near suffer an aneurysm when confronted with that picture . 
  there was an excellent article or post about this ( and ` honour culture ' ) a few days back that went into this . 
  i should 've saved it . 
  but i did n't . 
  hardly demands bravery tbh . 
  if you 're in a ( working ) car , there is very little a dude with a cleaver can do to you . 
  firearms , totally different story . 
  but a stabby weapon ? 
  hell yeah , go carmageddon on his ass . 
  we 're still here !, 
  whilst i am very loathe to ascribe every misdoing of a muslim to islam or their culture or whatnot , i do think we should be * very * careful by throwing mental trauma/ptsd in the fray as an explanation for some of the fucked up shit we 're seeing . 
  now , i 'm most definitely not a mental health expert and my understanding of ptsd is limited at best , but what i do understand about it is that having ptsd does n't suddenly make people go postal . 
  chopping someone up with a machete and then going `` oh , but i 'm traumatized you see ? '', 
  does n't really fly . 
  someone took a bite out of spain . 
  maybe the same someone who is stealing poor corsica 's food . 
  soo ... you dip your kebab in yoghurt or something ? 
  actually , that sounds pretty good . 
  too valuable to burn :p, 
  so iranian = automatic muslim . 
  you ignorant bigot . 
  you will do anything to make things suit your narrative . 
  waiting for your facts still . 
  found the pandemic player :p, 
  okay , which facts relate this to islam then ? 
  i 'm pushing an agenda for no relation to islam because no actual facts have surfaced that this is related to islam ? 
  you are deluded . 
  would he have been able to acquire a firearm through legal means if he has a history of mental illness though ? 
  go back to your hatesubs . 
   the attacker was a muslim says who ? 
  let 's not outlaw murder and rape either , because really determined psychos will find a way to murder and rape anyway . 
  get out of here with your dumbass arguments . 
  but for him to actively consider other people , that he does n't even know , as ` infidels ' does suggest a very strong religious aspect , which seems quite unlikely from what we know now . 
  could it be a contributing factor ? 
  sure , possible . 
  we 'll have to wait and find out . 
  but that 's not what you are doing , is it ? 
  waiting and finding out . 
  no , you 're going around pushing the islamic angle in nearly every single post you make on this . 
  you 're not ` keeping options open ' or something , you 're just hardcore pushing your agenda , trying to shoehorn this shooter into your pre-conceived notions . 
  your post history proves all this beyond a shadow of a doubt .
