  i feel he could 've been a good stand-up in a different life , y' know ? 
  i 'm not gon na continue this ` debate ' because words do n't mean anything to you . 
  you 'll hear whatever you want to hear . 
  it 's pointless , utterly pointless , to discuss . 
  bye , tovarish . 
  say hello to papa putin for me . 
  as i suspected , words do n't mean anything anymore . 
  standard political response to foreign intervention = killary wants war with russia twilight zone, 
  of course , you 'd rather have the one who cuddles up to your dictator . 
  a weak us is good for russia . 
  not that clinton actually * threatened * russia with war , but you 're on the trump train so i realize words do n't actually mean anything to you , so whatever . 
  the only safeguards that work against fact-free politics is an informed and well-educated electorate . 
  if 60 % of the population decides that facts are irrelevant and words do n't mean anything anymore , it 's over . 
  we 're seeing what 's happening in the states , where three decades of the right-wing outrage media , such as the despicable limbaugh , has now finally culminated in a very large group of people that thinks obama is a kenyan muslim and a military excercise in texas is the sign that ` the feds are coming to take over ' . 
  `` schurk '' , i hear you say , `` i get your point , but surely you jest with that last thing ? '', 
  [ nope . 
  watch and weep , my friend ] ( https://youtu.be/vyjryiorhve?t=19m16s ) ( watch that entire speech if you have time btw , no-fucks-given obama is an * amazing * thing ), 
  where are you from ? 
  i was ... being half sarcastic . 
   clearly do you * really * think that ? 
  most hardcore assange supporters i 've come across are n't huge fans of women 's rights . 
  oh sure , they 'll scream loudest about it when islam is the topic , but then they 'll happily go back to redpill to debate if ` consent ' is even a real thing . 
  i guess julian himself also had some interesting views about ` consent ' . 
  why not ? 
  do you think the swedish courts will deliberately falsely convict him ? 
  wikileaks is making a fucking circus spectacle out of any clinton leak , but despite having dirt on trump as well , that lid stays on apparently . 
  they are fucking [ selling t-shirts making fun of bill clinton ] ( https://twitter.com/wikileaksshop/status/786618818919411712 ) no one sane in the membrane can claim that wikileaks does not have a * clear and obvious * bias in this . 
  i can not say the reality reflects what your local media seem 's to be feeding you ... 
  shrugs . '', 
  `` i appreciate your attempts at engaging/antagonising me however all you seem to be interested in is personal assaults and general trolling '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cognitive_dissonance, 
  have you tried the risotto though ? 
  you just went full donald ... never go full donald . 
  also , a russian on the clinton-media hate train ? 
  may i find that utterly hilarious ? 
  for all the shilling accusations and whining about ctr and ` da msm ' , the anti-clinton camp has a lot of significantly more dubious elements ... why do you like trump so much , tovarish ? 
  is good for putin , da ? 
   oh hey , and prep 's on the big words there bud !, 
  clearly so much ` enlightened ' , shame you do n't really have much to offer apart from you 're big words ... that 's * literally * your previous comment that i replied to , you delightful hypocrite . 
  you specifically . 
  insightful contribution you 've made there , skippy . 
  would you care to explain why or are you content with takng a contrarian dump with some ad hominem juice and leave it at that ? 
  fact free politics pushed to an extreme will ultimately rsult in the death of democracy , im convinced of that, 
  so why did you vote brexit ? 
  edit : lmao , downvotes for a simple question . 
  true , it does , but the 76mm oto pop gun and some additional small caliber will undoubtedly be sufficient for its role . 
  it 's obviously not meant to go to war , but i think it does ( barely ) qualify as a warship . 
  omg hahahahahaha, 
  was that decision influenced by the difficulty of pronouncing such names within the context of maritime communications ? 
  i can imagine plenty of non-irish struggling with some of those names . 
  i give up . 
  you 're literally not understanding the basic points that i 'm outlining as clearly as i can , in favour of a conscious strawman or just inability to read properly . 
  do stop by at r/shitwehraboossay though . 
  the kill count ` conclusion ' especially will be well received . 
  i dunno , man , i highly doubt that there was anything technologically valuable in those a3 's for turkey in 1947 . 
  having a bunch of old aircraft wo n't necessarily teach you much in the way of setting up an aviation industry and , perhaps even more important , a high quality aviation engine industry domestically , which is actually considerably more difficult than the aircraft stuff , and relies on other industries a lot more . 
  now there might be other ways in which the us constrained turkey 's aspirations at this point , but burying some 5 year old aircaft with severely outdated tech does n't seem like that much of a big factor to me . 
  that 's a fair position . 
  we 'll have to wait and see . 
  designed for = / = used for . 
  the 190 did all kinds of jobs as well , with the f versions being a dedicated ground attacker . 
  sometimes it turns out a platform can be used for other things . 
  who woulda thunk ?!, 
   i told you that i 'm not claiming the allies looked up in the sky and lost their minds and went on to design some fw190 knock-off you ... sort of did . 
   but the fw190 was the . 
  first . 
  in the sky . 
  from its category . 
  a dedicated boom and zoomer . 
  no , it was n't , the p-38 was earlier . 
  you ca n't use the argument that the p-38 performed all kinds of different roles because the 190 is exactly the same in that regard ...  whatever the allied thought up to that date , it changed when the fw190 was in the sky , diving down on the allies . 
  this is exactly you saying that the allies somehow did n't understand this new direction of air combat until they were confronted with the 190 in practice . 
  that 's a laughable position flying into the face of all known facts . 
  i mean , ffs , just this simple argument already destroys it : they stuck a better engine in the spitfire . 
  solved the 190 problem . 
  parity restored . 
   supporting my theory and rejecting your excuses is that the p-47 won the eto air war no , it did n't . 
  what broke the luftwaffe 's back was the decision in 1944 to ` cut the usaaf fighters loose ' , which allowed them to roam and engage in aggressive oca operations such as fighter sweeps . 
  the p-47 just happened to be there for that , with the p-51 's , well into service by then , being used for the escort role they excelled in . 
   yeah , we get it , you love the lightning . 
  i have no particular like or dislike for the p-38 , i 'm just using it as a clear example to discredit your notion that the 190 inspired the allies , as both the 190 and the p-38 were designed as an air superiority fighter ( arguably , the p-38 more so than the 190 , which had its roots in a program to supplant * all * luftwaffe fighters with the 190 ) , both were heavy ( relatively heavy in case of the 190 , a massive beast in case of the 38 ) , both emphasized speed to a significant degree in their design . 
  and the p-38 was earlier . 
  that alone demonstrates that the thinking behind the 190 was ** not ** new or alien to the allies * at all * . 
   claiming that just because it was there , or just because the typhoon was built , it proves that allies were on par with the luftwaffe prior to 1943 , it 's just wrong . 
  well , it 's a good thing that i 'm not claiming that at all then . 
  the western allies * were * pretty much par with the luftwaffe throughout the entire war , though . 
  both sides had periods of advantage and disadvantage , but to suggest the luftwaffe was somehow superior prior to 1943 is some more wehrabooism of a high quality grade . 
  i think i 'll have to make that thread in sws after all ... 
   the oscar wilde !, 
  most flamboyant vessel confirmed !, 
  who 's the sexy garda ? 
  eh , it 's got proper armament and it 's operated by your navy . 
  small warships count too !, 
  also , at 2200 + tonnes , it 's a decent size . 
  the irish name their warships after writers , that 's quite funky . 
  there seems to be a paper trail verifying this case to some decent extent though . 
  obviously , we 'll have to wait until they start digging , then we can see what 's what . 
  but compared to the burma spits , which really was the brainchild of one dude apparently , i 'm easily willing to give these focke-kebabs a lot more credence . 
  to be fair , a few dozen forgotten warbirds seems a helluva lot more plausible than the gold train . 
  how so ?? 
  a3 's were a solid 4 to 5 years old by the time 1947 rolled around , never mind the massive leap that aerial warfare tech took during the war .
