  good . 
  people who committed such crimes in the past should not be let off the hook because they 're old and frail now . 
  aah , ty , that makes sense . 
  `` is it possible to be a pro-european eurosceptic ? 
  i hope so , because that is what i am . '', 
  i would put myself in this category as well . 
  i am still pro united europe , technically pro-eu ( as a concept ) , but it 's undeniable that many pro-eu people have been disappointed in the project . 
  many things that should 've been improved , have n't . 
  many things they enacted turned out to be for the worst . 
  not saying it has n't done anything positive either , but goddamn can the eu use some improvement ... 
  absolutely , but it 's not as if it 's impossible . 
  the father of an old high-school buddy had quite a few cool toys that would n't be out of place in an american 's firearms collection . 
   they were complacent in enabling the holocaust excuse me ? 
  i 'm not one to quickly jump to the defense of my country , but your comment manages to rub even me the wrong way . 
  what the hell is with the spike in 2009 ? 
  it 's both , of course . 
  a secular arab can still hate jews just fine because of a cultural/political grievance narrative . 
  boh , afaik every european country does allow its citizens to have firearms . 
  you just have to jump through more hoops and there 's a lot more bureaucracy and permits involved . 
  but they 're not absolutely prohibited . 
  even in my own , oh-so liberal and euro-socialist , country , it 's not * that * hard to be a firearm owner . 
   sure there is . 
   for the same reason even obama pursued the strategy of sending weapons and ammunition to groups he wanted to overthrow governments abroad . 
  i meant the us gov. 
  and us citizens specifically in this context !, 
  which makes a fair bit of difference , i 'm sure you 'll agree . 
  regarding an armed populace standing up against a foreign invasion force , sure , that concept is absolutely solid , in general . 
  yet i think that if a foreign force is powerful , and crazy/confident enough , to take on the us military ( and friends ) * and * invade the us mainland ... well , i think any form of ` political loss ' is a ship that has long since sailed . 
  it 'll be absolute , all-out , total war at that point , and i really do wonder how ordinary american citizens think they 're going to stand up against a force that not only managed to challenge or even defeat the us military , yet also does not give much of a fuck about losses . 
  i mean , if a force is ready to go to war with the us military and invade the us mainland , suffering millions of traditional military losses doing so , i find it highly unlikely they 're suddenly going to be deterred by losses to and difficulties from an armed populace . 
  if the combined might of the us military apparatus is n't enough to beat the fight out of any foreign force , i really doubt red-blooded americans with naught but ar-15s and ieds will . 
  we should really stop going so off-topic probably , but it 's a subject that interests me , because i feel i 'm sort of in the middle regarding the whole gun debate , esp in the us context . 
  literally my only beef is the near-fetishization of the 2nd amendment in the current day and age , when there are so many ` normal ' and perfectly rational ` day-to-day ' arguments to own firearms , i honestly kind of feel that from an intellectual pov , firearms proponents are doing themselves a bit of disservice by hammering on government tyranny and invading foreign armies . 
  it makes them look like the type of paranoid survivalists like those dumbass ranchers , instead of level-headed firearm enthusiasts . 
  let 's kick the ballistics here , at face value , who would you regard as the more balanced and rational person ? 
  the american that has guns because he likes to hunt and shoot , or the american that has guns because he fears the government and invading chinese ? 
  / savagely off-topic, 
  fresh coat of paint on that eagle too , damn . 
  i think the 2nd amendment made great sense back in 1791 , when it was added , considering the recent american history and how the world , nation-states , armies , worked back then . 
  anno 2016 i think being part of an informed and educated electorate is a thousandfold better guarantee against government tyranny than having a bunch of guns . 
  times change , after all . 
  it does n't mean banning fully automatic assault rifles is a sensible policy ; it is n't . 
  it 's symbolic feel-good politics , not rooted in reality . 
  there are plenty of reasons to own guns : collecting , sport shooting , hunting . 
  even self-defense if you live in a shit ass community . 
  all perfect , legitimate reasons to own firearms and apart from sensible legislation and proper enforcement , there 's no reason for the government to curtail and fear civilian firearms . 
  at all . 
  yet the notion that americans somehow * need * their guns to stave off government tyranny , in * this * day and age , honestly that makes me laugh . 
  but i suppose that 's all very off-topic . 
  i absolutely agree that gun control does fuck-all to stop terrorists , but surely you 're not suggesting civilian guns stop terrorism ? 
  you seem way too levelheaded for that nra shit . 
  i thought they 'd be referring to the patrol zones nato assigned itself in the north sea and baltics , in which case the ruski 's would be a 100 % correct ; that 's international airspace . 
  but if it comes to the * actual sovereign * air space of an individual country , calling it `` nato airspace '' collectively is not such a weird thing to use . 
  it falls completely in line with nato 's `` you fuck with one of us , you fuck with all of us '' basis of thought . 
  so yeah , i suppose in the utmost technical case , they 're right , but practically , it 's an irrelevant statement only embraced by pedantics who like semantics . 
  hue hue, 
  technically speaking , ba'athism is indeed secular . 
  and in the case of hussein 's iraq , it is true that religion did not play a big part at all as far as the state was concerned . 
  however , hussein 's ba'athists were very definitely a sunni minority ruling over a shia majority . 
  the in-group , out-group thinking * within * islam is strong as well . 
  whilst it would be patently untrue to claim that all of iraq 's ba'athists that joined daesh are hardline islamists , since daesh itself is not a homogeneous group either , it 's not * that weird * that iraqi ba'athists sought to ally themselves with daesh . 
  they do share similar traits and they were of mutual benefit to each other . 
  plus , we do n't really know the actual religious motivations of ex-ba ` athist individuals who have now joined daesh . 
  many probably are simply opportunists , but it 's not at all inconceivable that there are religious hardliners amongst them , who saw daesh as more than just an opportunity to retain some measure of power and standing by swaying with the prevailing winds . 
  from what i 've been understanding reading accounts of former ex-radicals such as maajid nawaz and ibn warraq , that last bit you wrote is definitely true . 
  it 's funny how you deem to speak for 300 million americans ... 
  your narrative does not hold up in the slightest . 
  was the abu ghraib situation one where the american government bandied it around , holding it up as an ideological high point and that 's this is what they stand for ? 
  you 're saying `` ooh but daesh is mad at the west ! '', 
  and when i point out that the * vast * majority of absolute terror that daesh commits is done to people that have fuck-all to do with the us , you 're going `` ooh but they 're just fucked up people '' . 
  what a hilarious cop-out . 
  i suggest * you * do some extra reading regarding the ` origin story ' of daesh , and try to not twist it in a way that blames everything on the evil , evil west . 
  the islamic * and * islamist grievance narrative regarding the west has been frozen for quite some time now . 
  to claim daesh was created as retribution against the us , only for daesh to run around and gleefully commit * and brag about * atrocities they commit in their own backyard is patently ridiculous , and i wonder what kind of drugs you are taking to reach such an absurd conclusion . 
  if daesh is retaliation against the evil americans , why exactly is daesh mass-raping yazidi women ? 
  what did the yazidis do to them ? 
  are the yazidis americans ? 
  why did daesh execute two 14yr old iraqi kids for watching a footy game ? 
  what the fuck does any of that have to do with america ? 
  rhetorical question ofc , because the answer is ` absolutely fucking nothing ' . 
  the whole `` daesh was created against the west '' narrative is one of the prime examples of what can really be considered ` regressive leftism ' . 
  the poverty of low expectations seen through an increasingly self-flagellating ethno-centric lense . 
  dude sounds more like a pretty conflicted pedo with possible mental issues . 
  did not deny the crime , even admitted that he knows it 's wrong everywhere . 
  whilst it is definitely true that an identity crisis is part of the radicalization process , the notion that radicalised people are `` at the bottom of the ( their new ) society '' has been debunked a fair amount of times now , i believe . 
  many radicals and terrorists were well educated or in the process of attending higher education , they did not have dismal prospects in life and they certainly were n't at the bottom of society in such a blanket term context . 
  radicalisation is not something that only happens to poor , ignorant minorities that are doomed to live a life of menial labour . 
  far from it . 
  `` the tape '' ( season 3 ) . 
  elaine 's sexy-voice answering-machine prank in this episode is mildly humorous , but the collective horndog mentality displayed by jerry , george , and kramer runs contrary to the show 's established platonic-frenemy dynamic '' that 's exactly why that was so funny !, 
  these vulture.com motherfuckers are stupido !, 
  well , let 's not forget the geographic and strategical situation here . 
  russia is in the position to be able to simulate attacks on major ` enemy ' cities and targets because of those targets ' proximity to easily reached international waters . 
  it 's a fairly short-range , short time span , consequence free run for them . 
  this makes it an easy and attractive way to excercise/posture/threaten . 
  and it 's not as if nato does n't hold wargames with non-nato affiliates in the north either . 
  we 're all so much up in arms over this simulated nuclear ( supposedly ) strike with aircraft , but is anyone wondering how many times the past decade the us and russia have simulated shooting submarine carried ballistic missiles at each other and other global targets ? 
  i 'll stake my right foot on it that this little simulated aircraft strike absolutely pales in comparison . 
  but it 's an easy thing to claim ( nuclear capable aircraft + close proximity ? 
  must be a nuclear strike sim ! ),
