  too far fetched . 
  erdogan is n't an idiot . 
  he 's a skilled politician . 
  he knows risk-reward . 
  i 'm not getting into false flag nonsense until there 's some serious evidence or indications of that being the case ; speculation does n't cut it for me . 
  i could explain it myself after having recently wrestled through evans ' trilogy , but copy pasting this askhistorians answer is more reliable and definitely lazier :p `` the answer to this question , in the sense of if hitler gained power democratically , is no . 
  germany was not a presidential system but a a parliamentary system ( still is ) , so while the position of president was certainly important , the real importance lay in parliamentary elections . 
  in those , the best outcome for the nsdap was in the reichstag elections of july 1932 , where the nsdap had the most mandates with 230 or about 37 % of the vote . 
  this put them on par with the kpd and the spd , which combined gained 229 mandates or about 36 % of the total vote ( 14.6 for the kpd , 21.6 for the spd ) . 
  this meant that hitler could have formed a government but refused to do so because hindenburg would not confirm him as chancellor . 
  in the november 1932 elections , the nsdap fell to 33 % compared to the 36 % of the kpd and spd combined . 
  here , a government involving the nsdap was formed with hitler as chancellor after franz von papen had reassured hindenburg that he could keep him in check . 
  in february 1933 , the reichstag fire happened and all sorts of emergency legislation with the aim of persecuting communists and social democrats was enacted since it did n't require the vote of parliament anymore . 
  even the passage of the reichtag fire decree was undemocratic because the number of seats of the kpd were not counted towards the necessary members of parliament present to enact the law . 
  the elections of march 1933 were not free elections because of intimidation tactics by the nazis and the fact that so many spd and kpd members were imprisoned or otherwise stopped from voting that the total result can not be seen as representative . 
  so , while in this election the nazis had their best outcome yet with 43.9 % of the vote , given the history surrounding this election and the fact that the reichstag fire decree , which formed the basis for the nazi takeover of power did not come to pass through democratic means , hitler 's government can not be called democratically legitimate . 
  as for hitler 's election platform , communism and the economy featured as big themes but not immigration . 
  immigration was rather irrelevant at the time , except maybe in the sense that emigration from germany to somewhere else had become a problem . 
  as for the campaign 's stance on jews , while the subject did feature , especially in connection to communism and international capital , what was made were mostly vague threads of paying them back and so forth rather than any concrete program . '', 
   we could make similar claims about erdogan . 
  nah , it 's not even on the same page . 
  whilst erdogan 's rise to power may have not been 100 % legit , it does n't hold a candle to hitler and the nazis . 
  it 's not that far fetched , really . 
  the shah 's regime was oppressive as hell , creating the possibility for islamists to exploit the people 's anger . 
  whilst the iranian shah was n't exactly on the same page politically as ba'athist dictators , the results and consequences of their regimes are largely the same . 
  the relative failure of arab socialism ( ba'athism ) in countries such as iraq and syria were not insignificant in breeding internal resentment , contributing to the rise to prominence of islamic extremism and jihadism , as sithrak says . 
  the saddam and assad type dictators kept their countries stable through pressure . 
  but when the bubble pops , all that pressure blows out . 
  would be an insane gamble for erdogan to orchestrate a failed coup that cost hundreds of turks their lives . 
  he has a bit more power to gain if it goes well , but * everything * to lose if it goes tits up . 
  and if there 's one thing that authoritarian strongmen like , it 's staying in power . 
  i never see conspiracy theories think about the risk-reward ratio . 
  i do n't disagree with that . 
  what i think is telling that a lot of turks here on reddit , educated , english speaking , pro-secular , were totally not on board with this coup , even if they hate erdogan . 
  buddy of mine said last night : `` sometimes the evil you know is preferable to the one you do n't . '', 
  it 's easy for us to cheer on a secular coup from the comfiness of our chairs 1000km away , but the turkish people have to live with it . 
  then again , they also have to live with erdogan-gone-super-saiyan now . 
  but it 's their choice , not ours . 
   but hitler was also democratically elected . 
  not really . 
  or maybe i should even make that a `` really not '' . 
  i 've thought about this as well and it 's undoubtedly a factor . 
  on the other hand , the opposition parties came out pretty quickly and strongly in denouncing the coup . 
  a lot of turks here on reddit , certainly young , educated and probably quite anti-erdogan/pro-secularism , were * not * feeling this coup at all simply because they have a bad history with coups . 
  not to mention , more instability in their country during a time where they really ca n't use that either . 
  i think we non-turks may be underestimating how much the turkish people dislike coups . 
  there have been plenty of bloodless coups and coup attempts in history . 
  death and destruction are not mandatory . 
  he might not care about casualties , but he will sure as fuck care about the problems he 'd have when it would come to light that he was involved . 
  you do n't have to dislike an action to get burned by the results ... 
  bit risky , though . 
  hundreds died . 
  if erdogan 's involvement somehow leaks , which is far from impossible , that 's a big , juicy carrot for any journalist to start following . 
  when thinking of potential conspiracies , do n't stop thinking after ` who benefits ? 
  ' , but also take risk-reward analysis into account . 
  then think of , if you were a conspirator in this , what the * worst case scenario * would be . 
  then decide if the risk of worst case scenario would be worth the potential benefit of a best case scenario . 
  best case scenario ? 
  erdogan and ak gain even stronger control of the country . 
  but it 's not like they were teetering on the brink of destruction beforehand . 
  worst case scenario ? 
  people find out he was complicit in the chaos that caused hundreds of fellow turks to lose their lives . 
  then they 're done . 
  like done-done . 
  life imprisonment . 
  maybe even death . 
  exile if he 's massively lucky . 
  is that worth it ? 
  well , erdogan and his cronies * are * islamists . 
  certainly not the worst kind , but . . it 's an adequate explanation for his unpopularity in non-religious circles . 
  only tinfoilhatters who ` are just asking questions ' and ` thinking for themselves ' think it was something else than russian-supported rebels . 
  but you go on keep having ` an open mind ' and ` ask your questions ' , lad . 
  then that 's your decision and i wish you all the best getting stuck in retarded conspiracy shit . 
  netherlands pips you by a few % . 
  he ca n't make them disappear , the whole world and turkey itself will be looking forward to the trials . 
  and turkey has no death penalty either ( abolished in 2002 ) . 
  that he does . 
  if it was a bloodless attempt , sure . 
  but this ? 
  too much chaos . 
  too many deaths . 
  should it leak that erdogan had a hand in orchestrating it , thus being partially responsible for those deaths , he 's fuuuucked . 
  and what a story would that be as well , to uncover , to write . 
  when there 's such a juicy carrot on the table , human ambition will follow . 
  the dirtier your supposed involvement is , the more people will be looking for it , and the harder they will look . 
  the risk-reward payoff here seems not in the advantage of the machiavellist . 
  a bit stronger in the saddle for erdogan ... versus being outed as complicit in , and very responsible for , an uprising that killed a dozens of his compatriots . 
  `` never assume malice when stupidity will suffice '', 
  whiter , then add strudel and a stach, 
  considering that the crowds are n't dispersed in very small pieces over 3 square km of ankara suggests the tanks were mostly there for intimidation and bluff . 
  nice find . 
  infowars is that way = = = , 
  you were on the money with the initial comment but you went full retard on this one . 
  maybe wishful thinking , but potential upside could be that this widely denounced coup ties turkish politics a bit closer together ? 
  with even the kurdish opposition party supporting the government , maybe they 'll realize they 're ` in this together ' . 
  here 's hoping !, 
  do n't really know what it was shooting at exactly . 
  it 's all chaos now . 
  go back to alex jones ' website , please . 
  the enlisted and junior officers do n't need to know .
