  i mean , they 're willingly standing with them . 
  the term regressive left popped up a few times in this thread . 
  is n't standing with deplorable people and mental gymnasticking your way out of it exactly the thing that the actual regressive left is ( rightfully ) condemned for ? 
   so fuck everyone who keeps saying ` hurr drr do n't call me names or i 'll vote for trump/right-wing placeholder ' because honestly that just affirms what people are saying about you , too bad you 'll never realize . 
  so much this . 
  `` have you considered that there may be racist , sexist and otherwise bigoted elements in society that you might be , subconsciously , a part of ? '', 
  `` reeeeee do n't call me a racist !, 
  i 'll vote for this insanely incompetent racist now ! '', 
  `` yeah ... that 's not helping your image right now ... '', 
  it might be wise to invest in popcorn stocks around 2018 , because trump has promised his supporters so many things that are flat out unrealistic . 
  bringing those jobs back to the rust belt ? 
  it simply is n't going to happen , unless dippin ' donnie has a timemachine stashed away somewhere . 
  what i 've seen is that white working class voters in the us , whilst legitimately suffering from economic problems ( they 're not alone ) and feeling unrepresented ( welcome to the club ) , are incredibly eager to victimize themselves . 
  that 's in addition to having voted red against their self-interests for decades . 
  then blame it on anti-white working class sentiment . 
  it 's more of the hyperbolic victim bullshit . 
  third way democrats . 
  in the usa , it became the fact of the democratic party with clinton ( bill ) in the very late 80s/early 90s . 
  economically fairly centrist with some progressive social issues . 
  hahahahahahahahahahaha !, 
  hillary campaigned on an anti-white male platform ? 
  where you people * get * this stuff ? 
  you 're also complaining about da evil leftists in other posts . 
  you young right-wingers are the most easily triggered , most readily self-victimizing bunch of people around , i swear to the gods . 
  you 're worse than most muslims with this . 
  uuuuhmm ... considering the trump vote was heavily inspired by `` make america great again '' and anti-globalism and the brexit vote was literally painted as ` taking our country back ' ... how the hell can you deny the obvious nationalist overtones here ? 
  i 've actually read the book where the term is presented and you need to do some more reading because you 're throwing the term around completely incorrectly . 
  but facts do n't matter to people from the feelsfort , so w/e . 
   `` ya 'll sexist , racist , homophobic , white bigots '' but a not insignificant amount of them * are * exactly that . 
  what i find hilarious is how young right-wingers like to complain about political correctness , feels over facts , safe spaces , tolerating intolerance , the whole shebang . 
  yet the moment they need to reflect critically upon their own camp and their own personalities with regards to general bigotry , they throw a massive temper tantrum and retreat to their safe space feelsfort . 
  complaining about islam in very harsh terms is a-okay , because we ca n't tolerance intolerance , facts are important and fuck pc culture , tell it like it is !, 
  but when someone suggests that their own camp is inhabited by a frightening number of racists and sexists , all those previously held-dear principles go , pffft , out of the window and all they do now is complain about the ` intolerant left ' . 
  i mean for fuck 's sake ... 
  ofc not , he just heard a buzzword term , probably in the_feelsfort , and now likes to throw it around willy nilly . 
  it certainly is , and the regressive left is a real thing , but that has n't stopped right-wingers from totally misusing the phrase every time it suits them . 
  supporting staff such as chris christie , newt gingrich and rudy giuliani . 
  oh , and sarah palin cos why not . 
  such competence !, 
  much wow !, 
   am no trump supporter , i certainly did n't vote for him , but if we have learned anything from obama 's second term it should be that the power of the executive is extremely limited if his actions are not supported by congress and constitutional law . 
  house , senate and sc will be red . 
  trump and the republicans will have * full control * over the executive branch . 
  the damage they can do is very real . 
  if you live in the alt-right media bubble , it 's 100 % true though . 
  that 's the scary bit . 
  how do you convince someone of the unexistence of something that they 've come to believe is very real ? 
  it 's not about the e-mails or the raw leaks themselves , and all about how they were framed . 
  you bought it hook , line and sinker . 
  yeah no , you 've dipped deeply into the snuff of clinton-conspiracies and my desire to further interact with you has completely evaporated . 
  this is also what earned you people so much scorn . 
  instead of a valid , rational discussion about transparancy and conflicts of interest , it 's being hyperboled as if she 's worse than mugabe . 
  fuck those e-mails , that shit was disappointing as all hell . 
  all we learned is that politicians politick and that podesta apparently makes a mean risotto . 
  not even close to the nwo shite it was hyped up to be . 
  regardless , nothing of that kind still excuses russia doing what they did over there , as eagerly and as quickly as they did . 
  the us meddled , but do n't pretend as if they created it from scratch . 
  regardless , the us did n't force russia to act militarily . 
  oh god , that 's even worse . 
  you do business in europe , so you are now intimately aware of the evil leftist immigration policies . 
  do n't be so full of yourself . 
  your panicky view of europe is not rooted in reality . 
  go back to texas to maga and take your fearmongering with you . 
  do n't be such a victim . 
  lies . 
  we were just tracking sardines . 
  based cleaning ladies . 
  we 'll stuff nh somewhere close to russia , like a snappy guard goose . 
  there 's no point defending what an american who complains about the evil leftists thinks my stances are . 
  that 's become obvious enough recently . 
  there 's no point , go on thinking whatever it is you 're thinking that 's happening here . 
  when it comes to geopolitical maneuvering putin vs. trump mano a mano it 's no contest , let 's be realistic . 
  real question is how much influence will the people around trump exert . 
  if that one is answered , the next real question will be how competent those people are . 
  but appeasing russia is literally one of trump 's policies/talking points . 
  that plays right into putin 's hands , regardless of who 's the cleverer son of a bitch . 
   they 're more than welcome in the uk . 
  together in the dunce corner xd, 
  ` oooh , da eevil leftist immigration policies comin to get ya ' go back to texas . 
  the only reason racial tensions seem to have increased is because black people spoke up and white america was finally confronted with it . 
  the tension had been there all along and never left . 
  just that between rodney king and blm it was generally quiet around the subject , and went unreported . 
  then blm , it picks up tempo , and it 's in everyone 's living room 24/7 all of a sudden . 
  but that shit did n't just appear . 
  it was already there . 
  you just started noticing it . 
  literally two generations had never been confronted with it before , not really . 
  until . 
  there will no draining of any swamp , just a change of the monsters inhabiting it . 
  newt gingrich rumoured secretary of state giuliani attorney general pence vp even palin might get something . 
  `` anti-establishment ! '', 
  `` drain the swamp ! '', 
  for context , the highest amount of seats ever won by a single party was 54 by the cda in 1986 and 1989 . 
  in 1956 the amount of seats was expanded to 150 from 100 . 
  before 1956 the highest result for a party was in 1891 with 53 for the liberal union . 
  that 's a rare result though . 
  until 1956 , it tops out at a bit over 30 for the largest party here and there . 
  turn off breitbart and step back into the real world . 
  this almost ca n't go wrong for putin . 
  he either manipulates trump succesfully and gets what he wants , or they get into a bitch fight and putin can tell his home audience : `` look at this mad dog yankee '' .
