  i do n't see many ` full freedom of speech ' advocates in there ... 
  you have freaking belgium on there but not the dutchlands ? 
  * fuck you * , romania :(, 
  yeah well , contrary to some popular belief , those ` black ' boxes are n't actually indestructible at all . 
  it 's certainly not the first time it happened . 
   if you want a safe space for racists , then go to r/european . 
  you do love to insinuate , do n't you ? 
  i 'm done talking to you , mr moderator sir . 
   you 're just making up definitions of what ` personal attacks ' are . 
  if you are saying that i am personally attacking you because i find your insulting twisting of dude 's posts unbecoming in general , let alone when done by a moderator , then i am not the only one attaching my own definitions to what a personal attack constitutes . 
  you 're not just attacking his points as you literally wrote `` you 're defending the legacy of colonial oppression '' , whilst it was fairly clear he was not doing that . 
  you basically resorted to calling him a racist , which i 'm fairly sure also constitutes as a personal attack . 
  all i did was point that out and wonder if moderators should n't be leading by example here ... 
  interesting piece . 
   if you do n't have anything to contribute but personal attacks , then just keep your mouth shut . 
  that 's rich coming from the moderator who just accused someone else of defending colonial oppression . 
  you know full fucking well that was n't what poach was trying to get at . 
  well said , mate . 
  the whole ` traditional marriage ' spiel is bogus . 
   because you 're defending the legacy of colonial oppression . 
  lmao . 
  way to put words in dude 's mouth , holy shit . 
  for shame , man , you 're a fucking mod here for pete 's sake . 
  different views on freedom is one thing , but you come across as putting both ` views ' on more or less the same level . 
  i 'd happily take freedom of and from religion , freedom of sexuality and freedom of political dissent over freedom from parking tickets , building laws and speed cameras . 
  whilst you 're undeniably technically correct about those different sides of freedom , i honestly find it somewhat irrelevant . 
  it 's like the dprk government saying they can feed their people just fine because they have one bag of rice . 
  there 's nourishment and nourishment , freedom and freedom . 
  which is an island nation in the indian ocean . 
  then rwanda slightly above us and burundi slight below us . 
  then a whole lot of nothing . 
  rwanda also went full genocide mode just over 20 years ago . 
  i 'm not sure how well that one holds up as an example of freedom . 
  if anything they need some more rules , not less . 
   i 've been in african countries with a larger population density than the netherlands , and they where much more lenient with everything , despite their lack of room . 
  rwanda is literally the only african country with a higher population density than the netherlands ( exception of mauritius but that 's an island ) ... burundi is about the same ` distance ' under us . 
  then a whole lot of nothing until the rest of africa arrives . 
  do n't talk out of your ass . 
  sure , but keep in mind that many of the things you initially listed can be directly traced back to very densely populated areas . 
  parking tickets , zoning and building laws , you name it , are all in order to prevent a densely populated area from falling into chaos . 
  if you have a lot of room , you do n't need zoning laws or parking tickets . 
  if you do n't have room and make little effort to manage the chaos ... well , you can see the result in some of the more chaotic cities in the world . 
   freedom for them means being able to park their car without having to find a ticket under your windscreen wiper , or being able to build a house , without asking a welfare committee to give permission , being able to drive a car without having to pay a fine for 2km/h exceeding the speed limit . 
  and all that sort of small things in life that are extremely present in europe . 
  lol , they have all these things in africa too , man . 
  just controlled more by corrupt officials instead of bureaucrats . 
  it 's neat , but also very much a double-edged sword . 
  the americans are learning this right now with the 22 's and flanker operators have been figuring this out recently as well . 
  the problem with thrust vectoring is that you 're pushing the aircraft way outside of normal aoa envelopes , literally swinging the plane around with the raw thrust of the engines pushing the aircraft at odd angles . 
  however , when you do that , you better hope you get a weapons solution and turn the sky full of hair , teeth and eyeballs , because ( esp in big boys like the sukhois ) you just blew away * all * of your energy and you 'll be spending the next 10 seconds being very slow and regaining energy . 
  very slow is not where you want to be in a dogfight . 
  you talkin ' bout practice . 
  not a game ... not a game ... practice . 
  the training exercises are set up like that . 
  just simulating long range engagements with the raptor 's ridiculous avionics suite is not going to teach anyone dick apart from the notion that the raptor is really good at long range . 
  which everyone knew already . 
  so in order to actually learn and experience something , you have to train for scenarios that are outside of your comfort zone ; such as enemy aircraft penetrating your little raptor 's ` safety bubble ' and then see what 's what . 
  everyone learns from that . 
  having a bland aerial deathmatch is n't how these exercises are conducted , so any claims about ` plane x is better than y because x killed y in training bla bla ' are always nonsense if there 's no context . 
  but people love to use it , especially people who have fuck all knowledge about military aviation . 
  afaik he automatically ` lost ' that when he kicked the bucket , as is standard . 
  ca n't have dead knights . 
  so it 's not like he was specifically stripped of something post-mortem . 
  heard this on qi or hignfy or something, 
  you 're giving to give diagnoses with hand gestures and explain your engineering plans with fucking charades ? 
  i feel like i 'm in that same boat . 
  it 's been theorised that ( part of ) the left 's defence of islam stems from an odd sense of reverse-colonialism . 
  where minorities are sad and oppressed and they must be protected from the evil western capitalist right ( the traditional opponent of the western left ) . 
  a lithe little jet like a t-38 equipped with a powerful jammer can be an interesting opponent for 4.5 / 5th gen fighters that rely on their avionics so much . 
  jamming their shit to get close is the go-to thing if you 're fighting a more modern adversary , hence why the raptors are training with them so much . 
  dumbasses . 
  look , if you 're going to be a bigoted cunt , at least make sure you 're being it to the group of people you 're actually hating , daft bouncer bastard . 
  then again , club bouncers are n't generally known for their broad cultural wisdom . 
  a 50 euro bill weighs about 0.92 g. 
  a million euros in 50 euro bills comes to the tune of 18.4 kg . 
  350 million in 50 euro bills would 18.4 kg x 350 = 6440kg . 
  you 'd literally need a small truck to haul that . 
  i never necessarily spoke about germany , even though the article refers to it . 
  my own country had a printing/sales ban of sorts on mein kampf for a while . 
  but i guess y' all enjoyed your pedantic downvote circlejerk , so for the net gain on germany 's trauma , we 're making progress . 
  i do n't know if the hating-jews-cos-of-communists idea holds up tht well tbh . 
  `` jews '' were a common way to hate-rationalize something . 
  hitler and the nazis did that not only with communism/bolshevism but also with the usa and ultimately the brits . 
  nearly everything was an anti-german conspiracy orchestrated by the jews at some point . 
  you got burned on that pre-order ... 
  uncle dolf 's hatred for slavs , bolsheviks and jews ultimately mingle into a big fascist hate stew . 
  the lines between these categories , esp jews and bolsheviks , are often incredibly blurred when it came to nazi ideology . 
  whenever he 's railing against the communists/bolsheviks , he 's pretty much also talking about jews . 
  good . 
  banning does n't work with things like this . 
  as the comments show , many of us picked up the book once because dad or grandma had a copy laying around and the book ofc had this hitler aura around it and was possibly even banned outright ; it creates some mystique about the book like that . 
  then you actually try reading it and after a while you 're just thinking ` the fuck is this drivel ? ' . 
  put book down , mystique throughly destroyed , hitler still confirmed weirdo . 
   and then at 5 miles out , which is when turkish jets scramble . 
  that seems hilariously late . 
  if you 're scrambling when the bad guys are 5 miles away in * fighter jets * , it 's a mere 30 seconds before those bad guys traversed those 5 miles . 
  you ca n't get airborne in 30 seconds , unless you 're literally on the ramp , all strapped in and just waiting for clearance . 
  i was seriously derped out by that bridge for a few seconds until i realized it 's still under construction . 
  that 's a weak reply . 
  first you claim that christianity forming europe into what it is today is `` commonly accepted by many historians '' , yet when i ask for a few examples , all you can manage is ` read a book ' ?
