  you 're just lumping me in with a stereotype of british people which is unrepresentative . 
  look at my comment history . 
  does it look like i go around saying how great britain is for winning wwii all the time ? 
  am i personally going around and doing that ? 
  then why the hell does it matter what other british people do . 
  i 'm my own person . 
  you can either engage with what i have to say as an individual or treat me as a caricature of all british people , which makes your response utterly pointless and meaningless . 
  it matters because in your post replying to the question of `` you think the other states did not ban collaborators ? 
  '' , you listed a bunch of nations with their degrees of culpability , ranging from obvious ( germany , italy ) , to exceptionally weak ( ireland for example ) . 
  now , if you want to look at ireland and go `` well , they could 've done more '' , you 're not technically wrong , but if we 're going to criticize ireland for , given the context of that it 's feckin ' ireland , not doing enough , or ` standing by and letting things happen ' , i find it very peculiar that you would * explicitly * leave the uk out of this very varied group of culpable nations . 
  surely , if we 're going to highlight everything to the extent that even little ireland gets a whack of the stick for the decisions that they made * at the time * , we ca n't exactly brush over [ this guy ] ( http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/nevill3.jpg ) either , can we ? 
  so yeah , it did seem to me you were somewhat uk-circlejerking when you explicitly left out the uk from your initial list , yet went after ireland on details at the same time , whilst heading the whole thing with a vague notion of ` everyone fucked up to some degree ' . 
  ireland was trying to maintain neutrality , yet support the allies on the downlow at the same time . 
  they were walking a tightrope and at the time they thought that the situation with the treaty ports would be crossing the line . 
  this is understandable . 
  to bring it up within a context of `` ireland could 've done more '' is not incorrect , because obviously they could 've , but it would be an extremely one-dimensional view of the situation , especially within the wider context that ratchet brought it up in . 
  afaik the irish criminalised * deserters * of their own defence forces for joining foreign militaries . 
  irish * citizens * were not prohibited of joining a foreign military , in contrast to quite a few other neutral nations . 
  you 're the one throwing the book at the freaking irish , but now * i * am the one pigeon-holing ? 
  the lolzies to state that the brits hardly ever shut up about ww2 is n't exactly an untrue statement either . 
  one world cup and two world wars , doo-dah , doo-dah . 
  if i had a nickel every time i heard a brit say that i would 've been able to procure a couple of very fine whiskeys by now . 
  yeah let 's rag on the irish for their 194x neutrality with our 2016 goggles . 
  hindsight is so lovely , is n't it ? 
   they were actively holding back the fight against hitler . 
  `` despite the official position of neutrality , there were many unpublicised contraventions of this , such as permitting the use of the donegal corridor to allied military aircraft , and extensive co-operation between allied and irish intelligence , including exchanges of information , such as detailed weather reports of the atlantic ocean . 
  for example , the decision to go ahead with the d-day landings was decided by a weather report from blacksod bay , county mayo . 
  [ 1 ] '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_neutrality_during_world_war_ii lol, 
  so you 're saying i 'm lying ? 
  `` had britain retained control of the ports , ireland could have been forced into the second world war against her wishes -- militarily too weak to prevent british forces from using the ports and unable to counter any german accusations that irish territory was being used by british armed forces . 
  with british forces stationed on irish territory , ireland would certainly be in contravention of the hague conventions on neutrality . 
  even if neutrality had somehow been maintained , with british forces in occupation of irish territory , ireland would have suffered as german forces sought to deny the ports to the royal navy . 
  ireland was extremely fortunate to have gained control of the ports and one can understand why de valera adopted what britain regarded as ` a rigid an uncompromising ' attitude in refusing britain access to the facilities . '', 
  i heard it in dutch and there 's no way the dutch colloquialism that was so applicable within the dutch phrase could be accurately and literally translated into english , so i settled for riding . 
  i hope that has n't upset you too much . 
  considering the fact that ireland maintained neutrality , they cooperated with the ( western ) allies a lot more than one could 've expected . 
  to call it collaboration with the germans , as ratchet was implying , is even more ridiculous . 
  to suggest ireland did n't do enough is idiotic . 
  lmao @ complaining about semantics in an off-the-cuff statement that has since been through three languages . 
  no shit , that one just made my jaw drop . 
  fecking shite irish , why did n't you single-handedly crush the nazi war machine ?!, 
  too busy brewing guinness , eh ? 
  none , this is just british circlejerking in h\u00f6chform . 
  for all the shit the usa gets for never shutting up about ww2 , the brits certainly do n't either . 
  i 've always wondered if the odd dude in the flowery shirt comes from much older tv material , looking at the late 80s , early 90s cars that appear . 
  i have n't seen such shitboxes on the dutch streets in a while . 
  lol i was going to post a bunch of good articles , but fuck it , it 's not worth it when people insist on a simple , one-dimensional world view . 
  i am not sure what to think about this ... obviously , not enough fucking bitterballs . 
  how does one even ... make a fappy netherlands song ... and forget bitterballs ? 
  you are conflating saudi society ( source of finance ) and the house of saud/ksa government ( by extension ) . 
  the house of saud and daesh are not exactly friends . 
   to see stalin was insane and ruthless . 
  no shit . 
  have you even read the article ? 
  half the polled russians , at least , would agree with that . 
  the article is pretty interesting ; basically a very brief interlude into the paradoxical nature of russian and ex-soviet views on stalin . 
  i 'm sure many things make sense for you if you want one of the most complicated questions in ethicality , an unsolvable one perhaps , answered in 20 seconds and bite-sized chunks . 
  high quality of play plus always an exciting season . 
  spain pretty much is barca , real and sometimes atletico . 
  that 's it . 
  there 's a huge chasm between those three and the rest . 
  bundesliga kind of depends how bayern is feeling that year . 
  if bayern is feeling under the weather , the bundesliga is great because you have like 8 teams who could win it . 
  if bayern turns up ready to go , it 's a whitewash and a snoozefest . 
  italian league ... not what it once used to be . 
  french league ... who gives a shit ? 
  ( srry , frenchies ) portugese , scottish , dutch , belgian , swiss , austrian , scandinavian leagues ... way too small and low level to be interesting for non-natives . 
  `` stalinism is even more destructive than nazism if you look at the stats '' oh , are we going to draw moral conclusions based on the scorecard again ? 
  yeah , i 'm outtie . 
  yeah , that 's the bridge . 
  angry turk said people like him were calling the bridge after erdogan 's wife , so that thousands of people would ride her every day , lal . 
  not really . 
  the question of stalin 's public image in russia is heinously complicated and heinously interesting , but to compare it to jews and hitler is nothing short of patently ridiculous . 
  it 's completely different . 
   this is like the jews thanking hitler for his years of service , messed up til that stalin had the ideological aim of unconditionally exterminating the russian people / s, 
  is this the one that angry turks have named after erdogan 's wife ? 
  i learned that from a local coffeeshop turk here . 
  he was n't an erdogan fan , to say the least ... 
  ca n't not post [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhdgrufnsr8 ) !, 
  people like olof palme and pim fortuyn will be remembered because they were assassinated , as that tends to be a pretty big deal . 
  not * exactly * what op had in mind , but thought i 'd throw it in there . 
  the portugese falcon airframes are only from the mid 90s , so you 'll definitely get some life out of them yet . 
  i thought about this as well . 
  i actually intended to write kebab-wursts first , but then i got stuck thinking whether they 're german turks or turkish germans . 
  = / i still havent settled it . 
  in defense of the turkey flaired redditors on here , most seem pretty anti-erdogan . 
  you yourself are wurst-kebab , i assume ? 
  german turk ? 
  i noticed you responding to a kebab question i asked earlier today . 
   even greece higher lol `` i felt a great disturbance in the force , as if millions of kebabs cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced . . '', 
  carai , that 's dangerously cheap ... argie border guard : `` tu es here for la business or pleasure ? '', 
  me : `` i 'm here to become a 24/7 cokefiend ! '', 
  that 's a demonstration , though , not a refugee camp . 
  what i 'm saying is , back in the uk they ca n't do exactly the same as they 're doing in calais , by virtue of lack of migrant camps in the uk . 
  sure , they can still be shitheads at a protest , but at least it 's british shitheads being shitheads at a british protest on british soil . 
  if i were the french , i would n't want a bunch of foreign agitators fucking up my migrant shit either . 
  pick them up , kick them across the channel , make it very clear they 're not to come back to that specific area in the near future and problem solved . 
  i think that practically speaking , the french would be a lot better off just kicking the troublemakers back across the channel with some kind of probationary warning for staying the fuck away from calais ( should be possible , no ? ), 
  instead of making a bigger deal out of it with criminal charges and whatnot . 
  `` that just means the perpetrator will be free , just in other country . '',
