  ) , but there are quite strong connections between nethies and romania regarding shipbuilding . 
  a lot of cascos ( hulls ) are made in romania and then towed here to be finished . 
  damen has a big yard in galati for example . 
  years ago when i worked in lemmer ( cleaning newly built ships ) , there were quite a few romanian workers too . 
  frogs , mud-dwellers , turnip farmers and iron miners ... yeah , luxembourg definitely took on the aspects of its neighbours :d, 
  jo cox was a very leftist woman , for this new wave of alt-righters , that 's pretty much satan . 
  what a delightful piece of thinly veiled right-wing misogyny . 
  edit : which is , i might add , not even his own work . 
  http://www.theoccidentalobserver.net/2016/06/the-selective-compassion-of-jo-cox/ a lovely piece from ` the occidental observer ' . 
  i do n't think i have to explain anything about this outlet that ca n't be easily observed from their website . 
  more than half of the collective british media have been pouring unlimited amounts of bile on europe and the eu prior to and during the referendum hype , are you really surprised there 's a bit of a backlash ? 
  we 're going to bury you beneath the damrak now , buddy . 
  and this is why ( right-wing ) populists are n't good for anything but playing the canary-in-the-coalmine role . 
  with shite like this , you 're just smearing yourself in it already . 
  such a degree of dishonesty is despicable and there should be laws against political parties disseminating such blatant untruths . 
  `` no more queen '' ? 
  `` ttip privatizes nhs '' ? 
  what the fuuuuuuuckkk , be ashamed , ukip , be fucking ashamed . 
  there 's a difference between ` irish controlled ' as in , atc , and actual sovereign airspace that you can deny people access to . 
  sovereign airspace is your land area + territorial waters ( like the 10ish nm strip around your coasts ) . 
  - person asks you a question - you end your answer , which did n't even include the actual answer the person was asking for , with assumed accusations , assumptions and insults about the person who asked the question - i ask you why you seem so angry - you do n't seem to understand why someone would think that . 
  man asks you what your solution is , since you you seem to passionately argue the unsustainibility of the current system , and somehow you manage to end your answer to that question with : `` if you do n't like the truth then perhaps you should go and pray or something and become part of the mentally ill as it fits to your lifestyle of active denial and delusion . '', 
  my point is that you have an incredibly arrogant attitude that you accompany with repeated condenscending attacks . 
  your post history is evidence to this . 
  if you ca n't even see that , then well ... good day to you and i hope you get the help you need . 
   why do i have to offer anything ? 
  i am just commentating about status quo and being 100 % accurate about it . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  if you do n't like the truth then perhaps you should go and pray or something and become part of the mentally ill as it fits to your lifestyle of active denial and delusion . 
  lol dude , for real , why are you so angry ? 
   citation needed . ^ 2 from only the first page of your comment history : `` this is not constructive comment . 
  * but then again you are an ape so ... * '' '' * nice insecurity . 
  * '' '' * i am correct about everything * . 
  so i concur . '', 
  `` are you sorry ? 
  because pardon me , * but i am the best ape around . 
  * '' `` book writer is a god of that story so yes it was supposed to end like this . 
  it is part of the storyline . 
  * jesus , like it is your first book ... you do realise that stories in books are deliberate with a designed end goal at sight ? 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  * '' `` everybody shits on human rights when it is convenient to them . 
  so they are certainly already doing it . 
  besides , prisons are torture devices too so everybody already does the caveman biblical revenge when they can justify it with some delusions of grandeur . 
  adding a bucket full of water and wet cloth in the mix makes no difference at that point . 
  this society has no idea what to do with criminals and anti social people that their go-to delivery method is to just put everyone in a cage and forget about it * because this is what they learnt from biblical revenge fiction stories in biblical fairytales , which deep down everybody likes and gets off ( sexually ) . 
  * that is what this society is only capable of , anything beyond requires too much intelligence so there you have it : * you are all fucking apes . 
  * '' `` because a redditor is generally speaking a peasant and not a captain of industry who truly benefits from this deal . 
  this helps eu business , but it can suck for regular peasant . 
  * i see no problems here since no powerhouse ever gives a fuck about peasants so it is not like they are hurting anyone that actually matters . 
  * '' this whole spectacular rant : [ `` really the real problem with wealthy vs poor is that poor are bunch of fucking losers that are too divided and get nothing done when it needs to be done . 
  poor are the reason status quo exists , poor are the reason why things are terrible for the poor . 
  poor is the reason democracy exists , poor are the reason why republics exist - if you do n't know why these things are bad then do n't even bother replying about it . 
  they are the reason why everything sucks for the poor - the poor and poor alone . 
  it is not fair to blame wealthy here at all since most of them are just playing the game , a game the poor agreed on and set the rules on . 
  poor made that happen either directly with plain stupidity or indirectly with their silence and continued agreement . 
  taking pitchforks now is too late because poor fucked up . 
  you ca n't blame the wealthy for your own fuck up . 
  this is your game and you lost . 
  fucking peasants , just unreal fucking drivel . 
  if poor wants to punish someone then i 'm sure that little poor person can at least afford a rope - it is quite cheap . 
  besides , it is biblical style revenge which poor likes so using rope on oneself like that fits perfectly well to poor person 's lifestyle . 
  you know who you ought to blame ? 
  your shitty ancestors like grandfather and grandmother and other little shits on your poor line that made it all reality and basically created the status quo . 
  these are the people responsible not the people who played the game and won . 
  it is not like the rich made the game , it is the poor who set the constitution and all the following bullshit afterwards . 
  they accepted it , without their approval none of it would have happened . 
  so get real poor , but this is your own fault that things look bleak for you . 
  whose ancestors were there that designed a profit based society ? 
  was it the rich or was it really the fucking poor that had power to stop it ? 
  who were the idiots that replaced feudalism with wage slavery ? 
  fucking fools , well , reap the benefits now because this is direct outcome of your ancestors action and inaction . 
  '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/4oyygb/billionaire_steven_schwartzfman_middle_class/d4gz30q ) `` raping semantics and being smartass is almost as good as putting books into your arsehole instead of reading them . '', 
  `` full of shit . 
  first you made some bullshit smartass comment that states nothing other than delivers a loaded statement how liberal democracy is the best thing out there . 
  * so before you continue with your idiocy * , please , citations needed . '', 
  that 's just from one page of your comments and it paints a pretty consistent picture . 
  your attitude to others is ... ` noteworthy ' , to say the least . 
  willie pete cluster bomb ? 
  as far as i know , the only serious attempts to reformat the system towards rehabilitation are found in the west , man ... 
  so what i 'm taking away from this is that op 's chart could do with some specific dating , since it appears to show collaboration on a ` lifetime ' basis and not current events . 
  if the ` secret ' cia prison is still there , pis is collaborating with the cia just as much though , are n't they ? 
  i only picked pis for my joke because they are somewhat homophobic ( right ? 
  you 're basically going around saying `` you are all stupid and i 'm not '' . 
  if that 's not an attempt at trolling , i 'm not quite sure what to say , other than i hope you get the help you need . 
  your post history pretty much confirms this . 
  nearly every post is a condenscending attack . 
  that 's not normal . 
  4/10 , very meagre quality trolling, 
   this place is where we rant and fuck pigs . 
  no solutions here . 
  judging by your idiotic diatribe above , you 're definitely correct about your own involvement at least . 
  and your solution is ... ? 
  a sunglassed cia agent bumfucking a pis politician for poland would push soooo many buttons that i am now a huge fan of this idea . 
  patrick ... are ... are we the baddies . . ? 
  and this is why i 'm an atheist . 
  there is indeed some merit to the notion that ( nearly ) unlimited free speech will bring the real fuckfaces out in the open , but i dunno if that 's ` worth it ' . 
  i 'm not too sure if the reverse is ` worth it ' either . 
  personally , i 'm somewhat undecided on the subject . 
  my jury is still out , so to speak .
