  either way , putin wins . 
  putin sees a prime opportunity to get rid of the economic sanctions on russia . 
  annex crimea , put up with sanctions for a bit , then have them lifted . 
  pretty obvious that this is putin 's ploy here . 
  he 's not having a kind-hearted moment , he smells opportunity , to score at home and abroad and walk out of the casino with his winnings . 
  `` do as we want and pursue an agenda of ethno-nationalism , * or else * . . '' what was that about wrong side of history ? 
  that shit about ` taking our country back ' disturbs me a little . 
   take this victory , / r/europe . 
  i do n't think there are many europeans outside of the populist feelsfort that really feel like they 've won anything here , dude . 
   ah , one of the easily offended ones . 
  stopped reading right there . 
  he 's been a prominent birther for four fucking years , but that 's not racist ? 
  jesus f ` ing christ , what does someone have to do to actually be a racist in your eyes ? 
  get caught red-handed stringing up a black guy or something ? 
  what are we talking about here ? 
  china 's current impact is massive , but they 're investing heavily in green power . 
  china will do more to * combat climate change * than a fully red us government will . 
  the repubs are going to get full control of the executive branch now . 
  you bet your ass that if a sc judge keels over or retires within the next 4 years , that spot is going to get filled by a y' all qaeda type real fucking fast . 
  fact-free politics . 
  polarized media landscape . 
  an electorate that is very bad at critical thinking . 
  brews up into a nice cocktail . 
  for us , it might not be too bad actually . 
  force european countries to listen to each other more and intensify cooperation . 
  for americans , they 're fucked . 
  full control in republican hands . 
  potential to turn the supreme court very conservative * for decades * . 
  if people like pence get a lot of influence , overturning federal rulings on abortion and gay marriage are real possibilities . 
  in the meantime , i 'm going to be insanely curious how this ` anti-establishment ' spiel is going to go . 
  trump wants to drain the swamp , then re-populate it with some of the most notorious lizards in american politics . 
  giuliani , pence , gingrich . 
  even palin is on the cards . 
  kidding me ? 
  his tax proposals were widely panned as assfuckery for the middle and working class , and the 1 % 's wet dream . 
  so yeah ... ` anti-establishment ' , eh ? 
  we 'll see about that . 
  i think a trump administration will be one of the most 1 % - friendly cronyist administrations the us has seen in a while . 
  i 'm not quite sure that 's what all the trump supporters had in mind . 
  we 'll see in a year or two . 
  i 've got a feeling that vast swathes of the ` unheard majority ' who are so concerned about ` corruption ' have voted massively against their own interest . 
  oh right , and i forgot , general republican disdain for governmental oversight and trump 's personal dislike for the fda ( food watchdog ) and epa ( environmental watchdog ) can have just * so many fun * consequences as well . 
  pretty much set in stone now . 
  the victory of fact-free politics . 
  now let 's see how much of his nonsense trump can actually deliver on . 
  i ca n't wait till 2018/19 and see what the trump enthusiasts think of their boy and his policies then . 
  bringing jobs back ? 
  anti-establishment ? 
  lel that 's going to be hidden gem . 
  and the gop ca n't blame anyone else if their social and economic policies fail , since they 're going to get full control . 
  enjoy your russian breakfast , igor . 
  from the left ? 
  the sc will turn hard conservative and the people around trump , such as pence and gingrich , will get a huge say in domestic policy . 
  overturning gay marriage is seriously on the cards . 
  i think bernie would lose that advantage in different areas though , and that the republican party would 've unified more in the face of a ` socialist ' . 
  at least we have n't given those people the keys to the house yet . 
  polling as biggest party here and there , but with coalition governments they ca n't do it alone . 
  and hardly anyone will work with them . 
  bernie sanders is a self-proclaimed ` social-democrat ' . 
  that alone would be a massive , ridiculously massive hurdle to take in american politics . 
  still . 
  i do n't know whether he would 've done better than clinton , but to think he 'd easily sweep it is ludicrous . 
  [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/caiq0uh.png ) is what is being emboldened right now, 
  i 'm talking about the right-wing talk shows maniacs such as rush limbaugh and sean hannity . 
  they 've been literally demonizing liberals/democrats for give or take 25 years now . 
  replied to wrong comment ? 
  plenty of them apparently did , because they stood by him , did n't they ? 
  giuliani , pence , gingrich , that whole gamut of venerable ` anti-establishment warriors ' . 
  not to mention the voters . 
  they 're going to feel really fucking stupid once trump starts cavorting with goldman sachs people and the like and it shows how ` anti-establishment ' he really is . 
  then they 'll blame the democrats and liberals for it . 
  because logic . 
  shock , embarassment , disappointment mostly . 
  it 's the victory of the right-wing outrage media and fact-free politics . 
  even taking away all the candidates ' character traits , trump is simply incompetent . 
  not to mention , half the us believes him on his word ( despite his past as a businessman who stiffs the little guy ) that he is anti-establishment who 's going to look out for the little guy . 
  that 's insane to me . 
  that they trust * him * of all people to be their anti-establishment guy . 
  trump and his r 's * are * establishment . 
  if you guys thought 8 years of bush jr. was bad for your image , oh boy ... ` president trump ' will be in his own special category . 
  i hope the usa gets themselves into another crisis over this shit , wtf america ? 
  \\* jealousy intensifies *, 
  well shit , are you prepared to let good cheese , even if it 's a bit melted , * go to waste * ? 
  that 's a challenge not only for our love of cheese but also for our stinginess . 
  a dutchman such as yourself should realize that our troops will be defenceless against any type of cheesy resistance . 
  we 'd rather eat the cheese than fight the cheese . 
  and unless we 're getting too carried away with juncker worship , just the one pope too . 
  cheese fondu defence in depth . 
  you try moving heavy armour when their tracks are stuck in 7 tons of lukewarm fondu . 
  diabetes , horrible traffic accidents , and laziness . 
  have some [ curtis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cmo6mryf5g ) , brother . 
  i certainly do n't disagree . 
  i was just grabbing the opportunity to show how down with the black people i am . 
  i find real american ebonics to be much richer in diversity than most of the modern street talk variations of european languages . 
  it 's a gorgeous , flowy dialect that kind of has its own proper rules . 
  some linguists regard it as a proper language even . 
  `` schreckschusspistole '' i do n't say this enough , but i love you silly teutons . 
  they certainly are . 
  one interesting docu that stuck with me was the one from the uk where a journo followed a bunch of ` hatepreachers ' for a while . 
  these guys were n't allowed inside the usual mosques anymore so they 'd stand outside and try to engage other muslims .
