  should be an open and shut case . 
  but the people in power are not going to give up their power peacefully . 
  if you want true anarchy you have to make it happen with violence . 
  try them as adults , throw the book at them extra hard for showing zero remorse and a mindstate that makes repeat offense * very * likely . 
  fully agreed . 
  if you 're ` man enough ' to commit sexual assault , you 're not a child anymore . 
  that 's one hell of an assumption , to suggest the daesh leadership is using religion as a front . 
  an incredible assumption that does not seem to hold up at all when we look at the evidence and the facts . 
  i find it peculiar that you refuse to accept that religion plays a massive role in this . 
  these people are incredibly upfront and very serious about their motivations and ideology , yet you just go `` nope , do n't believe them , must be political '' . 
  why are you so incredibly reluctant to take these people 's words for what they are ? 
  no other extremist group would be subjected to the same treatment . 
  if a bunch of neo nazis started killing jews , would you suggest that the leadership of that group , despite vehemently reenforcing themselves as nazis , must have ulterior motives ? 
  i doubt it . 
  you 'd take their words at face value and acknowledge that they are nazis . 
  yet when it comes to daesh , you refuse and try to put a political spin on it . 
  i 'm sorry , but that * really is * an example of regressive leftist thinking , filtered through your own ethno-centric worldview . 
  if islamists and jihadists are mad at the west because of foreign policy , and there are some legitimate grievances there , it still does n't explain why they are sexually enslaving thousands of yazidi women . 
  why are the taliban forcing women in afghanistan and waziristan to wear burkhas ? 
  why did daesh execute two 14yr old iraqi kids for watching a football match ? 
  none of those people had anything to do with the west , yet they bore and continue to bear the full brunt of jihadist and islamist ideology . 
  you 're not really suggesting daesh is raping yazidi girls en masse because they are pissed at the west , are you ? 
  that would be preposterous . 
  surely not even the far left is going to take this seriously ... 
  death count is not a perfectly fair way to gauge how bad a person was and you and i both can conjure up a hundred examples where it 's not . 
  just as an example of how death count is not an accurate measuring stick , * not * as a direct analogy to any 20th century regime : a jet fighter pilot that bombs the wrong target and kills 30 disabled children . 
  a pedophile that abducts , rapes and murders 10 children . 
  again , * not * a direct analogy to any 20th century regime , and a very extreme example , but you would * have * to agree with me here , that when making a moral and ethical judgement about the persons responsible for 30 and 10 deaths respectively , it can * not * be made on basis of numbers alone . 
  i reiterate for the third time because soo many people seem to misunderstand this , i am not trying to say stalin or mao is the fighter pilot that ` just made a mistake ' . 
  my outright premise here is that , even if it is by use of an extreme example ( which can be nuanced yet still hold up ) , the numbers game * alone * is not enough basis for an ethical/moral judgement . 
  one * has * to look at how those deaths came about , the degree of responsibility , culpability , criminal responsibility , intent , ideology , practicality , etc etc. 
  within that specific context of the numbers game not applying , which is a very odd and awfully complicated ethical , historical and maybe even psychological debate undoubtedly far beyond any individual 's capability ( let alone mine ) to resolve in a summer 's afternoon , i have my own position that hitler and his nazis were indeed the worst on this weird scale of evil . 
  this does not diminish the crimes of the other contestants in any way and the debate as to who should be on # 1 is completely open . 
  what i do not think is completely open , however , is the notion that just going by the numbers and declaring case closed on the ridiculously difficult question of ethicality presented here is a viable option . 
  that is the reasoning i have tried to posit throughout this entire thread , and i have been accused of a very wide variety of agendas that i do not hold . 
  contrary to what many people here obviously think of me , i do not have a particular dog in this race . 
  my primary reasoning , again , is to contest the notion that numbers is a valid way to solve an incredibly intricate ethical question . 
  and you seem to be fairly ` new ' to this thread , in any case i do n't recognize your username , but even though i obviously come across as incredibly snappy here and there , there 's only so many insults of ' commie apologist ' i can take . 
  i 've stated time and time again in this thread , using a wide array of negative adverbs , how despicable mao and stalin were . 
  i 'm not sure i could 've expressed more distaste without breaking common etiquette or reddit rules . 
  i am saying though , that if one wants to tackle the heinously complicated ethical question of ` who was the most evil shithead ' , going off numbers alone simply is n't an honest approach . 
  that 's been my premise throughout this thread , and time and time again i 've been pelted with downvotes and accusations of commie apologist and stalinlover and whatnot . 
  there 's a limit to how many times i can explain my position only to be ignored and accused in the same way before i start telling people to go take a right fuck to themselves . 
  only for you to strawman me again into saying i 'm a communist apologist ? 
  no , fuck off , i 'm done with your ilk . 
  i 'm not even jewish , i 'm just saying that within the big difficult ethics debate of who 's the most evil cuntbag , genocide numbers alone do n't cut it . 
  that 's what i 've been saying all along . 
  fuck off if you misrepresent my words otherwise . 
  i 've been accused of being jewish now , i 've been accused of being a communist apologist now , y' all are one goosestep away from calling me a jewish bolshevik agitator . 
  more insults, 
  aaaay more strawmen . 
  gtfo, 
  did the soviets intend and put in practice a ruthless and unconditional genocide of their conquered territories like the nazis did ? 
  yes , they committed genocide , no , not all of the deaths they were responsible for were due to genocide . 
  that 's literally not what i said at all . 
  more strawmen . 
  gtfo . 
  more strawmen , gtfo, 
  gtfo yourself if you ca n't read in context . 
  i 'm sick of you tards misrepresenting my words . 
  you have just attached about a dozen assumptions to my character because of a few posts , whilst at the same time expressing outright hatred for a large part of the political spectrum . 
  lol , calm the fuck down , drama queen, 
  thanks for sauce . 
  it 's late and i 've been drinking so my german is n't brilliant and i 've just kinda skimmed over it , but it 's pretty interesting . 
  the list of deaths seems legit and fairly long indeed . 
  does the article mention anything about location ( i 've heard eastern germany has a bigger problem with neo-nazism than the west ) ? 
  and i 'm saying that despite the immense tragedy that the holodomor was , and the obvious culpability that the regime in question bears for the crime , to put it on a 1 to 1 moral equation with the holocaust/sho ` ah is facetious . 
  because there were different degrees of intent and ideology at work , which merits a very complicated and compartimentalized discussion , probably held by people smarter than i am . 
  but to suggest such a thing makes one a stalin apologist or a secret communist in the eyes of many on this sub , which i find insane . 
  i may come across as a commie apologist to many here , it 's certainly not my intention nor position but perception is perception , in the same vein a lot of people on here ( not you specifically ) come across to me as nazi apologists ; using the conveniently high kill count of some to downplay the insane ideologically driven campaign of extermination that was nazi germany just by going `` yeh but uuh , that guy has like , twice as much '' and then that 's a done deal , anyone who disagrees is a commie . 
  certainly not many . 
  especially when we talk about * escape * . 
  nearly all the holocaust survivors simply managed to survive until the end of the war until they were liberated . 
  if you really want to compare hitler 's ideological genocide on jews and slavs with the holodomor , you have to concede that there 's very little ideological material from stalin that suggests a long-term plan to wipe out every single ukranian . 
  which imho makes a huge difference . 
  i simply disagree with that , and from a perspective that might surprise you given the position i 've occupied ( both actual and perceived ) during this debate . 
  i disagree because the nkdv in its heyday was n't exactly shy about just executing people . 
  they did that . 
  a lot . 
  a really really lot . 
  there 's little need to send people to ` death camps ' , very well disguised as large labour projects , to perish when you could just ... shoot them . 
  as they were very wont to do . 
   if you start a chain of events that leads to the deaths of millions , while you kickback and pretend nothing is happening , then that is no different to focused extermination . 
  yes . 
  yes it is . 
  not giving a shit whether people live or die is very different from actively seeking their absolute and unconditional extermination . 
  jesus fucking christ , why do i need to explain this ? 
  it stalin wanted the ukranians gone like hitler wanted the jews gone , i very much doubt i 'd be talking to you right now , dude . 
  because your grandpa probably would n't have made it . 
  we can find plenty of human losses from stalin 's hand that had nothing to do with economy ; he deliberately murdered a lot of people indeed . 
  what i 'm disputing is that the famine was a genocidal plot engineered by stalin in the same vein that the holocaust was a genocidal plot engineered by hitler . 
  the gulag system , as crude and ruthless as it was , was the soviet prison system , not a genocidal system . 
  the evidence for this is overwhelming and it makes me giggle that you 're trying to argue otherwise . 
   while mao simply did n't care since there was enough manpower to go around . 
  i 'm glad you chose this exact terminology . 
  can you now see how that 's still a step under the totally intended and focused extermination present under hitler 's reign ? 
  i misread that because of 200 right-wing murders claim . 
  the raf obviously has n't been active since reunification . 
  however , when i check that source you gave for 200 supposed ring-wing murders , the source does n't actually have a source at all either . 
  not exactly an uncriticised book ... at the very least you have to admit it 's still a contended issue amongst historians .
