  omg , lmao that 's not extinguishing the powder keg , homie . 
  that 's lighting the powder keg and throwing it into the ship 's magazine !, 
  i 'm aware of history . 
  i just do n't share your view of having to go literally all charles martel on ` da mooslims ' any time soon . 
  call to arms * and * a lovely spot of self-victimization . 
  you sure are delivering !, 
  not all of them . 
  the san bernadino couple and the orlando fuckknuckle had legal firearms ( i.e. 
  no underworld gunrunning connections needed ) and pretty much acted on their own initiative . 
  the hebdo and bataclan attacks were quite obviously ` real ' supported cells . 
  we 'll find out soon enough what this one was . 
  there we go . 
  that was n't so hard , was it ? 
  i 'm so scared . 
  better start chipping away at the civil and human rights that countless europeans have fought and bled and died for over the centuries . 
  sure thing , but this conversation has been way too civil . 
  `` gieb back grandpa 's bike !, 
  1974 worst year of life !, 
  there we go !, 
  i agree that it should n't be any different . 
  most of us think that . 
  even the king himself thinks that . 
  that 's why the l\u00e8se majest\u00e9 law is getting canned soon . 
  but the circumstances of * this specific case * made the prosecutors use it , and not unjustifiably so imo . 
  though i would n't doubt that as a bit of a high profile case there may have been a smidget of career ambition on part of the prosecutor in charge , but hey , that 's life . 
  when a convicted murderer makes angry , shouty , serious accusations at you on facebook , accompanied by a photoshopped picture of you getting beheaded , you would not contact the police ? 
  serious question . 
  whilst it 's true that the french certainly did n't intend to kill anyone on board the rainbow warrior , the way that they handled the aftermath was pretty dubious . 
  they tried to sabotage any investigation and the perpetrators were hailed as heroes upon their return to france . 
  that left a bad taste in a lot of people 's mouths . 
  pretty much this . 
  and though feeling disconnected with your parents ' heritage whilst simultaneously having trouble adjusting to ( western ) society is certainly not unique to people from islamic backgrounds , their socio-religious-cultural baggage pertaining to islam does make them the only ones to so disportionately turn to extremely intolerant and violent ideas . 
  i think the problem with islam in this specifically is that , in this context , even though islam itself is n't the root cause for radicalization in many cases , as a vessel * through which * these people find a new identity can all too easily spin out of control into a particularly intolerant , hateful and violent result . 
  not all ` identity vessels ' can that easily be turned into a hateful ideology . 
  islam can . 
  i do n't agree with the notion that islam is inherently evil , or that isis somehow are ` the strictest muslims ' , as you sometimes hear ( far ) rightwingers say . 
  as a ` typical ' religion it 's a big mess of sects and directions and cults and interpretations and what not . 
  but with a 6th/7th century warlord as their ` main guy ' , it 's not difficult for islam to function as a violence-accelerant . 
   you will learn one day . 
  is n't this where you are supposed to tell me about the inevitable battle in the streets to preserve our white culture ? 
  because this is usually when that starts . 
   i guess reddits reaction , and mine , are just the usuall fear that the laws in place may be exploited because someone with power feels like someone pissed on his shoes . 
  i 'm a pretty hardcore republican and i totally share this fear . 
  but the details of this case are pretty important . 
  also , his posts were discovered because of a preliminary security investigation prior to the king 's visit to zwolle , a city close to the town where the suspect lives . 
  so it 's not like there 's a band of internet sleuting detectives hunting king-insulting posts wherever they can find them . 
  the content and tone of the posts coupled with the credible security risk definitely makes it pretty ` special ' . 
  not to mention that the whole ` special law to prevent insulting the king ' thing is close to being dismantled anyway , which our king himself agrees with . 
  so it certainly is n't the first slip on the slippery slope of governmental oppression . 
  it 's quite the opposite almost , using an almost dead law to throw the book at a real fucko who kinda deserves it . 
  so to protect our modern society you are perfectly willing to throw one of its core tenets straight out of the fucking window ? 
  never ceases to amaze me , that . 
  libel is illegal in your country as well . 
  so are credible threats . 
  belgian newspaper quoted the post as `` hij is een moordenaar , ik niet !, 
  hij is een onderdaan , ik niet '' which translates to : `` he is a murderer , i 'm not !, 
  he is a rapist , i 'm not !, 
  he is an oppressor , i 'm not !, 
  he is a thief , i 'm not !, 
  he is a subject , i 'm not ! '', 
  \\ + the beheading photoshop stuff . 
  initially i was thinking the comments may have been part of a ( however ranty and incoherent ) post about the unsavoury deeds of the dutch monarchy in colonial times , leading to the notion that , with * some * rationale , you could accuse the dutch monarchy , currently represented by willem alexander , of murder , rape , oppression , etc. 
  but , turns out , he did n't . 
  there was no ` point ' to what he said , no reasonable criticism , no joke , no rationale . 
  plus , dude is apparently a convicted murderer himself . 
  so a convicted murderer shouting such angry things on facebook is quite a very different thing from b\u00f6hmermann and his delightful silliness . 
  also , dutch comedian hans teeuwen has a famous skit in which he pretends to make love to the ( then ruling ) queen on stage . 
  that whole thing was never even an issue here as far as being at risk for prosecution , as it was so obviously part of a comedic routine . 
  point is that the convicted man in this case is n't just some rando writing silly shit on the internet , and he sure as hell is n't a comedian , nor was it even an attempt at comedy or satire . 
  it 's a bit more sinister than that . 
  he did get 12 years and tbs according to the article . 
  no further details . 
  i guess he was deemed fit enough to participate again . 
  i also guess it may have had some influence in the decision to find a way to charge him . 
  how much communist and anarchist terrorism was there really ? 
  red brigades , raf , those were the big names with real casualty lists . 
  vast majority of domestic terrorism casualties were secessionist stuff . 
  but those organizations mostly targeted government , security forces , politicians , journalists ... people actively engaged in the political maelstrom . 
  ira and eta had a habit of phoning in their bombs so areas could be evacuated . 
  manchester got a shiny new city centre out of that ; like a billion quid worth of damage , but no casualties . 
  that 's a very far cry from the jihadi methods of explicitly trying to kill as many random civilians as possible . 
  and when we 're actually comparing * civilian * casualties , the jihadis are close to , or already are , ` winning ' . 
  certainly on a per-year basis . 
  both are rotten fish , but they 're very different fish . 
  fight back how exactly ? 
  i bet i 'd feel mighty manly toiling away on the fields for 18 hours a day for my lord . 
  not to mention the great fun and banter to be had when levied into a peasant force and used with reckless abandon . 
  there 's a difference between saying someone is an asshole and saying someone is a rapist . 
  the context and details of the case make clear that this is n't just some random dude ` insulting ' the king and getting shafted for it . 
  according to the volkskrant ( pretty reputable ) , the man in question is a convicted murderer ( killed his wife ) and under investigation for being a security threat . 
  so ... yeah . 
  credible threat . 
  now now , wait a minute . 
  lets not pretend the guy charged wrote an eloquent essay for republicanism with some cheeky breeky insults added in . 
  he did not so much ` share his ideas ' as he was just flat out calling someone a rapist and a murderer . 
  i 've had to make this example a lot of times in this thread already , so here goes once more : if i go on facebook and i write : '' \\* ** elemmiretulcakelume 's real name here ** \\* is a murderer , a rapist and a thief '' accompanied by a photoshopped picture of your face on that of an isis victim about to be beheaded ... am i `` sharing my ideas '' or am i engaging in libel and threats ? 
  given the entire context of the thing , i would n't be too surprised . 
  libel would probably be a civil court case , but the photoshopped pictures would constitute a clear threat . 
  depending on an assesment of my personality and demeanour , i do n't think it 's out of the question , no . 
  also , the man who made the posts is a convicted murderer .
