  ca n't do that in nk . 
  if you want to argue that france has no freedom of speech in the context of the strict definition , then fine . 
  but you ca n't ignore the real world differences in degrees of freedom of speech . 
  maybe i * do n't * know indeed , but the question itself pretty much only has one answer which is no . 
  not even the much vaunted freedom of speech in the usa allows you say literally anything . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/threatening_the_president_of_the_united_states so to bring up the philosophical point spinoza made is , imho , completely irrelevant when we are talking about freedom of speech in the practical sense of today 's world . 
  i agree in the broad sense , but i would argue that what she said is very , very borderline when it comes to whether it is just an opinion or actually hate speech . 
  super hornet kind of makes the most sense for them right now . 
   you either have the freedom to speak your mind or you do n't . 
  it 's binary . 
  evidently , this christine boutin does not have that right . 
   i comprehend the point you 're making , that the french are not often limited in their speech , but if you were to ask whether a frenchman is always free to speak his mind , the answer to that question is clearly no . 
  it is only binary if you ask a loaded question such as ` can a frenchman always say whatever he wants ' . 
  the `` always '' matters an enormous deal in this question . 
  i understood it as that , i admit i was fairly puzzled as to what he was getting at at first , only understanding what he was referring to later . 
  regardless , bringing that up was still completely irrelevant to the debate , and i love how even after saying i would actually agree that those terms are overused by the ` regressive left ' , i still get downvoted into shit . 
  lovely reddit hivemind ... 
  if they are the same , then france and north korea would share the same amount , or lack thereof , of freedom of speech . 
  do they ? 
  so having some limitations on freedom of speech is literally just as bad as having none ? 
  this would mean that france and say ... north korea would share the same degree of freedom of speech , or lack thereof , non ? 
  go stand on the champs elysees and shout `` fuck le president ! '', 
  and then try the same in pyonggang and let me know how that works out . 
  yes , i realize this analogy is a tad hyperbole , but so is ` limited freedom of speech is the same as none !, 
  the taliban were n't a terrorist group . 
  they ran the country of afghanistan . 
  poorly , but for all intents and purposes they ran a nation state , or something resembling that . 
  with laws and police . 
  now , their laws were for a large part draconic and theocratical and they used their ` police ' to enforce them with equal draconic violence . 
  but every society does that ; we also , in our societies , have laws and if you break those laws , you will be sought and caught by the police , with violence if necessary . 
  the taliban merely enforced their laws with violence , just like any government on any level tries to do . 
  the difference between them and us or any other society lays within the laws themselves . 
  apart from rational things like ` murder is bad ' and ` do n't steal ' , the taliban had awful laws like severe punishment for listening to music or playing sports . 
  enforcing those laws with violence makes them horrible people . 
  calling christine boutin ( or for that matter , the sgp from my own country or any other bunch of indig religious lunatics ) a form of `` european taliban '' , calling the tea party republicans a form of `` american taliban '' is part exxageration , part decent analogy . 
  one can not deny that both groups share religious extremist views ( granted , the real taliban more so than boutin or the tea party ; probably ) that , when put in effect , would be detrimental to the quality of life of other people that might be under their rule . 
  do n't you think mrs. boutin , should she find herself in a position of power to do so , would re-criminalize homosexuality and enforce those laws through the police , possibly using violence as well ? 
  now , if boutin has said , at some point or another , that her views are * her views * and that she would never try to impose them on others through binding means , * then * i will swallow my words about her being french taliban . 
   one has to be violent to be a member of the taliban . 
  uuuh ... no they do n't ? 
  there 's no gang-style initiation rite where you get beat up or have to kill a guy ... 
  the funny thing is , if this topic was about an imam or muslim politician saying these things , i really really * really * fucking doubt / europe would be so pro 100 % freedom of speech ... 
   but from a christian/religious fundamentalist pov it is , from some pov 's the earth is round , lizard people did 9/11 and the moon landings are a hoax . 
  it does n't mean we should take those points seriously or that they are beyond ridicule or contempt . 
  a christian can believe homosexuality is a choice and that the cure is more prayer , but it does n't exactly mean they 're right . 
  why do you seem so fixated on the notion that one has to be violent in order to be an extremist or fundamentalist ? 
  would you not agree that the westboro baptist church is a fundamentalist hate group and a bunch of cunts ? 
   which is the same thing as having no freedom of speech at all are you serious ? 
  if a spade is a spade i 'm going to call that spade a spade . 
  if a religious zealot thinks homosexuality ( and by extension , homo 's , let 's not kid ourselves as to what boutin and others like her are actually trying to say ) is an abomination because something something god , then i 'm going to call that person a religious zealot , or a fundamentalist , or an extremist , * because she is one * . 
  sometimes racists are actually racists , and religious nutjobs are actually religious nutjobs . 
  this is judged on an individual basis !, 
  whereas fundamentalist like boutin make sweeping statements about groups of people . 
  so you are basically saying i should be tolerant of intolerance . 
  i should n't say bad things about the people who started saying bad things about other people . 
  let 's cast that into an islamic context and see what this hypocritical subreddit thinks then !, 
  that is technically correct . 
  i use dehumanising statements for people who , for no rational reason , harbour dehumanising views towards other people . 
  most people do that , btw . 
  like religious zealots , from whatever denomination . 
  i did not deny that all . 
  i was asked `` if i meant x , x and y '' . 
  i answered `` no '' , because i did not mean `` x , x and y '' . 
  i meant what i had written down . 
  what i think of the overuse of racist , fascist , nazi , or the fact that that even exists , is fully irrelevant when it comes to a religious fundamentalist saying homos ( exuality ) are/is an abomination . 
   p.s. 
  i brought up islam because when it comes to `` hate speech '' there seems to be a double standard for religions in general and islam in particular . 
  there absolutely is . 
  on both ends of the political spectrum . 
  right-wingers think everyone should be able to say anything , but get their panties in a very serious bunch everytime an imam opens his mouth , whilst left-wingers think that some populist right-wingers are the second coming of hitler , but do n't bat an eyelid when some underpriviliged minority religion spouts the most heinous shite . 
  you can see it on this subreddit even . 
   constantly calling someone a racist and fascist because they do n't agree with you is a dehumanisation process that results in people thinking it 's perfectly alright to absolutely hate those people and treat them as lesser and ( morally ) inferior beings . 
  and i am also against that , actually . 
  but the notion that those words are over-used does not mean there are n't actual extremists out there that need to be called out . 
  are daesh not violent extremists ? 
  is the wbc not a hate-group ? 
  is someone who hates all jews not a racist ? 
  the notion that the regressive left likes to yell `` wacist '' when someone says they 're not particularly keen on islam has very little to do with the borderline legal statements from our own european ` taliban ' when it comes to anti-gay sentiments . 
  yeah i 'm sure groups like the taliban and the westboro baptist church are just misunderstood and they do n't hate anyone at all . 
  calling extremist theocrats a bunch of extremist theocrats is just as bad as thinking gays are abominations . 
  you win the logic prize today ... 
  oh shit , how did i miss that ? 
  i am derp :( oh right , i though it said polanda and that it was polan . 
  kinda missed that polandia is a few further down :p, 
   that is a pseudoargument . 
  you can be married or even have sex without producing children in the present times , you know ? 
  `` boutin was born in levroux , indre . 
  she married her cousin louis boutin in 1967 with whom she had three children . '', 
  `` good morning everyone , and welcome to the friday prayers at the al snackbar mosque . 
  it is my opinion that all non-muslims are kuffar swine that need to be murdered '' . 
  see how long that flies , either in europe or the states ... 
  it 's part of the dehumanization process that fundamentalists and extremists like to use . 
  abomination , kuffar , defiant against god , whatever term they use , the intention is more or less the same . 
  edit : i love how this is getting downvoted . 
  i wonder what the reactions would be when a radical imam in , say , hamburg , would state that being non-muslim is an abomination , and i had posted the exact same comment saying that even though he does n't attack individuals , it 's part of a dehumanization program . 
  would i 've been downvoted then ? 
  :p https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2up1o8/wives_cant_refuse_sex_imam_tells_berlin_mosque/ look at r/europe in full support of this imam 's right to freedom of speech !, 
  according to the article , the imam , as disgusting as his actual words were , did not call upon men to actually rape their wives . 
  he did not word-for-word incite violence , yet the vast majority of commenters immediately took it as such and started combing the german law to see if he could , should be charged with inciting violence . 
  the top post in that thread , nearly 200 upvotes , states that the imam incited violence ( though , word-for-word , he did not seem to have done that ) and is somewhat looking forward to him getting punished .
