  maybe our romanian friends can link up with the fbi and tag-team the shit out of blatter & co ? 
  damn , even the guardian is writing articles like this now ? 
  people are waking up , it seems . 
  at least it would stop the government from reading my mind !, 
  central europe gets a lot less humid , though . 
  maybe you 're just good with heat and you have awoken your inner negro . 
  my own inner negro is sadly on holiday in the caribbean i think , so i just keep melting . 
  i 'm on the second floor of an older building . 
  insulation here was meant to keep the heat in during winter . 
  not keep it out in summer no airco :( lots of windows on the southside . 
  rip me for the last few days, 
  military draft in the netherlands has been ` suspended ' in the early 2000s . 
  the appropriate response . 
  fuck terrorism , have another drink . 
  i wonder how many of those are legitimately disillusioned with isis and what they saw in the ` caliphate ' . 
  i can certainly imagine many of them expected very different things over there . 
  of course , it only takes a handful of hardliner psycho 's to cause a massive headache ... 
  the idiots wanting to ban the koran or ban islam outright are no better than extremist muslims , but extra hypocritical because they like they talk about western values , yet squander them at the first opportunity . 
  go fuck yourself, 
  we lot were just very good at the whole colonizing business !, 
  do n't hate the playa , hate the game !, 
  whatever makes you feel better about your own racism , man . 
  so what if i was jewish ? 
  or black ? 
  would that make a difference ? 
  would that somehow make what i said more or less true ? 
  more or less racist ? 
  i 'm well educated in history and european colonialism . 
  for you to point at that period of european history and go ` oooi , see , they 're all racist ' is disingenuous and racist as fuck . 
  but you wo n't see that as racism , of course . 
  brown people ca n't be racist . 
  again , ultimate posterboy of my argument . 
  european society = inherently racist , so you ca n't be racist against them . 
  that 's literally what you 've been saying here . 
  dear god . 
  why do n't you go back to pakistan if it 's so horrible here , then ? 
  fuck off , racist . 
  you 're trying to condense thousands of years of european culture into ` based upon hating non-whites ' . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  that is * literally * the most racist thing i 've read this week . 
  you are the posterboy of my argument . 
  mate , i appreciate the long and well-written reply and with some i think we could have a good and respectful debate on where i could clarify some of my positions and use better and less vague terms and phrases , but i honestly , honestly could not go on after this : '' the same ca n't be said about white britain which was built on the exploitation of other people globally through colonial power . '', 
  you are effectively reducing not only white britons but white europeans into a strictly colonial , imperialist identity , with all the stereotypes that come attached with that . 
  and that , my friend , is actually pretty fucking racist . 
  and i am definitely very much done with this conversation before i lose my virtual temper . 
  i want to thank you once again for proving my point about how many immigrants do n't think they themselves can be racist , yet retroactively revert any argument back about something something colonialism . 
  no , thanks . 
  you 're a fucking racist . 
  in western countries those are all counted as sexual violence . 
  but in the mores of some other societies , marital rape does n't even exist . 
  so the chance of women reporting that , even if the legal means are available , are extremely low . 
  `` can into math '' is polandballspeak , i see you 're not familiar with it . 
  that 's fine , i wo n't hold that against you . 
  i fully explained my point to the other guy just a few minutes ago . 
  i never said anything about ethnicity . 
  it 's about the country they 're from and the culture they and/or their parents grew up in . 
  you are reading ethnicity into it . 
  okay , so we have an incident in finland , done by somali immigrant ( 1st or 2nd , generally irrelevant right now ) youths . 
  a sexual crime against a lone woman . 
  media reports it with the usual degree of inaccuracy . 
  on reddit , user with a dutch flag expresses no surprise that this specific type of criminal act in finland was done by somalis . 
  take note of the wording here . 
  many people accuse this user of being racist . 
  helped by the fact that the dutch flag makes most assume that user is white ( which makes sense ofc , statistically ) . 
  any responses from user about how somalia is a country in a really really bad place for the last x decades are brushed aside . 
  `` racist ! '' . 
  on the other end of the north sea , we have the rotherham scandal . 
  google it quickly if you do n't know about it . 
  thousands of children were abused by a bunch of sick fucks of pakistani descent . 
  most of the victims were of ethnic white british descent . 
  barely any suggestions about this being a possible hate-crime were levied . 
  stick with me here . 
  let 's turn it around . 
  pedo ring of creepy white men sexually exploit thousands of predominantly x ( muslim , african , asian , whatever ) ethnicity . 
  how fast do you think it will take for any accuations of racism to be thrown around ? 
  now , i hope you 're still with me , because we 're coming to the part where i make my point . 
  about the double standard . 
  dutch guy saying negative thing about specifically somalis ? 
  many accusations of racism . 
  is user actually really a racist ? 
  for me to know for you to guess , regardless , it 's unclear . 
  amount of racist allegations ? 
  at least 50 % . 
  paki pedo ring exploiting mainly white girls . 
  racism ? 
  hate-crime ? 
  probably not . 
  just sick , uneducated backwards pedo cunts who took any victim they could get . 
  but how many accusations of racism ? 
  barely any . 
  and when flipped around , the white pedo ring abusing scores of muslim children ? 
  how quick do you think it would take for accusations of racism to start flying then ? 
  i 'd say 2 minutes and 90 % . 
  well , that was the eli5 . 
  i do n't really expect you to respond gratiously to it . 
  probably a ` fu racist cunt ' or something like that . 
  that 's fine . 
  my expectations are set low . 
  but now i 've explained my point to you and there 's no possible way you can misconstrue . 
  well , wilders in general is a bit of an idiot , i do n't disagree with that notion at all .
