  like i said somewhere else , the man does not offer solutions , in a way he 's part of the problem . 
  but himself and his popularity are a sympton that we can not ignore . 
  nor can we simply dismiss it as `` oh those people are just being racist assholes '' . 
  no , you do not understand the point otherwise you would 've never have written the replies that you did . 
  i would ask of you that you think about it again , otherwise there 's no other option for me to eli5 for you . 
  but somalia * is * a war torn country . 
  it is implied to anyone who knows anything about somalia . 
  why would i need to obfuscate that ? 
  you honestly do not understand the point i 'm trying to make , but you are incredibly good at proving it . 
  i 'd like to explain it to you , but i fear you 'll just label me as a condenscending racist if i try to do so . 
  it seems you did not understand my previous comment . 
  christian culture i would describe as the stranglehold christianity had on politics and society and morals during the medieval times and early renaissance . 
  it took the enlightenment for most of europe to shake it off and even then it took a while . 
  islam is a highly political religion . 
  authoritarian , absolute . 
  its impact on culture has been and still is very large . 
  although it has to be said that there are indeed aspects from certain cultures which are misunderstood as being islamic in nature , such as female circumcision , or to give it its proper name , genital mutilation , as it is a regional custom that precedes islam by a fair bit . 
  however , to claim that islam does not leave deep and absolute imprints on the cultures where it has been prevelant for a long time is disingenuous , especially regarding the treatment of women . 
  i will immediately concede that `` islamic culture '' is a vague term that 's best not used , but i think we all know what i meant with it in this context . 
  strict shari'a law makes an undeniable impression on culture and societal mores . 
  well , they are somalians . 
  somalia is a war-torn country . 
  can you into math ? 
  keep labeling everything as racist , mate . 
  it 's a great two-in-one after all . 
  you get to ignore the problem * and * inject a dose of moral superiority . 
  win-win !, 
  not sure where to place this comment ... either your internet tone game is weak or your duality confusion game is very strong ... 
  `` it 's not a hate crime , it 's just paedophilia , stop trying to make everything about race . '', 
  ha , thank you for proving exactly my point , 
  hitler hated jews , gypsies ( roma , sinti ) , slavs and to a lesser extent , blacks and arabs . 
  that 's more or less half the world . 
  quite a different thing from europe 's mounting dislike of certain aspects of the muslim immigrant communities , while having no problem with practically anyone else . 
  i do agree that wilders could 've done it a lot better . 
  for example by including other real world example of critical ( and possibly very ` offensive ' ) cartoons aimed at other religions , politicians , etc and explaining that within the political cartoon arena , ` nothing is holy ' . 
  that should , hopefully , alleviate sentiments that it 's specifically against islam a little bit . 
  but it wo n't make a difference for the hardliners , who believe that any depection of muhammad or even criticism of islam is worthy of death . 
  good man . 
  integration succesfull . 
  g'luck with ramadan  edit : lmao @ this being downvoted . 
  how would you respond after being called ` racist ' for the 40th time over an insignificant thing , by a person who then immediately starts spouting all kinds of generalizations about `` white people this , white people that '' . 
  racism comes from everywhere and every human is racist to a certain degree , but the only people ever accused of racism anymore these days are white people . 
  but calling the rotherham pedophile ring , an organization of pakistani brits collectively abusing thousands ( ! ), 
  of predominantly white children a hate-crime ? 
  god , that 's almost racist in itself these days !, 
  imagine a white european pedo ring deliberately targeting young muslim immigrant children for sexual abuse . 
  `` hate crime '' and `` racism '' would be the most used words for 5 years . 
  it 's the double standard that 's pissing me off . 
  that 's racist !, 
  during the wave of left-extremist terrorism in europe ( raf etc ) , extremist leftism was definitely very much crusaded against . 
  this was the cold war era , anything that smelled of communism was suspicious . 
  and c'mon , mocking all religions has been a fucking staple of western secular society since the enlightenment . 
  these muslim kids only need to read one newspaper to see plenty of cartoons criticising any other religion or organisation . 
  to feel selectively persecuted in this context really is fucking bullshit and victimisation of the highest degree . 
  in fact , it is something many people have said from the start of the danish cartoons affair . 
  `` it 's not against islam , we do this against everybody !, 
  have n't you been paying attention ?! '', 
  given the way islamic culture deals with * potential * rape , not to mention marital rape , i would honestly be very , very fucking surprised if the unreported numbers were somehow lower on the migrant side of things . 
  unreported rape and sexual assault is a massive problem in any society , but how exactly does one think a male-centric ` shame and honour ' culture deals with it compared to a more open european society ? 
  the mental gymnastics are very real . 
   but i wo n't be surprised or pay attention to you when you get the reaction you want . 
  first they came for the socialists and i did not speak out , for i was not a socialist ... 
  cheers , i 'll add it to my collection of insults-hurled-at-me . 
  the racist box is right next to the ` leftist apologist traitor ' box . 
  it feels good to be in the middle . 
  you never heard of the rotherham scandal ? 
  i have and i 'm not even british . 
  the accusation bothers me when it 's hurled at your people and culture constantly for literally everything . 
  any time a migrant european does n't get his or her way , the racism sirens start blaring and the white guilt engine is cranked up to 10 . 
  what people like you are not realising is that the over-use of labeling something as racist is completely devalueing the term ` racism ' . 
  many immigrants know about the welfare states of many european countries . 
  their poor understanding about this leads them to believe it 's free money . 
  their poor understanding of european economy has them think they can do well-paid jobs here . 
  it 's both of those combined . 
  because the accusation is levelled at us consistently these days , just like you are doing right now with that last sentence . 
  as a british pakistani , how about the rotherham scandal ? 
  can we call that a racially motivated hate-crime too then ? 
  equal standards ... 
  i pointed out it 's about a culture shift , he responded to that by basically saying ` it 's a load of crap ' . 
  that 's a bullshit response and for all intents and purposes , the debate died right there with him , not with me . 
  yeah , pretty fucking idiotic how that turned out . 
  but hey , being seen as a - phobe is the far left 's greatest worry these days apparently , so do whatever you can to make sure you think of everyone else as racist , that means you possibly ca n't be one . 
  exactly . 
  so trying to strawman an argument about ` raping * our * women ' into my mouth to make me seem extra racist is some ( pseudo ) intellectual dishonesty of aaa quality . 
  that 's a lot of crap . 
  this has absolutely no base whatsoever and it is n't the goal of this at all . 
  edit : you were right !, 
  this method you taught me is great . 
  i 've managed to make you leave within 3 posts with it . 
  that 's a lot of crap . 
  this has absolutely no base whatsoever and it is n't the goal of this at all . 
  did i do better this time ? 
  `` our women '' ? 
  maybe in this case in finland , but who do you think the vast majority of rape victims by immigrant hands are ? 
  dutch ? 
  germans ? 
  other immigrants . 
  and you know what ? 
  that shit needs to stop . 
  i do n't give a particular shit * who * they are raping , so so much for my ` racism ' in this case of ` them vs. ` our ' women ',
