  fact is , that country has been in a very poor state for a long time . 
  civil war , famine , split country with warlords everywhere , no economy to speak of , serious case of religious extremism . 
  an environment like that does not breed balanced people . 
  it has nothing to do with who they intrinsically are , but with the environment they came from . 
  ignoring that is just naive . 
  i do not know how to solve it 1-2-3 . 
  unfortunately , such wisdom is beyond me . 
  what i do know , however , is that first we must all openly recognize the problem , not shy away from it out of a fear that we 'll be seen as ` racist ' , courtesy of the \u00fcber-pc wave that 's been lapping around for a few years now . 
  it 's like the south park episode with the migrants from the future . 
  and i think the painful and somewhat awkward realization needs to sink in that people from certain cultural and religious backgrounds are simply less compatible with western values ` straight out of the box ' . 
  funny , though , if europe is so racist against non-euro 's , why is no one here hating chinese people ? 
  damn chinese people !, 
  coming over here , working hard , bringing their delicious food with them , causing no problems ... or the fucking vietnamese !, 
  with their ... eggroll stands and ... polite mentality ... or those goddamn poles !, 
  ruining everyone 's lives here by ... y' know , being quite good at re-doing your bathroom and good quality plumbing ... eeeeeh ... the virulent hatred against ... colombians ? 
  the poor expat russians who are beaten up everyday on the streets of london and berlin ? 
  i do n't think i 've seen anyone blaming random somalis for this crime . 
  what i have been seeing , however , is people saying that crimes such as this are perpetrated by somalis and other ( islamic ) migrants disproportionately so . 
  and that this issue should be recognized and attempts made to solve it . 
  apparently , that 's stupidity and racist now . 
  interesting . 
  getting offended every once in a while is part of life . 
  deal with it . 
  somalia has been a wartorn country for a long time now . 
  in addition to that there 's been famine and a buttload of religious extremism . 
  if you think circumstances like that produce well-balanced people who are able to seamlessly integrate into western society , you 've got another thing coming . 
  i liked how you immediately went wah-wah and rang the racist bell , though . 
  that 's very typical . 
  shitty men with shitty attitudes tend to be produced by lawless , misogynistic cultures . 
  somalia reporting for duty , sir . 
  `` the court lowered the penalty for the trio due to the exceptional publicity which the case was accorded . 
  according to legal assistants , the accused were threatened . 
  one of the perpetrators has been going to a school far away due to security reasons and one fears walking outside '' fucking bullshit . 
  i can think of another person from that story who now fears walking outside !, 
  this faux sympathy for dangerous criminals because of public outrage at their heinous deeds needs to stop . 
  that looks fucking sexy, 
  never seen that docu . 
  makes the hair on your neck stand up ... 
  exactly . 
  thinking something is one thing , wanting to act on it is entirely an other . 
  yes , those are the obvious alternatives for mandatory service for conscientious objectors . 
  i would support that . 
  and for what it 's worth , conscripts should obviously not be sent to war zones and active foreign deployments . 
  that should be left to the professionals who signed on voluntarily . 
  it 's changing , though . 
  more and more people see that it 's not just the extreme-right blowing smoke , but that there is a legitimate problem with islam in the west . 
  malm\u00f6 , not surprised . 
  ahahahaha , the stormfront troops . 
  sure , buddy , i 've voted socialists all my life , i 'm a pretty leftish guy , but keep convincing yourself that everyone who does n't share your pov must be a bigoted racist stormfronter . 
  a really healthy way to look at life like that , dude , lel . 
  and the sgp is rightly seen as a bunch of medieval theocracists who are only supported by the very elderly and very brainwashed . 
  it 's a crumbling little bulwark , that . 
  you want the latest isis atrocity update or something ? 
  i never said or even really implied it defines their whole culture . 
  but by this point i 'd say it 's no longer a negligible minority . 
  it 's still a minority , but it 's too large for comfort . 
  not in the least place for other muslims . 
  you 're definitely right about that part . 
  i dunno , many of these young people tempted by radicalisation are people who feel left out of society . 
  having them cooperate and work with other people during conscription might change everyone 's views of each other and make them realize they 're not so different . 
  i 'm not that against it . 
  i escaped mandatory service myself , but looking back at it , it might 've done me some good . 
  imo mandatory military service is n't so much about soldiering , but about learning young people some ( not too much !, 
  :d ) discipline and most of all , cooperation under adverse conditions and working towards a common goal . 
  that 's how you breed group spirit . 
  well , some obviously do . 
  as is evidenced by the amount of terror attacks they carry out . 
  so when did einstein cameron figure this out ? 
  atat\u00fcrk just spun an additional 37 degrees in his grave . 
  it 's an invasion only in name and adherence to a strict definition . 
  as i already said , it 's not a traditional invasion against an unwilling enemy . 
  what i always found hilarious is that ` we ' finally had a dutchman on the throne of a great power , and just a year later he gets bill-of-rightsed up the bollocks . 
  missed opportunities xd, 
  a typical invasion means invading against the will of the invadees . 
  the invadees did n't fight the invaders here . 
  they welcomed them . 
  to call the whole business a ` succesful invasion ' without any caveats is misrepresenting things . 
  not our best moment . 
  well , if you * have * to go kebab , turks are the best choice . 
  as long as they keep the spirit of atat\u00fcrk stronk . 
  ( srsly , that guy was amazing ), 
  atat\u00fcrk has by now been turning in his grave so much , he rolled out of his coffin i 'm sure . 
  qatar for sure , that has always been a bullshit affair . 
  russia , mixed feelings . 
  the one very legitimate complaint imho are the distances involved . 
  we all know how the organizations like to spread the matches around the country , even within one group . 
  it 's not going to be feasible for fans to travel to a for two of their group matches , then 500km to b for the third , then 1400km to c for the 2nd round and an additional 1150km the other way to d for the 1/8th final . 
  there is a way around that with proper organization and some common sense , though . 
  and russia at least is a large footballing nation , with an obvious history and affinity for the game . 
  same can not be said of qatar . 
  at all . 
  qatar is scheduled for 2022 , today is june 2015 . 
  seven years to go . 
  a highly industrialized nation with good infrastructure can set up a wc in less than half that should the need arise , i 'm betting . 
  probably even less . 
  `` truth is often stranger than fiction '', 
  pretty solid questions from the yoghurt people . 
  better than our `` why is russia so big ? 
  '' , that 's for damn sure ... 
  yeah , thought about it .
