  wait , so when the eu does n't bend over backwards to give the uk a new favourable deal , although the uk chose , very loudly , to leave because eu is a disaster , 350m to the nhs , the elites in brussels , rah rah rah , that makes the eu spiteful , authoritarian assholes ? 
  ** what ?? 
  hardcore nazi apologism by an afd prominent . 
  and then they get mad when you call them a bunch of neo 's ... 
  supreme matriarch booty mcbootyface . 
  dude volunteers to work at an asylum center and you 're in here straight up calling him selfish . 
  have you no fucking shame ? 
  stuck in limbo . 
  ca n't go back . 
  ca n't start building a new life yet either . 
  meanwhile , in the netherlands , wind and rain followed by a sunny afternoon . 
  our weather is bi-polar . 
  i bet myself a glass of cold milk that you 're a t_d poster with that thinly veiled ` muh white genocide ' remark . 
  i am now enjoying a glass of cold milk . 
  first you say it 's a 4-chan troll and 11 minutes later you claim it 's the intelligence agencies doing a hit job . 
  c'mon , trumplet , which is it ? 
  r e a c h i n g stop looking for reasons to be angry and self-victimize so much . 
  the student union , as young students tend to be , might be a little overzealous , but they have a point , and ideally the school sits down with them , they exchange views , they reach a compromise , and everybody learned something . 
  instead , you 're latching on to a singular instance of fucking quote marks to play your ` they hate us because we 're white ' jingle . 
  it 's boring . 
  heard it before . 
  ur-fascist reactionism . 
  stop self-victimizing . 
  it 's incredibly unbecoming . 
  you snowflake . 
  so you 're basing your entire case off of one instance of quote marks ? 
  bah gawd , that 's even dumber . 
  you 're just searching for a reason to validate your anger . 
  typical . 
  you 're basing an entire case off of your own interpretation of a two word phrase that can be interpreted in multiple ways . 
  then you belittle me for a lack of linguistic understanding . 
  `` so called '' can be taken ironically and literally . 
  you 're basing your entire case on what you presume is the intended gist . 
  that 's an incredibly weak case . 
  your entire argument for your ` anti-enlightenment ' claim hinges on the fact that they wrote ` so called ' ?? 
  \\* dies laughing * that 's the weakest case i 've read all week . 
   if that is n't anti-enlightenment i do n't know what is because enlightenment philosophers were from europe , that 's where it happened . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/018/489/nick-young-confused-face-300x256_nqlyaa.jpg ) so that site confirms that the student union thinks that a school that focuses on asia and africa should teach philosophy from predominantly that pov ? 
  shocking . 
  and you read anti-enlightenment in that ?!, 
  it seems to me that you 're already angry , and you 're just looking for a reason to validate your anger . 
  you 're reaching . 
  massively so . 
  which part ? 
  i 'm on it now and ca n't find anything that says that . 
  i surely expected to find something like you claimed under their ` core values ' , but instead that says :  `` promoting equality and celebrating diversity soas is above all else an intimate single community , one that celebrates diversity and is respectful and collegial . 
  soas ' diverse population is one of its greatest strengths . 
  equality of opportunity is at the core of all the school 's activities . 
   freedom of speech and tolerance soas is committed to the pursuit and dissemination of knowledge . 
  this can only be conducted effectively in an atmosphere of open enquiry , mutual tolerance and intellectual freedom . 
  in practice this means that we acknowledge the paramount importance of freedom of expression . 
  however , freedom of expression may not be exercised to threaten the safety or freedom of expression of others . 
   promoting cultural understanding soas is committed to fostering broad cultural understanding in the uk and in the world at large . 
   ethical standards soas will maintain the highest ethical standards in all of its dealings and foster the values of openness , honesty , tolerance , fairness and responsibility in all areas . 
   excellence soas is committed to striving for excellence in all its activities . 
   community soas recognises that its greatest assets are its staff and students . 
  we will strive to create an atmosphere of community , collegiality and cooperation for all staff and students . 
   evaluation and self-reflection soas believes that it must be honest with itself . 
  we are committed to regular monitoring , evaluation and review of all our activities , procedures and processes . 
   transparency and accountability it is important that decisions within soas are consistent , are made on the basis of the best available evidence and that good quality information is shared widely with an emphasis on transparency . 
  we aspire to exemplary standards of governance in all that we do . 
   environment soas will actively seek to embed good environmental practice at an institutional level and will demonstrate a firm commitment to reducing energy consumption . 
  does n't sound particularly anti-enlightenment to me , so maybe you could direct me to the relevant parts where such a bold , bold claim is made ? 
   i was ready to rant when i saw the headline too , because i imagined it is like those voices asking for the n-word to be removed from huckleberry finn instead of reading that story critically . 
  but this story is nothing like that . 
  i get their decolonisation argument . 
  literally exactly the same for me . 
  read the headline , thought `` wtf is this shite ?!, 
  '' , ready to get all outraged , then read the article and came away with `` eh , they got a point '' . 
  fucking headline cancer tho . 
  expected better from the telegraph . 
   but they do n't require anti-intellectualism and the rejection of modern philosophy or the enlightenment ahahahahaha , what !? 
  i 'm not going to spend more energy on this conversation . 
  from the name it seems like it 's a pretty specific school though . 
  i 'd imagine it focuses on the geographically relevant parts of larger disciplines . 
  so their philosophy class focuses on philosophy from ` their ' perspective . 
  otherwise i see very little point to that school existing as it does in the first place . 
  why have a school for african and asian studies if it 's going to teach philosophy exactly the same way as all the other educational institutes in the west ?? 
  so a european educational institution should always shoehorn in ` european thought ' even when there is very little or disproportionally little relevance ? 
  just because european or something ? 
  a school about * asian and african * studies should n't teach philosophy from a largely asian and african point of view because ... . ? 
  `` european '' ? 
  no , it 's the article that is denying the context and possibly even guilty of hyping up the headline . 
  not quite sure how much the article dresses up the outrage , but . .  `` the student union at the school of oriental and african studies ( soas ) insists that when studying philosophy `` the majority of philosophers on our courses '' should be from africa and asia . '', 
  they kind of have a point . 
  the headline ` because they are white ' seems a bit disingenuous given the context . 
  if a course about philosophy from certain parts of the world teaches very little about philosophers from those parts of the world ... well yeah , that is a bit weird , is n't it ? 
  well , that escalated medically ... 
  if there was a prize awarded for false equivalency of the week , you just won it . 
  soaping up your ass crack whilst belting out eddy wally ( rip ) , i bet . 
  what ? 
  and not the politicians who implemented the trickle down policies and said the same thing ? 
  what is this ridiculous blame-shifting ? 
  a large part of them have been voting against their economical self-interest for decades because they were busy playing christian american identity politics and getting pandered to on that tip . 
  meanwhile , the republicans pretty much tried to buttfuck any plan aimed towards helping working class people . 
  they flat out played 6 years of obstructionism during obama 's term . 
  and then the frustrated people reward * that * with a vote ? 
  i mean ... call it what you will , but i 'm not `` pc '' , so i ` ma call it what it is : fucking retarded . 
  it 's part of the problem . 
  but if you are left without any attractive furniture deals , do you wait it out or burn your house down ?
