  increased investigations all of a sudden ? 
  a surprising scandal at the last minute ? 
  these things are not outside of the realm of possibilities ... the usa is n't immune to this . 
  i do n't rule out the possibility of trump burning out during his first term . 
  i 'm not quite sure if he realizes the magnitude of the job before him . 
  unless he flies around on af1 golfing with world leaders and leaves the actual work to pence and his lizard circle , of course . 
  then america is * really * fucked . 
  it 's certainly not a majority but a large part of your country seems to be on the page of `` yaaay !, 
  freedom !, 
  but only for people like us . . '', 
  actually , when i wrote new-right , i 'm putting that quite separate from the traditional working class . 
  the traditional working class is still best pandered to with traditional social conservatism which has worked there for decades . 
  not the neo-reactionism of the largely millennial new/alt-right . 
  although the traditional conservative elements still get triggered to all hell and back with silly shit such as the war on christmas . 
  they really like their safe spaces as well . 
   people in your position never do because it must never be acknowledged that you are punching downwards lmmfao , you think i 'm sipping fine wine from my castle whilst a servant rubs my feet or some shit ? 
  i wish . 
  i 'm not the rich , i 'm not the wealthy . 
  but that would n't fit your ` enemy ' narrative . 
   but how are they voting against their self-interest ? 
  did you read the article i mentioned ? 
  the average working american would have more to gain by stealing a candy bar from the local store than voting for hillary clinton . 
  her policies are centrist at best , practically right-wing . 
  how is that in the interest of the working class ? 
  how could any working person being enthused by policies like that ? 
  mwoah , that 's up for debate . 
  but the main thing to take away here is a republican platform generally ends up being much worse . 
  for the white working class in america , economically speaking , it 's been a choice between the lesser of two evils for decades . 
   you say that sanders pushed her to the left ( only true for the primaries , in the emails she explicitly mentions her plan to return to the centre after the dnc ) and that she had `` the most progressive platform ever '' ( she was right of obama and was about as trustworthy as trump when it came to ideological integrity ) but none of that addressed any of the legitimate concerns felt by trump supporters or even sanders supporters . 
  she was right of obama on certain points , left of obama on certain points . 
  with bernie behind it , at least it would 've been one of the most progressive platforms ever , i 'm sure you 'll agree with that . 
  and yes , underrepresenting for the white working class is a mistake that the clinton campaign made . 
   this is precisely what sanders managed to do . 
  he energised the working class as a unit , regardless of race . 
  he dominated the states the trump edged in the election . 
  but it was her turn so the dnc worked to undermine his campaign and even launched smears against him for his popularity among the white working class ( berniebros ) . 
  well , i disagree here on a few counts . 
  first , that though bernie certainly appealed much better to the wwc than hillary , the republicans would 've had a potential field day with bernie 's ` socialist ' leanings . 
  that moniker still carries a lot of negative weight in america . 
  would he have done better ? 
  as far as demo primaries went , i think far too many people are too hung up on that . 
  bernie lost by * millions * of votes . 
  let 's not forget he was practically an independent running against a 48 yr party veteran . 
  the real failure is that berniebros did n't fucking vote in the primaries to support him , not the `` dnc rigging '' we 've been hearing so much about . 
   did it never occur to you that maybe their hatred is justified ( it is ) and that in their desperation they turned to the only other alternative ? 
  clinton is a terrible person and a terrible politician for working people , so terrible that her own supporters were n't bothered showing up to vote for her and millions more voted specifically to spite her . 
  why is their hatred of clinton justified ? 
  why do people think she is soooo much worse than your run of the mill republican career politician ? 
  and please do n't give me a gish gallop about she 's ` paid by qatar through her foundation ' or anything like that , we 've been having a way too good conversation for that so far . 
  i realize fully that clinton embodies a current establishment politician , and i agree with that . 
  i 'm a european social-democrat , for wodan 's sake . 
  i do n't like the collusion of business and politics at all . 
  but i also realize that hillary is in no way unique or even an egregious offender in this . 
  it 's just what politics are these days . 
  and it 's fine to be against that . 
  but to be against that and vote trump , of all people , and his political support , of all people , thinking you 're going to get anti-establishmentarianism ? 
  * that * , my friend , is what truly boggles my mind . 
   so that makes it okay ? 
  his policies have ruined the lives of millions of people and sewn generational discord within working class communities , particularly with black people . 
  and he certainly was n't a `` hippie '' , more people were incarcerated during his term than any other presidency ( and it 's not even close ) . 
   republican economics continued just fine under clinton . 
  after all he was the guy who boasted about `` ending welfare '' and set up nafta . 
  these are fundamentally right-wing policies , a total betrayal of the working class . 
  just like how in britain thatcher proclaimed tony blair 's ` third way ' politics as her greatest achievement , bill clinton 's policies were a direct and faithful continuation of the reagan era . 
  hey , i never claimed third way democrats were the heroes of the working class . 
  i 'm just saying they were a helluva lot better than anything the republicans did or had planned . 
   but they did n't just ridicule him they also ridiculed and insulted his supporters . 
  they completely dismissed any notion that trump supporters could have legitimate concerns or that there was anything wrong with the status quo ( `` this country is already great '' ) . 
  trump was the villain and his supporters were brainless zombies who could n't think for themselves and ` voted against their best interests ' ( lol ) . 
  there was no honest attempt to win anyone over . 
  here 's a good article ( written before the election ) that analyses the liberal attitudes that repel working voters and have directly contributed to the ongoing rise of the populist right . 
  not saying smug liberalism does n't exist , but at some point people are just going to get burned out though . 
  how many times can you try to convince people to not vote against their self-interest and watch them do it anyway before you call them a bunch of morons ? 
  i mean , it certainly would n't be wrong to say that the white working class was underrepresented in recent democratic platforms , but how do they even begin to reach back out to a demographic that has been pandered to on a socially conservative tip for decades ? 
  that 's hard !, 
  and then you had this clusterfuck of a trump campaign , which by its very nature had everyone focusing on the outrageousness of it all , utterly and completely drowning out any talk of policies . 
  i think the dems * did * have an honest attempt to win people over , despite the underrepresentation of the working class . 
  with bernie having pushed the platform so far to the left and ready to nip at hillary 's heels to keep her honest , there was the possibility for the most progressive platform ever that would have the result of helping the white working class more than they realized . 
  but the maelstrom of insanity made any policy talk sound like a child singing in a hurricane ; drowned out . 
  and the working class chose to believe the snake oil salesman , despite all his hilariously obvious flaws , to spite the woman that a lot of them had been trained to hate . 
  i mean , shit , at some point i can not help but be smug as i watch these idiots walk hand-in-hand towards their own self-inflicted demise . 
  and i know * that * sounds smug as well . 
  but fuck pc-culture though . 
  calling it as i see it . 
  it 's the best term by far i 've heard for it , but honesty compels me to say i did n't come up with it . 
  i saw it used on reddit and immediately adopted it . 
  never said a word about the working class in my previous comment , but whatever , you seem to be enjoying yourself with your strawman . 
  can you rephrase your argument without the r/iamverysmart speak ? 
  what ? 
  i mean , unless you wish to explain to me how the most watched news channel in the us , fox news , is ` liberal ' . 
  i 'm all ears , homeboy . 
  the original deus ex is an absolute recommendation , even in 2016 . 
  just got ta get past the clunky graphics . 
  but the story and atmosphere are fucking ace . 
  in any case , i would n't be that against experimenting with ai , but it 's also a bit scary . 
  how do you educate a machine on principles of emotion and humanity ? 
  there 's a good reason why some of the world 's leading scientists and intellectuals warn of the dangers that ai might pose . 
  the thing is that the media landscape in the us is far from monolithic . 
  there 's the mainstream media , corporate controlled , who are really only interested in ratings . 
  then there 's the other parts .
