  there 's a professional responsibility to deliver the product you 're claiming to sell . 
  simple as that . 
  a newspaper is not a person , a journalist reporting facts is supposed to report facts , not untruths . 
   you are n't going to stop isis by halting refugees or forcing indoctrination programs , assimilation & terrorism are two fundamentally different issues , the latter of which has nothing to do with the average muslim . 
  you wo n't stop the root cause of isis ideology with better assimilation programs , no , but better assimilation programs would ensure fewer ` parellel societies ' and us v. them thinking amongst immigrant groups , which can be an important factor in the radicalization process . 
  you 're not going to stop isis , no , but saying they 're completely unreleated is n't totally true either . 
  a newspaper or outlet is not just a person , however . 
  they are selling a product based on expectations of truthful reporting . 
  the press has a responsibility to inform correctly . 
  if an agency does not adhere to those principles , i think it 's excellent that they can be punished . 
  there 's a massive difference in private and governmental funding . 
  i 'm wondering which is the one you are alluding to . 
  a large amount of people are unable to separate the saudi government from elements of the saudi public . 
   that the westboro baptist church ( more liberal than vast majority of muslims ) eeeh , i think you seriously underestimating the wbc . 
  and no , i 'm not underestimating the majority of muslims on my turn , the wbc really is absolutely fucking bonkers . 
  they are taliban levels of fundamentalism , they just do n't really have the opportunity to get violent about it . 
  if what you say is true , there is no need for the constant and incessant islamic justifications to ratify the things they do . 
  so ... why is it then that their motivations and actions are absolutely drenched in islamic and jihadist theology and ideology ? 
  if it 's just political they do n't need that shit . 
  if it 's an identifying factor , they do n't need that shit . 
  so why do they do it ? 
  what do you mean country that did 9/11 ? 
  saudi arabia `` did '' 9/11 ? 
  a lot of the hijackers were saudis , yes , but how does that make the country responsible for 9/11 ? 
  the sad thing is that a lot of marocs here actually have berber roots . 
  woah , that 's embarrassing, 
   i totally agree that sa should be isolated by the west that is * literally * the biggest gift the west can give to islamists and jihadists . 
  that mutual influences are not an adequate explanation to support the hypothesis that arabs and muslims are unhappy because of the west . 
  you 're a moral relativist of the highest order and frankly , you scare me a little bit . 
   get informed you fucking fools . 
  ha , so if the west is the big boogy man here , why do the vast majority of terror attacks resulting in civvy deaths take place in the middle east , against their own people ? 
  what did the yezidis do ? 
  are they a mighty instrument of western divide and conquer now ? 
  because that 's news to me . 
  and to the yezidis undoubtedly . 
  couple days ago they attacked the crowds at a football match in iraq . 
  what the actual fuck does that have to do with the west , hm ? 
  your explanation of things makes me laugh , because i do n't think you fully realize what you are implying by bandying this hypothesis around . 
  it 's ethno-centric and racist . 
  yes , racist . 
  your standard of low expectations is a perfect example of reverse racism . 
  shia and sunni are not at war because the west made them do it ... you 're knee deep in the self-flagellation . 
  of course western intervention is not entirely blameless , but to throw it out there as the sole cause of the issue is incredibly one-dimensional . 
  of course it is . 
  and the spanish stuff is eta related . 
  comparing this domestic separatism with religious terrorism coming from the outside is ridiculous . 
  he was a typical american domestic terrorist in the sense that he was a paranoid hick who was fiercely against ` the government ' if i recall . 
  same here with the turks . 
  they are often quite nationalistic and integration has n't gone absolutely perfectly with them , but there 's hardly any turkish extremists over here . 
  osman kebab and deniz ozt\u00fcrk are not the lads that are pushing for sharia law and blowing themselves up . 
  al qaeda was a hell of a lot more politically motivated than is . 
   they actually seek power , territory and more people to join them . 
  if it was true that these are the * only * things they are interested in , then why are extremists forcing women into sexual slavery , executing children for watching footy matches and cutting off the heads of followers ' of different branches of islam , * everything * validated and rationalized with their literal interpretation of islamic scripture ? 
  if someone is killing in the name of communism or fascism whilst being vocal and upfront about it , no one would go ` oh , but they just * say * that , i wonder what their * real * motivations are . ' . 
  yet , with islamic terrorism , despite the terrorists themselves being incredibly open about why they do what they do , there 's always someone like you going `` no no , you see , what they * really * want is ... '' they just told us what they really want . 
  why do you have so much trouble accepting what they say ? 
  ignoring their overt religious motivations and casting their behaviour in a mould of materialistic motivations is an odd etho-centric way of looking at all this . 
  it 's exactly the kind of thing a modern european does not understand , that some people on this planet are motivated by pure religious zeal . 
  so we try to explain it in a way that makes sense for us , hence the materialistic explanations . 
  but that 's dangerously wrong . 
  we 're fooling ourselves by pretending islamic terrorists ' motivations are completely relatable for us . 
  do n't bother , bro , r/europe seems to be in full denial of facts today . 
  everything related to islam is the devil , do n't you know ? 
  this hits me way harder than i expected it would . 
  was planning an uneventful evening . 
  but tonight , we mourn , and celebrate , the greatest visionary the beautiful game has ever known . 
  i drink to you , eternal no . 
  i beg to differ , actually . 
   he must have been buried in paperwork for weeks after this ... police dude quickly bought dunder mifflin shares and is retired a rich man as we speak . 
  did european security services publicly called their american colleagues shitty on september the 12th ? 
  not even true , but whatever makes you feel better . 
  pretty much this . 
  if europeans had carried this tone right after 9/11 the americans would 've collectively went apeshit . 
  being this publicly disparaging whilst the bodies are not even cold yet is just poor form , to say the least . 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  most if not all of the normal , center-right is equally to blame . 
  the mainstream parties ignoring the problem has pushed it further to the right , every year with more extreme voices . 
  which is logical , in a way . 
  i do n't think we can blame just one political affiliation for the clusterfuck that has come to be . 
  emphasis on partially . 
  and then over there , not over here . 
  yeah , there were a lot of cooky theories bandied about , mostly propagated by people who had no clue how air defense systems work . 
   `` surely , kremlin is not that stupid , to simply annex some pretty useless landmass and start a meaningless bloody war , there must have been a legitimate cause for all of this . 
  perhaps , they did it , because the felt threatened by the encroachment of usa and nato . '', 
  that in my view is easily explained , however . 
  ukraine 's lovey-dovey with the eu and nato constituted a serious threat to russia 's black sea access . 
  and with the situation eastern ukraine , it was n't that hard to engineer or facilitate , an uprising . 
  relatively low risk , high reward . 
  compared to the somewhat vague premise of destablization vs. deliberate murder of hundreds of unaffiliated citizens ... it 's a very differnt risk-reward thing imho . 
  well that would depend on how much he would venture out of the house and how many had contact with him and where those people are in his social circle ( from mom to complete stranger ) . 
  i 'm just saying it 's a bit silly to assume the vast majority of the people in that area knew exactly who was hiding there . 
  it 's fairly reasonable to assume that a suspect of such magnitude would hide as much as possible and not venture into the open . 
  hell , even if 98 % of molenbeek was jihadi to the bone , you only need to get unlucky once to get your cover blown . 
  seems like an odd risk to take . 
  which leads me to assume in turn that the vast majority of the people there , people not connected to abdeslam 's social circle , had no idea dude was there . 
  nazi germany was a powerful state , though . 
  a world power that was easily defined and identified . 
  a world power that waged war by conventional means . 
  quite a different cookie than modern day islamism and jihadism . 
  i think an important question regarding this is whether those stone pelting shitheads knew the operation was concerning abdeslam , or if it was just anti-police sentiment .
