  who is `` he '' ? 
  they 're not the ones claiming the moral high ground , however . 
  they 're not the ones in bed with dubious figures under the umbrella of diversity . 
  they 're cunts , sure , but that 's rather besides the point . 
  whataboutism , really . 
  lmao \\* applauds *, 
   the fundamentalism is always going after muslims first minorities and normal muslims are the first and second victims of islamic fundamentalism . 
  this is something very often forgotten by the ultra-leftist goody two shoes pc motherfuckers . 
  edit : my post at the end of this chain replying to shamla has been shadow-deleted . 
  i received no notification whatsoever about rule breaking , nor do i believe i broke any rules in that post . 
  nice going , mod team . 
  not cool . 
  [ view when logged out ] ( http://imgur.com/izagy3r ) [ view when logged in and i can see my own post ] ( http://imgur.com/aumpd9s ) my reply my be considered ` spicy ' , but keep in mind i 'm replying to a person who is generalizing a massive amount of people as racists and potential ethnic cleansers , i.e. 
  the deportation remark . 
  that 's pretty fucked up . 
  but my shit gets sneaky deleted ? 
  pvv/wilders is basically all mouth , a bit of brawn and no brain when it comes to actual , * realistic * solutions . 
  now people like wilders definitely have their place in politics . 
  as the agitator , the guy that keeps the rest sharp , the person who says uncomfortable things that create public debate about difficult matters . 
  he 's important in this regard and not without merit . 
  but much like the canary in the coal mine , you take heed when the canary stops chirping and drops dead , but you would n't turn to a canary to lead the actual rescue operation . 
  so the accidental killing of an infant in half a war zone is in your eyes somehow the same as the violence surrounding germany 's 1933 elections ? 
  forget which is worse , those are just ... two completely different things . 
  the turkish military is deliberately targeting 2 year olds ? 
  you have evidence for this ? 
  you should probably contact the media . 
  or the un . 
  amnesty . 
  something . 
  generalize much ? 
  that 's deplorable , but not the same thing . 
  are paramilitary organizations beating up people in the streets by the thousands for their political views ? 
  then it 's not * as bad * as germany 1933 . 
  does n't mean it 's good . 
  does n't mean it 's acceptable . 
  does n't mean it 's democratic . 
  does n't mean erdogan is n't dangerous . 
  but it does mean drawing comparisons with 1933 germany is hyperbole . 
  are they ? 
  from your own link : '' in early february , the nazis `` unleashed a campaign of violence and terror that dwarfed anything seen so far . '', 
  storm troopers began attacking trade union and communist party ( kpd ) offices and the homes of left-wingers . 
  [ 1 ] :317 in the second half of february , the violence was extended to the social democrats , with gangs of brownshirts breaking up social democrat meetings and beating up their speakers and audiences . 
  issues of social democratic newspapers were banned . 
  [ 1 ] :318 -- 320 twenty newspapers of the centre party , a party of catholic germans , were banned in mid-february for criticizing the new government . 
  government officials known to be centre party supporters were dismissed from their offices , and stormtroopers violently attacked party meetings in westphalia . 
  [ 1 ] :322 only the nazis and dnvp were allowed to campaign unmolested . '', 
  '' instead , he opted to simply have communist functionaries jailed by the thousands . 
  the courts and prosecutors , who had already been hostile to the kpd long before 1933 , obligingly took the line that since the reichstag fire was a communist plot , kpd membership was an act of treason . 
  as a result , for all intents and purposes the kpd was `` outlawed '' on the day the reichstag fire decree took effect , and `` completely banned '' as of the day of the election '' `` irene von goetz writes , `` in a decree issued on 17 february 1933 , g\u00f6ring ordered the prussian police force to make unrestrained use of firearms in operations against political opponents ( the so-called schie\u00dferlass , '' or shooting decree ) . 
  [ 2 ] '' `` to further ensure a nazi majority in the vote , nazi organizations `` monitored '' the vote process . 
  in prussia 50,000 members of the ss , sa and stahlhelm were ordered to monitor the votes as so-called deputy sheriffs or auxiliary police ( hilfspolizei ) in another decree by acting interior minister hermann g\u00f6ring . 
  [ 2 ] '' now , erdogan is obviously not an innocent little fairy , but i do n't believe he 's gone quite * that * far yet . 
  if he has orchestrated intimidation and violence * on the scale that was seen in 1933 germany * , it should be laughably easy to prove . 
  are they , though ? 
  i do n't know , my knowledge of turkish elections is pretty much non-existant . 
  just pointing out the the notion of `` hitler was democratically elected '' has quite a few disclaimers and caveats . 
  i am implying that the 1933 elections were n't exactly fair , democratic happenings as we imagine a modern day democratic election to be . 
  i mean , fuck , the wiki link is right there , you can easily read about it . 
  this is just standard patrol/prod/intercept / cheeky stuff that happens on the regular . 
  hardly the step-up to ww3 . 
  hardly newsworthy even . 
  sort of . 
  those elections were n't exactly textbook fair and balanced . 
  so you want to outlaw just gay people kissing in public ? 
  so you would like to see kissing in public outlawed because you consider it inappropriate behaviour akin to shitting on the streets ? 
  why are gay people kissing inappropriate ? 
  do you feel the same about straight people kissing ? 
  so instead of averting your gaze , other people should just stop doing whatever it is you do n't like ? 
  i did n't know that was a civil or human right ... 
  in a lot of cases it goes further than `` but dad , i do n't want to be an architect like you !, 
  i want to dance ! '' . 
  children have been exiled from their families and social circles because they 're gay and these people see being gay as one of the ultimate sins . 
  that mindset , in cases where it is exceptionally prevalant , we can most definitely file under ' * systematic * oppression ' imo , as an entire community 's moral fibre is hardwired to be aggressively prejudiced against gays , to the extent of rejecting their own children . 
  that 's pretty fucking hardcore . 
  you do n't have to go full pogrom to oppress . 
  do you really think children/people that come from very religious backgrounds/families/social circles have an easy time coming out as gay ? 
  alpha as fuck . 
   there isn ; t any systematic oppression of gay people by these minorities . 
  kidding me ? 
  you have to be kidding me . 
  would you rather fight a water buffalo or forty hobbit-sized australians ? 
  so why did you do it ? 
  i have an amazing defense against trivial things i do n't like to see : i stop looking at them . 
  :o i 'm a revolutionary , i know . 
  ... then stop watching them , einstein . 
  your eyeballs can move in their sockets . 
  your head can rotate . 
  your legs can reposition you any way you choose on the 2d environment that is the floor . 
  you have an amazing array of biological abilities perfectly suited to stop seeing something . 
  why is it a problem for you if someone disagrees with someone else 's disagreement ? 
  ... we can go around in a circle like this for a year . 
  or fifty years . 
  point is , why are you worrying about the same thing you 're telling other people they should n't be worrying about ? 
  is your nickname a reference to hieronymus bosch ? 
  i think i 've seen you on the wows sub as well . 
  i know , i was being cheekily passive-aggressive about the people who think a joint is ` evil drugs ' yet see no problem downing 20 beers on the saturday . 
  does n't even have to be that , the idea that hitler did amazing things for germany 's economy as if he was a genius is a pretty common and persistent myth . 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/75/bosch-detail.jpg/220px-bosch-detail.jpg ) is new piggy for you, 
  what , they do n't drink beer in limburg ? 
  not to mention that folks like that do n't get to experience the wonderful drawbacks of erdogan themselves .
