  reminds me of some folks !, 
  ca n't quite put my finger on it ...  ukraine is the least neo-nazi country of eastern europe have you thought about a career in stand-up comedy ? 
  what 's literal icelandic for `` the lower/nether lands '' ? 
  cos that 'll do :p, 
  offended ? 
  not really , but i do feel the pathological need to correct it . 
  before they know it ... boem , groot nederlandt !, 
  and the ones in illinois, 
  `` there are four . 
  thousand . 
  five . 
  hundred . 
  forty . 
  seven . 
  pagans waiting in line right now '' \\* pagan elevator music plays *, 
  `` gronk , are you sure we should settle here , next to that rumbling fire mountain ? '', 
  `` in 12.000 years they will have tools to capture a beautiful moment here . 
  totally worth it , grunk ! '', 
   edit : if you get a chance to fuck around with a yugoslavian grenade do n't do it , some of them have been tampered with and can explode as soon you pull the trigger . 
  just like old school illegal fireworks !, 
  yeah , when you say it it 's just you being sarcastic and i 'm too dumb to get it . 
  when i say it it 's just me having no decency and being stupid . 
  got it , cowboy . 
   i was only disgusted with your lack of decency complain about someone 's lack of decency  but now i 'm a little disgusted with your lack of intelligence as well . 
  straight up insult that person yourself great going , cowboy . 
  dude please , learn your fallacies . 
  attacking the credibility of a source is not ` ad hominem ' . 
  oh , oh , the dude who callously wrote  my counterpoint to any arguments you make will be ` bataclan ' and  but it was n't that bad : they managed to clean up the bataclan , eventually , did n't they ? 
  is talking about overstepping the line of decency ? 
  so it 's okay for you to make denigrating comments about tragedies , but when someone else does it to you it 's all indignation and offense ? 
  that 's bullshit and you know it . 
  you started this game . 
  do n't pretend to be hurt when the ball you bounced hits you in the face . 
  lmmfao at that source, 
  armed citizens sure as hell stopped the pulse nightclub shooting , and the san bernardino attacks , and the dylan roof shootings , and columbine , and virginia tech , and ... oh wait a minute, 
  go back to the_donald with your painfully stereotypical dumbassery . 
  you 're giving americans a bad name . 
   those people were all heroes . 
  shame on you . 
  as if you give a shit . 
  yup , you totally wouldve singlehqndedly prevented the massacre . 
  youre such a hero . 
  if only the jews in ww2 had guns !, 
   always liked that disparagement , myself . 
  then goes on to prove himself as the perfect `` gun hero fetish '' stereotype . 
  you americans and your fascination for ` good guy with a gun ' . 
  you 're more likely to get shot by a cop in a situation like that , but keep fantasizing . 
  bad history and grade a self-victimization bullshit . 
  you 're the one shoehoerning your own victim narrative into historical fact , with your 11 million ukrainians . 
  you ukrainians were some of the most eager nazi collaborating anti-semites btw . 
  maybe that 's why you 're on the `` stalin was worse '' tip with your bullshit numbers . 
  your country had and still has a massive neo-nazi problem after all . 
  stalin killed more * ukrainians * alone than the nazis killed civilians ? 
  never mind the fact that modern estimates about stalin 's ` kill count ' falter at the 6-8 million mark , you 're just flat out claiming stalin killed more than 11/12 million * in just ukrainians ? 
  * that 's some grade a self-victimization bullshit you 've got there . 
  not that * that * surprises me ... 
  even if you add all of stalin 's victims together , you 're not touching holocaust numbers . 
  what 's your point with this anyway ? 
  why bring it up ? 
  beautiful picture tho, 
  that 's most definitely the highest estimate that you 've cherrypicked there , and probably not a very realistic or dependable one , given that it 's from 1933 ( ! ) . 
  8 million total for the 32/33 famine , about 3-5 million of those in ukraine and the kuban are the * consistent * numbers shared by many historians and their research . 
  realistic estimates are about 3-4 million ukrainians . 
  including non-ukrainians doesnt top it up to 11 but moreiver it makes no sense to compare a famine death in kazakhstan with a shot or gassed belarussian . 
  nazis straight up murdered about 11 million civvies . 
  holodomor doesnt even come close to that number . 
   cause i 'm accusing you of being condescending ? 
  something something learn to take a joke  you do n't know if i 'm american . 
  you 're right , that was a hasty assumption  that 's just childish . 
  nah , it 's * perfect *, 
  please do n't take after your president trumplethinskin . 
  350 million more anti-abortion death panels to the nhs every year , because brussels will take your guns away !, 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm getting my shitheads mixed up . 
  austrians did it , i swearsies !, 
  we fucked up in ' 74 , fucked up in 2000 at home , and in 2010 the spanish just pipped us in a close run thing . 
  that 's football . 
  it fucking hurts , but it 's football . 
  now , you wan na get mad , wan na carry a proper fucking dwarven grudge , we got ta go back to 1978 . 
  because goddamn , that was some top tier grade a triple gold jew star bullshit . 
  not to sound too old cos i was n't around yet in ' 78 , but that was one bullshit final under that videla regime , and the way the dutch team was treated off the pitch . 
  see , now * i 'm * mad , goddamit . 
  they 're the nazis of south america . 
  always thinking they 're supremely blanco and shit . 
  cunts . 
  i certainly did not , but how the fuck can we blame the spanish for that ? 
  even in my wettest dreams i ca n't expect the paella munchers to just roll over and die in a world cup final , so what were they supposed to do ? 
  not play football ? 
  we were lucky nigel stayed on the pitch after that infamous challenge ( and i say that as a nigel fan ) , and robben should 've scored , curse casillas ' toes for all eternity . 
  but i ca n't really *** blame *** the spaniards for any of it . 
  i cried like a little bitch after that match but i ca n't hate the cunts for it . 
  they tried to win , just as us . 
  they 've gone full / r/conspiracy a while back ( literally , they took it over , mods and all ) and now they 're just spouting infowars-tier idiocy . 
  and you know , the whole defence of `` it 's just silly memes '' would hold up if not for the blatant fact that they do n't contain their stupid memes to the_dunce , they spread them around in other subs as if they are serious arguments . 
  then they get mad when you call em on their bullshit , and they self-victimize harder than the people they loathe so much . 
  truly the most special of snowflakes , that bunch . 
  this is my understanding as well . 
  similar to the old batavians , the valued auxiliary horsemen of rome who inhabited the regions between the dutch rivers , the original frisian people faded from history , but the name for the region and eventually new settlers stayed . 
  so much like the batavians who fought for the romans had nothing to do with the batavian founding myth that gained popularity during our golden age , the current frisians and the frisian languages have little in common with the old frisii that the romans wrote about . 
  y' all came on way too strong back then . 
  you were also a lot meaner ...
