  blm needs leaders to say things on their behalf instead of this leaderless movement that has way too many people say dumb shit . 
  however , on the other side of the fence , way too many people are too eager to point out a statistical untruth and conclude from it that the whole movement must be bullshit . 
  i 've been seeing that a lot recently . 
  hell , in this very thread there are upvoted posts describing the movement as ` cancer ' ... so ... i 'm a bit wary of people who immediately go ` but muh black on black crime ' whenever blm is mentioned . 
  way too many people think of blm as ` the uppity negroes ' . 
  they wo n't say it , but that mentality is definitely there , esp amongst the conservatives and alt-righters . 
  it 's not just about a bunch of graphs ... a bunch of graphs btw , that do show black americans encountered police force disproportionately more so . 
  that the amount of americans killed by police is pretty much equal across the spectrum only means that people should take blm seriously , as the data clearly shows this problem affects all americans . 
  and i wonder what data from the 80s or 90s would show . 
  blm is n't a single day thing , they did n't wake up yesterday and thought of this . 
  it 's the culmination of decades of a failing american police and justice system , something that black americans have more unfortunate experience with than others . 
  it 's not * just * about shootings or data from one city . 
  holding up a graph from americaville , usa that shows whites and blacks get shot equally only to then proclaim ` see , blm is nonsense ! ', 
  is rather disingenuous and shallow . 
  it 's not just about that ... you would know had you actually spend a little bit of time on researching blm ... but you want to tell them what to do from belgium ... come the fuck on now ... you can not be so arrogant as to think a random belgian knows better than actual black americans ... 
  you 're a belgian . 
  how the fuck would you or i know what the correct size and noise of the blm movement should be , hm ? 
  it 's preposterous to suggest that we have a better idea about this than black americans . 
   every time you apply for a wes you are already checked for those things ah , so it 'd be a double whammy ? 
  myeah , that 's useless . 
  switzerland seems to be an unfortunate victim of collateral damage here . 
   yeah , it just makes one wonder about their agenda and intelligence in general when the biggest and most vocal and globally spreading movement focusses on just 0.01 % of the problem . 
  i. . . i just explained how those are two significantly different problems ... how did you not follow this ? 
  good , fuck him . 
   deny me my guns by claiming that i 'm insane or depressed . 
  but ... what if you are ? 
  black-on-black violence and the issues with american police in general ( which affects all americans , not just black ones , though disproportionately so ) are separate issues and they must not be constantly conflated by people seeking to disprove the valid core point of blm . 
   there is no systematic racism among the uk police against the black people well there might be , but they 're certainly not getting shot on a regular basis , so yeah , i do n't get it either , this cross-over to the uk . 
  it makes sense in the states , but across the pond ? 
  no one is making you choose one or the other . 
  well , it 's not as if there are no reasonable worries about large scale ( can also be local large scale ) immigration , especially if the immigrants in question have a disappointing history of integration succes . 
  the trick is finding the balance between sticking your head in the sand and going full blown xenophobe . 
  this is not always easy , obviously , yet it 's the best approach that we all can take . 
  hm , must 've missed that one . 
  does seem a bit overboard . 
  on the other hand , it 's markedly different from erdogan whining about clearly satirical/comedic stuff . 
   but when an ex minister in the netherlands felt insulted for being called racist and got the politician who called him that fined , nobody seems to care about it . 
  refresh my memory ? 
  i agree . 
  it 's just that a considerable amount of people would see angry supporter man as an islamist , regardless of the fact that many decidedly un-islamist turks have injected plenty of nuance into the erdogan-coup thing by now to understand that erdogan 's party might not be as islamist as some westerners think they are . 
  it was those hypocrites i intended to bait with my original post , highlighting that the tolerance that people have for free speech depends a lot on whoever is saying it . 
  man , let it rest . 
  it 's pretty clear that his knowledge regarding this subject is superficial and everything about his tone and manner suggests he 's not looking for discussion , he 's looking to preach . 
  you will get nothing from this . 
  his whole argument hinges on that one article that investigated the national post-ww2 sentiment . 
  nothing wrong with that article btw , but it 's describing a situation decades ago , and he tries to apply it to 2016 , even though the article pretty much makes it clear that that 's not the case . 
  yeah , it 's hard to tell whether the erdogan supporter in question is a real islamist or not , but he will appear that way to certain people regardless . 
  first sentence of the article, 
  giant rabbits , you say ? 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwkh2znwapm ) druf druf druf !, 
  location is just mindnumbingly gorgeous , like something straight from witcher 3 . 
  well , sans the modern elements in the picture ofc , but still . 
  nothing tops a good , clean czech or german pilsner for me . 
  i 'm not such a huge fan of all the special belgian brews that have so many people enamoured . 
  the higher alcohol content often makes those beers too sweet for my taste . 
  i want that crisp , bitter hops flavour . 
  i 'm expecting all the ` but muh freedom of speech ' people to rally behind this islamist and defend his right to incite violence and hatred . 
  though somehow , i have this nagging suspicion that those folks wo n't be as eager this time to pick up the torches and banners ... e : ` controversial ' comment yet zero actual replies . 
  he 's brazilian or portugese . 
  explains his amazing knowledge of ww2 occupations in north-western europe \\* rolls eyes out of skull *, 
  lol , you write long comments with very , very clear implications and when someone calls you on them , you start whining about strawmen and fallacies , screeching ` oh , but i did n't say * that * ' . 
  holy fuck , you 're a disingenuous asshole . 
  arrogant , hostile and a liar . 
  i wo n't be replying to you anymore either , because discussion with you seems right out of the fucking question . 
  you 've already got your ideology and in addition to that , you just seem like a nasty person , so there 's that . 
   or you could answer those questions i could , yes . 
  this would require time and effort , only to run the all-too-serious risk of you just wiping your ass with everything i wrote and suggest we 're all nazis anyway . 
  you come across as exeptionally hostile towards the dutch , you make the elementary error of going `` oh , a lot of dutch jews were killed ? 
  must 've been all ratted out ! '' . 
  you 're not legitimately asking questions , you 're stating questions in a hostile tone with an implied answer . 
  you 've obviously made no effort to actually delve deeper into the matter , otherwise you would 've known about the differences in occupying authorities , the impact of forced labour legislation regarding non-jews on the underground networks and you 've even neglected the obvious difficulty in hiding in and escaping from the netherlands . 
  all of this suggests to me that you 're not interested in hearing anything that contradicts the one-sided narrative that you 've delivered here with demonstrable hostility and conviction that you 're right . 
  people who seem way too self-assured and arrogant about a topic , yet fail to recognize or mention the more elementary factors and elements regarding said topic , i tend to treat very cautiously indeed . 
  tl ; dr : you want me to play chess , but i 'm afraid you 'll knock the pieces over and shit on the board . 
  i was going to type a longer reply based on the research of griffioen and zeller ( registration rates had neglible impact on survival rates , interestingly enough ) , but you are completely set on painting us as a bunch of nazis , so i do n't think context and nuance are going to do much here . 
   at the end of the day , there 's a reason why such a video that is pure bigotry , hatred and xenophobia is welcomed as comedy by so many in the dutch society . 
  lmao , fuck off with that nonsense , man, 
   the positive role of the netherlands during ww2 has become a founding myth of modern netherlands and most dutch nationals still believe in it . 
  but it definitely needs some examination . 
  i know of no one who thinks we had a particularly ` positive ' role during ww2 , and you here are trying to paint it as particularly negative . 
  each country had its small portions of collaborators and active resisters , this is n't that weird . 
  dutch neutrality had a lot to do with pacifist sentiment and the fact that we 're a small nation with little military power to stand up to the large european powers . 
  for each of the points you make there is a detailed and nuanced story behind them , but you seem to want to pass it off as ` the dutch really liked nazis ' . 
  kinda weird how we have the [ most `` righteous amongst the nations '' awards per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/righteous_among_the_nations#number_of_awards_by_country ) , a weird thing if we were such big nazi sympathizers . 
  now i 'm not saying that that means that no one collaborated or anything , just that the narrative that you 're peddling here is incredibly one-sided and quite strawmanny . 
  where the hell even did you get this notion that the dutch significantly overstate their positive influence in ww2 ? 
  this smells of bullshit to me . 
  even more egregious is that you claim to act in the name of historical fact , then pen down a very one-sided and generalized accusation at all the dutch . 
  step off with that disingenuous shit , homeboy . 
  where you from anyway , hm ? 
  if medicaid operates under the ` ca n't pay for it ? 
  then it 's free ! ', 
  principle , you should probably let a couple dozen million of your fellow americans know , cos they need it . 
  medicaid is a far , far cry from what dude claimed . 
  even aca ( obamacare ) does n't come close to ` ca n't afford it , get it for free ' . 
  not real judaism of course , no . 
  what i meant with 'em brace ' is that they 've taken the partially jewish history of their clubs ( there is a little ) and taken it as a ` nom de guerre ' if you wish . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/football-why-tottenham-and-ajax-fans-have-a-jewish-identity-a-926095.html ) is a pretty decent summary on how things came to be as they are now . 
  it 's a bit of an odd roundabout of anti-semitism and football identities . 
  both ajax and spurs were confronted with anti-semitic outings aimed at their respective clubs in the 60s and 70s , so the hardcore fans embraced it as an act of defiance and solidarity with their in-group : the club .
