  yes , low hanging fruit for the intellectually underdeveloped . 
  be proud of yourself . 
  edit : let me elaborate for a bit : i do n't think anyone will dispute that these attackers are a bunch of racist cuntbags . 
  they went out to hurt brown people , any brown people , for what they supposedly did , even though the chances of this gang actually catching one of the perpetrators seems obviously minimal at best . 
  so yeah , dumbass fucking racists . 
  but the comparison with brownshirts and kristallnacht right off the bat ... uuugh . 
  i 've been wrestling through evans ' bigass third reich trilogy lately , and all the freaking factors that went into , well , the whole nazi germany shebang are so goddamn complicated that i feel it is simply very , * very * historically and intellectually disingenuous to scream brownshirts , nazis , kristallnacht when a clique of racists does something stupid . 
  not every dumbass racist clique is two goosesteps away from becoming a fully fledged eichmann and i do n't think we should pretend otherwise . 
  not in the least to not dilute or downplay the actual history of ww2 , the holocaust and the run-up to it . 
  i spent the last 15 to 20 minutes scrolling through this thread and most people seem to be saying it 's logical this happened , yet still deplorable . 
  there are some who welcome it , but those are in poorly written one or two line comments down at the bottom of the barrel . 
  the only people * directly responsible * for this attack are the attackers , that is obviously true . 
  but i do n't think we can entirely ignore the role of government in this , whose reluctance to tackle certain issues head-on has led to the creation of a situation where underdeveloped racists feel compelled to take to the streets like this . 
  if my cat nicks my pork chop , my cat is obviously the one responsible . 
  but i am not absolved from all blame if my dumb ass left that pork chop sitting out there in the open . 
  i created the situation , either through ignorance or malevolence , that allowed the dumb cat to take my pork chop . 
  but it 's not excusing anything ? 
  it just links the events logically together . 
  hell , r/picardo85 even * literally wrote * : `` and more and inocent ( sic ) people will get caught in the middle . '', 
  does n't seem like he 's excusing anything , mate . 
  you are reading way too much into this . 
  one should n't expect racists to have a clear idea of what they 're actually hating . 
  none of his posts gave me a feeling that he 's justifying or excusing these attacks in any way or form . 
  stop your wiesenthaling . 
  i do n't think the two concepts here are mutually exclusive . 
  we 've seen a failing of politicians and police forces and even the media to a smaller extent to inform and protect the public . 
  who do you think is the first group to declare a crisis and take the law into their own hands ? 
  extremists of course . 
  it should n't be surprising that some people will resort to this within the current context and it should n't be surprising that these people are daft racists . 
  the swedish police apparently can . 
  congrats on the godwin . 
  good job . 
  fairly certain it had a bit more than little to do with mh17 . 
  my memory might be a bit rusty , but i believe russia 's unwillingness to cooperate was a direct factor in imposing more and heavier sanctions . 
  regardless , even if russia was already getting sanctioned * before * mh17 , the actual mh17 situation hardly helped in turning that tide , did it ? 
  i mean , if they 're already taking the piss , it 's not wise to get broiled up in a situation like mh17 . 
  sanctions ? 
  good point . 
  this is important . 
  actual russian military pressing buttons and giving firing orders is a world of difference from actual russian military chaperoning a ` liaised vehicle ' . 
  certainly the kind to ruin their own career . 
  assuming it really was shot down on russian orders , i doubt uncle putin was very pleased with the subordinate who made this grievous mistake . 
  after all , the mh17 aftermath has n't been kind to russia . 
  that 's literally what i said , genius . 
  i know , but that 's my point : which dimwitted russian army officer would consent to a near-blind launch , risking shooting down a neutral , civilian jet liner , just to score one ukrainian antonov ? 
  planes crashes are orders of magnitude less rare than actual shootdowns , however . 
  let alone accidental ones . 
  what i 'm saying is that even though it happened in the past , it 's a relatively rare occurence ; rare enough to judge every situation on its own and see what went down , not declare that it happened before so we should n't be surprised now . 
  there are definitely differences between the ( accidental ) shootdowns of yesteryear and mh17 . 
  it 's not extraordinary , no , but it 's certainly not commonplace . 
  the uss vincennes incident was a quite complicated case of mistaken identity , aggravated by a seemingly gung-ho cowboy captain . 
  all in all , i think one can absolutely say that the usn blundered there . 
  the soviets shooting down that korean airlines flight was not a case of mistaken identity afaik . 
  they really just went for it . 
  but kal007 was in the wrong place , over ussr territory , where they really should n't have been . 
  dickmove by the soviets ? 
  no doubt , but technically they were in their right . 
  depends . 
  ex-military personnel may be amongst their ranks . 
  i 'm definitely not a buk expert , but i 'd wager that the base functions of the system are honestly not * that * difficult . 
  operating it * properly * , however , ensuring that what you shoot at is actually what you think it is , might be a whole different thing . 
  because that 's going to be quite difficult . 
  i mean , i do n't know how to operate an m-16 properly , but i know that pulling the trigger makes it shoot and if i jiggle all the jigglies and flip some switches , at some point with one of the triggerpulls a bullet is going to come out . 
  if they had proper professionals manning that thing , i do n't understand why the fuck they were so cavalier with shooting at targets they could never positively id due to lack of an integrated air defense system . 
  if they were proper professionals , they would 've known they 're shooting near blind . 
  why the hell would the russians run the ridiculous risk of shooting down a civvy liner like that ? 
  = / for what ? 
  a ukrainian transport plane knocked out ? 
  the risk-reward ratio just seems so off . 
  more grain for the mills of the populists . 
  the traditional left is just digging its own hole . 
  i still have trouble believing that proper russian military personnel could be this fucking stupid . 
  unless you wan na go really deep rabbithole and say they did it intentionally ... edit : no fkn idea why my comment chain here is rated so controversial ... r/europe in h\u00f6chform i guess ... 
  hrm , i 'm not sure if you are aware that you just compared the whole refugee/immigrant group with hard liquor , a known health and addiction risk that claims that lives of millions of people every year . 
  i 'll wager that was n't exactly your intention when you made that post . 
  literally never ever heard of a kitchen cleaver/hakmes being called a bijl ... 
   its a pretty known fact that those subs are being constantly brigaded by organised groups and other websites and that its overall an attractive place for extremists right now yet you do n't actually know to what extent this is happening right now in this thread . 
  but it does not stop you from painting with a very large brush . 
  are there racists and rabid nationalists on here ? 
  sure there are . 
  just as there are na\u00efve egomaniacs who will argue that everyone who does n't agree with them are racists , just to make themselves feel good and provide a raging morals-boner . 
  fact is , if you 're going to say that this sub is populated by extremists , fearmongers and nationalists , without offering any reasonable quantification or context , then that is a fairly broad and accusatory statement . 
  i found it rather hypocritical for the author of those words to tell another user to stop the accusations and the fearmongering . 
  i mean , * you just did that yourself * in none too pretty terms . 
   killings of only the perpetrators in 3 of the cases . 
  uuh , november 13 cost more than 120 people their lives . 
  the january hebdo attacks killed 12 . 
  the jihadist who decapitated his boss , that 's a victim . 
  the algerian jihadi who planned to attack churches killed a woman for her car . 
  that 's four deadly incidents ending in the death of not just the perpetrator . 
  stop lying . 
  afaik the emirates and the gulf states do fuck all to house refugees . 
  lebanon and jordan yes , the gulf states , fuck no . 
  the more you villify people you do n't agree with as stormfront nazis , the more you are playing into the narrative of not only extreme right wingers , but also into the narrative of the na\u00efve gutmensch . 
  maybe stop doing that . 
  as a leftist ... yeah , he 's right to an extent . 
  the traditional left has ducked , dogded , avoided and evaded this topic for nearly three decades now . 
  all the while wondering why the tone got a wee bit more extreme every year . 
  it 's not fucking rocket science . 
  the spiegel article in this thread actually also speaks of `` beil '' , i.e.
