  what is your point ? 
  i think one of the many problems that islam specifically and monothe\u00efstic , `` salvation/heaven based '' religions in general bring in this context is the hardcore belief in heaven and god 's justice . 
  if you 're truly convinced all good people go to heaven , why give a shit about who you kill ? 
  pregnant women , toddlers , people of their ` own ' faith and persuasions . 
  what gives ? 
  if they were guilty they will burn in hell , if they were innocent god will absolve them and send them to paradise . 
  and paradise is great !, 
  paradise  life + god 's justice = absolutely zero respect for life on earth . 
   the ukrainian government has reportedly shot down several aircraft so far . 
  before july 2014 when mh17 was bounced out of the sky at fl330 ? 
  did the rebels have aircraft capable of reaching that alt ? 
  source or gtfo . 
  not to mention , ukrainian air defense would 've been integrated into their overall air picture . 
  they would 've known mh17 was mh17 ( a plane that was flying west-to-east even !! ), 
  and not something else . 
  that 's how integrated air defenses work . 
   it was a mistake , caused by the fact that russia gave high tech weapons to untrained insurgents , but it was n't a deliberate attack on a civilian aircraft . 
  they probably thought that it was a military jet and accidentally shot down a civilian plane . 
  i never said it was intentional . 
  take your strawman and go home . 
  if you 're interested in learning more , i can wholeheartedly recommend the evans book ( part of a trilogy ) . 
  it 's not popular history , but it 's not barely readable dry stuff either . 
  evans gives probably the best extensive-yet-concise overview of nazi germany , from the beginning to the end , in [ this acclaimed series ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_third_reich_trilogy ) . 
  for some of them it seems almost a snapshot decision . 
  an impulse almost . 
  quite different from seasoned jihadis who 've had years of terrorism under their belt and potentially even combat experience . 
  if you 're going out in a well-planned suicidal carnage operation after a decade of active jihading , you 're really fucking convinced of the cause . 
  but these quickly-radicalized former hoodlums ( in many cases ) follow quite a different pattern . 
  it seems to be not unusual , and even quite common , for these ` homegrowns ' to be petty criminals with little active religiosity who can and are very quickly radicalized . 
  like they find their ` new identity ' in islam and with the wrong people around them , it can rapidly devolve into seriously violent extremism . 
  going from 0 to full retard real fast . 
  read some stuff here and there about how the ` out of touch ' petty criminals are a big recruitment pool for islamist and jihadi recruiters . 
  from street thug to religious to religious zealot . 
  i went digging through my physical copy to find an excellent quote that adequately describes why hitler 's rise to power can not be properly considered democratic , and it 's to do with the breakdown of general democratic proceedings in germany of the time . 
  `` the slide away from from parliamentary democracy into an authoritarian state ruling without the full and equal participation of the parties or the legislatures had already begun under br\u00fcning . 
  it had been massively and deliberately accelerated by papen . 
  after papen , there was no going back . 
  a power vaccuum had been created in germany which the reichstag and the parties had no chance of filling . 
  political power had seeped away from the legitimate organs of the constitution onto the streets at one end , and into the small cabal of politicians surrounding president hindenburg at the other , leaving the vaccuum in the vast area between , where normal democratic politics take place . 
  hitler was put into office by a clique around the president ; but they would not have felt it necessary to put him there without the violence and disorder generated by the activites of the nazis and the communists on the streets . '', 
  richard evans , the coming of the third reich p.442-443 this , imo at least , the biggest reason why it ca n't be considered democratic . 
  just having people vote for you does n't mean it 's democratic . 
  after all , if that were the case , many very undemocratic regimes with ridiculous approval rates would be considered ` democratic ' when they 're everything but . 
  it 's not so much about having people vote for you and the exact process in which it happened , although the latter especially is significant , but it 's the circumstances , partially created by the nazis , that really paint the picture . 
  why do you i assume i * want * that to happen ? 
  what kind of retarded reasoning is that ? 
  because i oppose the mob lynchings of soldiers i * want * to see the crowd run over and killed ? 
  what an utterly disgusting assumption to make . 
  off . 
   they decided not to play by the rules , now i ' fine with them getting a taste of that . 
  well , at least you 're honest about not giving a shit about human rights . 
  bacon , mustard and truffle . 
  we do n't know that , do we ? 
  an individual soldier , enlisted , maybe even conscript , is not responsible for the actions of his superiors that he ca n't influence . 
  and maybe he shot at civilians , maybe he did n't . 
  we do n't know . 
  and it should n't matter after they 've been taken captive or surrendered . 
  mistreating and lynching prisoners is generally not a sign of love for due process and law . 
  yes , more extrajudicial lynchings , that 's what 's good . 
  \\* roll eyes out of skull *, 
   gee all the opinion 's downvotes and not a single offering of actual proof of anything , it might as well as been the martians eh boys . 
  common sense is difficult for you , i see . 
  who else could it have been , hm ? 
  the ukrainians ? 
  what would they be shooting at ? 
  the rebels do n't have an air force . 
  there 's no one else with the ability and motive in the region except the rebels . 
  any sane person with more than 3 brain cells understands this . 
  your demands for evidence are meaningless . 
  you 've probably already subscribed to some bonkers conspiracy theory , so even if putin himself would come out and say `` yeah , we fucked up providing sams to the rebels '' you would n't believe it . 
  the mobs beating and killing surrendered and captive soldiers is disgusting . 
  these are the scenes we are used to seeing from baghdad and mogadishu . 
  turkey is fucked . 
  supreme court . 
  and of course he will use and exploit the situation . 
  just like the nazis exploited the reichstagfire , how bush and his cronies exploited 9/11 and countless other examples . 
  does n't mean they actually orchestrated the initial events . 
  go bother the vetted historian from the sub if you think it 's wrong . 
  go bother [ richard evans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_j._evans ) if you think there 's so much wrong with it . 
  i 'll take the word of actual historians over that of a random dude on reddit , if you do n't mind . 
  not to mention that all of this does n't even get into all the paramilitary violence surrounding the elections . 
  something that is most definitely not democratic . 
  if you want to nitpick , take it up with u/commiespaceinvader edit : i also find it funny how you start with ` there 's so much wrong with this ' but end on ` he was elected chancellor ' . 
  he was appointed chancellor . 
  not elected . 
   cite that evidence ? 
  overwhelming concensus from historians who work with source material ? 
   it 's highly likely it was a false flag designed to boost htiler 's consolidation uhm ... cite * that * evidence please ? 
  you knew him or something ? 
  there 's little point in debating the specific political convictions of a long since dead man . 
  fact is , he was a member of the dutch communist party , had a criminal record for arson , and went to germany specifically to fight national-socialism . 
  what 's with the reichstagfire ? 
  that was n't ` staged ' . 
  a dutch communist and arsonist did that . 
  this is pretty much agreed upon by the vast majority of historians ; the only point of contention is whether he acted alone or not . 
  the nazis definitely exploited the situation , but they did n't orchestrate it . 
   yes , hitler was also elected democratically . 
  this myth needs to die . 
  i do n't believe it . 
  no evidence .
