  he does ? 
  roger that then . 
  how does it compare to the yt guy ? 
  i thought i detected some southern german in his speech . 
  he often starts his vids with `` servus '' too . 
  his yt video lists are ... weird . 
  odd videos where he talks about all kinds of things , lots of dragon stuff . . one theme , though : he has about 2500 subscribers and the majority is trolling him on yt too . 
  videos are universally heavily disliked and derogatory comments in the chat . 
  we ca n't allow ourselves to be jumping guns , but at first glance one can definitely say this guy was ` bullied ' , even if it 's ` just ' online . 
  pretty concentrated . 
  mentally unstable guy makes ranty yt channel , becomes half a meme on 9gag and attracts a lot of trolls ? 
  somewhat feasible , perhaps . 
  edit : i just realized this works both ways too . 
  that some bulgarian 9gagger sends an ` anonymous tip ' to a bulgarian media outlet that his favourite troll victim is the shooter . 
  from what i could gather from the twitter rooftop video , the suspect spoke very clear hochdeutsch . 
  but then again , i 'm but a swamp german so we need an actual german to deliver a reliable verdict . 
  from seth rogen to mass murderer :( got ta be careful with those images , though . 
  for all we know dude in the picture is just some peaceful german stoner from frankfurt who likes final fantasy and ice hockey ( or dragons , apparently ), 
  police may have found ( one of the ? ), 
  suspect 's car . 
   but they were killed by locals , who were scared of them . 
  scared of wallabies ? 
  wtf , czechbros ? 
  lmao, 
  i remember reading about it when it happened and thinking it was like a family guy gag gone real . 
  hate taxes so much that you fly your cessna into an irs building . 
  if it was n't for the injured and the killed manager , it would just be hilarous . 
  yeah i read it . 
  with no indication of an islamic motive and the earlier reports about anti-foreigner remarks being apparently misattributed , we are pretty much completely at a loss regarding any kind of motive for the attack now . 
  the welt broadcast had an intersting point a few minutes ago about the parking garage rooftop ` conversation ' . 
  they had some kind of terrorism expert on ( i think ) who pointed out that the type of ` explanatory ' talk the suspect had is rather unusual for well-planned and ideologically motivated ( regardless of which political or religious direction ) attacks . 
  almost as if the suspect wanted to excuse himself from what happened . 
  it 's what he said at the end of that convo as well ( `` i 've done nothing ! '' ) . 
  it 's not something you expect from radical jihadis or fanatical neo-nazis or any other flavour of real , thoroughbred extremists . 
  the aimless wandering around also indicates the suspect did n't quite know what to do , suggesting that this was either not meticulously planned or the suspect at some point stopped following any potential plan . 
  edit : additional thing that just occured to me : would an ideologically motivated attacker not seize that conversation opportunity to proclaim his or her motivations ? 
  `` death to the west , allah akhbar ! '', 
  `` defend western culture , down with islam ! '', 
  `` bilderberg lizards , wake up sheeple ! '' . 
  anything . 
  they just had an image by image comparison from the mcdonalds shooter and the guy on the roof and it 's very likely it 's the same guy . 
  now they have a dude critiquing the shooter 's shooting stance , saying it 's not indicative of any training , more that it 's rather amateurish . 
   what worries me the most is that it seems so easy to kill a bunch of people without even being an expert in stuff like that . 
  look at the bright side . 
  even though something like this is literally very easy ( at least logistically ) , comparatively few people do shit like this given how many people would technically be in a position to do so . 
  maybe on the run in the subway tunnels . 
  the net seems to tighten , though . 
  that 's definitely true , accent and ethnicity alone do n't betray ideology and motivation . 
  still listening to welt live broadcast and it 's all dandy when the presentors and reporters are speaking hochdeutsch , but then they get this munich dude on and i suddenly have to start paying real attention to what 's being said , lol . 
  edit : well , my participation ends here because i seem to be banned from r/europe now for a day , and also from r/thenetherland s even though i have n't posted there in a while . 
  = / edit2 : that 's nice , lola , but i ca n't reply :p apparently my post about the_donald , which in retrospect may have not been suitable for this thread , is enough to get me banned for a day and exclude me from participating ... here and in my national sub , where i havent posted in a week or so ... edit3 : no u/ragnagord , the comment box does n't even show and i have the modmails informing me that i 'm banned because of `` flaming '' . 
  i even went through all my recent comments in this thread and i really ca n't see how im ` flaming ' people . 
  i 've responded to the modmails but nothing so far = / edit4 : well , appears it was in error , i was let out of the reddit penitentiary with a box of complimentary cornflakes . 
  's all good, 
  from what i understand of their fucked up theology ( radicals ) , yeah shooting yourself is suicide-suicide and that 's bad . 
  got ta take some ` enemies ' with you , that 's why they tend to blow themselves up or fight to the death/make authorities kill them . 
  just blowing your brains out is not the jihadi mo. 
  not ` evidence ' ofc , but another strong indication . 
  live thread , this thread , twitter video , german live broadcasts . 
  i do n't have an easy link for you to click , sorry . 
  my german is pretty good but the term ` selfgerichtet ' confused me . 
  is that suicide ? 
  i 've always heard it referred to as ` selbstmord ' . 
  edit : tnx for the replies all and yes u/blackout24 , i obviously meant to write ` selbst ' . 
  this is getting tiresome . 
  for almost an hour now , signs have been pointing towards right-wing terrorism , not jihadis . 
  please read the threads and live threads a little bit before you comment next time . 
  i just saw somethin that i thought was exceptionally notable within the context of the situation , but perhaps you 're right in the sense that i should n't have brought it up in this thread . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with that . 
  ah , so the upscaling could well have happened because of a confirmation of multiple suspects . 
  i dunno , `` islamophobia '' is an uncomfortable and vague term that i 'm not too fond of . 
  but the desire to see this as an islamic attack and the clear unwillingness to entertain any notion of the contrary , that 's definitely * something * , though i would n't be able to come up with a snappy phrase for it on the spot . 
  oh , true , but there 's a twitter vid of a shouted ` conversation ' between one of the alleged perps and someone else , and from that it seems very unlikely that that perp was muslim or arab or something like that . 
  unconfirmed reports dribbiling in of suspects saying things about ` shit foreigners ' and similar terms . 
  why do you say i 'm engaging in similar dialogue ? 
  my point is that the_donald , despite strong clues that the perps are * not * islamic terrorists being about 30 mins old now , is still very hardcore on the anti-muslim train , and anyone even * suggesting * otherwise , asking for confirmation , or bringing up the twitter videos of the supposed suspect speaking german with a clear german accent , saying he 's a german and that he hates * derogatory term for arabs/muslims * , is ridiculed and downvoted . 
  now , i 'm fairly certain i 'm not doing * that * . 
  officially ` upscaled ' to terror attack , though no word about motivation . 
  i wonder what the difference is between ` rampage ' and ` terror attack ( with guns ) ' constitutes for the german police . 
  half a dozen rampage school shootings since the 2000s enough ? 
  i mean ... there are like 80 million germans . 
  as if there are n't a few psychos or extremists amongst them that can snap ? 
  are you suggesting * i * am the one ` pushing an agenda ' over this ? 
  dear god , check their livethread on this and you 'll see why i brought i t up . 
  seriously , you should contract yourself to intelligence agencies because if you can determine ethnicity from * that * , your eyes are ** amazing ** . 
   germans are civilized people they would n't hurt each other are you fucking kidding me ? 
  `` crawl into erdogan 's ass , cancer sufferer '' enjoy your ban . 
  maybe his or their actions are n't ideologically motivated at all . 
  we just dont know yet . 
  that said , i generally do n't expect such shooters to be shining beacons of rationality . 
  you are blissfully unaware that all signs by now are pointing toward ethnically german perpetrators that are not doing this because of fucking jihad . 
  you could 've checked a few posts here and there before starting off on the `` huurrr islam '' trajectory . 
  when it 's ignorant groupthink on the same level as extremists , yes , i am concerned . 
  i 'm a heinous libtard hellbent to destroy european culture , i know , i know . 
  the_donalds thread on this is sickening and fascinating at the same time . 
  a furious and violent circlejerk against everything they hate , not hindered by * any * actual updates or understanding on the situation , and anyone who dares to suggest that it was n't what the trumpists think , flood of downvotes . 
  the_donald = right wing radical ` westlam ' . 
  edit : aaaay , downvotes . 
  seems the_donald posters found this comment . 
  do none of you read the goddamn newest posts/live threads before you make a comment ?
