  neo-fascism under the guise of anti-socialism is definitely on the rise , in an almost scary repeat of the actual rise of nazism . 
  lmao , you do n't even attempt to deny it either . 
  your honesty is admirable . 
  just a shame that for the rest as a person , you utterly disgust me . 
  a true racist . 
  a true white supremacist . 
  probably a true nazi as well , even though you deny * that * . 
  what i meant was , you 're literally not wrong about that poster . 
  he posts in r/whiterights and r/rhodesia . 
  i mean ... it almost could n't be clearer that he is a straight up white supremacist . 
  you 're a straight up white supremacist . 
  you 're not wrong . 
   he wanted to kill us because we were against him , not because we were polish . 
  holy shit , what the actual fuck ? 
  how can a pole be this ignorant ? 
  pack it in , boys 0_0, 
   stalin and his communism was a pinnacle of crimes against humanity . 
  huh ... not the guys with the literally industrialized death camps that churned through millions of polish citizens as if it was a meatpacking plant ? 
  not that the soviets were that much better , but ... literal death factories , man . 
  children , babies , everything through the grinder . 
   `` socialism is a range of economic and social systems characterised by social ownership and democratic control of the means of production you do realize that , socio-economically speaking , the nazis were anything but actually socialist ?? 
  the nail sense definition you 've already linked , the nazis totally did not do that like ... * at all * . 
  not even close . 
  hell , if anything it was more akin to a form of crony-capitalism . . , at least that 's what they more or less ended up * doing * . 
  the ** national-socialist ideology ** itself and its roots are a significantly different animal than ` traditional ' socialism and its many cousins and off-shoots , and the further away from the nazi roots you get , the less ` socialism ' in whichever form has to do with it . 
  you can even point out a few distinct moments , such as the elimination of r\u00f6hm . 
  lol, 
   to create a united army , you need a common ethnicity til that the roman legions were apparently shit, 
  i am asking you a direct question . 
  have you ever been locked up , as in locked up-locked up . 
  not as in , `` i 'm going to deprive myself of luxuries for a while '' , i 'm saying `` locked up '' . 
  it gives perspective . 
  you 're really , really angry are n't you ? 
  damn . 
  i 'm not challenging the validity of your numbers btw , i 'm challenging the context in which you present them . 
  oh yeah , regarding the actual article at the top of the thread , it 's definitely ridiculous . 
   throwing a writer or a journalist in jail is just plain wrong but a writer ca n't write whatever they want without legal consequences either . 
  if you 're a politician and i just make up a story about how you 're a pedophile , that 's libel/slander ( can never keep them apart ) and should , and is , punishable by law . 
  the way i see it , the really egregious breaches of historical facts are , in a way , libelous and slanderous as well , though obviously not aimed at an individual . 
   i realise that i have a huge bias coming from the experience of growing up in a totalitarian state , but i do n't believe that a government should be a teacher . 
  and i would tend to agree in general , but i think there 's a big big difference between the government dictating the facts of history without accepting criticism , as we 've seen happen in the ussr , and people in positions of academic responsibility creating and disseminating ridiculous theories that are really , quite undeniably , just blatant lies . 
  i admit that i 'm not particularly comfortable with national law dictating what can and ca n't be said either . 
  it 's certainly not perfect . 
  but when the alternative is that any whacko can claim the most ridiculous shit * and present it as truth * , i start to feel even more uncomfortable . 
  the best compromise lies somewhere in the middle of course , and it can be very difficult to narrow down . 
   slap offenders with a fine or directly order them to buy and read a bloody book about ww2 . 
  this would be an excellent solution for your random uneducated nobbo , but obviously it would n't work on types like david irving . 
  what would you suggest for cases such as him ? 
   i mean it 's just history . 
  history is never ` just history ' . 
  i upvoted you by the third sentence . 
  but i took it away when you claimed ` many germans ca n't accept ... ' . 
  that 's just blatantly false afaik . 
  in fact , i would n't be surprised if germany actually has less holocaust deniers and apologists per capita than various other european nations . 
   but i feel the same for people engaged in shoah denial . 
  they are massive idiots , but they should n't be jailed for their idiocy i dunno , man . 
  i 'd be more comfortable with a dude climbing on top of his soapbox in the park to claim that all jews are ` lesser people ' , than to have him do the same and claim ` the holocaust never happened ' , nearly always followed by ` it was a jewish conspiracy ' and ramblings about rothschilds and ` the mythical 6 million from the torah ' . 
  one thing is being a heinous bigot , the other is being a heinous bigot * and * spreading blatantly incorrect ideas in order to generate hatred against a particular group of people . 
  i 'm more comfortable with people just being a blatant asshole than with people literally denying sheer undeniable facts . 
   overall , we need more free speech , even if the speech is historically wrong , ignorant , even hurtful . 
  the solution can not be to jail people . 
   even hurtful sure , fine . 
   ignorant is one thing  is historically wrong i do n't want to see that . 
  that 's where i draw the line for me personally . 
  and before someone claims ` but history is n't an exact science and it should n't be stifled in closemindesness ' , there 's a big ass difference between asking legitimate academical questions and shit such as straight up holocaust denial , or holodomor denial , or red khmer denial , or stalinist denial , or ... etc etc. 
  fairly certain they have `` jihadi wings '' , where all the fuckknuckles are together without possibility to infect other inmates with their beliefs . 
  good . 
  fuck these guys . 
  you are choosing your feelings over facts . 
  i 'm going to stop responding to you now , btw . 
  lol okay , kid, 
  feefees vs facts . 
  stop acting like a tumblerina leftist . 
   oh , my , a westerner getting ad-hominem on someone after receiving opinions that differ from his own , how shocking . 
  you 've been doing that all thread long so do n't cry . 
  lol okay , kid . 
  so you ` believe ' things even though they are disputed by scientific research ? 
  that tells me all i need to know about you . 
  fee-fees over facts . 
  the irony , especially for someone complaining about pampered westerners !, 
  i have better things to do than do your googling for you . 
  you are arguing for a geocentric solar system here , i 'm not the one to explain heliocentrism to you . 
  educate yourself . 
  i doubt you 've read even one scientific study regarding rehabilitation and recidivism , but you expect me to serve them to you on a platter . 
  i 'm not your intellectual waiter . 
  you are arguing against fairly established research and that 's that . 
  do n't worry , though , you 're not unique at all . 
  a lot of people would rather listen to their feelings on this subject instead of facts . 
  i was the same when i was young . 
  he 's been arguing his feelings vs. established academia in this entire thread . 
  i do n't think you 're gon na get through to this dude ... 
  do you have * any * scientific evidence to support your claims that ` it is not unnecessary ' and ` it does n't ' ? 
  because the vast , vast majority of studies into this do not say you are right . 
  you are literally arguing your own feelings against decades of established academics ... fee-fees vs. facts . 
   no , they are n't . 
  lmao . 
  yes , yes , they are . 
  there have been significant amounts of research into prison life , rehabilitation and recidivism . 
  you 're taking your own personal experience from a while ago and think that must be monolithically applicable to everyone and anyone else , even in different circumstances . 
  `` aw man , it sucked in those tunnels .
