  so details like him murdering entire villages of jews , raping children or generally acting like any other empowered warlord would , well , it puts the religion into a certain perspective . 
  at the end of the day , no hadith seems to be primary source material . 
  to be nitpicky technical , it 's mostly hear-say , filtered down through generations . 
  as an enthusiast of history , i would not hold something like that up as undisputable evidence . 
  i 'm not saying muhammad was n't a massive dickwad according to our modern moral standards , because he was and in no way or form is his literal behaviour ( and not the spirit of it ) admirable in the 21st century . 
  and yes , it results in a massive problem with today 's islam when people insist on such literal and vacuous interpretations of the text . 
  but to use those texts as historical evidence up to an academic standard ? 
  i enjoyed this civil conversation with you so do n't take the following as an attack , but i think that as an ex-muslim there are still some vestiges of islamic thought within you ( due to upbringing , culture , religion etc etc ) that makes you think of the hadith as being reliable up to a high standard . 
  muslims obviously think they are , and as long as they do interpret the texts so literally and absolutely , the practical problems that flow from this will remain . 
  yet the hadith can not really be seen as reliable material up to the standard demanded by the discipline of modern history . 
  i found a pretty good r/askhistorians posts that concisely explains the problem : https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3pm6tg/what_are_the_most_reliable_sources_on_muhammad/, 
  in a way it does n't , no . 
  not as a practical 21st century problem . 
  the difference is that muslims will see the texts as divinely inspired , but non-muslims who bring it up to attack islam are then suddenly holding up islamic texts as undeniable historical proof . 
  that just seems odd to me , because those same texts come from very subjective ( because islamic ) authors that undoubtedly tried to paint it in a favourable light according to the morals and context of their day . 
  using religious texts that you do n't adhere to as absolute historical evidence is just a very dubious line of reasoning in my eyes , and not a small bit hypocritical since very , * very * few islam critics would flat out accept islamic text in any defense of the religion . 
  but when a small bit can be used to * attack * the religion , they 're suddenly all over it . 
  it 's reverse cherrypicking , in a way . 
  c'mon now , lawyers have twisted and bent over backwards to get their clients in the clear for centuries . 
  a lawyer saying shit to win a case is just a poor example for * whatever * point one tries to make . 
  lawyers will ** literally ** say anything to win a case ... 
  holy texts do not exactly have a flawless record when it comes to historical veracity ... that 's the main problem here . 
  edit : lmao @ the downvotes on this specific post . 
  from a historical context , the only fact is that * we simply do not know * . 
  for all the faults and deserved criticism of islam , all the muhammad pedo stuff is an odd attempt to attach relatively modern social mores to the supposed actions of a character that lived 1400 years ago . 
  it 's backdating someone as a pedophile based on rather thin and contradictory evidence . 
  was aisha 9 when he raped her ? 
  we do n't fucking know . 
  you say you do know ? 
  congratulations , you 're a muslim now . 
  or at least , you are taking islamic texts at absolute face value as historical evidence . 
  that 's an odd thing for an islam critic to do and it 's not historically responsible . 
  you claim one source as exceptionally credible and the others as non-credible . 
  from the little that i know about the situation , this is simply not true . 
  people try to credit or discredit sources when they do n't align with whatever point they wish to make , when the only historically objective position to take is `` we just do n't really know '' . 
  it 's even funnier when very outspoken anti-islam people think islamic scripture suddenly is undisputed truth when it happens to laterally support their point that muhamad was a heinous pedophile . 
  and of course the target is something jewish ... 
  lol, 
  lol , you were there ? 
  i 'm not exactly a fan of islam either , to put it mildly , but all these people claiming to know precisely what muhammad did or did n't do sexually is amazing . 
  and quite ridiculous . 
  you were very quick to downvote my initial comment and to say i was wrong , but 40 minutes later and you 've yet to offer any explanation for your rather outrageous claim that the dutch have more in common with americans than with other europeans . 
  so c'mon , let 's have it then . 
  how exactly do we have more in common with the us than with the belgians , the germans or the french ? 
   we have more in common with the us than we do with the rest of europe anyway uuuhm....n-no ? 
  not at all ? 
  not even close ? 
  project x : germany, 
  maybe it 's [ this guy ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/ultradragonball/images/e/e6/mrsatan.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20111002023648 ) . . 
   in short , police is n't here to do politics `` sepesia reported the letter read : `` criticism is sometimes made against police regarding information about people 's skin colour . 
  it is perceived as racist . 
  `` as police are not racist , nor shall be constructed as so , this directive now applied . '' if the police should only be concerned with security and prevention of crime , why are they so worried about seeming racist then ? 
  not to mention , if a disproportionate amount of crimes are committed by people with characteristic x , how is security and crime prevention served at all by suppressing that information ? 
  yesterday we saw an article where the swedish police advised women from a certain area to not go outdoors alone , because of the risk of sexual attacks . 
  if these sexual attacks are mainly perpetrated by migrants , how the hell is the security and safety of the public , in addition to the ability to protect oneself from potential crime , served by suppressing information , * just because the police does n't want to be seen as racists ?!, 
  * brilliant plan , that . 
  because the swedish police and , i assume by some extension , their justice department do not want to come across as racists , women in some areas should pretty much not go outdoors alone anymore , because certain people , who we wo n't name or define , might do awful things to you . 
  that 's not police work , that 's an unholy combination of regressive leftism and sharia law . 
  `` in the current climate , releasing the ethnicity of the offender can cause an increase in crime ( through harassment and violent retributions involving assaults and damage of public property ) '' yeah , i 'm sure actual , violent racists will take this lack of information as mature adults and refrain from violent retribution on the basis that all the facts are not known to them . 
  we all know that violent racists are reasonable , levelheaded people like that . 
  okay , now that we 've established that , do n't you think that this move by the swedish police is simply grist for the mills of the populists ? 
  some of the extreme ones are already pushing a conspiratory narrative about how europe 's leftist elite are trying to ` destroy european heritage ' or something and the more reasonable ones have been saying for a while that refusal to accurately define and determine problems , problems that need to be solved because it 's in * everyone 's * interest , not in the least of immigrants , is a big shortcoming of the political establishment ( not just the left ) ; a concern shared by many non-populists , centrists and realistic leftists . 
  in light of that , how can this course of action of the swedish police have * any other outcome * but to backfire spectacularly ? 
  the extreme populists are further strengthened in their belief that there 's a massive conspiracy afoot . 
  real racists will just assume all awful crimes are committed by immigrants now . 
  the reasonable populists just gain more ammunition to shoot . 
  the centrists and realistic leftists just look at this with a sigh and the realization that this is not the way forward . 
  it has n't been for the past 30 years and it sure as hell is not going to change now . 
  even people with no real ideological dog in the race will see this as an unreasonable suppression of information , eroding the support and trust of the public . 
  you deliberately choose to ignore my point . 
  do you really think the left is not partially to blame for the rise of the populist right ? 
  * really * ? 
  how you went from my point that swedish pc naivety can only increase support for populist parties because the left 's actions falls completely in line with the populist wet dream conspiracy , to the utter ruination of a country because front national somehow gets free reign of policy , is utterly and most definitely beyond me . 
  you 're like 30ft deep into the rabbit hole , man . 
   but hey , i 'm sure that having your economy ruined , antagonizing businesses everywhere , pissing off every ally , neighbor and partner you have , further eroding civil and human rights nationwide and generally fostering a toxic environment of mutual hatred and distrust is a worthy trade-off for police having to write `` brown guy killed white guy '' in their press reports . 
  holy speculation , batman !, 
  absolutely incredible . 
  even better is that the insanely politically correct ` regressive left ' that comes up with this shit will lament the rise of the populist and extreme right in a while and then wonder how that could 've happened . 
  yeah gosh , i really have no idea ... no idea at * all * what * possibly * could 've caused people to support more extreme parties ... 
  if you want to stoop to his level that 's your decision , but it does n't make your choice of words any less ridiculous . 
  `` mr. satan has lived in germany for 23 years , but his language skills are n't good enough to have a conversation in german . '', 
  = / how does one even ... ? 
   ( you know , the one where they murdered all the innocent people just because they did n't like them ) for all the clusterfuck that the iraq war was , that 's a * very * loaded way to phrase it . 
  as if countries participated in the iraq war for the sole purpose of ` killing some hajis ' . 
  that 's bullshit , you know that too . 
   but german/spanish clubs are technically superior to english teams . 
  barca and real can be utterly amazing and are without a shadow of a doubt clubs in the absolute european top , with atletico rubbing up against that . 
  sevilla and villarreal are solid european subtop . 
  but outside of that ? 
  are celta de vigo and eibar to be feared that much ? 
  is bilbao so much better than west ham ? 
  what i do n't understand is that those leftists do n't understand that this can only backfire . 
   this all ties into the original question which got asked about whether there was any european country which did not collaborate with the nazis and my resounding answer is : te uk . 
  i still vehemently object to the use of the word `` collaboration '' when used for small , neutral countries like ireland . 
  tacit acceptance , especially from the perspective of a small country 's need for realpolitik , certainly is not the same as collaboration , especially collaboration from an ideological perspective . 
  we ca n't sit here and claim that refusal to collaborate with one warring side is tantamount to collaborating with the other side . 
  to punish those men * after * the war was over and germany was in ruins is rather vindictive , i will give you that . 
  yet you can hardly say that dissuading desertion of irish defence forces personnel in those days was somehow ridiculous . 
  not to mention that post-war vindictiveness towards deserters , who had their hearts in the right places obviously , is irrelevant when we 're talking about what ireland could 've / should 've done more * during * ww2 . 
   why the hell does me being british matter ?
