  i do n't see it as a negative . 
  dude delivers a fantastic rationale of his argument and you come up with that weaksauce reply ? 
  sad . 
  aerial city bombing was explicitly cut from the n\u00fcrnberg trial charges because the ( western ) allies realized full well that their own strategic air offensive would be the high water mark in that regard . 
  if they had actually prosecuted germans , on any scale ( airman to general ) , for city bombing , the allies would 've been massive hypocrites . 
  so they did n't . 
  and the post-war trials focused heavily on direct murdering of civilians without any military value or objective . 
  such as the holocaust , generalplan ost , all those lovely things . 
  to bring up `` muh dresden '' within the context of prosecuting staunch nazis that personally participated in genocide is a double fallacy whammy , neatly combining a false equivalence and some whataboutism in one . 
  the germans responsible for the bombings of guernica , warsaw , coventry ( and the list goes on ... ) were n't prosecuted for war crimes either , skippy . 
  turkish govt going full retard on this . 
  impressive . 
  let 's see how it works out , gollum . 
  i 'm far from knowledgeable in economics , but if turkey imposes sanctions that hurt foreign ( in this case dutch ) investments in the turkish economy , would n't that just erode trust in the turkish economy for any potential foreign investors ? 
  this is where former f-1 driver jarno trulli is from . 
  are you people available for private sessions with lots of leather , rope , and little banhammers ? 
  so the mods are basically fascist death panels led by brussels ? 
  no , it 's not a crime or even a misdemeanour . 
  second battle of the sound will be a glorious thing !, 
  remember that you got 100 in the freedom index and we got 99 . 
  better now ? 
  one can say it 's populism-lite to say it , but is n't it really just common fucking sense ? 
  i think we found jesus ' hideout !, 
  feel bad , finland ] ( http://countryballs.net/_nw/4/70865905.png ), 
  to make you feel better , this kind of stupidity , and worse , has always been present on earth . 
  modern media just makes you more aware of it . 
  their top election results were around the 32/33 % mark . 
  i still clearly remember the day i voted for hitler myself . 
  how is the turkish political landscape now that the coup is somewhat in the near past ? 
  is there any chance of a unified front against erdowahn and the akp ? 
  it sounds retarded , but it actually seems a pretty good rule . 
  something like a flag catching fire indoors can go very bad very quickly . 
  [ the true face of dutch trade ] ( http://www.samsarafairtrade.com.au/images/07ak7032.jpg ), 
  funny enough , the english for leverworst is just ` liverwurst ' . 
  they picked it up from german i think and just never changed it . 
  oh wow , with a good mc that could be totally fire , those lyrics are fucking hilarious . 
  that 's not an official set ofc . 
  the beauty of lego is that with enough blocks , imagination , and some skill one can build nearly anything , 
  you eat rotten fish , wtf , get out of here , gaykea !, 
  flatlander circlejerk only . 
   they 're basically threatening with war ? 
  nah , they 're threatening us with their embarrassing ignorance of history . 
  [ porcupine bank . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/porcupine_bank ) i 'm guessing the object came from a roman ship wreck . 
  though that 's pretty far at sea for that level of ship technology . 
  erdogan insulting your country is like a rite of passage these days . 
  phd in `` retaliatory measures '' from mussolini university . 
  just when you thought it could n't get more cringy , geert delivers . 
  nobody loves potatoes more than little latvia . 
  besides , you 're in our pot as well . 
  stop the infighting and drink your tyskie !, 
  we must present a starch front against our mutual enemies . 
  it was the jews !, 
  pot 6 is the potato pot , no doubt !, 
  proud potato master race !, 
  all embrace , my starchy brethren !, 
   in the u.s. , even most `` neapolitan-style '' pizzerias do n't offer this pizza . 
  that 's some grade a heresy right there . 
   there is n't much constructive discussion here . 
  says the t_d poster who constantly brings his shitty hysterical t_d arguments and talking points to this sub . 
  does the concept of self-awareness even mean * anything * to you ? 
  i do n't disagree that russian leadership has legitimate worries that power blocks controlled from 6600km have more influence on russia 's neighbours than russia itself . 
  obviously . 
  but you 're talking about * invasion * and * destruction * . 
  those are quite extreme terms . 
  clarkson pretty much just pokes fun at * everything * . 
  nothing seems to be holy for him , including ( especially ) himself . 
  that 's why i like the guy . 
  this reminds me of the sopranos episode where tony , christopher and paulie went to naples to try and make a deal with the camorra there . 
  they 're really looking forward to the food and everything , but when they get there it 's all stuff they 're not familiar with and are a bit apprehensive about . 
  tony 's wife calls and she asks : `` the food , how 's the food ? '', 
  and he goes `` eh , it 's alright . 
  lot of fish ... '' it was low key funny but certainly did hint at that disconnect . 
   rarely i contribute as much since more can be desired from my english yet you wrote a faultless and eloquent comment :p, 
   although , of the 3 i like kimi the most :-)  bwaaaaaaah  bwaaah checks out !, 
  you were talking about invasion . 
  i ask you again , who is going to invade russia ? 
  who the fuck is going to invade russia ? 
  that 's just an idiotic excuse . 
   and have respected the judiciary . 
  hahahaaaaaaaaa , what ? 
  and yet i 'm pretty convinced that he does n't really care about those things , it 's just ammunition for him to continue his crusade . 
  tbh i tend to agree with zwemvest . 
  i do n't think wilders gives a shit about lgbt marriage or abortion rights . 
  if he could gain votes by hating those things , he probably would . 
  he 's an opportunist without much intrinsic morals . 
  if it 's not useful to him in bashing muslims or islam , he does n't care about it . 
  `` feck off , you cunts '', 
  i thought this comment finally cleared up your flair for me , but then i reminded myself that some asians are absolutely gods at drinking , so i 'm still unsure if vietnamese in poland or polish in vietnam ... 
  the ages are for application pretty much . 
  you wo n't really be a commissioned fighter pilot until you 're 23/24 . 
  i can nearly guarantee you that those 43 pilots in the 17-24 bracket are 23 or 24 . 
  but at least you 're all talking about it , to some extent or another . 
  i think the hivemind thing is an unfortunate facet of reddit itself . 
  that said , r/europe apparently goes through phases where it sees an influx of extreme right-wingers . 
  this probably creates a general backlash against more right-wing opinions as well . 
  obviously there 's nothing wrong with normal , rational conservative opinions , or a sensible left-right economic divide , but when you have tons of the_dunce posters spamming their swedish-german grenade rape horde memes as if they are serious arguments , i think it tends to put the rest of the sub in militant mode . 
  it certainly does that for me at least . 
  i 've defended way too many people and things that i do n't even like against dumbass argument just because they 're dumbass arguments . 
  well ... i mean ... priorities !,
