  the embracing of those ` football identities ' in turn spurred rival clubs on to continue with anti-semitic messages , if only as an ` established ' back-and-forth with their rivals now . 
  anno 2016 it can be very difficult to separate the football rivalry from the genuine anti-semitism . 
  and the anti-semitism * is * in there , absolutely , but a whole stand shouting `` hamas , hamas , jews to the gas ! '', 
  is , luckily , a lot less terrifying than it actually seems . 
  the overwhelming majority do n't mean a word of it and , these days , are more likely to hold a negative view of muslims than jews . 
   if you ca n't afford healthcare you get it for free . 
  in the us ? 
  regardless of all the recent coup shenanigans and erdogan 's crackdown , if turkey is acting sensibly in this , the eu should support it morally , logistically and financially . 
  tottenham and ajax ultras have , for a large part , embraced that jewishness however . 
  there 's a bit of nuance in that . 
  i never proclaimed pakistan a paradise . 
  all i said was that there are better examples . 
  i 'm going to stop responding because you seem angry and belligerent . 
  but she * did * become pm . 
  compare that to a saudi arabia or afghanistan . 
  which are better examples . 
  which was my entire original point . 
  and i never disputed that women 's rights in pakistan are a troubled issue . 
  strawman argument . 
  lmao downvoted upon posting . 
  ah , the old ad-hominem . 
  my original point was that as an example of a country where a female imam is unimaginable , there are better examples than pakistan , because even though there is plenty of fundamentalist opposition to women over there , they had a female pm from 88-90 and 93-96 . 
  i never denied there is large anti-women extremist sentiment in pakistan . 
  but pakistan is a large place . 
  prime minister on multiple occasions is ` one lark ' and does n't disprove that women ca n't ` ca n't do much of anything ? 
  i was n't suggesting the truckers want to drive over them , but this type of shit easily leads to accidents . 
  yes , pakistan can be an awful place . 
  but you ca n't claim pakistan as a broad stroke example of `` a woman ca n't do x there '' when they had a female pm in the bloody 80s , long before quite a number of western countries . 
  the country that elected suspiciously female looking benazir bhutto to power in 1988 ? 
  that pakistan ? 
  there are ` better ' islamic countries to use in your cheeky criticism than pakistan . 
   just a shame she has to keep it secret out of fear for her and the mosque goers safety . 
  `` maryam mosque '' in copenhagen isnt hard to find and the news about the women imam is all over the internet , lol . 
  you did n't even spend 5 secs of googling before you made that comment , did you ? 
  these people are seriously endangering themselves and traffic on the motorway . 
  they should be arrested and if found to do the same again , locked up in a temporary camp for their own safety . 
  then you figure out where they are from and deport them . 
  an illegal immigrant who keeps their head down , finds a job and tries to make a living is one thing . 
  an illegal immigrant who apparently knows only violence is quite another . 
  it 's just that it 's a large and potentially complicated topic that is n't easily condensed into a two paragraph post . 
  the causes for football violence and football rivalries vary wildly , yet sometimes come together . 
  the basics are the basics , but you 'll have to look at specifics to gain a better understanding . 
  ajax v. feyenoord is n't the same as celtic v. rangers or red star belgrade v. dinamo zagreb, 
  one can have this rant about most things that are popular and involve a lot of money ... 
  there 's a complete wiki about it even : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_hooliganism, 
  do widzew ultras ` identify ' as jews ? 
  it seems a bit similar to the ajax and feyenoord rivalry here , with feyenoord ultras being no stranger to anti-semitic chants themselves . 
  but , it has to be said , ajax ultras and even elements of the normal supporter base do ` identify ' partially as a. . . sort of jewish organization . 
  this has its roots in the late 60s and early 70s , mostly through club doctor salo muller and the players ' affection for him ; bit of an odd story that maybe an ajacied here can expand more upon . 
  in any case , the ajax fans came to pick up this ` jewish identity ' as a [ ` geuzennaam ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reappropriation#politics ) : `` the dutch and german languages actually have a separate word for such a term , `` geuzennaam '' ( dutch , commonly used ) and `` geusenwort '' ( german , used among linguists ) . 
  these words derive from the geuzen , i.e. , dutch opponents to spanish rule in the 16th century , who eventually created the netherlands under william of orange . 
  being derisively called `` beggars '' ( `` gueux '' in french of the era ) by their opponents , they appropriated a dutchified form of the word as their own `` battle name '' . 
  in french during the french revolution the word `` sans-culottes '' ( literally `` without knee-breeches '' , which were worn by the upper classes ) gained a similar meaning . '', 
  so feyenoord fans do yell some horrible shit at times , but for the majority it 's just to piss off their rivals on the other side , it does n't have a real anti-semitic core . 
  in that case i may have misconstrued your point and overreacted . 
  apologies . 
  you 're saying repression works . 
  \\* insert obligatory confused jackie chan here *, 
  and the law just fell from the sky , right ? 
  it 's not like the law was written by the people according to their values or anything ? 
  just ... * fwiiiiiiieeeeet twhumpf * and there it is ? 
  pff , they never even invited a massive italian delegation to kalkriese only to ambush them in the forest . 
  nazis = traitors to the germanic heritage . 
  on any other day , mention any tangential positive effect about 70 years of communist repression and you will have a horde of angry eastern europeans downvoting every post you make in the next two weeks . 
  but spin it around to be anti-islam and ey presto , upvotes . 
  the hypocrisy makes me sick, 
  `` dutch party wants to outlaw mosques , islamic schools , koran ''   first it 's not muslims we do n't like , but those who are radicalised uhm ... no ? 
  it clearly states it right there . 
  it is n't ` radicalised muslims ' , he wants to ban islam entirely or force it into the bushes . 
  old skool c00l haagjespreken . 
  a monopoly , no . 
  but the crux of ` western values ' are known , many great minds wrote them down . 
  there 's no ambiguity about what they mean and stand for . 
  what makes the 20 % think they can pick and choose from those western values what they wish ? 
  aye , american missionaries are seriously complicit in fostering the rise of christian fundamentalism and extremism in africa . 
  something that 's barely ever acknowledged by themselves , oddly enough . 
  us missions basically send their own hate preachers to the continent . 
  it should n't matter that we have an islamist party in our political landscape . 
  as long as they advocate islamism through democracy and reject violence , they are merely the islamic equivalent of the sgp , who are our very own ` polder-taliban ' . 
  the sgp advocates for a total rejection of enlightenment values and a return to hardcore christian theocracy . 
  took the words out of me mouth . 
  i * literally * never managed to make it past the first dozen pages . 
  one of the worst written books of all time . 
  a big pile of dense horseshit . 
  `` dort , wo man b\u00fccher verbrennt , verbrennt man am ende auch menschen '' heinrich heine - 1821 not exactly right before the whole nazi thing kicked off , but heine was a vilified person by the nazis because they did n't think he was true to germany 's cultural roots , whatever the fuck that may have been . 
  heine was jewish btw . 
  lmao , just 40 years ago , christianity still had a such a grip on my own little tolerant country that any woman who got married was * obliged by law * to stop working . 
  14th of july 1976 , only then was full equality in marriage guaranteed by law and were married women allowed to have a job . 
  christianity only became compatible with actually liberal values a few decades ago . 
  fuck , if the vitriol from the religious right is any indication , we should ban christianity * and * islam ** both ** tomorrow . 
  but people would n't want that , no no , only the shitty brown people need to get banned , right ? 
  these false equivalencies are doing me right the fuck in . 
  as if christianity is so sweet and liberal , fuck off , it sure as shit is not . 
  religious freedom is a western value because we were tearing ourselves apart over it for a while . 
  then we figured , hmm , this shit is n't worth it . 
  they draw a lot of protest and populist votes , but with our coalition system , just being the plurality party does n't count for much unless you 're bringing ridiculous numbers to the table to turn you into the majority party . 
  thing is , no other party would want to form a government with the pvv because of their positions like this . 
  so even if they 're technically the largest party , unless they drop the idiocy and get a bit more reasonable , they will consign themselves to shouting from the sideline . 
  lolgeert on the loltrain . 
  `` why do n't we like muslims ?! '',
