  `` that 's why having crossbows popular in your country is the opposite of fearing your people '' i 'm sure that 's why history shows that the french did the complete opposite of that ... 
  ... how good are these clowns at digging themselves just deeper into the hole ? 
  does this i ( diot ) mam even realize what he 's saying ? 
  if women dressing ` provocatively ' and wearing perfume elicits this kind of response from certain muslims , and this imam finds that somehow logical , is he not by extension saying that a large amount of these muslims are * almost literally * nothing short of animals ? 
  i 'm not sure that 's the line of reasoning this i ( diot ) mam is keen to follow ... `` nah , it 's okay , we just totally ca n't behave ourselves or repress our baser urges for more than 10 minutes !, 
  it 's just culture , guize ! '', 
  oh , absolutely . 
  apart from the very unknown area of medieval armour and arrowhead composition ( metallurgically ) , i 've always found these `` shoot the propped up breastplate from 10 yards '' tests awfully unrealistic . 
  why exactly would a poor , untrained peasant who is stuck in feudal serfdom have an expensive crossbow laying around ? 
  yes , that 's my understanding as well . 
  not so much the shape of them , but the forging ( and hardening ? ), 
  process made these arrows much stronger in terms of being able to actually punch through a piece of plate and the underlying protection . 
  to punch through mail . 
  a typical bodkin point has a square ` body ' , this was to break the individual links in mail and allow the arrow to penetrate . 
  a typical square bodkin arrow is absolutely useless for trying to penetrate proper plate armour . 
  as stated below , this is a common misconception . 
  bodkin arrows were not designed to pierce plate at all . 
  the bodkin point as a concept predated plate armour and changed as time passed . 
  this is a common misconception . 
   imagine you are a ruler newly come to power . 
  you have enemies both foreign and domestic , you need to raise an army in a matter of months . 
  interesting you say it like this , because oddly enough i feel the article is making a similar point regarding the political differences between england and france at the time . 
  england was politically quite stable . 
  new rulers did not have that many domestic enemies . 
  the threat of a large body of trained warriors ( such as the yeoman class ) being used against you was not that great . 
  in contrast with france , where the threat of these people turning against the crown * was * significant . 
  that 's why the french did n't want large numbers of yeomen running around . 
  i certainly do n't want to call that ` economics ' . 
  in terms of actual economics , i do n't see why the crossbow would be cheaper at all . 
  you need to buy a lot of crossbows regularly and/or set up domestic production and/or hire mercenaries . 
  none of these options were economically cheap at all and in the case of setting up domestic production , certainly not short-term either . 
  and whilst the support for the longbow from the english crown certainly would n't have cost nothing at all , it 's not like the crown had to nearly bankrupt itself to keep financing archery tournaments . 
  i would much more share all these factors under ` political ' instead of ` economical ' . 
  the french had plenty of money and at least a hundred years to adapt . 
  certainly that 's enough economical wiggle room to have been able to adopt the longbow as a mainstay of their fighting forces . 
  and yet they did n't . 
  the article bringing up the lack of a socio-political environment and political will to do so is a very strong point imo . 
  compared to a contemporary crossbow , the longbow was cheaper , more reliable , had about the same * effective * range , enough penetration power to be sufficient whilst having a very significant rate of fire advantage . 
  the bowmen were supposed to train in their private time . 
  that does n't cost the crown any money . 
  the notion that it takes a relatively long time to create a body of good archers is something that i would n't file under ` economics ' , really . 
  i find the article 's point about social stability more believable in this case , especially since it also talks at length about the other factors you claim are more important . 
  you did n't read the article either , did ya ? 
  it shows . 
  i 've just read the article and the longbow was tactically superior and economically cheaper . 
  so why is it ` economics ' that the french or scots did n't adopt the longbow ? 
  the french and scots * wanted * to spend more money on crossbows ? 
  you should read the article ... it 's not economics ... 
  ^ only guy so far to have actually read the article it seems ^ :p edit : would like to add to it that the english yeomen were n't exactly peasants anymore either . 
  compared to france and other continental powers , english society was more dynamic . 
  yeomen archers , because 1 . ), 
  they were important and 2 . ), 
  often worked as mercenaries had a certain upwards social mobility to them . 
  being a succesful english archer could mean an increase in social standing and rank , not to mention wealth . 
  certain famous english military figures of the period started their career as a humble longbowman , moving up the social ladder as time passed . 
  this means that the english yeoman class had relatively little interest to rock the domestic boat , if you will . 
  things were going well for them in the big picture . 
  why fuck that up ? 
  there 's that political stability again . 
  pretty interesting . 
  certainly a novel look on the case i have n't heard before . 
  you are ? 
  i thought turkey 's economy was doing very well . 
  the term was invented and clearly defined by a liberal left-wing muslim . 
  oh , it certainly would n't work vs a me bureaucrat , of course . 
  but once they find out they ca n't advance european bureaucracy by having the right connections , being very nice or outright bribes , they might resort to playing the drama card in order to try and guilt others into helping them that 's where that arab penchant for drama comes in . 
  the refugee throwing his wife and child on the train tracks , the threatening with constant hunger strikes ( `` the food is bad here !, 
  i 'm going on a hunger strike ! '', 
  ) , the manipulation of children as tools in a propaganda push to be portrayed as victimized as possible ... 
  aye , these refugees are n't exactly coming from places with a well-structured , ( relatively ) efficient and most importantly , corruption-free and neutral civil bureaucracy . 
  and ofc , having an oppressive regime does n't automatically mean that every civil servant is * literally hitler * , but its administrative culture is definitely different from what we know and would expect by western/north-west european/german standards . 
  combine that with the obvious arab penchant for dramatism and situations such as sketched by the article are not inconceivable at all . 
  unfortunately it just shows how far many of these people are from smooth integration . 
  `` grain for their mills '' , as we say in my country . 
  sexy aids , dope aids or a relatively balanced combo of the two ? 
  i think it also has to do a little bit with how arab/middle eastern bureaucracy works compared to european bureaucracy . 
  that 's a pretty decent summary . 
  what are you suggesting exactly ? 
  that this woman 's story is not trustworthy ? 
  that it 's doctored ? 
  what ? 
  i like to heap scorn onto extreme right-wingers for their infantile and conspiratory world views as much as the next man , but when shit like this , `` reads like a daily mail fantasy '' indeed , hits the open air with a `` yeap , this happened '' banner ... i do n't know wtf to think anymore . 
  [ brain is like ... ] ( https://houseofgeekery.files.wordpress.com/2012/08/jackie-chan-whut.jpg ), 
   i started leaving my baguette at home . 
  does this not diminish your powers as a frenchman ? 
  still a good day , because he did n't have to use his ak . 
  definitely was , still is somewhat i suppose . 
  he stopped making cabaret shows about a decade ago , then performed some of his dutch material in the uk ( in english ofc ) , before returning to the comedy stage a few years ago with a new show , which got a somewhat lukewarm reception . 
  i mean , he definitely is still a big name , but he has n't done much lately . 
  he 's not in the public eye anymore , really . 
  edit : whilst checking his wiki i saw he has a new show planned for the latter part of 2016 !, 
  i am excite !, 
  is the croatian government cooperating with ~ ~ erdogan 's fascist theocracy club ~ ~ the turkish government in this ? 
  we had a comedian pretend to fuck the queen on stage . 
  we 're good , i 'd say . 
  aye , they 're `` bad '' neighourhoods compared to general dutch standards , but a far cry from a real ghetto or seriously impoverished area . 
  if part of culture x encompasses denial of certain human rights to certain groups within culture x 's society , we also ca n't * not * change their culture without forgetting about human rights . 
  i like it !, 
  this should 've been done globally . 
  did you just say there 's no worship involved regarding dprk leaders ?
