  because the dprk totally does n't deify their glorious leaders at all , right ? 
  i do n't understand why people keep coming up with the dprk as some ultra-atheist state . 
  you 're just saying that because `` eru illuvatar '' sounds vaguely turkish :p, 
  that makes sense . 
  0.0 % was just way too low to be believable . 
  not the easiest article to wrestle through but definitely interesting , if not a bit frightening . 
  if simple education about social-sexual mores does n't work or even worse , acts counter productively , what then is the solution to this exceptionally undesirable phenomenon ? 
  also true , yes , islam is a very political religion in itself . 
  which is no wonder , of course . 
  ` their guy ' was a warlord , governor , lawmaker , etc. 
  you 're going to get a pretty political faith that way . 
   and the kind of partisan and generalizing attitude you guys are displaying here  not just broad generalizations about muslims or ` lefties ' or what have you . 
  i want arguments , not just ` cologne muslims hurr durr ' . 
   or ... you can not be so judgmental and partisan . 
  you 're pretty firmly and obviously in a certain kind of political camp . 
  l-o-l . you 're doing exactly the same . 
   i think what it tells us is that terrorism is more political than religious . 
  unless it 's sectarian religious violence of course . 
  of which there exists a metric buttload in the middle east . 
  the upsurge of the populist parties started long before the economic crisis . 
  i do n't think this is an adequate explain-it-all , at all . 
  yet if the media is consistent in this behaviour and , as you suggest , people seeking to rail against the establishment are a consistent factor in society and politics , what then is the explanation for this surge in the popularity of these parties ? 
  they sure as hell would n't be as popular as they are now , that 's for certain . 
  and when you speak of ` relentless media ' , where , here in the nethies ? 
  majority of the media does n't exactly ` buddy up ' to wilders at all . 
   but there 's huge problems with either their apathy of the bad stuff or their justification of it on the basis of there being good stuff . 
  and this behaviour from the established political order is * exactly * why the pvv and similar parties are so popular right now . 
  the pvv is not worse than the rest in this regard , they are just more blatant . 
  yeah , tax-evaders move to belgium . 
   giving the right a total monopoly on the discussion of immigration and islam is a mistake europe 's left might never recover from . 
  great point . 
  i never understood why we even let this happen ... was it out of a sense of self-serving moralistic egotism projected as an immediate disagreement with whatever ` the right ' said ? 
  `` look at them being a bunch of fascists , we 're going to do the opposite because we 're the bestest and gudestest people ! '', 
  y' know , couple months ago , if someone were to tell me that immigrants are perpetrating sexual assault en-masse and that the ruling powers try to cover it up , i would 've called that someone an idiotic conspiritard that probably has a runic tattoo somewhere on his body . 
  now , with the events of the past few weeks , i 'm not sure what to think anymore . 
  because what sounded like a poorly concocted 2 a.m. conspiracy theory turned out to be , for the most part , true . 
  so yeah ... = /, 
  true , fortuyn faked his own death and is chilling on a tropical island with cobain , tupac and elvis . 
   and i do n't think they would do well in charge of the government . 
  obviously . 
  even assuming wilders himself was n't such a stained character , it 's still the curse of the rebellious one-man party : you ca n't find competent people to stand by your side . 
  the amount of weird pvv lunatics that we 've seen in only a decade or so outclasses any other political parties ' offering of madmen by a fair margin . 
  you ca n't run a serious political party with ` letterboxpissers ' and wifebeaters . 
  yeah , let 's have policy be influenced about your memories of fucking star trek ... i 'm sure that 's a sane and rational approach to government . 
  museum thefts and the eastern-european penchant to nick and melt down anything that 's made of precious metals . 
   the enormity of the irony of this statement amuses me . 
  the pvv routinely makes generalizations of a far more offensive and illogical nature . 
  what comes around goes around . 
  the greater irony of * that * statement amuses me even more . 
  the pvv is often attacked , and sometimes rightfully so , by the left for making sweeping generalizations about muslims or foreigners . 
  then the left wags her finger and say that 's very mean and you should n't do that . 
  and they have a point . 
  yet the hilarity really begins when that same left just does a full 180 and seemingly has no problem at all painting the pvv and her supporters as a bunch of uneducated fascists . 
  a decent amount of pvv ` ers might be racist twats , but the ease with which the left demonizes the pvv for generalizing , only to generalize the pvv itself in turn is reaching new mind-boggling levels of hypocrisy . 
  not really . 
  the pvv was a ` gedoogpartner ' . 
  it 's when a minority cabinet relies on an ` outside ' party to support her policies , without the ` outside party ' actually being a part of said cabinet . 
  israeli psy-trance < 3, 
  would you rather vote for the clown who at least acknowledges that the circus tent is on fire , or the lion trainer and the circus director who are still ignoring that the flames are consuming the tent canvas ? 
  they mostly call themselves moroccans ... 
  yeah it 's not the gun it 's the operator . 
  with the advent of computer games and every cod kiddie wanting to be ` teh 1337 sniper ' , i think the large majority of people vastly underestimate how difficult long range target shooting is . 
  you still seem to fail at grasping the concept of an explanation and you seem to be very aimed at twisting my words . 
  i 'm very much done talking to you . 
  that 's why orban brings this up now , obviously . 
  the events of the past two weeks is fuel on the fire for him . 
   it flying at 10,5 km should have rang some bells . 
  i agree , it should 've rang some bells . 
  that 's why i would wager that the buk crew were n't russian professionals but separatists who did n't really know what they were doing all that well . 
  russian military is afaik still very top-down structured . 
  meaning orders come very much from the top . 
  i very much doubt an individual telar vehicle commander , probably not even an officer when deployed normally , has the authority to make a shootdown call . 
  which means , i think , that any russian military shootdown order would 've come from someone who would be well aware of the risks of shooting semi-blind at a target flying at airliner altitude and all the repercussions that would flow from fucking it up . 
  something that can not be said from a bunch of separatists with a vague idea of how the weapon works , yet fuck-all in the way of iads intel or national responsibility . 
  i find your reasoning not logical at all . 
  the ` but ' does not automatically equate defence or justification of these attacks , i am placing them within a contextual framework where one should not be surprised that racists start hitting people * if you give them a stick to beat people with * . 
  imo , one can look at the role of the government in this as partially a ` provider ' . 
  they unwittingly sold these racists the gun they commit their crimes with . 
  that 's not an excuse or a defence of random violence , it 's an * explanation * . 
  okay , if you 're going to claim for the umpteenth time that i 'm defending or justifying these attacks whilst i have literally denounced their actions multiple times already , i 'm just going to stop talking to you because this is going nowhere . 
  hmm , that 's interesting . 
  in defence of the morrocans and turks over here ( huhu , for a change ) , they really do have a hard history with bouncers over the years . 
  some , maybe even quite a few , immigrant youths are shitheads that cause trouble , but many clubs and ` horeca ' establishments reacted to that by denying entry to every maroc that showed up . 
  back when i used to go out a lot , if we had a non-dutch lad in the group we had to make sure he got in with the rest of us and that we made clear that he was with us , otherwise no joy . 
  i can imagine that 'd piss me off too . 
  regardless , thanks for the frank replies , mate , and i 'm glad you enjoy it here :p sorry for the weather tho, 
  i do n't think there 's much of a difference between saying it 's * logical * and that it could be * ( reasonably ! ), 
  expected * . 
  i do n't think calling it logical immediately means it 's a reasonably thing within a moral framework , just that 's a result that one might `` reasonably have expected '' . 
  however , that 's really mostly semantics . 
  i do n't see how you could see my second paragraph as a justification for these attacks . 
  i 'm not justifying anything . 
  not justifying the cat taking the pork chop either . 
  fuck you , cat , that 's my pork chop . 
  my argument is that if a first party commits a deplorable act that they feel they are compelled to commit because of certain circumstances , the third party that ( un ) intentionally created or helped create these circumstances is not entirely blameless . 
  i see . 
  have you ever felt that people prejudiced you based on your non-ethnic dutch looks , or perhaps more interestingly so , made a 180 turn when they found out you * were n't * turkish/morrocan ? 
  black , white or coloured ? 
  wondering because you speak about a very positive immigration experience here and i 'm curious how much actual or perceived racism ( or lack thereof ) could 've had to do with it . 
  what 's your country of origin and where in the nethies did you end up ?
