  many ca n't . 
  and all they will take away from this is the headline . 
  given the history of investigating everything clinton-related , i choose to be firmly skeptical of any ` new ' investigations . 
  at this point , it really is looking as if the gop is already convinced the clintons are guilty . 
  they 're just looking for a crime . 
  fucking hell , even kenneth starr is somewhat embarrassed about the shit he led in the 90s , man ... 
  i 'd say any healthy skeptic is , at this point , very wary about this shit . 
  so referring an investigation into the clintons is separate and unrelated to another investigation into the clintons and it 's ridiculous to bring one up when talking about the other , even though both are investigations into the clintons ? 
  okay ... you chose a weird hill to die on ... 
  aye , and the fact that you had to translate the relevant part to highlight the proper context is enough proof for me that op had ulterior motives when posting this . 
  which is confirmed when you read his comments in the topic . 
  oh , welt itself is n't part of it ofc . 
  but the angry right-wing loves to post pieces such as this , pull it out of context and parade it like it 's amazing . 
  ofc , that 's only when it 's something they like . 
  if it 's not something they like , it 's back to ` liberal controlled msm ' . 
  i responded to a comment about investigations . 
  you 're bringing up irrelevant things . 
  one piece of weird border sorted , 247 left to go !, 
  that 's not the point , obviously . 
  the clintons have been investigated for three decades by now . 
  how much stuck again ? 
  the gop witchhunt against them , it 's ridiculous . 
  effective though . 
  us electorate = bunch of rubes . 
  oh , the very impartial fbi . 
  is it going to be as effective as the 7 ( 8 ? ), 
  congressional hearing into benghazi that have turned up * so much dirt * ( read : nothing ) ? 
  i repeat : yawn, 
  can we keep the right-wing outrage/conspiracy media off this sub , please ? 
  go to uncensorednews or any of those other shitholes to post this , plz . 
  cf has been audited by multiple charity watchdogs , all gave it high marks , but it does n't matter to some people , does it ? 
  if they really want to see a conspiracy , they will see a conspiracy . 
  it 's wishful thinking at this point . 
  this shit is like religion by now . 
  conspiritard-faith . 
  yes yes , downvotes , whatever . 
  if you can get farage * and * katie hopkins exported to the us , things are def . 
  looking up for the uk !, 
   more people celebrated the gifford shooting in arizona and she did n't even die . 
  all that tells me is how fucked up the us is . 
  even the elections in the 1930s are difficult to call truly ` democratic ' anymore . 
  much of the democratic framework of german society was functioning poorly at that moment . 
   it 's pretty obvious that you 're a regressive leftist honestly , i 'll fucking eat my shoe if i ever see a right-winger use the term ` regressive left ' correctly . 
  it 's not even that obscure . 
  you can easily google it . 
  yet that does n't stop you people from misusing the phrase time and time and time again . 
  furthermore , hilariously enough , the ` new right ' actually has quite a bit in common with the * actual * regressive left . 
  lmao , now we 're blaming the muslims for breivik 's shit . 
  absolutely fucking amazing . 
  congratulations on your shiny new ` deplorable ' res-tag . 
  i 've got bigger balls than you beta-bitchboys will ever have . 
  what ? 
  because ` the radicalisation of ethno-fascists ' does n't make sense . 
  those people are already radicalised . 
  you do n't talk about the radicalisation of jihadis either , you talk about radicalisation of muslims . 
  a cursory examination of the demographics of far-right supporters in europe would not prove me wrong , no ? 
  i. . . what 's your point here ? 
  i did n't say the radicalisation of * all * white men , did i ? 
  if we 're talking about ethno-fascists in europe , we 're not talking about the real housewives of bamako , are we ? 
  it 's going to be mostly white dudes . 
   large portions of people around you that probably consider you a vile and hateful cunt . 
  around me ? 
  probably not . 
  [ tfw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vdglv.jpg ) someone reads way too much into your silly spelling of a phrase . 
  modern rotjeknor in that last pic looks like one of my old simcity cities , 
  the basics of free speech are that you can criticize the government without becoming a victim of political oppression . 
  it does n't mean you are utterly free to be a deplorable , hateful cunt . 
  if it * does * mean that , then all the hardcore free-speech supporters , including those on the far right , should be * totally fine * with islamic hate preachers in europe . 
  are they ? 
  heh , aye , i do assume that . 
  with a birthday in june , i am sometimes still very much a sweet summer child :p, 
  it 's mocking right-wingers hiding behind ` free speech ' whenever it 's convenient for them , but failing to hold consistent views about it when it 's something they * do n't * like . 
  see the whole kaepernick debacle in the states for a recent example . 
  the spelling is just a silly joke . 
  it 's hilarious if you get upset by that . 
  well , within this context , wtf else are we gon na talk about ? 
  nigerian women ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  gent is very gezellig . 
  calling people ` traitors ' within the context that 's said is n't that far off inciting violence . 
  it 's certainly justifying it . 
  the issue i have with right-wingers exalting the virtues of freeze peach is that once you throw one islamic hate preacher in the mix , their views suddenly start losing a lot of consistency ... 
   why do you insist on targeting the ` white man ' , though ? 
  i do n't ? 
  why , do you feel persecuted ? 
  aaaaw . 
  i 'm sure that sub would be totally fine with 50.000 muslims celebrating the assassination of say , a nigel farage . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
   he 's only representative of a small clique of leftist regressives in europe . 
  when are you angry right-wingers going to use that term correctly for once ? 
  it does n't mean what you think it means , lol . 
  lmmfao , so now saying white men are getting radicalised is now ` dehumanization ' ? 
  stop having such a victim mentality , jesus fucking christ , it 's embarrassing . 
  breivik do n't real ? 
  yeah and it massively outraged people , did n't it ? 
  rightfully so . 
  but how can we be outraged at that and not at this ? 
  there 's already comments `` eh , trolls and assholes '' . 
  why do we believe the words of one radical but not the words of the other ?
