  apparently the shooter yelled `` britain first !, 
  this intrigued me so i did some googling . 
  http://www.freshplaza.com/article/135083/netherlands-worlds-biggest - ( re - ) exporter-for-11-fruit-and-veg-products we ( re ) export a lot , we do n't grow all of those exports ourselves . 
   in the past decades eta and the ira both made more civilian victims in europe than islamic terrorism has . 
  actually , i doubt that by now ... especially when we get time periods involved in the mix , islamic terrorism is winning the numbers battle . 
  edit : crunching some numbers here . 
  according to [ the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jan/10/eta-basque-sepratists-ceasefire-victims-over-time ) , eta violence cost the lives of about 350 civilians . 
  madrid bombings ( 191 ) , 7/7 attacks ( 52 ) and november paris attack ( 130 ) alone beat that at 373 pira violence from '69 till '97 claimed about [ 650 civilians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/provisional_irish_republican_army_campaign#casualties ) . 
  you take that earlier 373 and add lockerbie , you nearly have it beat already . 
  and the islamic terrorism managed that in a considerably shorter time span than either eta or pira . 
  not to mention that eta and pira both were not unfamiliar with announcing their bombings to the press so the area could be evacuated before the bomb ( s ) detonated . 
  manchester got a shiny new street out of that for no casualties . 
  the vast majority of eta and pira targets were police , army or security forces , politicians , people involved in the public debate . 
  neither organization has , to my knowledge , carried out attacks with the implicit intent to just cause as much civilian carnage as possible . 
  maybe she was , maybe she was n't . 
  if she was , it adds to her na\u00efvety . 
  if she was n't , she 's still a very at-risk group in a country that 's known for all the wrong reasons . 
  it 's sort of like jumping into the lion pit vs. jumping into the lion pit while carrying a dead pig, 
  russian officials cheering for football violence qatar prosecuting rape victims world cups 2018 and 2022 are gon na be great , guys ... 
  i * highly * doubt the danish school would ban religious students from praying during free time where they practically bother no one . 
  why would they care whether students kick a football or utter some prayers during recess in the yard ? 
  fair enough , this is an assumption on my part , but from the tone of the article and based on previous incidents of similar colour , the religious students probably wanted the school to accomodate them specifically . 
  and imo the school rightly told them to stuff it . 
   she did n't choose to be raped obviously , otherwise it would n't be rape . 
  the burden of guilt always lays with the person that forced themselves upon another , regardless of circumstances . 
  and no individual can always be 100 % safe , control everything . 
  it 's unfortunately impossible for a person to make sure nothing horrible happens to you . 
  but lets not pretend the individual has no influence on the likelihood something awful happens to them . 
  in this case , it seems that the woman traveled to qatar with the intent to prostitute herself . 
  now i 'm not one to cast moral judgement on the oldest profession in the world , but lets kick the ballistics here : qatar is a nation with a patriarchal and bigoted view of women in general . 
  qatar is a nation notorious for awfully gender-biased laws and approach to sexual violence . 
  qatar is a nation with a very prudent view of sex in general and prostitution is heavily judged as immoral ( at least officially ) . 
  you 're not helping yourself if you travel to such a country with the intent to engage in prostitution . 
  before you even looked at plane ticket prices or packed a bag , it should 've been fairly obvious that you would be submitting yourself to men that are likely to think * very * lowly of you as a person in addition to being guaranteed you will receive no support at all from the authorities should something awful happen to you . 
  victim-blaming is a terrible thing and i 'm not suggesting she wanted or deserved to get raped , practically no one does outside of female hitlers . 
  but with the information that seems to be coming out , this young woman did jump into the lion pit . 
  if you do n't want to get eaten by lions , do n't jump into the goddamn lion pit . 
  regardless of any moral judgement on the lions ' behaviour ( lions are unthinking animals at least , qatari are humans who should know better , hopefully ) , you * know * beforehand that they 're like this . 
  lions will fucking eat you . 
  qataris will shit on you if you say you 've been raped . 
  so do n't go to qatar as a lone woman , much less with the intent to engage in prostitution . 
  if you do , take a pimp and some muscle . 
  there is no ban on religious students loudly discussing their religious figures on school property . 
  if they want to talk jesus on the school yard during breaktime , no one is stopping them . 
  in the same vein , i do n't think non-religious students are demanding special breaks to discuss dawkins either . 
   the fact that visibly expressing our viewpoints is n't banned ? 
  atheists visibly expressing our viewpoints by ... not praying ? 
  inaction ? 
  with some of the horror stories dripping out of countries like that , the latter would honestly not surprise me ... 
  ` ethnicity-based profiling ' suggests ethnicity is the sole or at least , main reason in a certain profile . 
  but it 's not , is it ? 
  there are more factors that go into a certain profile . 
  i agree that society in general should be very wary that ethnicity does not become the main aspect , but you can never escape the contribution of certain aspects in a profile if there is a core of truth to them . 
  obviously i can only speak from my own experience , but during my decade or so of kindergarten and elementary school i have literally * never * encountered any religious teaching from a spiritual ( and not objective ) context . 
   if she was not a european and had been a indian or filipino she would have just been raped by the police and then given back to her employer just to be raped again . 
  ftfy, 
  you can be on a war footing without having had anything to do with instigating the conflict . 
  if someone is threatening you consistently and you get antsy and ready for whatever will happen , you can be considered ` on a war footing ' . 
  does n't mean you 're the one * wanting * to fight . 
   and thus somehow being okay to be treated horrible by them either you poorly comprehend what i was trying to say or you 're just straight up putting words in my mouth . 
  it probably does , but if they used that , then there would n't be opportunity for that sweet , sweet moral outrage with a sprinkle of victimization . 
  the way christmas and easter are celebrated in public schools in western europe anno 2016 has fuck-all to do with religion anymore . 
  they 're not reading bible texts , they 're not singing about jesus , they 're not writing resurrection stories . 
  they eat . 
  and paint eggs . 
  christmas and easter have been ran through the secular wringer over here . 
   that does not change the fact , that the treatment of qatar is still fucking horrible and disgustingly . 
  this was never ` the point ' , no one disputed that . 
  there 's definitely a difference . 
  we * know * countries like qatar treat women like shit , especially in cases of suspected sexual violence . 
  so if you travel to a country like qatar , as a woman , it should not come as a surprise that , in the tragic event of getting raped , the authorities * will treat you like shit * . 
  it 's not victim-blaming in the sense that we 're accusing the woman of doing something `` that got her raped '' . 
  because that 's traditional victim blaming indeed . 
  but she did knowingly travel to a country that has a reputation for treating her like shit should something tragic happen to her . 
  why be surprised that , when something tragic does happen , they treat you like shit ? 
  what about qataris and saudis who travel abroad to do heinous shit and when caught , face deportation at worst ? 
  is that `` white privilege '' as well ? 
   thats just not part of the current discussion . 
  yeah and that 's the problem . 
  people are taking a situation that obviously involves multiple factors and are focusing solely on skin colour . 
  but you ca n't change your gender and age . 
  this typhoon situation is most obviously * not * about just skin colour alone . 
  if typhoon had been a 51yr old black guy , chances of him being stopped would be slim . 
  if he had been a 51 yr old black * woman * , chances would be even lower . 
  i do n't think the dude from * vietnam * held much hope of his country competing in the euros ... 
  the average dutchman owns 1.3 bicycles . 
  no joke . 
  total estimates are 22/23m bicycles in a country of 16/17m people . 
  he 's 31 with a face that makes it difficult to gauge his age . 
  if he was 51 with grey hair he would n't have been stopped , no matter how black he is . 
  fact . 
  if you 're mad about the racial part of the profiling , why is your anger contained to the racial part ? 
  they also profile on age , gender and general appearance . 
  should they stop doing that then ? 
  that 's not what he said , though , is it ? 
  he said 40 yr old women and 20 yr old men . 
  do you attach the exact same threat lvel to three 40 yr old ladies with a yappy pomeranian and as you would three scowling 20 yr old men ? 
  congratulations , you 've just succesfully profiled some people . 
  typhoon 's case was also about age , not * just * skin colour , but this bit is consistently ommitted by the salon-socialists in this thread . 
  and clothes , age , location ...
