  we 're talking about shitty rich kids that feel some sort of purpose in being specifically in that migrant camp . 
  deporting those twats back to the uk does n't mean you 're letting a bunch of serial killers on the loose . 
  they pretty much have no way to be the same shitheads in the uk as they are being now in calais , because the circumstantial factors are not there . 
  '' `` they have no real concern for the suffering of the migrants . 
  they manipulate them and they mislead them . 
  they harass the social workers we send to canvass them about staying in france . '' `` and they are dangerous . 
  one of my police officers had his hand broken in five places on monday . 
  they are not throwing pebbles . '' if these activists are violent and abusive , what 's stopping ` le bill vieux ' from arresting the twats and deporting them back across the channel ? 
  question for our kebab friends : is such a statement ` dangerous ' ( on any level ) for an opposition leader or other politician to make ? 
  does that count as an insult to the president ( which is illegal i think ? ), 
  or do politicians get more leeway in this ? 
  no , but when a rather influential newspaper such as the guardian deemed it fit to compile a near character assasination on nawaz , we can hardly say the regressive left is a phenomenon contained to the radical blogosphere . 
  such efficient space-conscious thinking is a good asset on the german labour market :p, 
  i 'm not pretending to be persecuted ; stop putting words in my mouth . 
  i 'm saying people like nawaz are often unjustly attacked by the regressive leftist intellectuals and opinion makers . 
  that does n't make * me * persecuted , but other people do have to deal with it . 
  i see you keep downvoting . 
  you must be really full of yourself , pretending to hold a civil conversation yet your comments drip with disdain . 
  even better with an attachment of false respect . 
  done talking to you . 
  if you get your throat slit you do n't bleed out for 15 minutes , sunshine . 
  that 's not how biology works . 
  the turk already shut your ignorant ass down anyway . 
   just because you get annoyed by it does not mean there is a huge media conspiracy to brand you a racist and take your family and job and home away . 
  chill out . 
  i 'm not saying that , i 'm saying that people such as you , me and shiba02 are probably not the ones likely to be attacked by the regressive left . 
  and that the regressive left obviously has a bigger scope of operations than you give them credit for . 
  also lol @ your downvote, 
  do you think maajid nawaz just made up the term ` regressive left ' because he felt he lacked something to do that day ? 
  the people shiba02 is referring to [ definitely ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/09/21/don-t-call-me-porch-monkey.html ) [ exist ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/08/08/the-british-left-s-hypocritical-embrace-of-islamism.html ) , it 's just that they go after other ` intellectual voices ' within the wider scope of public debate . 
  it 's not like they target unknown redditors personally . 
  but they certainly have a marked influence on said public debate . 
  it 's not like the guardian is a tiny paper produced by a small clique of rambling anarchists . 
  it 's a proper newspaper , yet they 've repeatedly roused nawaz ' ire . 
  how can this apparent schism amongst leftists be explained otherwise , you think , than part of the traditional left going overboard in their attempts to defend muslims as some form of homogeneous collective ? 
   that does wonders for my appraisal of you . 
  i was merely making a point that even actual racists , traditionally isolationist in their desires , usually are n't against immigration as a concept . 
  it very much depends who is migrating where . 
  you 're trying to draw it into a very absolutist black-white , yes-no , context , of which i shall have no part . 
  immigration is a very broad concept . 
  i do n't think any of us , probably not even the hardest closet racists on this sub , are against all immigration in any form . 
  so much depends on how it is handled . 
  but is n't the quilliam man correct in stating that freedom of movement is part of our more or less shared ` european ' values ? 
  i think he is . 
  that does n't mean he advocates letting a horde of afghan peasants do as they please here . 
  we ca n't expect quilliam as an organization to draft a practical and applicable immigration policy that passes muster with anyone who inquires about it , can we ? 
  just them saying ` we are for immigration in its nail sense ' is a rather meaningless phrase when it lacks context . 
  i am pro immigration as well , but that 's a far cry from happily accepting the aforementioned afghan peasants and condoning their often decidely unhumanistic value system . 
   i base this off of this interview with a spokesperson . 
   http://youtu.be/r-t7rfkrsay where in the video should i be paying attention exactly ? 
  it 's 20 minutes . 
   and nawaz is/was a libdem candidate was he not ? 
  that party is pro-status quo . 
  on migration . 
  hardly conclusive . 
  a very broad basic position of one party of which he is a member can not be transferred straight over through him to another organization . 
   and more right wing ( i guess , they seem right wing ) anti-islam groups have been asking quilliam staff and getting annoyed at having no answer . 
  well , yeah , because it would seem an odd subject for quilliam to have an official position about . 
   and others think the think tank 's answers to certain issues are unconvincing , particularly matters about the life of mohammed . 
  okay ? 
   now this is enough to make me wonder . 
  especially when nawaz hangs out in a left wing milieu . 
  one which still sees these issues with islam as separate from migration in most respects . 
  what * exactly * are you trying to get at here ? 
  are we holding up bill fucking o'reilly , of all people , as an exemplary source of acceptable and logically reasoned positions that intelligent individuals might actually take ?? 
  cos. . . i mean ... no . 
  just no . 
  never heard of 5pillars . 
  spot of googling , found their main site . 
  `` victim mentality '' is written pretty much all over it ... 
  and here i was thinking that the definition of a war zone is that there 's an actual war going on , with fighting and stuff . 
  it seems so , though it is difficult to know how many there really are, 
   from what i have seen , quilliam is still in favor of mass immigration . 
  do they even have an official stance regarding that ? 
  seems an odd thing for them to be explicit about . 
  tell them , maajid . 
  he 's the kind of real modern , liberal muslim that is so desperately needed these days . 
  your ` logic ' * literally * hurts my head . 
  no specific reason , but pretending there 's a massive difference in ethicality the way we slaughter animals vs. kosher/halal methods is just hypocritical imo . 
  and maybe you should n't use such egregious exxagerations if you want to be taken seriously . 
  and which part exactly was the 10 hour torture session ? 
  i 'm sure the meat will taste absolutely great after 10 hours of torture-induced stress hormones ... 
   these are all real concerns and could create conditions as bad as a war zone . 
  i 'm not sure if you fully realize what a war zone is ... bad food , overcrowded lodging and bureaucracy does not a war zone make ... 
  lmao , that 's not how halal/kosher slaughtering works . 
  does that take locally built products into account ? 
  those big german brands are expanding in china and other burgeoning economies like crazy . 
  they really do n't need the uk ... 
   heavy drinkers , bad eaters , all round hardasses and the highest prevalence of cocaine use in the world . 
  pff , how else to survive a night out in glasgow ? 
  do you have the feckin guinness logo as your flair ? 
  [ like so ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b8/breznev-honecker_1979.jpg ) ? 
  or [ this ] ( http://cdn1.spiegel.de/images/image-21730-panov9free-zqnu-21730.jpg ) ? 
  to elaborate a bit , for all our faults , at least we 're not living in societies with no freedom of speech , freedom of press , freedom of and * of * religion , freedom of political opinion , equality regarding ethnicity , gender and sexuality . 
  i do believe that separates ` us ' from many other countries on earth ; many countries who would n't blink twice to wage a war of their own anyway . 
  it depends on what you compare it to ? 
  are ` we , the west ' , the pinnacle of morality ? 
  no , we are n't . 
  who is ? 
  well , no one .
