  because i find it odd that a nation tries to squeeze its national anthem into any event i am now xenophobic ? 
  the fuck ? 
  these right-wing ` populist ' parties are like the canaries down in the mines . 
  the canary wo n't have answers , nor will it save your ass . 
  but if it stops chirping , you better pay attention . 
  that 's what many european nations ' established political orders have failed to do : heed the canaries . 
  but unlike down in the mine , political canaries chirp harder when shit hits the fan . 
  plus the national anthem at any type of sporting event . 
  american university team vs american university team ? 
  anthem !, 
  like ... why ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  how did this guy get into that job being who he is ? 
  go home , you 're drunk . 
  socialist party or pirates . 
  only alternatives imo . 
  pvda ( labour ) totally sold out vvd say they are liberal , but they 're not . 
  they fool a lot of normal people who think they have money into voting for them , but the vvd is only there for big business . 
  cda have a mentality that belongs in 1960 . 
  outdated , moral preachers . 
  d66 is all talk , no do . 
  plus they 've moved over to the right quite a lot last decade . 
  bit to europhile too see the problems as well . 
  pvv is a one-issue party ( immigration !, 
  muslims !, 
  and just lacks rationale and dignity . 
  groen links is so naive . 
  leaves little . 
  cu is way too christian . 
  sgp is literally poldertaliban . 
  cda are fatsoensrakkers with a mentality of the 1960s . 
  wtf , man ? 
  of course i understand the difference , i just do n't see why you felt the need to speak specifically about the german people . 
  it had no bearing on the discussion . 
  you brought it up . 
  op said the world is a different place compared to 1940 . 
  then you brought the german people specifically into the debate . 
  relevance ? 
  zero . 
   notice that i specifically said `` the german people in 1930s were no different than the german people in 2010s '' . 
   notice i specifically referred to the people . 
  how is that not completely irrelevant ? 
  dude said ` world is a different place than it was in 1940 ' and you come in with this `` german people in the '30s and in the ' 10s thing that has no real bearing on the fact that circumstances were indeed completely different , creating different results . 
  it 's completely different . 
  1930 's germans just had a world war , multiple regime changes and a huge economic crisis behind their belt . 
  that 's a world of difference with 2015 . 
  i agree with you , but germany actually does n't have legal gay marriage . 
  because of the cdu . 
  especially considering the name ... jon de vries ? 
  that 's not romanian . 
  yeah , fairly sure it 's like that in many european countries . 
  a worrying trend . 
  more than a third of young people thinking that is pretty fucking scary and i do n't want those people in europe . 
  that 's true actually . 
  it 's surprising how fast geertje shut the fuck up about poles once it became apparent all that the polak lads came to do was w\u00f6rk for a good price . 
  no drama , no ammo for geertje . 
  there was a study recently here in the nethies , poles are actually the tiniest group on ` welfare ' , even less than the native dutch . 
  if they are unskilled , they are prepared to do unskilled labour . 
  if they have skills , like plumbing , electrician , construction whatever , they 're usually good at it . 
  at the same time , 70 % ( !!! ), 
  of somalians in the netherlands are on welfare ... 
  `` there is 99 % chance that ` nazi golden ' train was just found in poland !, 
  ( self.europe ) '' `` the fact is that we dont really know whats in it . 
  it was n't opened yet '' -_-, 
  still skeptical they 'd leave a train chockfull of gold or other extreme valuables in poland . 
  i would n't leave my shit in poland if i were a bad nazi dude . 
  hide it under berlin or something , not in poland . 
  but we 'll see what it 's in it soon enough . 
  how can they be sure that the `` local '' companies manage to produce the product to the same standard of quality that external suppliers maintain ? 
  the very first sentence of that wiki article says `` relocate '' . 
  `` relocate '' is not killing them all , is it ? 
  edit : loving the downvotes . 
  seems people ca n't even read their own wiki links , lol . 
  the businessinside article quoted a worried mother who said the stuff about mass murder . 
  do n't pin that on the entire outlet . 
  and yeah , what about little koptseva and her skin condition and the bandages she needs ? 
  will they be on the list ? 
  you speak russian and you seem to know all about this new law , so enlighten us . 
  from the article you posted : `` but some doctors are worried -- will the ` local ' substitutes be of the same quality as imported ( and banned ) drugs and equipment ? '', 
  that was pretty much what the businessinside article was about as well . 
  not to mention the whole law smells of kremlin protectionism at the possible expense of its citizens . 
  typical ussr/putin shit by now . 
  your own article also says `` analysts say the import curbs are unlikely to have any immediate effect on health services at russian public medical facilities and emphasize the measures do not prohibit the purchase of products from major suppliers in europe , the u.s. , and japan '' . 
  so * unlikely * to have any * immediate * effects . 
  what about long-term effects then ? 
  i do n't speak russian . 
  so why are those russian doctors worried then ? 
  have they been fooled by the biased media ? 
  bought ? 
  conspiracy ? 
  all you do is say ` it 's all lies ' then link to a government website . 
  i 'm sorry , but you do n't come across as particularly unbiased here either . 
  i wo n't say `` kremlintroll '' but ... 
  so you 're basically saying `` the source is biased , there 's nothing to be worried about '' ? 
  russian doctors and medical professionals seem to be worried enough . 
  when only a few % of your equipment is made domestically , ` limiting imports ' is going to be problematic , do n't you think ? 
   is it true that hitler 's book was inspired by an american one regarding the final solution to the indian ( native ) problem ? 
  but as the other post replying to this says , anti-semitism and anti-slavic notions were certainly not uncommon by then . 
  mein kampf also predates the actual ` final solution ' by about a decade and a half , so ... afaik hitler did n't write anything down that specifically says `` murder all the jews '' in mk . 
  plenty of ` hints ' and suggestions about removing jews and jewish influence from german society , but the idea to kill them all did n't gain traction until ww2 itself .
