  you want me to explain how my grandfather spent years in hiding or how the germans hanged his dad ? 
  you want to hear about my grandmother and the farm full of jewish ` onderduikers ' ? 
  or how she ferried documents for the dutch resistance in her bike at age 14 ? 
  about the decisions they had to make ? 
  edit : keep downvoting , prick . 
  probably old enough to have grandparents or possibly even parents that have lived through those five years . 
  sa is a fundamentalist theocracy and a * completely * different kettle of fish . 
   and when was the last time you had a enemy on your soil or experienced a occupation ? 
  also 1940 . 
  going by the user 's flair , i 'd say 1940 . 
  that is quite simply easier said than done . 
  as bolson already said , reprisals against civilians for any form of armed resistance were commonplace . 
  you shoot 5 of our soldiers in an ambush ? 
  we wipe out a village of 500 , women and children included . 
  you blow up our train ? 
  we deport the full population of the nearest two villages to camps . 
  you kill 10 of ours ? 
  we kill a thousand of yours . 
  even if you turn the entire population into an army , old ladies and little kids included , you 're not going to win that fight against an actual army , with machine guns and tanks and artillery and aircraft . 
  it 's easy to shout ` get a gun and fight to the death ' from the safety of your comfy chair 70 years later , not as easy to actually do if you lived under those conditions . 
  i know many of you americans get a massive justiceboner when thinking about the ` well-armed militia ' fighting off the invaders/oppressors , but i think 99 % of those people do n't understand how difficult , if not simply impossible , that would actually be to do . 
  if you have a massive part of the population armed and even somewhat organized , you 've just got a peasant army and you ca n't hide so many people in the countryside . 
  you ca n't go organized guerrilla with literally millions of fighters . 
  a pitched battle against the actual army , you will always lose . 
  the right amount of people for an actual guerrilla , smaller , tougher groups , and the invaders simply do what we discussed earlier : reprisals against civilians . 
  and are you still going to fight when you know that the bad guys will come round to your village , bayonet your elderly mother in her chair , rape your wife and daughters in your bed and kill your son ? 
  i 'm wagering you would n't . 
  i have absolutely no desire to see europe turn towards the rabid anti-government paranoia that grips so many americans . 
  `` muh 2nd amendment !, 
  gub ' t gon ' take mah guns ! '', 
  c'mon , please , it 's not 1780 anymore . 
  where does the money go ? 
  the main stone surface itself or something ? 
  probably depends how good you are at building shit . 
  at the end of the day , it 's a bunch of bricks . 
   i 'm trying to base it on what the words look like that 's exactly what i did . 
  it 's not as if i have any knowledge about hungarian , but it 's a pretty unique language and easy to recognize . 
  good . 
  fuck that guy . 
  hopefully there are more to follow . 
  that 's totally hungarian , dude . 
  netherlands kicked out a russian spy just a few days ago actually . 
  good riddance . 
  the woman basically had an obsession with ` suffering ' ( esp the poor and disenfranchised ) in the christian sense . 
  she believed it was the poor people 's fate to suffer , just like jesus did . 
  you can imagine that such an attitude does n't * actually * help poor people advance themselves in a practical sense . 
  realistically , though , what is a tribunal going to achieve ? 
  it 's not like the separatists would be willing to cooperate . 
  will you ever find the guy who gave the order , who is guilty of gross criminal negligence , or the buk operators who perhaps should 've known better ? 
  i honestly doubt this case will ever be ` solved ' in the sense that the ones responsible will be punished . 
  but , at least we can lord this over the sepa 's and russia for quite a while , put some pressure on them by reminding them of their colossal fuck-up . 
  quite a few ailments and illnesses within european royal houses can be traced back to incest . 
  this kind of falls in the category of `` no shit , sherlock '' . 
  keeping the bloodline ` pure ' is never a good idea . 
  mixed genes best genes . 
  they also have pretty serious conscription :p, 
  kidding me ? 
  who could hate l\u00e6ffy ? 
  i do n't think i * see * anything other than the odd squirrel , very rarely a cute little mouse . 
  rats live everywhere obviously . 
  we also have a problem with muskrats here in the wetlands . 
  one could easily argue that the sgp and its electorate are * indeed * not integrated at all in modern secular society . 
  some of those groups are a bit dubious . 
  i can understand grouping liechtenstein , gibraltar , andorra etc , but belgium and ned lumped together ? 
  austria and switzerland ? 
  what 's the general sentiment in bangladesh about the recent attacks on secular bloggers ? 
  do people feel the victims brought it upon themselves ? 
  are they appalled at the violence of the attacks ? 
  is it strongly denounced or supported in certain circles ? 
  russian state media changed their story about mh17 like seven times already ... even funnier when everyone with half a working brain already know the rebels are to blame . 
  excellent , have another one then . 
  yeah , what 's gon na happen when he gets out ? 
  now you have a trained and experienced islamist zealot with a fresh axe to grind . 
  i would n't want the fucker to be my neighbour . 
  your dissemination of political reactionism was excellent , though i 'd disagree with your final paragraph . 
  mainstream parties can affect that by ignoring a problem out of political correctness . 
  the political and social views of the individual might not change , but the * perception * of them on the right-left scale might , in addition to the person possibly changing ( temporarily or not ) his or her views because they feel there is no alternative . 
  as i said , it was more tongue-in-cheek than anything else . 
  a statement such as that needs a lot more context and background information before you should be reading way too much into it with regard to the political positions i should or should not take . 
  i think so . 
  there are plenty of countries that have a very high firearms-per-capita rate , yet none of them ( at least 1st world nations ) have the insane amount of gun violence that the usa has . 
  and even if we correct for poor socio-economic circumstances in the usa that breeds extra crime , the stats are still insane with regard to school shootings and non-crime related shootings . 
  the sentence about me turning into an angry-right winger was more tongue-in-cheek than anything else . 
  and you should n't be trying to decide my political leanings for me based on three sentences on the internet . 
  i know where i stand , do n't need you trying to second-guess it ... 
  thanks for your condescending psycho-analysis , freud . 
  christianity and to a lesser extent judaism in the west have undergone forced enlightenment , however . 
  that definitely constricted their social and political power a lot . 
  islam unfortunately is still overdue for its own enlightenment . 
  aaaaand we 've come full circle !, 
  whilst there are plenty of european countries with lots of guns , i do n't think there is any european country that is as * obsessed * with firearms as the usa . 
  it 's not just about having them , it 's thinking guns are the greatest thing ever and are a safeguard against home-invaders , shifty boyfriends and government tyranny all at the same time . 
  afaik no euro country gets off on firearms that much . 
  not even close . 
  what is this fucking crazy talk ? 
  islam is a yippy and positive factor for europe 's future ? 
  are you kidding me ?!, 
  i 'm turning more angry right-wing every goddamn day if this keeps up :( :(, 
  the irish matter is also very , very political though . 
  and the balkans have always been a powder keg .
