  have to be within visual range and without too much angle off ( i.e. 
  pointing in more or less the same direction as your target ) . 
  at night , i might add . 
   alternatively you just fire everything . 
  there should be enough time to fire at least ( 4 * number of rebel fighers ) missiles , nearly guaranteeing a hit . 
  if erdogan has escorts you engage them afterwards . 
  you then activate all your countermeasures to get away . 
  all of this assumes aa load-outs ( can have 6 missiles per bird btw ) , lack of loyalist air picture , presence of rebel air picture , and shitty ass escorts who are just sitting there being derpy . 
  you know those pictures where the ` escorts ' are side by side with their hav plane ? 
  that 's not how you actually escort something . 
  those pictures are for the media . 
  an aa escort in a potential hostile environment will be very actively looking and prepared for threats . 
  they , and any airborne early warning , will be very actively defending a ` bubble ' around the target aircraft . 
  if you try to hug the water ( which consumes a lot of fuel btw ) then ` pop up into boresight heater range ' , the escorts will have a shot at you before you have a shot at your target . 
  furthermore , your ` textbook example ' assumes uneven capabilities between the sides and a good deal of incompetence on part of the loyalists . 
   the willingness of the pilots is a different thing . 
  it 's a massive , massive factor that you 're just brushing over . 
  the whole situation is n't that easy . 
  air combat is a fluid situation , not a move-countermove kind of thing . 
  `` now i do this and you ca n't do anything '' is n't how it works . 
  it 's not a game . 
  there 's no rock-paper-scissors principle here . 
  unless we know the * exact * circumstances we have no place to say that it 's ` proof ' of a staged coup just because erdogan 's plane was n't attacked . 
  we do n't know much about the order of battle on both sides , how many aircraft the rebels had , how they were armed , what the escort was like , the situation in which they may or may not have found themselves close to each other . 
  we just do n't know . 
  as far as the technical terms you 're using there ... i 'm not so sure you really understand the subject matter here . 
  you 've definitely heard about them , but the way you 're using them is ... confusing . 
   fighting at ground level with disabled radar and ground ( or awacs ) guidance ? 
  what do you mean here exactly ? 
  who was fighting at ground level here ? 
   using ir weapons to reduce the reaction window of the loyalist pilots ? 
  f-16s dont have bvr irst systems , which are limited in range anyway . 
  you 'd be left shooting a sidewinder at them . 
  that needs a visual to be ` stealthy ' . 
   moving in from behind and below the escorts ? 
  got ta find them first and we have no idea how the rebels ' coordination was . 
  also assumes the escorts are gon na sit there and let it happen . 
   going for the escorts first ? 
  assumes willingness of turkish fighter pilots to engage turkish fighter pilots . 
  massive , massive `` if '' . 
   using countermeasures to confuse possible return shots ? 
  no one would ever not use cm . 
   no , nazi germany is too far . 
  i do n't see mass genocide on the cards for turkey . 
  well , that 's not what i 'm suggesting . 
  i 'm saying that ideologically motivated street violence , backed or sanctioned or at least allowed by the state , against minorities ( actually , anyone that fits the image of ` opponent of the state/nation/society ' is a better definition ) is reminiscent of the climate of political suppression of early 1930s germany . 
  i certainly did not mean to imply that i think turkey will have death camps by 2029 . edit : spellings and clarification, 
   raoul moat mbe services to the realm . 
  rip pal . 
  and that gorilla had nothing to do with england = /, 
  - spanish - war - 80 years \\* violently triggered *, 
  i 'm not one to eagerly draw parallels with nazi germany , for i believe it is done far too often and out of context . 
  but this one , this one is there . 
  albeit with a more religious flavour . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge , sis . 
   which is the gateway to the only russian warm weather port murmansk is ice free . 
  yes , it 's a conspiracy by philips . 
  funnily enough , that type of thinking seems to be a real pattern for conspiracy theorists . 
  the notion of a rigidly orchestrated plot by powerful people is a more comforting idea to many than chaos and unpredictability is . 
  http://time.com/3997033/conspiracy-theories/ https://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/nov/07/conspiracy-theories-why-people-need-to-believe-them http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/why-do-people-believe-in-conspiracy-theories/, 
  real life is n't a computer game . 
  it 's not just about the death penalty here . 
  if turkey actually had the death penalty as a potential punishment for ( high ) treason all along , and after the coup we had polls and interviews that showed a significant amount of turks agreed that the main coup plotters should receive the death penalty , i would not have made such a strongly worded argument about turkey 's muslims . 
  but that 's not what happened , is it ? 
  the context of the whole thing is that groups of angry people in the streets are basically demanding a repeal of what i can surmise would be [ article 38 of their own constitution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ex_post_facto_law#turkey ) , plus a reintroduction of the death penalty , so that the coup plotters can be put to death . 
  apples : one can argue for the death penalty in a civilized and lawful way oranges : one can do the opposite, 
   sure , but why has n't the us done away with the death penalty if it 's so undemocratic or savage ? 
  ask them ? 
  innocent people ending up on death row is a massive problem , yeah . 
  in the us . 
  why are we talking about the us ? 
  are there mobs of people on the american streets asking for people to be put to death for crimes that were not punishble by death when they were committed ? 
  then why are we talking about the us ? 
   most basic thing in a coup , capturing leadership , they did not even try uuuh , did n't you read the article in the op ? 
  `` around 25 soldiers in helicopters descended on a hotel in marmaris on ropes , shooting , just after erdogan had left in an apparent attempt to seize him , broadcaster cnn turk said . 
  prime minister binali yildirim had also been directly targeted in istanbul during the coup bid and had narrowly escaped , the official said , without giving details . '', 
  it might not even matter because if you 're really on board with the inside job theory , the attempted captures could just as well be faked . 
  why they did n't fire ? 
  well , the escort may have had something to do with it . 
  they knew that if they fired , they 'd be fighting for real with the escort planes . 
  and fighter pilot communities are very close knit . 
  it 's not unimaginable why they would n't press the button . 
  apples , meet oranges . 
  form small groups and discuss amongst yourself how you are different . 
  the people in turkey are clamouring for the death penalty ` ex post facto ' . 
  in scary mobs . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  `` you were the chosen ones , turkish muslims !, 
  you were supposed to stand up to the islamists , not join them ! '', 
  who needs politics when you have guinness and craic ? 
   living in a tiny village in friesland where a couple old people might not even then you might be surprised !, 
  my dad knew an old frisian coot that spoke better significantly better english than dutch :p then again , frisian is one of english ' closest living relatives ( bit of a toss-up with scots i believe ) . 
  ireland ? 
  it was actually a reference to our below sea level country , but the people smuggling shit is * much * better !, 
  unexpected joke upgrade ftw !, 
  and these are turkish muslims !, 
  these are supposed to be the sane ones . 
  the non-extremist ones . 
  and they 're in the streets literally shouting for death . 
  insightful , eloquent , rational .
