  it will be difficult , it will require supporting and empowering liberal ( not `` moderate '' ) muslims everywhere , it will require cracking a few eggs regarding cultural identity politics and ` racial stereotyping ' , it will require the mainstream political establishments to pull their heads out of their arses , and then that 's a start . 
  not going to be easy . 
  but to state : `` reformation in a way it happened with christianity ca n't happen with islam '' is just ignorant . 
  what would this user know about what can and can not happen in the next x years ? 
  medieval christianity was n't exactly a school example of a tolerant and free society that held individual autonomy in high esteem either , yet that still changed . 
  to state that it 's categorically impossible for islam to reform , no exceptions , is just attempting to be a fortune teller and see into the future . 
  what reasons that user has to propagate such a view i will not speculate on . 
  that docu was very interesting . 
  top link . 
  none of those things mean that islam simply * can not * be reformed at all , something that you 've already adamantly excluded as even a remote possibility . 
  i find that ridiculous . 
  edit : not saying that islam is n't quite a political faith by nature . 
  `` their guy '' was indeed a warlord , conqueror , governor , lawmaker ; you 're going to get a different faith from that . 
  but to categorically state that islam is beyond any hope for reform is fucking retarded . 
   right wingers , even the nazis , are somehow incapable of violence or even racism for that matter . 
  who the hell is even suggesting that at all ? 
  you have n't known true horror until you 've seen james bond and dirty harry in german ... 
  maajid nawaz ' explanation of radicalisation is pretty interesting in this regard . 
   enjoyed the resistance from other muslims in london . 
  aye , the hostile reactions from other muslims brought me much more joy than the stupidity of the jihadist cuntbags brought me sadness . 
  net positive . 
  i must glitter ? 
  what 's that even supposed to mean ? 
  is it [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_szyszko ) bright gentleman ? 
  if so , he 's in his 70 's . 
  old fools like him will die out soon enough . 
  then the youth can propel polan into spaaaaaaaaaaace ... 
  i see . 
  but is he ( the gay guy ) playing himself or is the polish minister of environment unable to grasp the concept of what an actor does ? 
  where does the whole idea of one of them being gay come from in the first place ? 
  considering the nature of the spot , i assume there 's no verbal or even subtly implied mention of homosexuality . 
  so what gives ? 
  i thought the older man was granddad . 
  i see a dad and a granddad = /, 
  i did n't mean to imply the projectile as a whole was useless or not a threat at all . 
  just that the typical squared base of bodkin points was there to specifically break individual rings in a mail coat , thus aiding penetration . 
  however , should one make an arrowhead for the explicit purpose of threatening full plate armour , that particular square base is an absolutely useless thing to add since it will not aid but rather hinder the penetration of the arrowhead . 
  when hearing ` medieval peasant ' , however , most people think of the wily chaps from monty python and the holy grail who did n't vote for their king , not of a semi-professional soldier who owned land , had some relative wealth and went on campaign well-armed and armoured . 
  as you rightly say , not all medieval ` peasants ' or ` commoners ' or whatever you want to call the non-nobility , were rooting around in the mud , but in lieu of adding a couple of paragraphs attempting to explain what little i do know about medieval social structure in england and france around 1400 , and considering we 're on reddit , i opted for `` not exactly peasants '' . 
  but how does he deal with his finnishness if not drink ? 
   this does n't mean that white british people escaped from central london even if they did , it would n't necessarily be caused by scary migrants . 
  i do n't know much about british and in this case london suburbanisation but i would n't be surprised if it had periods where increased wealth made people move away from the city . 
  bit more space , bit more green , larger garden . 
  ah , i see now . 
  you 're just a troll . 
  i thought i recognized your name from earlier trollarooing you did . 
  russian president is still beholden to a term of office and the german chancellor stuff is more complicated . 
  on the other hand , you guys took after papa uk and adopted political dynasties . 
  that 's very mature , of course . 
  not to mention the hilariously childish bitchfight that you call the two party system . 
  even eastern europeans grab the popcorn when us elections roll around . 
  they 're so ... god , what 's the word again ? 
  '' [ mature ] ( http://static6.businessinsider.com/image/55918b77ecad04a3465a0a63/nbc-fires-donald-trump-after-he-calls-mexicans-rapists-and-drug-runners.jpg ) '' . 
  we can hire unemployed artists to make clay sculptures of jihadi dicks . 
  polan , you are of genius !, 
  not to mention that county durham = europe . 
  apparently . 
  i love how you dug up the absolute most extreme examples you can think of in order to make an obscure point about implied political maturity in the united states . 
  that 's fucking funny . 
  please , tell me more about the political maturity of the usa , compared to poor oppressed europe where we 're all stuck in serfdom . 
  `` with the crossbow things were different . 
  in addition to being inferior in battle , the crossbow was expensive to purchase , often operated by professional mercenaries , and , because of its complex mechanical firing mechanism , infeasible for all but specialists to make . 
  ** such features rendered the crossbow an exceptionally difficult weapon for a noble with an eye on the crown to supply to citizens for the purposes of rebellion en masse ** ( strickland and hardy 2011 , p. 115 ) . 
  because of this , while adopting the crossbow meant probable defeat in battles with foreign enemies , it posed little threat to a ruler in terms of creating the conditions required for a domestic rebellion that would depose him from power ^ 24 . '', 
  24 * a longbow-equipped rebellion against a longbow-equipped king would likely end in the latter 's defeat . 
  the probable victor would depend strongly on which side had the larger number of archers , and given the longbow 's cheapness , rebel archers could outnumber the king 's . 
  hence , a king would adopt the longbow only if he were politically secure . 
  in contrast , given the expense of crossbows , a crossbow-equipped rebellion against a crossbow-equipped king was very unlikely . 
  hence , a politically insecure king could adopt the crossbow * emphasis mine . 
  i believe this pretty much rebukes your argument that the crossbow is a dangerous weapon for a ruler who fears domestic enemies . 
  what 's an upstart noble to do ? 
  order 20.000 crossbows and hope nobody notices ? 
  edit : added the footnote, 
  not sure what you 're trying to say as neither of your exxagerated examples are true ( which you 're well aware of , i 'm certain ) . 
  a non-noble who still owned land and had some wealth would in quite a few cases not be occupied as a `` peasant '' , or farm labourer at all . 
  well i doubt that levied troops were just ` gifted ' their military crossbows for future use ... not to mention that a bunch of peasants with crossbows a revolution does not make . 
  the french technically had centuries to adopt the longbow , even considered doing so at some point , yet they did n't . 
  the whole issue is not a matter of merely short-term needs . 
   italian expat here : corruption is everywhere you mean everywhere in italian society or everywhere-everywhere ( as in the world ) ? 
   to elaborate , the sum was so low that it 's reasonable to assume that the officer would not even consider accepting it i do n't want to shit all over our italian brethren here , but a statement like that can only be made by someone who comes from a culture of corruption . 
  lol , that 's definitely true . 
  many victims in battle were finished off on the ground , regardless of what brought them down or injured them in the first place . 
  i believe english longbowmen and men-at-arms often had a type of small pricker with them , to poke through visors and finish off wounded yet still armoured enemies . 
  pretty gruesome . 
  the notion of a ` peasant ' within a medieval context generally does imply that , yes . 
  `` commoner '' would 've probably been a better term for you to originally use instead of peasant . 
  if you 're so correct , why does n't history show it then ? 
  you 're saying you are right and generations of french rulers were wrong . 
  i find that hard to stomach . 
  askhistorians has a very high academical standard for contributions ( for an internet forum at least ) askhistory is much less strict and reliable . 
  pretty much anyone can just post nonsense there . 
   henry v got hit in the cheek by an arrow and kept fighting and got treatment and survived . 
  arrows are not particularly deadly compared to a bullet . 
  has to be said that henry was of course the king with his own , rather competent , personal surgeon . 
  the amount of care lavished on henry after his injury was not in any way or form representative for a normal soldier of the time . 
  any one other than a king or very important and wealthy noble would not have received this manner of care and would 've very likely succumbed to such an injury . 
  except that there 's a huge social gap between a non-noble who was a serf and a non-noble who had land and money . 
  a basic , cheap crossbow does not at all equate to shooting through armour as if it was n't there . 
  not to mention that a `` basic , cheap '' crossbow would probably be unsuited for warfare . 
  not to mention that a `` basic , cheap '' crossbow would n't be cheap or simple to make * at all * considering the technological capabilities of the time .
