  a common two-part trope that 's often repeated is that stalin killed * more * than hitler , but his killings were nothing but his ` power hunger and insanity ' . 
  we know now that the first part , about the numbers , is simply untrue . 
  but the second point also stands on shaky grounds . 
  when historians delved into the relevant source material from stalinist ussr , they found that a certainly not inconsiderable amount of stalin 's killings had clear religious , nationalistic , and ethnical motivations . 
  so like i said , the lines certainly do blur at some point . 
  extremes attract extremists . 
  and once firmly in extremist territory , the practical effect of their actions are often somewhat indistinguishable . 
  because violence in name of x and violence in name of y both have the same end result . 
  whether a car bomb is detonated by political separatists , religious fundamentalists , or economic extremists , for non-extremists the result is the same : a big bang , a lot of chaos , and probably some dead people . 
  in that aspect they certainly are very similar . 
  well , southern serbia is around the same latitudes as places such as monaco , rome , barcelona ... edit : derp, 
  for merkel 's next state visit to the ksa she should be dressed as a dominatrix :p, 
  it 's definitely an accident . 
  i mean , if said diplomat was hammered drunk ( would be ironic in case of a saudi ) and blowing through the city centre @ 135kph , then i totally understand making a big deal of it . 
  but this seems a genuine accident . 
  that 's not to say that any diplomatic service is smart in being so unwilling to cooperate , they 're definitely not and it comes across as very disrespectful to the host country and the victim 's family . 
   just like marxism is inherently genocidal in the sense that it will necessarily lead to genocide . 
  except it does n't ? 
  stalinist ussr , yes they genocided . 
  mao 's china . 
  but who did castro 's cuba genocide ? 
  not that those were regimes that held human rights , especially in the political arena , in high regard , but genocide ?? 
   but both are not inherently genocidal in the sense that neither arose from the wish for genocide -- both arose from the wish to make life better for `` their '' people . 
  except along marxist ideology , `` their people '' could literally be anyone , regardless of ` race ' or ethnicity . 
  unless you see economical class as an unchangeable divider , which would be ridiculous and just demonstrably false , nail marxist/socialist idelogy is inclusive . 
  nazism is exclusive by definition . 
  exclusive to a set of traits that no human has any influence over whatsoever . 
   people would not need to die , they would need to die , leave or be enslaved . 
  again , t-4 program do n't real ? 
  where the handicapped and the disabled , full ethnic german citizens , were killed by the thousands because of social-darwinist and racial purity reasons ? 
  where were these people supposed to go ? 
  what were they supposed to do avoid the wrath of the nazis ? 
  and what of the people in poland , belarus , lithuania , latvia , estonia , russia , ukraine , romania , bulgaria , macedonia , greece , hungary , the yugoslavian countries , italy , france , luxembourg , belgium , the netherlands , denmark , and norway . 
  again , where were they supposed to go ? 
  to claim that `` they could 've just left '' and that nazism is not inherently genocidal is preposterous . 
  utterly preposterous . 
  there are tens of thousands of people in the world alive today who were saved by their seatbelts during high speed crashes . 
  the odd drunk that sails through the windshield and lives to tell the tale is not representative . 
   you did n't understand what i wrote . 
  i did not bring up dachau as an example of deteriorating conditions leading to holocaust . 
  i said it is an example of a place where the official narrative told by the exhibition is that holocaust was caused by the deteriorating conditions due to war . 
  i.e. , the idea that nazis did n't start straight off the bat with the holocaust as their goal , but rather the deteriorating conditions in nazi germany during the war gradually lead to it , is not a controversial view . 
  maybe part of that is true for dachau specifically and the history relating to that site , but it sounds quite weird to me the way you 're relating it . 
  the mass killings of poles and jews were already planned before the germans commenced operation barbarossa . 
  it 's difficult to speak of deteriorating war conditions in early ' 41 . 
  i 'm not quite sure what that narrative is trying to say . 
  maybe you 're translating it poorly or forgot some important context . 
  i understand the gist of it , which is certainly true to a certain extent , but `` rather the deteriorating conditions in nazi germany during the war gradually lead to it '' the way you phrased it exactly like that , is just a very odd sentence that does n't really jive with the thousands and thousands of pages i 've read on the subject . 
   and a jew could leave germany , at least before the war . 
  this is not a convincing argument . 
  tell to that to all the people the germans murdered in poland , belarus , lithuania , latvia , estonia , russia , ukraine , romania , bulgaria , macedonia , greece , hungary , the yugoslavian countries , italy , france , luxembourg , belgium , the netherlands , denmark , and norway . 
  where were they supposed to go ? 
   especially since most of the people persecuted and killed in the soviet union were not bourgeoise , landowners , or factory owners . 
  we were talking about the ideologies in a nail sense , not about the practical state of reality in the stalinist ussr . 
  racial purity is a core part of nazism . 
  it 's almost * the * core part of nazism . 
  to achieve that , people would have to die . 
  marxist ideology , even communist ideology , never held the implicit belief that certain groups of people ** had to die no matter what . 
  is there a white car that had a spin or a shunt in the top of the picture ? 
  just before the road curves to the left at the top , there seems to be a white car somewhat perpendicular to the track direction . 
  yes !, 
  yes , i know about the phenomenon . 
  it 's often brought up wtr bicycling and helmets . 
  but that does n't mean that `` seat belts *** do n't save *** '' is an actually correct statement . 
  first off , you 'd have to statistically prove that more people die because they take more risks because the seat belts makes them feel safe vs. people that do n't die in a crash because the belt saved their ass . 
  apart from the herculean effort of such a task , i simply do n't think the numbers would agree with you in the end . 
  yes , all safety equipment come with little mental caveats that can make people behave less safely , but that 's not the same as saying they effectively do n't work or have no relative ( positive ) impact . 
  http://www.youthforroadsafety.org/news-blog/news-blog-item/t/seatbelts_saving_thousands_of_lives_around_the_world_everyday thousands a year just in the us alone according to this data . 
  people would have to start driving like maniacs to off-set it . 
   shitredditsays pretty sure that came very very close to getting banned multiple times for doxxing and witchhunting and brigading . 
  i would n't shed a tear if it did . 
  admins prolly do n't wan na ban it cos it 's too big and popular . 
  just like the_tumor at this point . 
   if you do n't believe that to be true , then where is its replacement ? 
  they took over pussypass for a few months . 
  then that sub 's initial creators took it back . 
  there 's / r/milliondollarextreme , which is exceptionally dubious . 
   but no , it has n't , because it would not be tolerated . 
  go take a look at / r/holocaust . 
  it 's holocaust denial , central station . 
  go look at its sidebar . 
  subreddit since how long ? 
  what does it say ? 
   it is the first camp , so it is important for understanding the beginnings of what lead to the holocaust , i.e. , the very thing we 're discussing . 
  you brought up dachau when i responded to your silly claim of ` deteriorating conditions ' . 
  `` which lead to death camps and the holocaust as the conditions deteriorated due to the war . '', 
  this clearly implies the holocaust was largely caused by your ` deteriorating conditions ' , and you bring up dachau as an example . 
  but dachau was never a death camp ; it went through quite a few roles in its 12 years of existence . 
  if you want to make the argument that war conditions were instrumental in the shaping of the holocaust , i dare you to ` explain ' the aktion reinhard camps , or chelmno . 
  chelmno was built with the explicit purpose of ethnically cleansing poles through mass killings . 
  this is very early war we 're talking about . 
  there are no mass strategic bombings by the western allies yet . 
  the soviets are still on the backfoot hundreds and hundreds of kilometers to the east . 
  `` deteriorating conditions '' had fuck all to do with the mass killings in the death camps . 
  the idea that you 're trying to imply that they did is ... . `` interesting '' . 
   i completely disagree . 
  a person can stop being part of the bourgeoise . 
  a landowner can give up their land . 
  a factory owner can give up their factory . 
  a person ca n't stop being a jew , a pole , gay , or handicapped .
