  as horrible as that is , what does the un expect european countries to do about it ? 
  the traffickers are n't in europe , are they ? 
  also `` fleming reiterated its appeal to individual governments where refugees crossing for not bearing children to detention centers and if they do not install together with adults . '', 
  wtf is this for a sentence ? 
  can someone make sense of that ? 
   by the way , europe has been all about culture clashes until few decades ago elaborate . 
   clearly there are concerns about multiculturalism that we should no ignore by just saying , `` oh , well cultures lived together in the past so i guess it 'll be alright now '' . 
  quote me where i said that . 
  my first fucking sentence in my first post in this thread is acknowleding the issues with islamic immigrants , ffs . 
  stop trying to shoehorn multiculturalism as a general concept into a few decades of specifics . 
  it 's wildly disingenuous . 
  yes , i have never understood that either , but multiculturalism as a general concept is much more than just muslims . 
  i 've always wondered , do the walloon belgians do similarly well in the french version of our ` groot dictee ' ? 
  if that exists at all . 
  for all the legitimate problems with part of the islamic immigrants , i 'm fucking tired of the blond troll screaming multiculturalism has failed . 
  people from different cultures have been living together for milennia , geert . 
  stop being such a panicky bitch . 
  i meant that as a specific reference to the imperial period , not the late period . 
  people always talk about the `` roman empire '' , but often forget they had a couple centuries as a republic . 
  latin was part of my school curriculum many years ago and we had a teacher for a few years who enjoyed latin profanity very much . 
  he grabbed every opportunity with both hands to teach us not only the ( boring ! ), 
  classical texts , but also real world examples of latin . 
  i do n't actually speak latin of course . 
  i did n't choose to study it academically and the language itself is rather dead . 
  i can still recite my aeneas currit , fugit etc though . 
  the standard language of the roman republic/empire ? 
  in latin ? 
  hell yes . 
  rude latin language is a beautiful thing to research . 
  that is correct , their collapse had to do with inside corruption , the difficulty of managing such vast swathes of territory and the pressure of migrating tribes . 
  fuck all with their attitude towards subjugated peoples . 
  that stayed mostly the same from their early growing periods onwards , and the romans were doing just fine then . 
  their empire collapsed late in their imperial ( it 's in the fucking name ) period . 
  mostly from inside corruption and the difficulty with which to manage such a ridiculously huge expanse of land . 
  the romans started growing from early republican times 600 years before that and the general attitude towards conquered peoples stayed the same . 
  obey roman law , pay your fucking taxes , and do whatever the fuck you want for religion . 
  lol , that has nothing to do with their attitude towards the religion of subjugated peoples, 
  actually , yes . 
  the romans were very easy-going when it came to the religion and spiritual practices of subjugated peoples . 
  they often allowed them to keep their pantheon , reasoning that those ` pagan ' gods were some form of incarnation of their own pantheon anyway . 
  the one that really mattered to the romans was roman law , not religion . 
  they gave barely a tiny fuck about that . 
  i 'm not exactly a fan of the cda , jan-peter balkenende or any religion . 
  but for most of it , save some enclaves here and there , europe has managed to put religious fundamentalism behind itself . 
  even the cda , when gay marriage was legislated here in 2001 , stated that though they did n't ideologically agree with it , they would not attempt to revert the decision even if they had the power to do so . 
   i 'm sure a lot of them struggle with their identity and obviously , there are people out there who prey on that and people gullible enough to believe them . 
  yeah , that 's how these radicals recruit them . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  the odd thing is that history shows that we ones we ` imported ' are often a lot more liberal than their ( now ) native-born offspring . 
  which indicates a worrying trend of shadow societies and non-participation . 
  did no one on the russian plane recognize that it was n't a french air force plane ? 
  roundels ? 
  that is pretty worrying . 
  i obviously ca n't read danish nor do i know much about danish journalism . 
  how trustworthy is this research ? 
  all i know jyllands posten from is that cartoon affair . 
  kinda hoping the numbers are n't true or exxagerated , otherwise it 's a bad indication , that 's for goddamn sure . 
  school lunches should n't really be subjected to indiscriminate budget cuts anyway . 
  regardless , it seems to me that some form of variety should be there . 
  aside from religious motivations , you also have kids with allergies , severe dislikes , whatever you name it . 
  a ` buffet style ' school lunch might sound fancy , but it really does n't have to be that complicated . 
  let the kids pick what they want from a small selection of healthy produce . 
  not to mention that governments should n't whine about increases in obesitas in children whilst at the same time offering glob for lunch . 
  dipping into my internal footy database , i can remember kevin-prince boateng and prince polley . 
  both from ghana , interestingly enough . 
  you know what putin should do to really fuck all of us with a brilliant move ? 
  join nato :d, 
   your dietary habits so if someone has a very unhealthy diet , we should n't be allowed to criticize it ? 
  oh ok , so it 's basically even worse . 
  they also do this to circumvent prostitution and rape in the islamic world ( no , not everywhere in the islamic world ofc ) . 
  isis likes it a lot . 
  temporary 6-hour marriage , rape the girl , pass her to the next jihadi . 
  fascinating . 
  never knew about that place . 
  you do n't think the op 's picture is from the lagoon side , though ? 
  it almost looks too undisturbed where the water meets the land for it to be proper baltic sea . 
  steep dunes , no surf . 
  then again i do n't live there so what do i know ? 
  where is this exactly ? 
  looks like a lake ; interesting landscape with those sandy dunes so close . 
  yes yes , your supreme intellect sees through all the facades and the rest of us are mere sheep . 
  we bow to your intellectual exceptionalism and your flawless understanding of the powers-that-be . 
  now off with you . 
  i do n't know of any air-to-air missile that has a combined radar and infrared guidance system . 
  i would n't be so certain of that actually . 
  i had a looksie through your recent posts and you 're active on r/conspiracy as a 9/11 truther . 
  the amount of credibility you have is about 0 . 
  the us state dept has fuck all to do with this . 
  the vkontakte shit was there for everyone to see . 
  you are the one casting doubts upon everything suggesting it was doctored . 
  that 's why i 'm being ` aggressive ' , because conspiracy nutcases like you get on my nerves like nothing else can . 
  it was the same vkontakte account that posted previous shit about downed ukrainian aircraft . 
  you 're really suggesting conspiracy level of fakery here ? 
  hurr duurr , jet fuel, 
   air to air missiles would have taken out an engine ( small explosion targetting the ir signature of an engine ) . 
  well , only if it 's an ir missile . 
  plenty of radar guided air to air weaponry around . 
   how , literally how , am i supposed to take the anti-american left seriously ? 
  well ... you do n't !, 
  metric is obviously superior to silly imperial , but no one can argue that a pint is n't the best volume for a beer !,
