  both are worrying , yet one is a lot scarier than the other . 
  i 'm going from memory here , but was n't it the case in tunisia that it was actually an islamist party in power in the wake of the arab spring , yet that particular islamist party relinquished power in favour of democratic elections ? 
  okay , destabilization is a valid benefit , to a certain degree . 
  but you did not really answer my second question . 
  the risk-reward analysis . 
  let 's assume the kremlin is to benefit from deliberately orchestrating the shootdown of an unaffiliated civilian airliner over disputed territory . 
  it destabilizes , creates chaos and panic , and that could be a benefit for them . 
  but what if the operation goes tits up ? 
  what if their operational security was n't as good as they thought it was ? 
  what if some third party produces sheer undeniable evidence that russia indeed deliberately engineered the shootdown of a civilian airliner ? 
  the geo-political fallout would be ... intensive , to say the least . 
  and for what benefit again ? 
  extra destabilization . 
  sure , it 's a benefit , but ... is it really worth the risk ? 
  `` is it worth the risk ? '', 
  is something that always has to be asked regarding ` conspiracy theories ' . 
  russia has already been hit pretty hard in the mh-17 fallout . 
  imagine the response if it was nearly undeniable that they were very criminally involved . 
  not saying ww3 , but shit would hit the fan for sure . 
  and again , for what ? 
  extra destabilization ? 
  it 's not like the future of mother russia depended on this . 
  risk-reward ratio just seems totally off kilter for me in this one . 
  i 'm not sure policies from 500 years ago are admirable today . 
  feel free to convince me with rational arguments . 
  i have two major questions regarding the notion of mh17 being deliberately shot down with kremlin approval and/or cooperation . 
  first , what would be the point ? 
  second , do the benefits outweigh the risk of the operation going tits up by a fair margin ? 
  her qualifications for a 23 year old would be downright impressive indeed , i can understand your initial amazement in that context . 
  but yeah , she 's a bit older . 
  did the shitheads know it was abdeslam who was arrested or was it general anti-police sentiment ? 
  both are problematic , obviously , but one is a helluva lot scarier than the other ... 
  except that stalin especially supplanted it with a cult of personality of himself . 
  quite a difference . 
   although , it is still debatable , if it they fully realised what they were targeting at the time they fired the rocket . 
  of course they did n't . 
  what the hell would the point be of that ? 
  she 's 34 and a career soldier , man . 
  she 's not a schoolgirl . 
  not just attack choppers either , according to wiki she 's qualified for the [ fencer ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/76/sukhoi_su-24_inflight_mishin-3.jpg ) as well and that 's a serious piece of kit . 
  lmao , 90 % of europeans celebrated terrorist attacks on the usa ? 
  you really need to start putting a fucking sock in it , boy . 
  it 's a factor , but not the only factor by far . 
  if daesh was really solely motivated by political grievances against the west , then why are they forcing thousands of yazidi women into sexual slavery ? 
  why are they executing teenage boys for watching a football match ? 
  why are they cutting off shia heads in syria and iraq ?? 
  none of those things can be explained through your very narrow theory . 
  this thing is bigger than just western meddling ... religious ideology is a massive part in this . 
  it 's no longer the nearly secular , politically motivated arab terrorism of the 70s . 
  the islamism and jihadism has swollen to epic proportions . 
  little edit : even original al qaeda was * much more * politically motivated than current day daesh ... 
  convert or deport * is * religious terrorism . 
  plenty of islamic terrorists and jihadists come from western backgrounds , not poor at all , attended higher education , had jobs . 
  the san bernardino people are excellent examples of this . 
  some of the 9/11 hijackers are excellent examples of this . 
   no , literally every british person said those things i do n't think you know what `` literally '' means ... 
  that 's a pretty ethno-centric worldview you have there . 
  not everything revolves around ` us ' , y' know ? 
  216 feet ( ! ), 
  of rise , by that time it gets that far we 're either in space as a united species or blew ourselves up in a thermonuclear armageddon . 
  carcassonne is pretty famous . 
  getting cold feet on an op like that will do extremely little to endear him amongst the jihadi community however . 
  if he does become a ` prison celebrity ' , i figure it might be for all the right reasons , from our perspective . 
  regardless , the kid operated within a terrorist cell responsible for 127 ( ? ), 
  deaths . 
  even if he did n't pull any triggers himself , he 's not getting off with community service , even if he had jackie chiles himself for representation . 
  i 'm sure being part of a terrorist cell is a criminal offence . 
  getting cold feet at the last moment , if that is what happened , is a mitigating circumstance , but the lad is obviously not a pickpocket or your run-of-the-mill street criminal . 
  trying to free him would mandate an operation against law enforcement . 
  these coward terrorists would rather shoot at civvies , they 've proven that time and time again . 
  trying to free him by taking hostages is n't exactly a new spiel either . 
  not to mention it becomes somewhat irrelevant when the groups who could do this are more likely to just kill people anyway . 
  rehab centers for people who are actually rehabitable . 
  this man , just like breivik , is obviously a different kind of ` person ' . 
  he wo n't be ` rehabbed ' , he 'll be locked up . 
  and no matter how nice your cage is , a cage is a cage . 
  anyone who ever spent a night in jail will know how being unable to leave sucks balls . 
  this kid ( he 's what , 26 ? 
  will be in a cage for a very , very long time ... 
  they got him alive ? 
  enjoy martyrdom whilst slowly rotting in jail , cuntbag !, 
  * the research broke society down into different groups depending on their attitude to multiculturalism and diversity . 
  those who were considered to be `` mainstream liberals '' were the most likely of all groups to support restrictions on free speech . 
  58 % of this group agreed that `` if necessary '' people `` should be prosecuted '' for saying certain things about religion . 
  the authors of the report found that `` support for limiting free speech to respect multicultural sensitivities had grown over the past five years '' . 
  * ** literally ** the regressive left as defined in a nail sense by the man who coined the phrase . 
  and then to realize there 's plenty of people who still think ` regressive left ' is some kind of non-existent right-wing fairytale . 
  money money money is so yummy in a dutchman 's wooorld !, 
   whether the leaders actually believe their nonsense is n't really relevent , they are still beheading people . 
  i think that 's pretty relevant actually . 
  it does n't make them saints , obviously , or even not immoral , but in a very , very short way it can almost be argued that they are beheading people to stop other people from beheading even more people . 
  sort of . 
  not saying the house of saud are martyring themselves doing necessary bad things for the greater good , because that 's not their motivation . 
  their motivation is power and money , not religious extremism . 
  daesh ' motivation is religious extremism in power . 
  i do n't think it 's wise to throw those two on one heap . 
  an individual can certainly do so , but a country or powerblock 's foreign policy should not be dictated by such black-white sentiments . 
  it 's unfortunately complicated and in light of real world events and situations it 's not always possible to make the most morally outstanding decisions . 
  there are definitely saudi citizens , quite a few even , who have a lot of sympathy for daesh , but the house of saud itself and by extension , the ksa government do not . 
  people would be surprised how relatively liberal the saudi royals actually are compared to real hardline islamists .
