  it 's incredibly upfront about its motives and actions , to an extent that it 's virtually impossible to know about it by now , * especially * if she took the effort to actually join up with them . 
  i hope you 're wrong , man . 
  because if you 're correct , and you may well be , that a woman such as her simply ` had the wrong idea about daesh ' , this means that a frightening amount of muslims in europe live in worse segregation than i expected . 
  it 's not even as if one could claim that daesh is demonized here by ` western ' media , which could imply the woman thought daesh was n't as bad , because daesh and their affiliates take it upon themselves to announce their latest atrocities to the world . 
  hell , they document it even . 
  i find it absolutely inconceivable how someone living here , assuming the person is not mentally challenged , could have been surprised as to what daesh * actually stands for * upon arriving in their territory . 
  they told and showed the world time and time again what horrible things they did and believed in , and now this dumb bitch tries to say `` i did n't know they were bad , honest !, 
  lmao `` it was wrong bike i swear '' who even believes this ? 
  bitch , you done got caught cheating . 
  `` it was a mistake ... '' no , a mistake is when i accidentally put the butter knife in the jar of peanut butter . 
  a mistake is when my dumb ass tries to open the wrong letterbox . 
  a mistake is thinking you 're 10 yards away from your goalkeeper , yet he was 20 yards away and your backpass just turned into an unintended assist . 
  those are mistakes . 
  joining isis is n't a mistake . 
  if it * is * a mistake , the person who made that ` mistake ' must have mental faculties on the level of a toddler . 
  this woman freely embraced a terrorist death cult . 
  them ai n't no mistakes no ' mo ' , cowgirl . 
  i see that you 're not shying away from bringing isis to europe . 
  i asked , actually . 
  i was n't drawing any conclusion myself . 
  if you 're vocally wishing for the disappearance of israel you should n't be surprised that people might think that of you , though . 
   that does n't sound too bad now that i think of it ... = / you do n't like jews ? 
  you think i 'm making this up ? 
  hahahahaha . 
  apartheid state ? 
  with an arab on its supreme court and a dozen in parliament ? 
  yeah , you have no fucking idea what apartheid actually entailed . 
   israel is essentially an apartheid society with strong jewish political powers working towards the complete removal of muslims . 
  with an arab on the supreme court and a dozen arabs in parliament ... 
  i 'm not sure you know what an apartheid state * actually * is ... 
  man , those meese are tough motherfuckers . 
  scrambles up and away like it do n't give a shit . 
  of course , no guarantee the beastie is actually fine . 
  it probably is n't , given the wallop a bus would impart on you . 
  but still ... 
  that 's an interesting question from a legal perspective that i do n't have the answer for , but yes , what if ? 
  what if we created a ` bulge ' extending outwards from our coast ? 
  would the 12km zone shift outwards proportionally as well ? 
  i do n't know but it 's interesting . 
  on a practical level , it 's a very different matter however . 
  the land that we did manage to reclaim was from very shallow water ; inland lakes , inlets , bays . 
  all these areas did n't need that much dirt to fill in , relatively anyway . 
  of course massive amounts of earth were moved in various anti-water projects , but compared to the herculean efforts to ` polder ' a piece of actual north sea or atlantic ocean , it 's child 's play . 
  they ca n't keep saying shit like this only to then turn around and be surprised and shocked by the rise of ( far ) right parties . 
  they 're basically herding people into the arms of populist parties now . 
  i 'm traditionally left-wing and very progressive , but i 'm also a realist and equal-opportunity hater who has long since lost any sense of trust in our eu ` leaders ' . 
  poldertaliban confirmed . 
  so done talking to you . 
  typical . 
  the old `` non-religious people lack morals '' spiel . 
  i 've heard that only about a thousand times by now . 
  i honestly would n't know where to start . 
  your weird view of what atheism actually is , perhaps ? 
  or the notion that an ` atheist ' society , whichever of the one million possibilities i guess , will inevitably devolve into extremism ? 
  where * do * i start ? 
  what do you really think atheism actually is ? 
  lol, 
  '' now with atheism taking over it it just a matter of time before extremism returns forever '' your view of atheism has already been firmly rooted and considering your deep religious convictions , evident by the words you use , i do n't think there 's any point in debate here . 
  you have a view of atheism as some kind of ideology , apparently leading to extremism . 
  i have no desire to plumb the depths of that ` rationale ' at all . 
   atheism is a death cult itself . 
  still thousands of atheists are murdering innocent babies in their wombs , even legalising it . 
  oooh wow , it 's good that you said that , now i know to gtfo . 
  were those millions of deaths caused * because * of atheism , though ? 
  did stalin and mao deliberately wipe out millions of religious people * because those people were religious * ? 
  of course not . 
  not to mention that holding up stalin as a prime example of atheism is not really that accurate . 
  he definitely surpressed traditional religion , yet he tried to substitute his own cult of personality for it ; the same thing that the north-korean leaders have taken to its utmost extreme , very much bordering on , if not outright , religious worship . 
  the latter can hardly be said to be some kind of core principle of atheism ... 
  `` you do n't understand , little one '' , the old fusilli smiled bitterly . 
  `` when the penne attacked ... the streets ran white with starch ... '', 
  get the fuck out ; hope you do n't get killed . 
  basic survivaly things . 
  and i 'm saying if you want to know how to become a billionaire , you ask a bunch of billionaires . 
  yet you insist on asking me . 
  and i keep referring you to the billionaires . 
  `` my plan '' ? 
  i 'm not , as an individual , responsible for drafting the policy to do so and i 'm not going to write up a massive essay just to slake your curiosity . 
  i 've already outlined as to what i think the first necessary steps are , i ca n't foresee what will happen after that . 
  yet you seem to demand from me an entire plan of action and as long as i do n't deliver it you see my argument as somehow incomplete . 
  i 'm done talking to you . 
  do n't have a bombvest . 
  do n't have any other kind of explosives . 
  do n't hold a knife to someone 's throat . 
  basic un-terroristy things . 
  interpretation can be changed . 
  your idea of islam seems to be completely static , as if islam itself can not change . 
  yet it can , and has . 
  not waving guns around is a good start i 'd wager . 
  well , i think that the european political establishment has been talking to the wrong muslims all along . 
  by pretending the ` moderate ' muslims are the ones to emancipate their communities , we 've only given credence to their , dare i say , backwards view of society and their reluctance to let go of that ; because we need to be mindful of their ` cultural identity ' and we should n't attempt to ` neo-colonize ' or more of such bullshit . 
  so the first step is deleting the stigma that comes with discussing immigrant and integration problems in a cultural context . 
  we need to hold immigrant communities here in the west to the same high standard as we hold ourselves to and not pander to their decidedly unliberal views ` just because they are different ' . 
  i believe the first step towards that is embracing the outspoken liberal muslims , the ex-muslims , the ex-radicals , the gay muslims . 
  the vulnerable elements within muslim communities who stand to gain the most for people like them by encouraging their communities to adopt certain ` western ' ( i 'd say universal ) values regarding individual autonomy . 
  that is the necessary start , i think . 
  who said anything about other regions ? 
  the start is here in the west , with the muslims who are already here . 
  i do n't have those answers . 
  but luckily big things do not depend on schurkjeboefje 's view of the world .
