  as you probably know , they 're more like a large clan than our typical ( western ) understanding of a family . 
  some are islamist shitheads , some are pretty liberal , most are probably just opportunists primarly invested in keeping in power . 
  if it 's the royals vs. the clerics , any sane westerner ( or indeed , any sane person ) should choose the royals . 
  you 've spectacularly missed the point . 
  holy shit you were serious . 
  the bottom line is that we do what is suggested by the people who think the saudi royals are the worst people ever , we 'd giving the biggest fucking birthday present imaginable to the likes of isis . 
  i doubt the `` saudi = satan '' crowd thought about that . 
  ... the actual fuck ? 
  isis is literally committing genocide , but whatever i guess ? 
  ca n't tell if serious or ... 
  the majority of people have a severe misconception about why the ksa is how it is . 
  they paint the saudi royals as vanilla isis and say we should cut all ties and some even say we actively try to bring them down . 
  as i said , this betrays some severe misconceptions that they hold regarding the ksa . 
  after all , screaming and wailing for 2 sentences is a lot easier than having a hard think . 
  people only want easy solutions these days , so everything saudi = the devil , and that 's it . 
  case closed . 
  easy peasy . 
  reality is n't that simple however . 
  you 'll just make it worse by isolating them . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/saudi-arabia-the-devil-we-know/2016/04/21/2109ecf6-07fd-11e6-b283-e79d81c63c1b_story.html?utm_term=.24ece7de7bab ) is a decent , very short article on the situation . 
   i believe that saudi arabia bears significant responsibility for the spread of a cruel , intolerant and extremist interpretation of islam -- one that can feed directly into jihadi thinking . 
  but as gregory gause points out in a forthcoming essay in foreign affairs , the story is more complicated . 
  `` saudi arabia lost control over the global [ extremist ] movement in the 1980s , and . 
  the saudi regime itself has been targeted by that movement since the 1990s . '' after all , if the united states was target no . 
  1 for al-qaeda , saudi arabia was target no . 
   in the 1950s , saudi arabia 's wahhabi version of islam , a product of nomadic desert culture , was practiced by a tiny minority of muslims -- perhaps 1 to 2 percent . 
  then came the oil boom , and saudi arabia -- flush with cash -- spread these ideas throughout the muslim world . 
   this globalized wahhabism has destroyed much of the diversity within islam , snuffing out liberal and pluralistic interpretations of the religion in favor of an arid , intolerant one . 
  in the 1980s , as the war in afghanistan against the soviet union was infused with religious fervor , doctrines of jihad flourished . 
  in many cases , islamic fundamentalism turned into islamic terrorism . 
   in the years after 9/11 , after much defensiveness and many denials , the saudis began to reverse course , shutting down government funding for islamic extremist movements . 
  david petraeus once told me that the most significant strategic shift during his time in uniform was that saudi arabia went from being a tacit supporter to an aggressive foe of jihadi groups . 
  today saudi intelligence is a major ally in fighting al-qaeda , the islamic state and other groups . 
   yet saudi funding of islamic extremism has not ended , and its pernicious effects can be seen from pakistan to indonesia . 
  these funds come from individuals , not the government . 
  still , it is hard to imagine that the saudi monarchy can not turn off the pipeline of money to extremists abroad and at home . 
   saudi arabia remains reluctant to take on its religious extremists for fear of backlash . 
  hard-line religious leaders and ideologues have significant sway in saudi society . 
  the kingdom is known for its vast and growing social media . 
  less known is that its biggest stars are wahhabi preachers and extremist ideologues who are now spreading anti-shiite doctrines as part of the struggle against iran . 
  the central dilemma remains : were the saudi monarchy to fall , it might be replaced not by a group of liberals and democrats but rather by islamists and reactionaries . 
  having watched this movie in iraq , egypt , libya and syria , i am cautious about destabilizing a regime that is in many areas -- defense , oil , finance -- a stable ally . 
   saudi arabia has created a monster in the world of islam , a frankenstein monster that threatens saudi arabia as much as the west . 
   the saudi monarchy must reform itself and its export of ideology . 
  but the reality is , this is far more likely if washington engages with riyadh rather than distancing itself , leaving the kingdom to fester in isolation . 
  foreign policy means dealing with the world as it is , not as you wish it to be . 
  it requires forgoing the satisfaction of a grand moral victory and accepting instead possibly frustrating quarter-measures . 
  in few cases is this more true than in the united states ' relations with this strange desert kingdom . 
  except with a much stronger and widely supported isis-esque party . 
  it would be ten times as bad as the country is now . 
  no , actually , because the ksa is very far removed from a traditional dictatorship . 
  yet , this is a concept that so many are unable to grasp when it comes to the ksa . 
  the difference lies not os much in the oppressors but in the oppressed . 
  in nearly any traditional dictatorship , the overwhelming majority of the population severely disapproves . 
  in saudi arabia however ... and that 's where the big difference is ... the ksa has a significant part of the population who are absolute religious hardliners . 
  the religious authorities hold a lot of sway . 
  the ruling house are actually the ones keeping that shit in check , to a certain degree . 
  a very large part of the saudi population , perhaps as much as half , does not think they are oppressed at all . 
  part of that group would like to see even more fundamentalistic religious law . 
  the saudi royals are , as hard to swallow as this may be , the lesser evil in this clusterfuck . 
  for the west to stop supporting the saudis , even actively try to destabilize them ... that 's not going to work out well . 
  for anyone , really . 
   gypsies are a majority in romania , the color does not matter anymore since they were gathered from all over eastern europe and dumped in there.it 's politically correct to open gypsy museums only . 
   jews are a race of murderers and it is inappropriate to promote their activities here . 
   this will be the tip of the iceberg for how the saud 's treat their own people . 
  do you think the house of saud are relentless dictators who oppress an unfortunate populace ? 
  serious question : what do you think will happen in saudi arabia if the current royals , the house of saud , would be deposed ? 
  what 's gon na happen ? 
  oh boy , i bet this thread will have a lot of informed opinions on the state of saudi arabia . 
  taco trucks on every corner !, 
  it 's finally happening !, 
  worst fish and chips i 've had in my life was in london . 
  chips were alright , but the ` fish ' was mostly batter with a sliver of fish-like material somewhere in the middle . 
  awful, 
  i agree . 
  i think it 's very unlikely that a russian army air defence crew would be so stupid as to shoot their buk pretty much blind at a target travelling at commercial altitudes and commercial speeds . 
  anyone who knows how the system works ( and its crew definitely falls in that category ) would know that 's exceptionally risky . 
  and for active duty personnel , i highly doubt it 's a mistake they were willing to risk . 
  separatist amateurs is significantly more likely . 
  which does not absolve russia from blame , by the way . 
  they still gave a loaded gun to a child . 
  taco trucks on every corner !, 
  it 's happening !, 
  for combat helos , literally zero benefit . 
  it looks cool though , and it might be indicative of flight performance that is benefecial in other areas , but there 's no point to it in combat . 
  caught out by that sink rate . 
  stupid , but he is n't the first to do it , and wo n't be the last either . 
  but the action was already happening . 
  i would n't say they ` stirred up ' or ` incited ' the conflict , but that they participated by proxy once it had started . 
  i think we disagree on what the word ` inciting ' means here . 
  i do n't disagree that france has a shared responsibility in the situation , but i certainly would n't say they ` incited ' it . 
  but they did n't * incite * it . 
  that 's saying like the us ` created ' al qaeda , or even the taliban ( which is a bit more true , but still a massive exaggeration ) . 
  france did n't ` incite ' shit . 
  i do n't deny that many , probably the majority , are people from war-torn countries . 
  but , the fuckers at calais are not refugees for example . 
  not that the fuckers at calais represent a lion share , but they * are * there . 
  i 'm not trying to belittle the actual refugee crisis , i 'm not saying they 're all ( or even a majority ) coming to rape our white women and mooch off of welfare . 
  what i * am * saying is that the migrant crisis is a huge and complicated problem and that equating that with the current polish government trying to deny abortion under ** all ** circumstances is a bit silly , because one is more complicated than the other when we 're talking about the practicalities of the situation . 
  i 'm not sure why people are so upset at my post questioning the validity of that comparison .
