  it 's as if people see alt-righters everywhere these days . 
  aw , beat me to it . 
  wait , what does the us have to do with this ? 
  i mean , i agree that as partial creators of the problem , the onus is also on them to take in more refugees than they do , but what does the us taking in refugees have to do with my criticsm of the polish government in this ? 
  but germany * is * taking in refugees ? 
  maybe not as many as you would like to see them take in , but there are practical considerations there as well . 
  not to mention that germany is n't even close to the warzones these refugees are coming from . 
  a lot of them are economic migrants , not refugees . 
  potentially unpopular opinion , but the eu should threaten to kick out nations that flagrantly breach human rights , such as refusing an abortion to a raped child . 
  yesterday i came across a depressed blacksmith at kaer muire who informed me that his son recently died . 
  blacksmith : \\* depressed as fuck * geralt the riv : `` i 've got a hankering for gwent ! '', 
  priceless, 
  i 've recently ( and finally ! ), 
  started witcher 3 after enjoying the previous two installments immensely and it 's one of the best gaming experiences of my life . 
  steam says i have 93 hrs logged in the game . 
  now i admit that i 'm a gwent fiend and there might be the odd hour or two of ` playtime ' that 's toilet breaks or quick sandwich assembly , but all in all , that 's a solid 85-90 hrs of gameplay . 
  i 'm level 23 , still in skellige , tons of various sidequests to still do , areas to explore and two untouched expansions ( and toussaint looks quite sizeable ) . 
  would n't surprise me if the eventual tally is well over 150 hrs . 
  on one playthrough . 
  that 's pretty much insane . 
  mass effect games do n't come close . 
  even the venerable baldur 's gate ii , with all it had to offer , does n't come close . 
  dude ... ~ ~ `` i will fight anyone '' ~ ~ =  `` i will take on anyone '' missed opportunity !, 
  it 's a lot easier to listen to the likes of rush limbaugh and be constantly outraged . 
  as far as i understand things , the abject failure of arab secular socialism ( the whole baathist stuff ) was a serious factor in the relatively recent resurgence ( last few decades ) of islamic extremism . 
  for all the whinging that trump does about how the media is unfair to him , it 's actually hillary whose issues covered much more extensively by the media . 
  the media has nothing to gain from a one horse race . 
  there 's no money in that . 
  oh of course , mock them to your heart 's content , it 's just that alt-right bigots will crawl deeper into their victim role all the while accusing you of being the big bad boogeyman . 
  if we 're going to get antfucky , literally everyone has an accent . 
  it 's just that some accents have been made into the ` standard ' accent . 
  i think modern abn has its origins in the haarlem accent for example . 
  though i could be wrong . 
  tell us more about the millions of savages , 18 day old pro-trump account . 
  he posts in redpill and the_cheeto , so mate , i would save yourself the trouble of ` debating ' with that guy . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  there will be no dialogue . 
  you will just feel twilight zoned . 
  he will not learn anything . 
  giving life in death is a beautiful thing . 
  you 've gotten a lot more serious the last few months . 
  way fewer glorious shiteposts . 
  what happened ? 
   he was n't even an active politician anymore , eh , running as a candidate makes you an active politician in my book , but i guess that 's semantics . 
  regardless , it was n't so much that he made a wrong claim , it 's that he made an egregiously incorrect claim which casted such moral objections over our country that people in the crowds audibly gasped . 
  i mean , there 's a difference between a us pres. 
  candidate quoting dutch unemployment numbers and getting them a bit wrong , and a us pres. 
  candidate straight up propagating the hilariously ignorant ( seriously , 10 seconds of google ... ) view that the dutch government , one of the usa 's oldest european allies , is straight up murdering its senior citizens . 
   like climate change denial , or beeing against sex-ed , or thinking chemtrails are a thing and starting expensive inquiries into them in the landestage they got voted into . 
  lmmfao , for real ? 
  it 's so funny how the ` fringe parties ' who campaign on being not politically correct and sticking it to the establishment , two things i certainly do n't necessarily disagree with , manage to attract so many lunatics all the time . 
  same story over here with the pvv and before that , lpf . 
  we even got a new word out of it , a `` mailboxpisser '' . 
  edit , small addition : if any of the european fringey parties were actually capable of self-policing to a responsible degree , i think they 'd have much more legitimacy and positive attention . 
  but across the continent , such parties seem woefully incapable of filtering out their nutjobs . 
  what 's so great about suffering with the certainty of no happy end ? 
  seriously , can you explain that to me ? 
  why should ` we ' , as a society , let that woman suffer ? 
  it 's more disgraceful to deny terminally sick and suffering people a responsible method of ending it , than to deny it out of a feeling of ... yes well , what exactly ? 
  what gives ` us ' the fucking right to prolong someone else 's suffering ? 
  that sounds like mother theresa to me . 
  and she was a vile , nasty woman utterly obsessed with suffering . 
  the best word for euthanasia is euthanasia . 
  i 'm still pissed that our gov did n't correct those fuckers in public back then . 
  despicable claims that show they did n't even do 5 seconds of research . 
  but i 've grown to expect nothing less from tea party taliban anymore . 
  i thought immigration was like their # 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 issue . 
  still , that ` fuck everything ' outlook fits the angry right populist movement quite well . 
  the afd has been beobachting this very v\u00f6lkischly i gather ... 
  it 's pretty much a single-issue party too , no ? 
  a fairly innocuous topic that has great attraction for the ` muh white genocide ' people . 
  hence the dubious comments here and there . 
  [ list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_people_in_both_the_bible_and_the_quran ) of arabic biblical names for the curious . 
  quite a few in there . 
  i think it 's trying to suggest that the only ones who can take the eu project truly forward are a ( minority ? ), 
  of ` enlightened ' citizens throughout europe . 
  that 's what i took away from it anyway . 
  like it 's mostly dark everywhere , but groups of people over multiple buildings combined can still make the eu ideal , represented by the eiffel tower silhouette , work as it 's intended to . 
  baby steps , i guess . 
  we ca n't expect the vatican to throw a pride parade tomorrow . 
  your intention to fight the agenda makes you see illusionary agendas everywhere and you fight back with incorrect numbers . 
  stalin did not ` order ' the deaths of more civilians than hitler and the nazis did . 
  period . 
  that does n't make stalin any less of the heinous monster that he was , but i do n't see the need to hold on to the inflated casualty claim for him that we 've known for a while now to be wrong . 
   `` all in all , the germans deliberately killed about 11 million noncombatants , a figure that rises to more than 12 million if foreseeable deaths from deportation , hunger , and sentences in concentration camps are included . 
  for the soviets during the stalin period , the analogous figures are approximately six million and nine million . 
  these figures are of course subject to revision , but it is very unlikely that the consensus will change again as radically as it has since the opening of eastern european archives in the 1990s . 
  since the germans killed chiefly in lands that later fell behind the iron curtain , access to eastern european sources has been almost as important to our new understanding of nazi germany as it has been to research on the soviet union itself . 
  ( the nazi regime killed approximately 165,000 german jews . ) '', 
  http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2011/03/10/hitler-vs-stalin-who-killed-more/?pagination=false excellent short article by timothy snyder . 
  i do n't think i 'm the one with the agenda here ... 
  if we are talking about ordering ( including the purposefully vague decision process of the endl\u00f6sing , since it pretty much amounts to orders anyway ) the murders of noncombatants then no , stalin did not kill more people than hitler and his nazis did . 
  the * intention * behind the holodomor and other soviet famines is still very heavily disputed . 
  consensus seems to be ` exploited , but not planned ' . 
  however , even including holodomor deaths , gulag deaths and the military/intellectual purges , you 're not reaching nazi numbers . 
  exactly this !, 
  it 's a great form of bird control around airports that 's being adopted more and more . 
  my cousin is a ` bird watcher ' for the dutch air force as well . 
  birds and military jets generally do n't make a great mix , especially around single engine jets . 
  ever since the soviet archives opened up in the early 90s , stalin 's ` kill count ' has been lowered significantly .
