  in 1938 , adolf asked william to relinquish his british citizenship in exchange for a high-ranking job . 
  expecting a trap , william fled nazi germany ; he again tried to blackmail his uncle with threats . 
  this time , william threatened to tell the press that hitler 's alleged paternal grandfather was actually a jewish merchant . 
  returning to london he wrote an article for look magazine titled `` why i hate my uncle . 
  '' [ 2 ] william allegedly did return , briefly , to germany in 1938 . 
  [ citation needed ] it is unknown what exactly william 's role in late-1930s germany was . '', 
  there 's literally zero evidence that supports the ` false flag ' narrative . 
  the thing in contention in academic circles is whether v/d lubbe worked alone or not , not if he actually did it . 
  the dutch dank legion . 
  i like it . 
  armed with fat buddha sacks and of course the very memiest of memes . 
  rolling up instead of rolling out . 
  that 's where the ` kush ' nickname for weed originated . 
  mountain range around the borders of pakistan and afghanistan . 
  type of weed comes from there . 
  over time ` kush ' has also become a more generalized term for weed . 
   after all , in the long term not even long term . 
  already for every european victim of islamic terrorism , a good dozen muslims bite the dust ` over there ' . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
   slavs are kinda off the radar . 
  well , the soviet union itself categorized pretty much all german war crimes as `` crimes against the soviet union '' . 
  they were very reluctant to highlight the specifics of nazi ideological hatred , most notably the jews , in order to swipe all of it under the general umbrella of crimes against the motherland . 
  may have had something to do with `` slavs '' not immediately perceived as per-definition victims of nazi ideology , when they certainly were of course . 
  her pose in that picture seems to be a classical `` wtf is this shit ? '' . 
  i like her already . 
  so you wish to treat them as slaves . 
  roger that . 
   murderers should always get life in prison at a minimum in a just world and if they are getting life in prison then they are not being rehabilitated because they are not rejoining society . 
  they should live a stark minimalist life devoid of luxury and be forced to work to help subsidize the taxpayers keeping them alive . 
  slaves . 
  the word you 're looking for is slaves . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4vxmta/why_norways_prison_system_is_so_successful/d62m209 buy one , get one free . 
  ethnic dutch have been and still are well represented in the drug trade , man . 
  dude , there 's no point . 
  younger eastern europeans are convinced the soviets are worse than the nazis and if you try to argue otherwise , they are quick to call you a stalin apologist or some shit . 
  it 's happened a lot before on this sub and it will happen again . 
   for the other one those were just that - plans . 
  what the fuck am i reading ? 
  my appetite has been seriously triggered . 
  which country/organization currently has a better economy ? 
  eu - 47 % russia - 40 % do n't know - 13 % 7 . 
  which country/organization has more respect for human rights ? 
  eu - 52 % russia - 30 % do n't know - 18 % 5 . 
  which model of society is more suitable for serbia : russian or eu ? 
  russian - 49 % eu - 34 % do n't know - 17 % serbia might be stronk kabob removal services , but they 're not very bright ... 
  sandwich cheese-cucumber-mustard is a great thing . 
  if you 're comparing deportations-as-collective-punishment with the school trip buddy system , i 'm afraid you 're missing dude 's original point ... 
  aggressive poldering : compromising into the grave, 
  \\* attenborough voice * `` and here we see a jovial exchange in english ` chav style ' by two alpha males ; one turk , one greek . 
  historically fierce competitors , they 've largely managed to contain their hostilities ever since they 've become part of the larger european clan . '', 
  forget erdogollum for a minute , guize , group hug !, 
  i see national-cultural identity as a large checklist , not as a yes or no thing . 
  according to your logic , a child born in germany to polish parents , adhering to german culture , morals , language and customs is not german , whereas a child born in anaheim , california to german parents , adhering to american culture , morals , language and customs is the german one . 
  if you want to couple your idea of national-cultural identify to ethnicity within a rigid framework , that 's your prerogative , but do n't pretend it 's undeniable truth . 
   just overall why does it bother you so much that ethnicity is based on ancestry ? 
  what is this moving the goalposts shit ? 
  no one disputes ethnicity is based on ancestry . 
  the issue is you piling everything regarding national and cultural identity on ethnicity , `` because you said so '' , and everyone who tries to argue that maybe that part of a person 's identity is a lot more fluid and less rigid , you respond with `` oh , you must be against european ethnic groups '' . 
  like wtf ? 
  do you even read your own nonsense ? 
   why are you so against european ethnic groups and their identities ? 
  piss off with your assumptions . 
   being german and french is based on ethnicity . 
  says who , exactly ? 
  in your quote are four characteristics , the munich guy adhered to at least two . 
  are all four required to be a `` german '' ? 
  what about french people ? 
  what about a black french dude whose family has been living in paris for five generations ? 
  he 's not ` ethnically frankish ' but is he not french ? 
  what about black dutchies here , who have their ` roots ' in suriname and africa if we go further back . 
  are they not dutch ? 
  are they african ? 
  what about black americans ? 
  are they not american ? 
  hell , what about white americans ? 
  are they not american ? 
  they sure as fuck are not the original inhabitants of the land . 
  this all revolves around one 's definition of what it means to be german , or french , or american . 
  you seem to be of the opinion that anyone who ca n't tick the ethnicity box is per definition excluded . 
  i dispute such a narrowminded vision . 
  yes , just like tarzan . 
  the reason this example is fictional is because no white people emigrate to zulu country . 
  but if an iranian person or couple emigrates to germany , has a child , that child grows up in germany , identifies as german , speaks german , holds german values , acts according to german customs , how can you discredit him as being german purely based on his ethnicity ? 
  if a white baby was left in the african bush , picked up by a bunch of zulus and taken as their own , grew up with their language , customs and way of life , do you think 25 years after you can claim that white zulu dude ` is n't zulu at all ' just because he does n't share their ethnicity ? 
  the concept of ` being german ' in a modern sense far transcends ethnicity . 
  so one of the craziest bints of recent times now becomes an example case instead of a ridiculous outlier ? 
  i 've been utterly bombarded with source selection and judgement techniques in high school , do n't you worry about that . 
  do you think identity revolves solely around ethnicity ? 
  at which point do the lines blur for you ? 
  to be fair , the majority of radicalization reports do come from other muslims , most often family members . 
  only cnn and fox had an unconfirmed eyewitness ( earwitness ) that supposedly heard that . 
  not a single german media outlet reported it . 
  now what do you think happened ? 
  that cnn and fox got it wrong or that there 's a massive german media conspiracy afoot ? 
  takin our racist jobs !, 
  spin ? 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  that it is n't true ? 
  some things never change '' ( * german * ) soldiers ' bunkers are a different sight : here one wo n't see empty chocolate boxes and unfinished sardines . 
  there are only tins of pressed peas and chunks of bread as heavy as cast iron .
