  the hard right-wing radio talkshow stuff . 
  the ( hard ) left-wing comedy talkshows on tv . 
  the alt-right internet bubble . 
  thirty years of right wing outrage media have demonized liberals and democrats every step of the way . 
  they were going to ruin the country , take their guns away and put them in fema camps . 
  they were going to tax you to the hilt and then give that money to immigrants . 
  now add 25 years of specific anti-clinton stuff on top of that . 
  any legitimate criticism of clinton can not be talked about when half the nation is convinced she 's satan . 
  look at [ this ] ( http://www.mediaite.com/online/new-poll-shows-that-41-of-republicans-still-dont-think-obama-was-born-in-the-u-s/ ) shit . 
  that 's from august this year . 
  forty-one percent !, 
  forty-one !, 
  that 's not normal anymore . 
  nobody is convincing me that there are n't serious undertones of racism there , for example . 
  and that has been force-fed by the right-wing outrage media for so bloody long , that you end up with ... well , this , what we 're seeing now . 
  as much as struggling to put food on the table for their families is very much a legitimate problem that needs examination , discussion , and solutions , it 's not an excuse for people to turn to rabid populism , the embrace of fact-free politics , and the support of an incompetent racist , sexist demagogue . 
  i will judge people based on what they think , what they support and how they get their information . 
  if my judgement ends up being `` these people are morons with racist undertones '' then shit , that 's what it is . 
  the new-right has been telling me that pc culture , safe spaces and tolerating intolerance is bad , so there it is . 
  my unsalted judgement . 
  of course , the notion that the new-right is horrified and offended at this judgement is all the funnier . 
  which in turn makes my head explode . 
  and for the record , i 'm pretty sure that the biggest base of support for trump ultimately ended up being baby boomers . 
  the same demographic that republicans have pandered to for decades , but then always on a socially conservative agenda . 
  only this election it suddenly gained an anti-establishment , anti-globalist aspect . 
  shitheads like pence were there to secure the evangelical vote . 
  which it did . 
  and the evangelical and baby-boomer demographics were never that keen on social progressivism in the first place . 
  so i 'll happily call those people deplorable anyway , because they 're not that worried about economic anxiety . 
  and nothing about that says that someone is a bigot for rightfully pointing out stupidity . 
  alt-right reality . 
  i do n't even ... do you even know what ` bigot ' actually means ? 
  telling people they 're being stupid for voting against their own interests is n't being a ` bigot ' . 
  first your improper use of ` regressive left ' and now this . 
  words truly do n't mean anymore , do they ? 
  meme magic . 
  dude , please do n't be facetious here and read what i actually wrote . 
  that 's because not only is trump a hilariously unsuited candidate , trump himself freaking hates the media and can be triggered with a mean look . 
  his relationship with the media , any media really , was not a good one . 
  and when you treat the media as such , the media is n't going to like you back . 
  that said , the right-wing outrage media generally is not represented in the mainstream of course . 
  fox news gets somewhat close , but it 's not fullblown insanity . 
  radio talkshow and books is where the real juice is . 
  limbaugh . 
  beck . 
  coulter . 
  `` the brainwashing of my dad '' is an interesting documentary about this . 
   yeah and the liberal left has been helping them all the way while claiming the moral high ground because of their social policies . 
  bill clinton is the perfect example , he gutted social security and set up the mass-incarcerating prison system and militarised the police but he was a liberal and could play the saxophone so he was n't really that bad right ? 
  the same thing is happening here . 
  all the centrist ( liberal ) politicians fuck over the working class time after time and then chastise them when they vote for right-wing populists who claim to offer an alternative . 
  `` tough on crime '' was the mantra back then . 
  and honestly , compared to the years of reagan and bush sr. , bill was a goddamn hippie . 
  not to mention , without a centrist shift ( third way ) , a democratic presidency would n't have even happened and there 'd be more republican economics . 
   it 's not going to a safe space , they simply just stopped listening . 
  and why should they listen ? 
  there were plenty of legitimate criticisms of trump that just faded into the unending noise of condescending chastisement directing toward him and his supporters . 
  think about all those expos\u00e9s done by people like john oliver and seth meyers and jon stewart et al ( where were the ones on clinton is also a good question ) , that all included legitimate criticisms of trump as a candidate but no trump supporters likely ever watched because those issues were buried under an avalanche of childish name-calling and outright ridicule of the genuine concerns of people who had been driven to vote for him . 
  you ca n't expect people to not ridicule trump . 
  his candidacy and the way he carried himself were just unseen before . 
  as far as legitimate criticisms went , fact-free politics and media reigned supreme . 
  ca n't have a rational debate with that . 
  you have two sides of outrage media ( though one markedly worse ) and the corporate `` do anything for ratings '' msm in between . 
  at least talk about it in your own social circle . 
  of course apathy for clinton was all around . 
  demonizing the clintons is * literally * an industry in the states that has been around for nearly three decades . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/among-the-hillary-haters/384976/ bit long , but a good read . 
  if hard right-wing outrage media can whip up a population into such a frenzy about a person that they 'd rather vote for an incompetent , sexist , racist who will enact policies that are detrimental to themselves , all to spite what is basically a caricature of another politician , i 'm going to be a bit judgemental about that . 
  `` liberals '' are n't somehow solely responsible for the problems of the working class , this is the exact fallacy that the right is operating under . 
  for god 's sake , the right has actively fucked the working class in the ass for decades , and now they 're throwing themselves on stage as their saviours , succesfully so , whilst being hardcore establishment . 
  how fucking stupid to fall for that . 
   anyone who did n't vote for clinton must surely be sexist and racist !, 
  what a load of horseshit , and after a while people just tuned it out . 
  muh safe space . 
  then they validated those accusations by voting for an incompetent sexist and racist . 
   these are the people who have continiously lost the industries that have supported their towns whilst simultaneously being derided in the media as a bunch of idiots . 
  these are people that have lost their jobs because the world is changing . 
  this is a simple fact , you ca n't bring back jobs that are just gone-gone . 
  we do n't have street lantern lighters anymore either . 
  or people who physically bang on your door in the morning to wake you up . 
  electric lamps and alarmclocks supplanted those jobs . 
  manufacturing jobs are exported and automated for a large part . 
  those jobs are * gone * . 
  people need to realize it 's a changing world and find a different solution . 
  but that 's not what happens , those people are whipped up to blame the disappearance of their jobs on other factors . 
  immigrants . 
  globalists . 
  the establishment . 
  then parts of the establishment see it as an opportunity to present themselves as anti-establishment , make fake promises , and heap scorn on the other side of the establishment for being concerned and/or pandering to other parts of the electorate , usually with a progressive agenda . 
  the * problems * experienced by the ( white ) working class across the west are very real and merit discussion and solution . 
  but the blame is allocated incorrectly , by the working class themselves and their populist politicians . 
  the white working class in the us has legitimate problems . 
  how do we solve those problems ? 
  by electing a shady billionaire who has a history of fucking the little guy in the ass , propped up by * the * party of the wealthy , on a platform of railing against progressivism and pandering to christian fundamentalists . 
  logic !, 
  and that 's what makes them a bunch of idiots . 
  could you give me an example of the undecideds in the centre though ? 
  i mean , which people are these ? 
  i 'm not saying that every trump supporter was a dumb bigot right off the bat , but how does a rational undecided end up voting for a candidate whose incompetency is on monty python levels ? 
  do n't these people end up grouping themselves with the the dumb bigots at that point ?
