  those jobs are gone . 
  gone-gone . 
  they 're not coming back . 
   hillary represented policy continuation of the last 30 years which negatively impacted the lives of these people and their families . 
  policy continuation ? 
  people really need to off this nonsense idea that globalisation is some ` policy ' thing . 
  the world is changing . 
  it has always done so . 
  thinking their manufacturating jobs can ` come back ' is a wet pipedream . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  that is n't anyone 's fault in particular . 
  if people get fooled by someone saying `` i will bring your jobs back '' when those jobs are never goiing to come back , then i will happily call those people gullible and morons . 
  ** especially ** if they reject the other candidate who had plans for social security programs that would 've helped economically disenfranchised voters . 
  instead they elected the guy whose party hates social safety nets . 
  i mean ... 
  oh yeah , i 'm gon na spend my sunday evening watching 90 mins of debate on canadian legislature . 
  lol, 
  do we have any indication by how much republican support swelled in those states , though ? 
  if we truly want to credit the trump campaign with winning those states on their own merit , red enthusiasm must 've gone up significantly , instead of a downturn in blue enthusiasm . 
  the white working class in those states still seems to be very divided . 
  it 's not like trump landslided those states , right ? 
  the margins were small . 
  if trump 's message resonated strongly in the rust belt , it did n't do so with * that many * people , did it ? 
  at least , certainly not enough that we can speak of a true swaying over of the white working class in those areas . 
  if i were being cynical , i 'd say the demonization of clinton and a small number of gullible voters in those states are what turned it around to trump . 
  but did n't a lot of moderate dem voters sit this one out ? 
  that would suggest to me not so much that trump * won * the rust belt but that hillary * lost * it , if you follow the difference i 'm trying to make . 
  the people that would usually be swayed for a red vote turned up and voted red . 
  much fewer of those people on the blue side this year , i gathere.d, 
  whether it worked or not , i do n't think one can say that no one has ever pandered to white middle america . 
  let 's also not forget that trump did n't do better than romney or mccain , but that hillary did significantly worse than obama . 
   no one has ever pandered to white middle america . 
  republicans running on platforms of social conservatism for decades does n't count ? 
  yeah , you 're a troll account . 
  30 min . 
  old account ... 
  and make ~ ~ the channel ~ ~ chanel pay for it !, 
  that dastardly establishment house run by the ( ( ( wertheimers ! ) ) ), 
   political correctness for everybody or for nobody . 
   it 's always been that way . 
  same with safe spaces , priviledge , etc , those concepts applied themselves unilaterally throughout the world and society . 
  problem is that ( white ) right-wingers were n't able to normally talk about these concepts , because they thought the fringes of tumblr were reality so every time the mere concept of safe space or priviledge were brought up , the right-wing had a collective aneurysm and then crawled deep into their own vicitm mentality . 
  it would be hilarious if it was n't so goddamn sad . 
  you forgot the one about gabby giffords . 
  talk about ` deplorable ' ... 
  you too should go back to the_feelsfort and spam your dumbass propaganda there . 
   `` tolerant left '' it 's like playing alt-right bingo . 
   cultural marxists . 
  \\* sigh * just call it cultural bolshevism . 
  you know you want to . 
  pretty sure more working class and low income americans voted hillary than trump . 
  trump 's base is the typical red hinterland of the us . 
  wealthy and socially conservative . 
  the whole ` working class strikes back by voting trump ' thing has no basis in reality . 
  knew it was apetor before i even clicked !, 
  based perkele, 
  i doubt any of it would 've have happened if the candidate was barry o'bama whose dad came from dublin . 
   the traitors always a nice red flag to signify a neo-reactionary extremist . 
  four years of birtherism do n't real ? 
  republicans are pretty outspoken about it . 
  been so for years . 
  itll happen and then the trump memers will be horrified, 
  because a tyranny of the minority is better ? 
  they loved him over at the_feelsfort . 
  just goes to show millennial trump supporters only care about da memes and burning the house down . 
  we 'll see how funny they find it when there 's a republican-led attack on net neutrality . 
  lol , as if that 's the shit right-wing extremists say, 
  thats an excellent question and the downvotes youre getting speak clearly enough . 
  the free speech crowd is amazingly quiet when it comes to extremist muslims saying stupid shit . 
  that is a highly speculative statement for which you have no factual basis . 
   six decades , no outrage . 
  cos it was covered up and the public at large did n't know . 
  ca n't get mad over what you do n't know . 
  plenty of outrage once it ` got out ' . 
  c'mon that 's bullshit . 
  plenty of outrage about savile and harris et al and those were white-as-white celebrities and not ` them ' at all . 
  miss fat ankle 2017, 
  sweden can not into inclusivity , it seems . 
  many homosex , but ignoring of the womensfolk . 
  you should read better books ... 
  a palace is ... well , a palace . 
  a castle is by defifnfition a structure that has a defensive * and * a residential function . 
  much more of a palace than a castle . 
  very pretty though . 
  quite high fantasy like . 
  `` spring of pussies ! '', 
  upvote , remove your upvote , upvote again . 
  it was either googling a heartfelt birthday wish or reverting to saatana perkele , suomi on paska *, 
   danish citizenship test  you must get at least 32 questions correct to pass . 
  your score : 62 % ( 25 points out of 40 ) rip most of my wrong answers were the specific danish things , esp the named people . 
  i like you . 
  you seem feisty . 
  do you want my recipe for moules-frites ? 
  this is 2/10 , lad, 
  unflaired account one month old active participant in the_dear_leader your internet presence is the equivalent of powdered asbestos in a party balloon . 
  jupitus , mitchell , and big dara all on the same panel ? 
  might have to rewatch that old ep . 
   the christian science monitor is run by a crazy church but the newspaper itself has actually won a shitton of pulitzers and is one of the best american newspapers oooh , good call . 
  i 'll be using the csm as an example of how an ideological organization can still put out quality journalism . 
  two day old account that 's whining about ` cultural marxism ' everywhere .
