  i 'm still subbed to qb and circ on yt as well , and watch their streams every once in a while . 
  but apart from rl , time is also spent on wot 's stablemate world of warships and space engineers . 
  in addition to that i still need to finish gta5 and i have n't played witcher 3 yet . 
  too many games , not enough play time !, 
  if you would search ^ this ^ nickname on the wot eu server , you will find i was quite a fan of the little bastard myself :d . i was never much of an arty player , but bert was just so much fun . 
  what do you mean nether has nothing to do with it ? 
  nether = neder/low . 
  silence , 304 !, 
  someone orange came up with * your * nickname !, 
  i guess eichmann was a martyr for nazism in this vein . 
  retarded ` logic ' . 
  we 've been asking some pretty dumb questions . 
  why is russia so big and italy a boot ? 
  well shit , it just turned out that way . 
  also , `` why is sweden a democratic nation ? '', 
  what the fuck , my compatriots ? 
  `` called the netherlands '' \\* happy tear rolls down cheek * \\* stands up , salutes and softly starts humming the star spangled banner *, 
  and then people say that ` the regressive left ' hardly exists or is just some outlier of the blogosphere . 
  just look at labour . 
  evidence of death camps is n't just a photograph ... 
  oh , that makes the notion that israel is hiding a huge extermination camp somewhere so reasonable all of a sudden . 
  not really https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1954_in_aviation that 's six fatal plane crashes with a combined 104 casualties in the first two weeks of the year alone . 
  actual death camps ? 
  evidence , por favor . 
  also , what , 700k jews were exterminated ? 
  i think you 'll find a few more than that died ... abour 5 to 6 million , jews alone . 
  add to that a few million gays , gypsies , slavs ... and 150 ( ! ), 
  million victims of communism ? 
  incredible numbers . 
  and you even go for the legit piece of 3rd reich agitprop with the ` most bolshevists are jews ' spiel . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  you are scary . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  edit : had a browse through your comment history . 
  not even looking at you without my glasses on a 20ft pole anymore . 
  holy shit . 
  you think ukip was created by israel and `` nazi '' is something communists came up with . 
  holy shit . 
   the israelis are doing to the palestinians what the nazis did to the jews in europe . 
  so where are the millions of deliberately exterminated palestinians ? 
  your analogy is untrue and in incredibly poor taste . 
  the type of analogies usually only put forth by hardcore anti-semites . 
  edit : love how this comment is ` controversial ' . 
  please , downvoters , show me the israeli death industry reponsible for genociding all the palestinians on an incredible scale . 
  please , provide evidence for it . 
  because as far as i can see , israel is n't murdering tens of thousands of people every day . 
  weird , that . 
  so if they do like the nazis , why do n't they do like the nazis ? 
  where does it all go , hm ? 
  the book of kelis : medieval europe 's greatest milkshake ? 
  i leave now :(, 
  well , a weapon such as a single telar is not really intended to be used completely on its own . 
  it 's capable of doing so , but in essence you 're shooting completely blind at that point . 
  because you lack information . 
  and a lack of skills will cause the knuckleheads operating the weapon to fire it * despite * the lack of information . 
  the penultimate argument especially is incredibly rich : `` middle east will again be peaceful without foreign interference '' oh yeah , sure , * of course * . 
  ** all ** of the me 's problems are because of israel and the filthy jews , * obviously * . 
  middle eastern nations * never * have some kind of internal dispute , civil war or sectarian violence . 
  nooo , most peaceful spot of clay on the globe , it 's just the bloody jews fucking it up . 
  of course . 
  \\* dissolves into a glob of pure cringe *, 
   no one had realized russia had given the separatists such advanced weaponry . 
  and perhaps more importantly , did not provide the skills and information needed to operate it properly . 
  north of antarctica . 
  never wrong !, 
  you can even see that happen * within * those parties themselves . 
  as soon as their strong leader is gone or falls into irrelevance for some reason , which kept them in line and focused on their ` common enemy ' , the rest of the populist party tears itself apart in a dirty power struggle . 
  this is actually pretty exciting . 
  i thought we were much further away from making these techniques usable , but apparently we 're coming along better than i thought . 
  '' in 2014 a dutch fighter jet accidentally strafed the control tower at the vliehors range on the island of vlieland , north of amsterdam , during a training flight . '', 
  this made me laugh . 
  `` north of amsterdam '' . 
   italy 's position is inspired by the vision of a federal eu and ever-closer integration , both economically and politically ... you fuckers are just trying to recreate the roman republic , are n't you ? 
  xd that 's cool , though . 
  i 'm in . 
  blatant accusations of racism are indeed few and far between , but one generally does not have to look very hard to find unsavoury implications of xenophobia and whatnot . 
  well , when it comes to * media * corporations , i do n't rate the chances of keeping a big secret amongst literally thousands of ambitious journalists very highly . 
  i think you are vastly overestimating the direct influence an owner or ceo can have on the end product of their media company in this specific way . 
  even hypothetically assuming a media ceo and/or owner is a massive zionist , actually trickling his ideas down to end product level to the point where it makes a discernable difference is a lot easier said than done . 
   to say that walt disney company is a zionist organization because it has a jewish ceo is highly racist . 
  that 'd be cosmic irony considering old walt 's feeling regarding jews xd, 
  lmao, 
  humans been wiping each other off the map before `` europeans '' were even a thing . 
  because genocide and gratuitous slaughter never ever happened in the americas , asia or africa , right ? 
  now you 're already designating jewish owners and executives of media companies as full blown zionists . 
  again , there is a difference between owners and their personal views and the notion that they are using their media companies to carry out coordinated attempts to force their own views on ` the masses ' . 
  having a jew at the head of a media company does n't mean said media company is pumping out anti-arab propaganda on a regular basis . 
  sadly , the latter is the conspiracy theory often espoused by many people . 
  it 's a massive step from that to the idea of some massive zionist conspiracy against the poor arabs . 
  i very much doubt turkey 's government having such noble motives in this situation ... 
  heh , `` zionist led media '' . 
  muslims and their conspiracy theories , man ... 
   i think the turkish government is doing the right thing if they are just looking out for discrimination against turks in general lol , do you really think that ? 
  i mean , * really * ? 
  roger that , makes sense . 
  so much for my fat rob mafia fantasy, 
  is n't that surname fairly close to the italian word for eating as well ? 
  the knesset has arab and muslim members and there 's a palestinian muslim on the israeli supreme court . 
  so ... no . 
  it 's not even remotely comparable to nazi germany or apartheid , a term also often bandied around for this .
