  i was referencing [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3o7u35/british_guantanamo_bay_inmate_who_was_given_1/cvusywh ), 
  aaah , yes , people who willingly move to a war-torn country and associate with hardliner fundamentalists are of course in no way associated with the same fundamentalist beliefs . 
  just a coincidence . 
  he moved to afghanistan for his career of course . 
  but dude was a yemeni ... wtf was he doing in afghanistan ? 
  it 's not as if one can claim ignorance as to what was/is going on in afghanistan . 
  http://www.originalitaly.it/it/ricette/r-trancio-di-spigola-sfilettata-con-tortino-di-pecorino-di-pienza-gambero-imperiale-al-gratin-e-julienne-di-porcini this looks pretty fucking good . 
  what 's spigola ? 
  it looks like seabass . 
  if only i could actually make out what they 're saying in the recipes :( shit looks delicious, 
  you often ` just so happen ' to find yourself thousands of miles away from home in the company of terrorists and armed extremists ? 
  it 's not exactly a weekly thing for most people ... if you 're a potato farmer from idaho and suddenly you 're in alabama with a survivalist neo-nazi group , something happened . 
  that 's not a normal vacation . 
  remove religious schools in general . 
  education should not be glazed with a specific religious sauce , nor should children grow up in little echo chambers surrounded by people who think exactly the same things . 
  keep your religion in your spare time . 
   they might be more prone to discrimination because of prejudice that exists specifically against people with their background and origin . 
  are you now hypothesizing that europeans are somehow extra racist against islamic people ? 
  no one in western europe ( apart from the standard fare racism you will find all over the world ) had anything specifically against muslims in , say , 1960 or so . 
  that really sounds like grasping at straws , dude . 
  you 're trying to shoehorn in some way or form that europeans are just simply racists and that 's that . 
  you 're arguing we discriminated them specifically really badly and now they 're mad . 
  that argument does n't hold much water when we point out it 's nearly exclusively a problem with islamic immigrants . 
  a congolese christian does n't radicalize here . 
  a buddhist chinese does n't radicalize here . 
  hindustan people from suriname do n't radicalize here . 
  so if it 's the mean xenophobic europeans belittling all these ethnic minorities and making them feel unwelcome , why is it predominantly young islamic males that have completely failed to integrate , whilst everyone else is doing just fine ? 
  it does matter , because in the case of kal 007 the ussr was legally allowed to shoot it down . 
  again , still an awful thing to do , but technically they were in their right . 
  but the russian federation has no legal right to shoot at any target in the contested eastern ukrainian airspace . 
  it seems highly unlikely to me that the russian military and government would risk the political fallout of them illegally shooting down a passenger liner for the potential benefit of making a little dent in the ukrainian military 's capabilities . 
  the risk-reward factor is completely off kilter for the actual russian military to get involved in such a direct mistake . 
  not to mention that the russians * do * have excellent iads and barring a fuck-up of the most monumental magnitude , they would 've known it was mh-17 . 
  now if you 're saying that the guys pushing the buttons on the buk were potentially russian military being ` liaised ' to the rebels , that 's a possibility . 
  but official russian military ( in this case air defense ) involvement just does n't really tick the boxes . 
  the russian bear was n't the one biting , it was its wild dog . 
  with the exception that kal007 was visually identified and was actually flying in soviet airspace . 
  kal 007 was a completely different situation . 
  ca n't compare that without any context . 
  you turned a funny reference into a pretty low blow ad hominem . 
  let 's hope germany listens ... we can not afford to make the same mistakes as 40/30 years ago with this new wave of immigrants . 
  people , especially actual refugees , are welcome here , but not at the cost of setting up a shadow society with morals of yestercentury and an attempt to make their new home just as shitty as their old home they had to flee from . 
  european countries need to take a stronger stance as to * who * exactly they let in . 
  syrian secular ? 
  yes please . 
  yes please . 
  somalian young girl afraid of a forced marriage ? 
  yes please . 
  fanatical and fundamental muslims ? 
  i doubt actual russian troops would be stupid enough to shoot at a target flying at civilian liner altitude without an i ( ntegrated ) a ( ir ) d ( efense ) s picture or solid confirmation what the hell it is they are actually shooting at . 
  dammit , i wanted to say that :d, 
  in lieu of any glaswegian replying here ; rangers currently plays in the scottish championship . 
  this is the 2nd league , but they 're leading by a fair margin and will undoubtedly get promoted to the scottish premier league next season , where they will again face celtic regularly . 
  however , you said you plan to visit coming summer ? 
  obviously , it 's off-season for most of the summer months . 
  if your visit is planned during the starting days of 2016-2017 spl , you might , if you 're lucky with the fixtures , be able to have an old firm experience . 
  i do n't know when exactly the next season of spl will start , but most likely definitely not until august . 
  if you do get lucky and there 's an old firm scheduled during your planned visit , you can probably contact the club directly and see what 's what . 
  many big clubs have ` tourist tickets ' , so to speak . 
  love the guy claiming the golden horde were turks now . 
  does n't get more typically nationalist-turk than that . 
  if you think the saudi royals are bad , wait till you learn about the hardliner islamists in saudi society ... makes the royals look like descartes ... 
  what in odin 's name is giving you that idea ? 
  i 've literally spoken of bad and worse numerous times , yet you think i 'm trying to * justify * any of it ? 
  preposterous . 
  of course they 're comparable , they 're both murder cases , that 's why we 're having this discussion . 
  is that all that matters ? 
  a guy who shoots his wife in a fit of rage is the same as the [ dnepropetrovsk maniacs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dnepropetrovsk_maniacs ) ? 
  no difference in ethical or moral judgement ? 
  any western court would agree it 's a massive difference . 
  you do n't ? 
  so we do come to you thinking that a murderer who shoots their victim and a murderer who slowly tortures their victim to death are equally bad ? 
  would n't you rather get shot than tortured to death ? 
  do you agree that method is a valid component of the ethical judgement or not ? 
  answer the question . 
  it does n't change anything ? 
  we 're having a discussion about bad and worse within an ethical context and the methods do n't change anything ? 
  a murderer who shoots their victim and a murderer who slowly tortures their victim to death are equally bad ? 
  not bad and worse ? 
  i wrote , * literally * , the following :  `` when is the last time the government of saudi arabia burned somebody alive , or crushed them under a tank ? '', 
  i did not ask when was the last time the ksa executed someone . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i 'm not denying they execute people . 
  so does the usa . 
  is the usa as bad as isis now ? 
  or do reasons and methods matter ? 
  well ofc , the ksa 's foreign policy is heavily slanted towards a pro-sunni proxy war with iran and their pro-shia factions . 
  however , isis itself hates the saudis . 
  and the saudis have experienced the backlash of their wahhabism-export decades ago already . 
  the real ruling saudis know they fucked up with that . 
  so now they 're trying to balance their support of sunni factions with fighting the super-extremists . 
  and they 're trying to balance * that * and their own tenuous grasp on power against the incredibly influential religious zealots in saudi society . 
  those are the guys who love isis , and support them financially , as they have done so with al qaeda and the whole gamut . 
  but the ruling saudis generally are n't madhatter extremists . 
  they have to pander to the madhatters , that 's why it 's such a vile theocracy . 
  and that 's what makes the ruling saudis so different , and more or less unique , in the world of deplorable regimes and their leaders . 
  most if not all oppress their populations purely for their own gain or ideology . 
  the saudis oppress their population because that 's what a lot of them * want * . 
  and the ruling saudis simply want to stay in power , so that 's what happens . 
  saudi-arabia is awkward and complicated like that .
