   was it a random stop or were they looking for the bike and recognised the one you were riding ? 
  lol , i do n't think you realize how many bikes there are here . 
  a random copper is not going to recognize an individual bike , no way jose, 
   police find it suspicious that a person of color drives such an expensive car . 
  police find it suspicious that a person of color * and young age * drives such an expensive car . 
  why are you deliberately leaving that important part out ? 
  are you seriously asking for evidence to the formation and existence of the american-italian mafia ? 
  are you fucking dense ? 
  i mean , what the hell ? 
   that just makes it worse . 
  not only are they going after people of a certain ethnicity , they also go after people of a certain age . 
  it 's almost as if they 're going after people that exhibit a combination of factors . 
  crazy , i tell you , crazy !, 
  my point is that skin colour/race/ethnicity is one factor in profiling , not * the * factor as it is often presented . 
  that would be stooping to erdogollum 's level . 
  do n't do that . 
  they also mentioned age , though . 
  typhoon is 31 and he [ looks younger than he is ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=typhoon+rapper&amp;rlz=1c1msim_ennl671nl671&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=979&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiv86c4v6pnahxlksakhfwvdbiq_auibigb ) ( in my eyes at least ) . 
  if typhoon was a wrinkled 51 year old black dude , i highly doubt police would 've pulled him over . 
  when you do n't have your trolling hat on , you are surprisingly sane and likeable . 
  please be more like that . 
   it does matter , f16s are 40 year old planes which means the original design is like 60 years old the basic airframe design is about 45 years old . 
  you did n't think there 's a 20 year gap between design and first flight , did you ? 
  the airframe of the f-16 is perfectly fine as the basis of a 4.5 / 4 + + generation fighter . 
  with modern engine and avionics the newer falcons are still up there with the best 4.5 s. 
  old design only really matters when pushing into 5th gen territory . 
  you need a completely new design for that , you ca n't upgrade a 4.5 to a 5 . 
  and not for lack of trying . 
  just to piggyback on this comment , combat formations are definitely quite different , but in threat environments it can also be beneficial to bunch up real tight in a trail ( column on land i suppose ) formation , this gives any enemy radar a difficult view of your group and you might be able to hide 4 planes in one radar signature like this . 
  this would only really apply to fighter aircraft in a specific context , though . 
  generally speaking , combat formations are significantly more staggered out , with more spacing between individual aircraft . 
  yeah the full cft monty looks pretty distinctive , hence i was so confused . 
  i thought the ridge was some kind of central cft = /, 
  ah , the dorsal fin threw me off . 
  nearest f16 running with a conformal fuel tank ? 
  the excessive labeling and preposterous hyperbole , not to mention heavy emphasis on the evil muslims , flies in the face of everything i would rate highly in a political cartoon . 
  a muslim threatning a swede off a plank into the political correctness shark a muslims drawing benefits diversity cannon shooting a hole in the ship merkel in the crow 's nest screaming about immigrants literal ` wave of immigration ' muslim on the bow assaulting the figurehead literally half this ` cartoon ' , by an american trump supporter no less , is about muslims . 
  i mean , ffs . 
  is ... is that court beneath sea level ? 
  \\* dutchness intensifies *, 
  heard a lot of burner today but i did n't know one of them crashed . 
   mate , i 'm being downvoted into the double digits because people disagree with me and you are coming up with these stupid accusations because you got one downvote ? 
  oh please . 
  i do n't care about the -1 , i care about your reaction . 
   and yes , i do totally believe in proportionality . 
  hence why i oppose taking away someone 's citizenship . 
  do you have any arguments to support your position ?? 
  i 'm eager to hear them , i think i made that pretty clear by now . 
  12 hrs later : \\* crickets *, 
  i 'm sure it was a complete circumstance that someone ventured this far down the chain and downvoted my post within 15 minutes of creation and that the downvote disappeared 8 minutes after i complained to you about it . 
  funny how the universe works . 
  let 's just say you did n't answer the question to my satisfaction . 
  you do n't think there 's a certain proportionality to things ? 
  a man espousing the ideology of al qaeda and similar organizations has absolutely nothing in common with the ideology of the modern denmark state and its people . 
  if such a person 's danish citizenship is not from birth and he holds citizenship in another country , why should the danish government be criticized for revoking their earlier extended courtesy to a person who has now demonstrated that not only does he not espouse any modern `` danish '' values , but in propagating extremist material , takes an active part in orchestrating ( or at least attempting to affect ) the downfall of said society ? 
  you completely circumvented the question and all you did was downvote my post . 
  for real though , because i noticed you did n't respond , are you just trying to stir the hornet 's nest , playing devil 's advocate , being very contrarian on purpose , or do you genuinely not see the difference between the generally accepted idea of a ` thoughtcrime ' and purposefully publishing and aiding in distributing violent extremist material that incites violent and hatred ( i 'm using big words and some assumptions here , but what could one reasonably expect from al qaeda'esque material ) ? 
  i know from the past that you 're not particularly sympathetic to our national blonde canary troll geert wilders being indicted for his `` less , less , less moroccans ! '', 
  thing , which is a reasonable position to take , regardless of whether one agrees or not , the position has merit . 
  yet you seem ready to wave away a man who , again with the big words , i ` ma just copy-paste this shit : purposefully publishing and aiding in distributing violent extremist material that incites violent and hatred . 
  that seems ... just a tad hypocritical to me . 
  hence the initial question : are you just playing devil 's advocate or do you genuinely apply these differing standards ? 
  do n't worry , this is worse than freedom fries . 
  freedom fries was a petty jab , this shit has transcended way beyond into the realm of ludicrous by now . 
  hue hue !, 
  and people say jerries have no humour !, 
  `` identified only as josef r. , the detective began his inquiries two months after the disaster , having been initially promised a fee of some 30 million euros . '', 
  one man was promised 30 * million * euro for his sleuthing ? 
  that 's one some jason bourne level shit . 
  it 's harsh yeah , but i can see it being warranted in situations . 
  end of the day we do n't really exactly know how deep into the rabbit hole mr mansour is . 
  i think danish intelligence should , by now , have a clearer picture of how radicalised he really is . 
  if he 's just an entry-level dupe then stripping him of citizenship might be harsh , if he 's a bigger player with more fervour , i can equally understand the danes wanting nothing to do with the twat . 
  70 % of the ones who voted , but do we know how many abstained ? 
  it kind of is , is n't it ? 
  with the shocking part , to me , being that apparently no one in the top of turkish government has either the courage or the influence to tap the rest on the shoulder and go : `` arkadasim , is this really how we should be handling this ? 
  i mean , we kind of look like idiots here , guys . '', 
  the utter lack of self-reflection when most of the globe is just looking at turkey , mouth half-agape going `` jesus , what 's wrong with him ? '', 
  is just ... unsettling . 
  the art critique one at the end broke me :d, 
  disseminating extremist material praising and encouraging terrorism is a * thoughtcrime * to you ? 
  in which universe do you live ? 
  sometimes i wonder if terrorists and their sympathizers realize that the countries they want to hurt are equally important in keeping these individuals out of the hands of regimes who would straight up torture and/or kill them . 
  depends on what the published stuff actually was , would n't you agree ? 
  if , for example , he 's publishing and disseminating extremist material that calls for acts of violence , it 's not ` freedom of speech ' anymore . 
  it 's encouraging people to hurt others . 
  brits won battle of britain fair and square and german invasion of the british isles was naught but fantasy , really . 
  should 've said `` ave you over fer tea '' and shattered his stereotype . 
  oh jack , draw me like one of your british drunks !, 
  skyzo76 for global dictator !, 
  the few dutch turks that i know or have known are n't exactly erdogan fans and that 's expressing myself mildly . 
  i 'd wager that ex-pat or 2nd/3rd generation euro-turks ( born in nethies , germany , etc ) are just as divided on erdogan/akp as the turk-turks . 
   now that denmark is feeling the heat , this ` citizen ' is no longer welcome . 
  why should denmark feel obliged to keep this man as a dane ? 
  he has dual citizenship , was not born in denmark and apparently hates denmark ( that kind of goes with the territory of being a extremist sympathizer/enabler ) . 
   perhaps a state should not hand out citizenships to individuals that the state is not willing to accept no fucking shit , sherlock . 
  but i doubt mr. mansour wore his extremist sympathies on his sleeve when he went for the interview . 
  if he had , i 'm sure the danes would 've told him to fuck off . 
  '' `` he ( mansour ) has a big connection to denmark due to his long residence in the country , and his children and grandchildren are in the country . 
  and finally , he has been punished for mere statements , not actions , '' the lawyer said . '',
