  i like forests , shame we do n't have any of them here ( anymore ) . 
  everyone could do with some unpoliticized history , russia not in the least . 
  what an amazing and original joke . 
  never heard it before . 
  fair point , the seniors will bump it up . 
  let me guess , deleted comment brought up oktoberfest or some similar flawed analogy ? 
  55 out of 58 were not * refugees * within the context of the current crisis . 
  that does n't mean they were n't ( illegal ) migrants . 
  is there a city or town in the valley that lights up the cloud deck from below ? 
  pretty picture . 
  i believe this one was from a few years ago . 
  they switch the liveries up every once in a while . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqwyfarejxo older vid from an earlier plane/livery/pilot demo . 
  no annoying music , though !, 
  pure jet and wind noise . 
  as it should be . 
   ~ 15 % ca n't read and ~ 20 % ca n't write german . 
  so at least 15 % illiteracy . 
  that 's still huge . 
  i 'm blaming them all . 
  the spanish , the dutch , the brits . 
  this type of piss poor international cooperation is exactly what the eu should aim to avoid . 
  * especially * when it 's about innocent people spending potentially years in prison . 
  my comment was n't meant as eu bashing at all ; odd how people are taking it like that . 
  the article literally states : `` despite the new findings , van der dussen spent nine more years in jail because of the snail-paced spanish justice system and the bureaucracy involved in the cooperation between spain and britain in the case . '', 
  notice the last part of that sentence ? 
  imho , that is an unacceptable standard of communication in a case where a potentially innocent man sits in jail for years . 
  and when it comes to improving international bureacracy regarding these things , call me crazy , but it was my thinking that the eu , a more unified and structured europe , could , * should * , be instrumental in achieving that . 
  i mentioned this in a similar thread about it in the dutch sub : imho this is an example of how the eu failed to live up to its promises . 
  this man spent 6.5 years in prison for a crime that by then was 99.9999 % clear he did not commit . 
  there should have been much better intra-european communication regarding this and in the case of a failing and lax spanish justice department , ** serious european pressure ** to get the paella boys to * do their fucking job * . 
  edit : this is n't some baseless stab from a eu cynic . 
  the article says : `` despite the new findings , van der dussen spent nine more years in jail because of the snail-paced spanish justice system and the bureaucracy involved in the cooperation between spain and britain in the case . '', 
  considering the core ideas and principles of the eu , how is it not appropriate to conclude that 2 ( 3 ) eu members managed to fuck this all up so badly to the detriment of a man who had to spent years in his little crappy cell , when the whole purpose of the union is better cooperation ? 
  they sure as fuck did n't cooperate well on this one , did they ? 
  with the result that a eu citizen spent 9 very avoidable years in a prison . 
  from what i understand , the spanish court always assumed the three crimes were done by the same perpetrator ; now that it turns out ( or well , for 6.5 fkn years already ) that one of the crimes ( the worst too ) was committed by someone else , a known sex-offender and murderer , they have no choice but to straight up acquit v/d dussen for the rape , but they still have to look at the other two charges regarding a potential nullification of the verdict . 
  they simply have n't done that yet . 
  practically , it does n't matter because he had already served the necessary time for the robbery and the sexual assault , but obviously if i were him i 'd want my name cleared of those as well . 
  not to mention it might be important in his seeking of a compensation suit , to which he is well fkn entitled , i think we can all agree . 
  stomping an 81yr old man to death is definitely worth of a special mention in my book . 
  despicable . 
  those ` men ' should have the book thrown at them for straight up murder with aspects of hate crime . 
  i actually thought you were serious at first :p, 
  that grass looks spectacular . 
  bodies of water + drugs = dangerous . 
  it 's amazing . 
  we sort of ` lost ' our shrooms this way . 
  a dumbass french ( i think ) teenager had taken shrooms for the first time in amsterdam , on her own apparently , then thought it was a good idea to take a freaking city walk whilst tripping off her tits . 
  fell in the canal , drowned , and the moralistic voices went `` ehrmagerd , this is the final straw !, 
  dangerous !, 
  so now no more shrooms , because a few darwin candidates each year manage to break a couple of the dope commandments at the same time . 
  ah , that would make sense !, 
  in a competitive setting that tree would drive you crazy but a game for the lulz must be a proper laugh with that thing in the middle . 
  i thought it was a pick-up game but there 's linesmen , dug-outs , fkn sponsoring boards ... how the fuck does that all work ?!, 
  with the oak . 
  islamophobia is a non-word . 
  i think the biggest risk is to lgbts , ` apostates ' , feminists and similar groups * within * the muslim communities in our countries . 
  as , by now largely ` humanist ' societies , i feel we have an obligation towards those people as well , maybe even first and foremost . 
  checking that sub out now . 
  looks good . 
  strictly moderated ? 
  not too many shitheads ? 
  you have significant edited this post after i replied to it . 
  i no like . 
  edit : because it makes me look like a git by appearing to deliberately gloss over a substantial part of your post in my response :p, 
  i 'm going to stop because all people are doing is downvoting me no matter how accurately i try to convey my position without offending anyone . 
  i enjoyed the conversation , though . 
  maybe we can finish it one day . 
  what would be the difference between homosexual and queer ? 
  = / is n't that the same thing ? 
  from the very , very little that i know of this is that `` cultural marxist '' was a legitimate academic term at some point to describe a schism within marxism itself . 
  after that , right-wingers in the usa attached their own meaning to it and recently it has seen a resurgence in popularity because fucknut breivik used the phrase extensively in his manifesto of jibberjabber . 
  as a principled middle finger to government , to some extent an intrinsical part of american society , i am all for the 2nd amendment as well . 
  it 's when people are trying to portray it as an absolute * practical * ( not principle or hypothetical ) necessity for the functioning of society that my eyebrows start to raise . 
  and when people start claiming that an armed populace would be a deterrent to an enemy that , by this point , managed to overcome the entire us military apparatus , that 's when my belly starts rumbling with laughter . 
  i 'm all for the 2nd amendment as a principle , as an idea , as a piece of history , as a reminder of where freedom can come from and how it can be taken away , even if it 's only a reminder to everyone that the people ( shoudl ) hold the power and that government is beholden to the people . 
  yes , sir . 
  one hundred percent . 
  but to pretend it still holds the same amount of * practical * necessity and viability today as it did in the late 18th century , i do n't think i will ever be able to accept that notion . 
  i wonder how long we can keep this up before the mods tell us to fuck off xd, 
  interestingly enough , i read a study a while ago that showed that registration actually had quite little impact on the whole thing . 
  you 'd think it would , since it seems fairly straightforward , but the folks that crunched the numbers concluded the registration part of it was more or less irrelevant . 
  i 'll see if i can find it . 
  johannes brahms is missing from that list , kumpel !, 
  3rd symphony , 3rd movement https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uh324lgbxai, 
   faz\u0131l say : black earth ( composed by himself ) this . 
  i like this !, 
  congratulations , now you have to lose every argument :p, 
  considering this thread is filled with enthusiasts of classical music , i ca n't not post this delightful piece of related musical comedy that never fails to make me laugh !, 
  that 's my favorite part of the new world symphony as well !, 
  so much power !, 
  well , vivaldi was a violin virtuoso in his own right after all , 
  surely vivaldi deserves a mention ? 
  admittedly , i read your comment before i listened to the piece , but it definitely has that vibe and pace . 
  not to mention there were collaborators in literally every country the germans occupied , so i 'm not sure what axe he has to grind . 
  he read a wiki link , though ... so i 'm sure he 's a real fucking scholar on this ... 
  you have managed to condense an * incredibly * complicated issue into `` the dutch are pussies , they were complacent in enabling the holocaust '' and to back it up you bring a fucking wiki link . 
  i 'm willing to bet my left testicle i 've done a fuckton more reading on this than you ever will , boyo . 
  now get out of my sight .
