  dunno if that 's the greatest . 
  those animals !, 
   trouble makers , in case you could n't remember it in english . 
  is it the same as in german ? 
  i just like the word , that 's why i used it . 
   the thing is though , that even if 1 % of muslims that live in europe have radical ideas , and support from overseas , it 's a problem . 
  and this problem is getting bigger if you add the sharia-law-wanting muslims who think that attacks by jihadists are justified . 
  i think these muslims deserve a gtfo . 
  it most certainly is . 
  that 's why i think , on the short term , potential immigrants should be ` vetted ' in some way or another regarding their ` moral compatibility ' with western society . 
  intolerant hate preachers from countries such as pakistan and saudi arabia should be denied entry . 
  more transparancy regarding religious funding and influence from such countries . 
  for the domestic radicalization program , i do n't think there are any short term solutions . 
  it 's going to be complicated and a lot of it will depend on the sane and liberal muslims . 
   and the one of the first things he said was the the transport for london has `` too many white men '' and another was a pledge to ban `` body shaming '' ads . 
  so he 's hardly a liberal muslim on my book . 
  the too many white men was a poor choice of words certainly , but the body shaming thing seemed mostly a standard pandering to his electorate . 
  he also voted for gay marriage in the uk , so he 's a far cry from a fundamentalist . 
  a typical leftie with salon-socialist tendencies , sure , but no al ghazali . 
  do you want to talk about that statement in the context of 2nd amendment rights ? 
  because the victim needs to press charges for that on a personal title , same with threatening , and that 's something that he does n't do . 
  that 's part of the reason why we still have this law in its current form . 
  though not for long , it 's on its way out . 
  i think they went for the l\u00e8se majest\u00e9 law because that way the monarchy itself did n't have to get directly involved whilst still allowing the prosecution to throw the book at this legitimate scary whackjob . 
   the motivation is faith - a belief that the perpetrators will enter paradise for committing these acts , and that the organizers will enter paradise ( when they die later on ) for facilitating holy war on earth . 
  this probably plays a role in the barbarity of the attacks as well . 
  why give a shit about shooting a pregnant woman or blowing up a toddler when , should god find them innocent , they go paradise anyway ? 
  going to paradise is great . 
  you 're almost doing them a favour . 
  with such a mentality , the value of life in their eyes is jack shit and wanton killing raises no moral objections , as it did often enough did for more politically motivated groups . 
  even vintage al qaeda was much more politically orientated . 
  attacking the us embassies , uss cole in aden ( i think ) , even on 9/11 , it 's hard to argue with the validity of the pentagon and white house as ( symbolic ) military and political targets . 
  that 's not to say vintage aq were worried about civilian casualties , they most likely were not , but max civilian carnage was not necessarily their aim in those days . 
  that seemed to change after 9/11 and the afghanistan and iraq wars . 
  london bombings , madrid bombings . 
  hmm , maybe join new japan as a client state ? 
  your language is weird enough for it !, 
   plus , think of that sweet , sweet hentai market you suddenly have access to . 
  pft , inferior jap pig steel can not stand up to teutonic manly metalcraft !, 
  is for the sake of the joke . 
  i 'd still rather not be a 1400s peasant though , thank you very much . 
  at least people like aboutaleb and khan show that a european muslim can be influential and successful without having to ` whitewash ' themselves . 
  an all-muslim party would quickly become a one-issue party i fear , with everything seen and done through the lense of islam . 
  i fear that might actually be antithetical to what we want . 
  not to mention that many establishment parties would be very wary of an `` islam party '' . 
  which would be an excuse for the aufhetzers to go `` see , they do n't want us !, 
   having a political party that represents them will give them a voice to be heard and will help to avoid extremes . 
  i would much rather prefer muslims coming to prominence within already existing political parties . 
  that would be the perfect integration imo . 
  like [ this ] ( http://citiscope.org/story/2015/city-immigrants-rotterdams-muslim-mayor-leads-example ) . 
  or like the english muslim who won the london mayoral elections a while back ( sadiq khan ? ) . 
  modern , liberal muslims who share virtually every european value , even the relatively modern ones such as lgbt rights , as prominent members of establishment parties and mayor of large cities . 
  a world city even , in khan 's case . 
  because the victim needs to press charges personally for that to happen . 
  your suggestions are a lot more non-sensical than what that guy wrote , though . 
  even then , i 'll concede that the absence of supporting rationale and details does raise some objections for a libel case , but still . 
   freedom of religion worked when the main religions had all largely bent the knee to the state , and when the majority of the population considered religion to be an important personal choice but one that came second to being a citizen . 
  it does not work in a situation when a religion is seen as above everything else , and with a religion where there is little flexibility for adherents . 
  well yeah , of course the agreement to ` have ' freedom of/from religion has to come from both sides . 
  it 's difficult if a group does n't like the idea . 
  still , outright banning the entire religion in question feels like treachery to our own oft-praised morals and values . 
  the answer to tackling this problem is incredibly complicated and i do n't think anyone can really say they have it . 
  in contrast , ` outlaw islam ' is an easy , soundbite-like , catchphrase that probably seems like an attractive solution to some people because of its simplicity . 
  `` ban it , problem solved '' . 
   it will be interesting to see how this develops in a century or 2 , i could see european islam developing into a separate branch of islam that works along the same lines as european christianity ( a very flexible religion ) . 
  that would be nice . 
  rather sooner than later . 
  the parallel society problem is absolutely a massive issue . 
  and personally i have big moral qualms about people immigrating into europe whilst disapproving of most or many morals and virtues that make ` us ' modern europeans . 
  anyone coming into europe from abroad better be on board with how this society works or go back to where you came from . 
  for people who were born here and disapprove ( heavily ) of modern european values , it 's a much bigger problem . 
  we ca n't ` send them ' anywhere . 
  maybe we can help the honest ones to move ; if they want sharia law , i 'm 99.99 % positive that many europeans would happily crowdfund the plane tickets and moving costs to saudi arabia or a similar country . 
  making sure that intolerant foreign clergy ( looking at you , pakistan and saudi arabia ) do n't get to spout their bullshit here is another thing that can practically be done . 
  eliminating purely religious schools is something that personally i would like to see as well . 
  if a dutch kid with islamic ( moroccan usually ) roots spends the first 11 years of his life on an islamic school , at a ` moroccan ' football club , only hanging out with ` moroccan ' friends , that kid is essentially growing up in a small bubble . 
  [ pillarisation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pillarisation ) v2 .0 making sure that * liberal * muslims get front and center on the stage is important as well . 
  no more cuddling the ` moderate ' ( whatever the fuck that may be these days ) muslims ; it 's easy to denounce isis , any halfwit can , and does , denounce isis . 
  isis is the ultimate extreme and thinking they 're assholes hardly shows you 're on board with modern western society . 
  it 's an empty statement . 
  let 's hear the vast majority of muslims strictly and categorically condemn violence against apostates and blasphemers , for example . 
  the position of women . 
  the treatment of lgbt people . 
  i hope that liberal muslims can help guide their communities in this way . 
  in the end , all we can do is goad them into the right direction . 
  their global , local and internal ` enlightenments ' need to come from themselves , from their own corner . 
  us effectively outlawing islam will not help this situation . 
  and despite my distinct dislike of religion in general and pushy monotheistic ones in particular , i cant help but think that ` banning islam ' would be treachery to our own , supposedly very noble , morals and values . 
  i agree completely that modern freedom of religion also includes freedom * from * religion by definition . 
  but outright banning an entire religion , as dude above is calling for , is idiotic iimo . 
  the enlightenment thinkers would be spinning in their graves over such an idea . 
  stop twisting the principle of ` do n't be tolerant to intolerance ' into something that justifies the blanket ban on an entire religion and all of its incredibly varied practioners . 
  freedom of religion ? 
  that would make new japan the most densely populated proper country in europe right off the bat ( city states and malta do n't count !, 
  one helluva way to twist that statement into making it seem supportive of banning an entire religion . 
  there 's nothing ` against intolerance ' about banning an entire religion . 
  to be fair , if everyone who ever broke even the smallest religious requirement was no longer a ` true whatever ' , globally there 'd only be seven christians , four muslims , three sikhs , two buddhists and one lone jew peering through a diamond in antwerp . 
   invade saudi arabia - run it as a joint western administrated territory . 
  mecca and the hajj should be run by the un authorities and mecca a un city under international control . 
  that 's a start .
