  it 's easy to fetishize a leader who you have no real dealings with . 
  i think europe often represents the best and worst of humans as a whole , and often in a very short timespan . 
  the atlantic slave trade was brutal but it did n't last * that * long from a relative perspective , and it was abolished because `` suddenly '' ( not really from one day to the next ofc but you get the point ) it was highly immoral to do this slaving business . 
  from one extreme to the next within a historical blink of an eye . 
  highs and lows in rapid succession . 
  and it 's still going . 
  look at the position of women in many , if not all , european countries 60 years ago and now . 
  a massive change within just a few generations . 
  compared to other parts of the world where things stay the same for centuries ; millennia even, 
  you seem to have already made up your mind that western slave trade was somehow less worse than other slave trade , which i personally find hilarious , because a group of 50 academics could debate such a question for 50 years and still be left wanting for an answer . 
  but you , you have all the answers , do n't you ? 
  this special snowflake would rather shoot himself in the dick than to engage you in any further conversation . 
  hey , i 'm not arguing anything specific here , just that dude 's earlier claim that we should praise christianity for ending slavery seems utterly ridiculous . 
   there have been active efforts by monks and priests to acknowledge natives of america as children of god that lack his light and should n't be treated harshly in otherwise very staunch christian spain for example . 
  by * individuals * , who may have very well been good people regardless of their spiritual beliefs . 
  i think that 's quite a different thing than the overarching influence of christian authority as a whole back then . 
  is that style of house in the first picture particular to finland ? 
   arab/african slavery trade was far more cruel than european slave trade in any point in history , whether it 's about quantity or treatment . 
  * citation needed *, 
  ending slavery after explicitly condoning and encouraging it for centuries ... most of the things you mentioned came about * despite * the church , not because of it . 
  just because jp ii in the late 80s or early 90s pretty much acknowledged evolution as true does n't mean christianity is retroactively a pioneering influence in establishing evolutionary science . 
  oh ffs , i made one off-the-cuff remark in this thread and you 've gone full witchhunt . 
  go bother your family with this shit . 
  of course many of the me conflicts are heinously complicated . 
  some have little do with religion , some have a lot to do with religion . 
  but in northern ireland side a did n't execute civilians on side b just for being ` heretics ' , as happens in some conflicts in the middle east . 
  pretty basic stuff . 
  now go on , take your bait , your tackle and your strawmen friends and head outside . 
  the weather is lovely . 
  go fish somewhere else . 
  i did n't claim it was , theo . 
  why do n't you take your strawman and go play outside , lad ? 
  ni is fucking complicated and is much more than just religion . 
  sort of . 
  if a lot of people had n't pressed charges i doubt the da ( well , our equivalent ) would 've done anything . 
  it 's criminal court ( not civil ) , but there was a campaign for a mass ` press charges ' which a thousand or so people gave call to . 
  it 's not like the prosecution decided to go for him based on their own decision . 
   by all parameters they are . 
  lmao . 
  good luck with your home made definitions in the real world , lad . 
  i do n't need to stick my dick in a meat grinder to know it 's a bad idea , mate . 
  no , he was n't . 
  irrelevant . 
  racism/xenophobia/ethnic aggression have always been part of the human condition , unfortunately . 
  that does n't make all of it nazism . 
  saudi arabia has free healthcare , that does n't make it a communist country . 
  the hutu slaughtered the tutsi in droves , are the hutu nazis now ? 
  are the balkan peoples all nazis because of their civil war atrocities ? 
  are 18th century slave traders nazis ? 
  just because nazism has a trait that is also exhibited in other things does n't mean all those other things are nazism . 
  these ' x is always y but is y always x ? ', 
  questions we got in elementary school ... why do i need to explain this ? 
  incredible . 
  and that first thing is pretty much exactly what his trial is going to be about ... and it 's exceptionally unlikely that he will be going to jail or prison in case of a guilty verdict . 
  so anyone who considers a certain ethnic of racial group as inferior is a nazi ? 
  [ never been more appropriate ] ( https://imgflip.com/readimage?iid=9310200 ), 
  it 's confusing because in dutch we use the same word for prosecute and persecute . 
  oh spare me , wilders is n't * persecuted * . 
  loudmouths of the same feather flock together . 
  this is n't a particularly surprising alliance . 
  both are great at pointing out problems , but offer literally nothing in the way of realistic solutions . 
  uuuh , no ? 
  what is this drivel ? 
  prosecuted , not persecuted . 
  anti sexual objectification of octopi club ? 
  we should stop seeing erdogan as a dickhead authoritarian and more as a great comedian . 
  your nickname even looks like `` rainshit '' , homie ... 
  and their chanting probably stems from the frustration of being powerless against * the * global superpower that has been fucking with them for decades . 
  they have n't forgotten the regime of the shah just yet . 
  this shit comes from both sides . 
   looks like i 've been doing ~ ~ some ~ ~ shit wrong in my life . 
   but never ever in the united states of america have people chanted death to iran and it has happened for decades in iran . 
  eeeeeehhhh ... i 'd say it 's not on the same level , but ` never ever ' ? 
  eeeeeehhhh ... 
  eh , your administrations have been calling them ` axis of evil ' for years , so ... `` great satan '' , `` axis of evil '' ... swings and roundabouts , mate . 
  why is a russian mc in prague ? 
  are you talking about the '83 beirut barracks bombing ? 
  that was more than 30 years ago , man ... 
  sadiq khan is their anakin and our darth vader . 
  my original comment was meant as a joke , the concept of taqqiya is more related to intra-islamic ( sunni/shia ) issues than to muslims/unbelievers anyway . 
  i was making light of the people who claim `` taqqiya '' whenever it suits them , but i guess that went way over your head in your eagerness to defend whatever it is you 're trying to defend . 
  like the muslim version of ricky . 
  it 's too late now , sadiq has seen everything !, 
  you okay ? 
  need a bucket ? 
  you 're making weird noises . 
  i think clockwork orange for us refers to our nt , not the book or movie . 
  it 's a common nickname for us in south-america . 
  at first i thought `` why the fuck would you do this ?! '', 
  when i read that all those statues and monuments are literally only a few years old , i thought `` why the fuck would you do * that * ?! '', 
  so incredibly kitsch . 
  paint away , maccers . 
   why to tories pretend to know football when it 's so clear they have no clue ? 
  my favorite team is weston villarton !, 
   he also voted for gay marriage and supports diversity and liberty for everyone . 
  sounds like the type of man we can use to spearhead the charge against islamic extremism . 
  taqqiya'ing your way to voting * for * gay marriage is probably a bridge too far for even the most sneaky islamist :p, 
  oddly enough , if you 'd have asked a european intellectual around the turn of the 20th century about which european country would be most likely to murder millions of jews in a few decades , germany would n't be topping those lists . 
  there are definitely many reasons that nazism flourished in germany , but a disproportionate , compared to neighbouring european countries , amount of anti-semitism is n't really one of them . 
  i do n't know about enslaved ... that 's a pretty loaded term .
