  like , yes , there is * undoubtedly * funding for islamist extremists and sunni factions coming from the ksa . 
  but exactly who funds and supports exactly what is an entirely new swamp of crazy to explore . 
  i 'd say those are related but separate , though not necessarily morally equal , things . 
  a state can implement a death penalty for various many ( deplorable ) reasons . 
  but you ca n't be serious when you say the method is irrelevant , or can not add to the depravity of the situation . 
  if you were sentenced to death , would n't you prefer to be shot versus tortured to death or burned alive ? 
  i mean ... 
  i guess it depends on where in europe you are , but bernie is pretty middle-of-the-road left for many western euro countries . 
  you honestly do n't see the fucking difference in executing someone with an actually sharp sword versus making someone hop around with tied feet for a bit until you literally run the person over with a tank ? 
  there 's no difference between , say , execution by firing squad and literally torturing someone to death cartel style ? 
  really ? 
  your words are full of nuance and context , but tonight r/europe does n't seem to want to hear it . 
  thinking is hard , after all . 
  complexity sucks . 
  i just want to know who to hate !, 
  this is the exact form of cartoonesk oversimplication that i 'm trying to argue against . 
  the differences are legio , but people just do n't want to think about it too much . 
  yeah , because they were . 
  no , that ship has sailed . 
  still different . 
  if the ksa gets a solid 8 on the deplorable scale , isis went full spinal tap years ago and has their shit set to 11 . 
  there 's a lot of princes , though . 
  and a lot of people fail to differentiate between saudi citizens and the saudi government/real leaders . 
  no one sane is denying that the ksa is heavily involved in the situation , but to state that ` they ' are funding isis is ridiculously oversimplified . 
  i am not going to waste time and effort on someone who consistently simplifies situations that can not be simplified , or draws conclusions from premises that are incomplete . 
  trying to explain the intricate nuances of the situation , or whatever i know of it anyway , in such an atmosphere , to such a person , would only be frustrating and a waste of my time . 
   us and sa wanting to destroy assad not real real  us and sa arming isis not real * sigh * fuck it . 
  not gon na continue this . 
  you want to be pigheaded and simplify the situation constantly ? 
  fine . 
  have at it . 
  enjoy your one-dimensional outlook . 
  i 'm not gon na waste time on you . 
  - collapse of iraqi army do n't real - large parts of isis being former iraqi administration do n't real - reality do n't real do you get your shit from infowars or something ? 
  all you do is say `` the ksa funds rebel groups in syria . 
  conclusion : the saudi government supports isis '' this reasoning is wrong . 
  you 're wrong . 
  i 've tried to explain why you 're wrong . 
  you do n't want to listen . 
  fine . 
  do n't . 
  keep thinking simplistically then . 
   how did isis get a steady and plentyful supply of modern weaponry that has allowed what were mostly farmers to fight against modern armies backed by russia ? '' . 
  this question was answered years ago but it does n't surprise me that you do n't know . 
  quite typical that you bring it up even . 
  `` funds and arms the rebels '' `` the rebels '' ???? 
  isis !!!, 
  it 's not that simple , but you do n't give a fuck about complexity , you just want easily demarcated groups so you can easily make sense of it all , despite the reality being complex . 
  think a little , for fuck 's sake . 
  have you already forgotten how fractured the anti-assad rebel groups are ? 
  `` the rebels '' do n't exist as a unifying block . 
  it can mean isis , it can mean ypg , or anything in between . 
  are isis and ypg the same now all of a sudden ? 
  because there 's only one type of rebel , right ? 
  this is the same shite as saying `` the us supports isis '' . 
  it is not that simple, 
  `` the royal family '' you do realize the saudi royal family is like a huge clan that comprises hundreds of people ? 
  they 're not some monolithic block , and especially the people at the top are mostly interested in keeping in power , not about spreading wahhabism . 
  especially since they themselves are threatened by it . 
  this is exactly what i mean when i say `` it 's not that simple '' . 
  you do know that saudi arabia has already been bitten in their ass by their terrorist funding since like ... the 90s ? 
  isis * hates * the current saudi leadership . 
  saudi arabia itself is under terrorist attack with some regularity . 
  it 's not as simple as `` the saudis fund isis '' . 
  it 's all much , much more complicated than that . 
  but people seem to not want to learn about it . 
  that would be an excellent law i think . 
  if you want to proudly announce nonsense , then you must announce your rectification with the same pomp . 
  yeah , they 're fucked up , but not on the isis level . 
  isis just kills people willy-nilly , they do n't even hold trials , and with as grotesquely gruesome methods as possible . 
  ksa = bad . 
  isis = worse . 
  good fucking news . 
  fuck the fact-free outrage media worldwide . 
  lol , are you being serious right now ? 
  when is the last time the government of saudi arabia burned somebody alive , or crushed them under a tank ? 
  there 's many things wrong with the ksa , but if you think they are on isis ' level , then you do n't know much about isis . 
  - come to germany - try to be funny - succeed seriously , this failure to integrate properly is getting out of hand, 
  what ... ? 
  we 've always had high taxes and a relatively high cost of living here . 
  nl did n't go from small government to big government in the past 5 years or so . 
  what are you talking about ' * punishing * people * for no reason * ' ? 
  what a weird way to phrase things . 
  you think our government is just fucking people in the ass for the lulz ? 
  what ? 
   a government that keeps punishing people for no reason eh ? 
   daddy \\* cringing intensifies *, 
  yeah , i like the idea but it 's going to need a lot of checks to make sure the money does n't just pad the swiss bank accounts of every two-bit asshole dictator on the continent . 
  all i can say is that i disagree heavily on your views on clinton and how she 's been portrayed . 
  when you get into any of those positions you mentioned , there 's a wealth of context and nuance to be explored to gain a better understanding . 
  i 'm almost thinking she was too good of a politician for the us to accept ... 
  mind you , i 'm saying this as a left leaning europoor social-democrat . 
  defending hillary fucking clinton generally speaking is n't my ideological bread and butter , but i found myself doing it a lot this election cycle , just because of my aversion to conspiracy theories and love for context . 
  if one combines the worst of american politics , a variant of fascism that we can call `` american fascism '' honestly does n't seem that far off . 
  not saying it 's realistic . 
  but definitely not unimaginable . 
  if i may be dystopian for a moment , what if fact-free politics get cranked up to 11 and a majority of the population and government forces are made to believe any future democratic opponent wants to destroy america ? 
  we know the military and law enforcement leans hard right . 
  what if one side gets them on board really hard against a demonized internal ` enemy ' ? 
  what about who is going to run against trump in 2020 ?
