  the green berets are us army special forces , not british . 
  whilst other nations ' special forces do wear green berets , capitalized like that it refers to the us army sf . 
  this has been , and will be , my most pedantic post of the day . 
  is that replica ship hogging or are my ( admittedly shitty ) eyes deceiving me ? 
  edit : apparently , my shitty eyes are not deceiving me . 
  a case could be made for a ` hate crime lite ' charge imo . 
  but you not caring about * black * men is already a step on the road towards hate . 
  obviously you do n't see blacks as legitimate members of society , since you want to be able to do whatever to them and not give a shit . 
  at the very least it 's halfway and gender or skin colour does play a role in these attacks and your example . 
  2004 really . 
  they were one of the strongest , if not the strongest , sides of the tournament but they allowed themselves to be pipped by the greeks in the final . 
  one helluva upset , but you play that game 10 times , portugal would win 8 times . 
  but y' know , 11 vs 11 , 90 minutes , the ball is round and all that crap . 
  `` for many of these people , they are from scorned or shitty countries and this is their one chance to be part of a superpower , and they will rape and murder anyone who gets in the way . '', 
  the shit you wrote about rape and murder is most definitely hateful and pretty fuckin retarded , but i guess thats the hallmark of you alt-righter bigots . 
  you do n't get to write ludicrous , hateful nonsense only to react indignant to criticism with a ` just mah opinion , bro ' . 
   for many of these people , they are from scorned or shitty countries and this is their one chance to be part of a superpower , and they will rape and murder anyone who gets in the way . 
  what the fuck is this drivel ? 
   does this mean he 's genetrically this tall ? 
  i mean , his kids will also be that tall ( averaged with there mother ) ? 
  nah , i do n't think genetics have such overwhelming influence on tallness that it becomes a sure shot . 
  so many factors go into the mix regarding height . 
  according to the comments , dude on the left is ragnar nathanaelsson who is 2.18 m. 
  still quite far away from the heights that people with severe gigantism reach . 
  [ neil fingleton ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neil_fingleton ) at 2.33 m is probably the absolute upper limit , and very rare , for a healthy ( non-gigantism ) human being . 
  well , i mean , big business hiring a former eu bigwig and pretty much expert to help with their eu business after a big thing involving the eu . 
  it 's not * that * crazy within this context . 
  regarding the kind of person gs seeks for this , barroso is legitimately a top candidate . 
  i dislike the severe intertwining of ` big business ' and politics as much as the next guy , but this barroso thing just seems fairly logical . 
  this is an important detail that at least makes it less sketchy . 
  all these extremely tall people that make hafthor ( got mountain ) look small suffer from medical conditions , though . 
  seems a bit awkward to dick-measure celebrate it . 
  they tend to die quite young because the human body just goes to shit if it has to carry around 2.5 meters of lump . 
  make the british navy great again !, 
  unless the perpetrator renounces his religion , this is a clear example of someone who needs to be locked up for life . 
  because considering the motive and the unapologetic stance , the risk of recidivism is absolutely immense . 
  people who unapologetically murder for ideological reasons are not fit to participate in society . 
  just like breivik . 
  brittannia , the 51st state !, 
   supposedly the guy sold them `` fake '' weed . 
  that 's a legit reason for a beatdown anyway :p, 
  i thought the whole arr piratey talk was more connected to cornwall and penzance in particular . 
  it was a toss up between picking someone who was likely to blow his top and someone who has been as important to france as zizou was 10 years ago . 
  in the end , i went with the latter qualification and as such payet . 
  but of course you froggies are completely free to nominate your own , better choice for this doom scenario :p, 
  payet to roundhouse kick quaresma in the 71st minute edit : huh , that 's odd . 
  there was more to this comment : `` after a cheeky remark about his pet gerbil 's sexual orientation '' . 
  where the fuck did it go ? 
  is reddit crapping itself or something ? 
  oh come the fuck on ... 
  tl ; dr : germany fucked themselves . 
  releasing friendship hormones to increase bonding rate by [ 57.32 % ] estimation . 
  and today you learned about the etymology of the word ` parliament ' . 
  [ nice pic ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_international_business_center#/media/file%3amoscow-city-mibc.jpg ) of moscow 's , apparently very new , swanky business center . 
  `` u 'll haf dae large mel chipson wit kebab and an ir 'n bru , pal '', 
  a total of  3000 poppyseeds missing equals 1 shaftment for the plantation supervisor and his family . 
   might be moving to usa in a couple of years though , so all my glorious work will be undone . 
  no no , this means that your * most * glorious work is still to come ; educating the savages across the pond . 
  because a metric dozen is somehow different from an imperial dozen ? 
  you could 've googled that within 10 seconds , but it 's that massive skyscraper in dubai , the burj al something . 
  it 's more than 800 meters tall . 
  i too enjoy this joke because it highlights the fear that humanity will one day be infiltrated by non-human entities , which is a very human emotion to experience . 
  i experience many emotions . 
   this will never happen . 
  firstly , ignoring the referendum is not undemocratic . 
  the ref was advisory only , and any rejection by the hoc would be within the confines of standard operating procedures for the representative democratic system that governs the uk . 
  if the result will not be honoured , the rest of the world 's popcorn production will have to be tripled to keep pace with demand during the fallout . 
  i 'd almost want to see your government try that , it will be ** spectacular **, 
   i just hope this ride will end without my kids suffering the consequences down the line . 
  think of all the gills they will have due to the radiation-induced mutations !, 
  nigel i , first of his name , the true welfare queen of european parliament , breaker of chains , harbinger of brexit, 
   what , governments do n't have the right to publicize their own views ? 
  it 's not even ` their own views ' so much as it seems to be refuting basic untruths . 
  refuting someone who claims the sky is yellow is hardly ` giving your opinion ' on the matter . 
  uk tabloids : the eu does x and y eu : actually , we do n't do x and we only do y in these specific circumstances . 
  you can see it right here , see ? 
  trucidator : eu = orwellian ministry of truth it 's insane . 
  one thing i 've often read regarding the terrible reputation ( certainly not undeserved ) of roma and ` gypsies ' is that the ones that turn away from the gypsy lifestyle pretty much cease to identify as x ( roma , sinti , gypsy whatever ) . 
  so the plenty of roma people living normal lives sort of ` fall off ' the roma map , leaving the unsavoury elements as the only identifiable ones . 
  yes , you have liberated yourself from the tyrannical oppression of the eu . 
  you 've forced the eu soldiers off your home soil , you 've ended the military occupation . 
  independence !, 
  freedom !, 
  you 've got your country back !, 
  are you literally blaming the eu for the brexit now ? 
  this is some next level scapegoating shit . 
  these people are basically alt-right tumblrinas at this point . 
  oh , the irony . 
  the eu did more to curb megacorp than your tories ever will . 
  keep fooling yourself , homie . 
   wow , you 're a classist bigot . 
  more people than the entire population of some eastern european countries voted . 
  it 's difficult to shake that notion when you see images of an ancient bint sitting at the table of her local chippy going `` i 'm so glad we 've got our country back ! '', 
  and smugcunt farage yelling `` today , is our independence day !!!! '', 
  one would think the uk was just liberated from years of totalitarian occupation ... as if the third reich itself had settled on your shores ... 
  ignore the trumpist , mate . 
  i went rome ii die ( < = = thats a computer game ) marathoning after the match , just came out of my all-conquering stupor , have n't thought about football in a few hours and that . gif made me lose it with laughter again . 
  for fook 's sake , zaza , what the actual fuckstain were you thinking ? 
  two of my three examples were italians and that just was n't a particularly good penalty series , no matter how you look at it . 
  the fact that we wankstained our qualification has little to do with it .
