  that 's true , they also waged war for ` lebensraum ' and the plan to wipe out tens of millions and enslave the rest . 
  very well said . 
  i would characterize it as `` relentless '' . 
  if you were one of the undesirables , there was really nothing you could do to appease them . 
  you could n't switch religious affiliation , socio-economic ideology , nationality , whatever , to make the hardcore nazis not \u00fcber-hate you . 
  it was n't about possession , influence , power , ideology that was ` wrong ' with their victims , it was just * who they were * in nazi eyes . 
  yeah , i think wahhabism is the more appropriate culprit . 
  salafists are n't exactly beacons of tolerant thought , but they usually keep it to themselves . 
  wahhabists do n't . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  i get an allergic reaction to people who try to condense the horrifically difficult moral debate that one can have about this into a simple numbers game . 
  that 's not to say that raw numbers are n't an important metric to understand history ; i 've gotten into a little pickle about that further down the thread , but they 're only part of the story when we 're talking about straight up genocide . 
  it 's 2017 , mate . 
  see my other reply regarding this . 
  nice accusation right off the bat . 
  no , it 's just that when you tally up all the civilians murdered by the nazi and stalinist regimes , the nazis win . 
  those notions that stalin killed 20/30 ( i 've even heard 50 ! ), 
  million of his own people are high estimate relics from the cold war era . 
  when the ussr fell in the early nineties , the soviet archives opened up which greatly increased our understanding of what happened during the ussr years , in particular the stalinist era and ww2 . 
  but you do n't have to take my word for it . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2011/03/10/hitler-vs-stalin-who-killed-more/ ) is a short essay by timothy snyder on the subject . 
  note that snyder has put forward the notion that for quite a significant number of people who died in eastern europe in the late 30s and early 40s , usually solely thought of as victims of nazis and ww2 , the blame has to be shared by stalinist ussr as well . 
  he advocates that important notion in the short essay i linked . 
  so the man is far from some kind of stalin apologist . 
  now i 'll leave you to your reading and i 'll eagerly await your apology . 
  i also heartily recommend you pick up a copy of his book `` bloodlands '' btw . 
  you might learn something . 
  well , that 's a problem , is n't it ? 
  never understood why ` we ' have n't outright banned such virulent strains of islam yet . 
  i 'm not one of those people who think the entire religion is irredeemable , at the end of the day it 's a matter of interpretation after all . 
  but it 's undeniable that certain interpretations are so antithetical to what a relatively modern , open society is about that it almost leaves you no choice but to kick it out . 
  i do n't think `` islam '' as a whole religion is cancer , and i say that as a staunch atheist with zero love for religion , let alone islam , but some of the strains absolutely * are * cancer . 
  especially wahhabism . 
  wahhabism is an offshoot from salafism and from my limited understanding , salafism in a nail sense is often contained to a very personal level , individual asceticism and all that . 
  but wahhabism takes it to a much higher political and societal level . 
  utterly intolerant , backwards , and authoritarian . 
  it absolutely has no business being taught in the west , since it advocates destruction of practically * all * the morals and values we hold dear today . 
  that 's not true and we 've known this for 25 years by now . 
  well , hitler and his nazis unleashed a war that cost the lives of over 40 million people on the western front ( european theater , i mean ) , including the wholesale murder of ca . 
  11 million civilians by german hands because of ` racial purity ' reasons . 
  so ... no . 
  churchill is not * as evil as * hitler . 
  not by a long shot . 
  silverton upon creuse ? 
  you will always have gretzky, 
  i am outraged at this idea of spreading clean water . 
  that 's wet genocide . 
  what are you , some kind of h20-itler ? 
  more topographical curiosity than anything :p math gives me the heebie jeebies, 
  too far . 
  if you stand on the beach of kronborg castle and you shoot a straight line to the helsingborg docks , it 's still just under 4km . 
  that 's not realistically hittable . 
  https://www.google.nl/maps/@56.0431459,12.6704979,13.46z?hl=en unless you take something like a .50 anti-materiel rifle and fire it like an artillery piece in a 45 degree angle . 
  then you might hit swedish soil . 
  are you asking what denk 's perspective is on the armenian genocide or are you asking generally ` what happened with ' the armenians ? 
  in which case the answer is `` the armenian genocide '' . 
  whilst the armenian genocide is n't as tragi-hilariously umambiguous as ye ol' nazis and their holocausting , it was still a pretty clear cut case of ethnic cleansing with royal bonuses of violence , death , murder , you name it . 
  denk 's pov on the matter is firmly in the realm of apologism , if not at times outright denial . 
  they do n't want to talk about it , they do n't want to be remembered of it , their official position on the matter is that the dutch political landscape is abusing the `` armenian issue '' ( denk does n't call it genocide , ofc ) to make dutch turks feel guilty . 
  actually , come to think of it , denk is using the whole debate around the armenian genocide to self-victimize as turks . 
  hot damn . 
  i did n't think i could loathe denk more than i already did . 
  proved myself wrong there . 
  edit : [ here 's ] ( https://www.bewegingdenk.nl/rechtvaardige-samenleving/meerderheid-kamer-tegen-verzoening-en-toenadering-armeense-kwestie-wordt-gebruikt-voor-eigen-politiek-gewin ) the direct link to denk 's site and their position on the armenian ` issue ' . 
  it 's in dutch . 
  they want to emphasize all the * negative * aspects of the * dutch * colonial past , obviously not giving a shit to differentiate early trade from the real exploitative colonialism of later periods , because fuck nuance and context . 
  then those same people probably look fondly at all kinds of turkish historical figures from more or less the same moral mould . 
  your jan pieterz . 
  coen is a disgusting immoral pigdog , but a sultan mehmet ii for example , who conquered constantinople , is an amazing historical figure deserving of respect . 
  they 're massive hypocrites . 
  a position i could respect ( though not necessarily agree with ) if it were n't pushed by a bunch of hypocrites that do n't even acknowledge what they did to the armenians . 
  phenomenal ? 
  they look good by comparison to people like sessions and devos ... that 's quite something else . 
  ah , so you 're a massive racist shithead . 
  i know he 's a the_dunce visiting trumplet , but you did n't have to napalm him ... 
  the idea of trump 's various ` handlers ' being terrified of him meeting the british queen is hilarious . 
  it 's like an angry 12 yr old made some counterstrike meme with photoshop = / that 's pretty much the level of quality , insight , and subtlety that we 're witnessing here . 
  muy interesting . 
  do you have a source or recollection where you found this ? 
  i 'd love to read more . 
  ha , that x-files music . 
  that was nice . 
  first time i 've liked the creep . 
  he can still go fuck himself tho . 
   on the other hand , it means they moved to sweden without speaking the language . 
  lol let 's say hypothetically , you meet the love of your life and they 're from the philippines and you two are totally going to move there . 
  ya gon na spend four years getting proficient in tagalog first ? 
  now imagine your home country is in ruins and duolingo do n't work no more . 
  i 'm still laughing at ethnic european, 
  what 's ` white germanic ' ? 
   ethnic europeans typical . 
  conservative american and trumplet talking about `` ethnic europeans '' . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  if the situation makes you grumpy and depressed and might potentially put you on the path towards alcoholism , i 'd say your integration game is fucking fiiyaaaahhh !, 
  if you did n't vote for him you 're mostly in the clear . 
  if you voted non-clinton in a swing state , you do shoulder some blame . 
  and the system is deeply flawed , of course , and also bears a significant part of the blame . 
  at the end of the day however , something like 25 % of americans actively supported the man and voted for him . 
  obviously that 's not all americans and it was n't even a majority of voters , but it 's enough people to really do matter . 
  `` moral degeneracy '' , nice choice of words .
