  i see that this comment has seriously triggered the centipedes as well , 
  i wish a big two-decker would be built . 
  does n't have to be with period techniques and tools ; use modern kit , but make an accurate replica . 
  sadly , such things cost muy dineros . 
  also , i suppose [ uss constitution ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/uss_constitution_fires_a_17-gun_salute.jpg ) certainly deserves to be in this list as well , as even though she 's a true domestically ( in us ) developed and built ` super frigate ' , she 's very much part of the ` european ' age of sail . 
  and it 's great to see the perfidious yanks taking such good care of her ; at least that 's something you can definitely entrust to americans : saving heritage . 
  we in europe can sometimes get a tad blas\u00e9 about such things . 
  there is original footage available on yt of hms implacable , an original 1805-built 74-gun third rate ship of the line ( mouthful , eh ? 
  ) , the 74s were the true workhorses of battle fleets , being towed out to sea in 1949 to be blown up . 
  goddamn heartwrenching . 
  we did n't save any steel battleships either . 
  the yanks have all four iowas , one north carolina , two south dakotas and the old uss texas . 
  they almost have too many . 
  ` we ' have none . 
  oy vey , that 's quality craic, 
  fuck that link has me virtually browsing thru me old neighbourhood now . 
  omg i ca n't unsee that now . 
  it looks like he 's on his knees and very happy that he can finally let it go . 
  a relatively small vessel to guard and patrol your local waters . 
  the ship in question , [ mai 1105 stefan cel mare ] ( http://products.damen.com/en/ranges/offshore-patrol-vessel/offshore-patrol-vessel-950/deliveries/opv-950-stefan-cel-mare ) on the picture belongs to the romanian border police . 
  pretty cool class of vessels actually . 
  it 's literally as if a whole bunch of people just only recently realized how politics works . 
  there was ( is ) a massive schism in the republican party , that 's the largest reason for trump 's popularity . 
  and before trump entered the race he was already a big public figure , not in the least because of his tv stuff like the apprentice . 
  trump was n't some kind of unknown who was ` propped up ' by ` the media ' . 
  `` the media '' is n't a monolithic entity either . 
  fox and msnbc are n't exactly in cahoots . 
  what is what ? 
  photobombing ? 
  `` photobombing is the act of accidentally or purposely putting oneself into the view of a photograph , often in order to play a practical joke on the photographer or the subjects . '', 
  but you 're going from ` dubious political affairs ' to ` the entire election is rigged ' and the notion that trump is , literally ! , a ` false flag candidate ' . 
   because they dig up good information these are people who believe sandy hook was a false flag stage show with actors . 
  i would be insanely skeptical of what these people ` dig up ' . 
  afd is like any other typical ` alternative ' party in europe right now . 
  at the core , they have a point or two , pretty much without exception these are points ignored by the traditional establishment parties . 
  yet , they quickly become mired in a web of not quite knowing how to * actually * solve the issues they bring up ( instead of yelling one liners about borders and walls ) and the inevitable influx of highly dubious figures to the party , heavily eroding their credibility and moral compass . 
  i 'm happy to point out the serious issues regarding failed integration of predominantly muslims and people from islamic backgrounds in europe , but i do n't want to share a stage with fans of eugenics , holocaust deniers and people who get mad because one of your national footy players has a religion you do n't like . 
  r/conspiracy is leaking . 
  literally , judging from your post history . 
  now wait a minute . 
  was n't it the case that it was small groups of gladio members ( by definition very anti-communist/left ) acting on their own accord there in italy with those attacks you reference , instead of it being a ` sanctioned ' , let alone us controlled , operation ? 
  certainly the connection with the greek situation was because of integration of greece 's special forces within gladio , and it was those sf 's that became involved in the coup . 
  but then we get the whole correlation is not causation thing . 
  yeah , that 's the impression i 've been getting as well : that the tourism is now so heavily present in barcelona that at times the quality of life of the locals is negatively affected . 
  i 'd be pissed off at that as well . 
  barcelona is a very ` rich ' city in history , culture and identity and it must be hard to see the place you love turn into a huge tourist mill , most of said tourists probably not even * that * interested in the city itself , they just wanted to have been there . 
  take a picture on the famous square , buy a neymar shirt . 
  `` i 've been to barcelona ! '' . 
  well , do you know how to order a cup of coffee in catalan ? 
  then you have n't experienced barcelona . 
  tell me more about how my culture is disappearing because of evil brussels . 
  no really , please do . 
  i could use a good laugh . 
  he 's joking about dude writing ` champagne ' instead of ` campaign ' . 
  `` leave champagne '' just conjures up an image of farage with a big bottle . 
  for the `` people 's party of freedom and democracy '' , they sure as hell like authoritarian government and nibbling away individual rights in favour of government control . 
  they are n't the classical liberals of yesteryear anymore . 
  have n't been for a while . 
  the eu nationality ? 
  war with russia ? 
  all powers to brussels ? 
  cultures disappearing ? 
  you have been gripped by fear . 
  some kind of alliance . 
  romanian patrolboat photobombs . 
  i believe it 's gotten to the point where many barcelonians ( is that a word ? ), 
  are quite fed up with the hordes of tourists in their city , sometimes to the point of hostility ( not ` stab em with beer bottles ' hostility , but more like ' i wish these putos would fuck off back home ' hostility ) . 
  what is considered ` knowledge intensive services ' ? 
  teaching ( high school and up ) ? 
  academics ? 
  real scientific research ? 
  consultancy ? 
  lawyers , notaries , doctors , the like ? 
  [ you like-a bisghetti ? 
  you-a cheeki cunti !, 
   because i 've noticed way to often that people are quite often called an elitist if they say they voted for them . 
  now elitist is n't used not derogatory that often.i said a part of . 
  now i see that there is a group of people in need of social welfare , but i get confronted with lurkers just too often as well . 
  if your argument revolves around highlighting hyperbole in others ' reasoning , do n't be guilty of it yourself . 
  it 's very simple . 
  do n't drag up the old ` they 're jealous ' bullshit if you 're going to ride the hyperbole horse . 
   report from the statistics office netherlands . 
  table 4.4 , section b12 . 
  studying for a median job gets you $ 5 per day more than someone living from minimum wage . 
  that 's what nivellation by the social left has done . 
  how can this be motivating to get further ? 
  and the point here is ... what exactly ? 
  you 're directing me to a specific section of a specific document to prove which relevant point ? 
  ah yes , very enjoyable flick . 
  the book was good too . 
   but it 's usually a hyperbole used by jealous people . 
  to dismiss criticism that the vvd is predominantly aimed at the economically well-to-do as ` jealous people ' is hyperbole of the highest degree as well . 
   instead of seeing how a part of the tax money gets lurked by chavs . 
  so is this . 
  you come across as a pretty stereotypical `` vvd braller '' here actually . 
  `` buhuhu , the poors are jealous and should work harder . '', 
  still a bit of a dubious character according to ye ol' wiki : `` in 1933 , william patrick hitler returned to germany in an attempt to benefit from his uncle 's rise to power . 
  his uncle found him a job at the reich credit bank in berlin . 
  later , william worked at an opel automobile factory , and later still as a car salesman . 
  dissatisfied with these jobs , william persisted in asking his uncle for a better job , writing to him with blackmail threats that he would sell embarrassing stories about the family to the newspapers unless his `` personal circumstances '' improved .
