  transparent . 
  fresh greek salad , a lot of keftedes , and ouzo makes me a very happy boy . 
  bring on the extra pounds !, 
  `` jumalauta '' is handy too . 
  i 'll take a gdp hit for a world cup to be honest ... 
  we 'll bust the dikes and migrate to finland . 
  when i 'm done with the admin , it 's war !, 
  war , you hear !, 
  \\* still filling out the form *, 
  like animals qq, 
  de dood of the gladiolen !, 
  \\* charges you with a set of handlebars *, 
  reported for inciting and glorifying ethnic violence against fietsists !, 
  liberal amounts of your preferred sauce and those things are amazing when on the drink . 
  this is really low-effort ... 
  got ta love how the trumplets are suddenly against net neutrality now . 
  truly a cult . 
  uk really wants to be 4th , i guess . 
  you might be the only person on the continent that would n't involve the police even when you need them , just because you dont like the look of the police station . 
  suomi on paska !, 
  the numbers of suriname citizens incarcerated per 100k is 183 . 
  for the usa it 's just under 700 . 
  i 'm not even sure what you 're trying to argue here . 
  you talk about a ` table ' but there is no table relevant to suriname in the article you linked ? 
  that 's just about canada ... 
  your edit does n't even have a table , only insults ? 
  the architecture of those blue tall buildings is really cool , but they 're just so out of place there = /, 
  his habit of pushing his mouth forward really does make him look like one of our hairier primate cousins . 
  you know they 're * all * black in suriname , right ? 
  canada @ 114 and suriname @ 183 are also in the american continents . 
  now what ? 
  in legal circles known as the `` schwulah verteidigung '' . 
  j'accuse !, 
  could n't agree more . 
  dirlewanger and kaminsky and their troops . 
  the possibility of eternal damnation in hell for them is the biggest thing that can make me hope i 'm wrong about my atheism . 
  you 're one of those people who literally delete everything they post . 
  i 'm sure your conscience is clear ... no skeletons in your post history i 'm sure , no sireee !, 
  and early tintin stuff was n't even ` selectively ' racist . 
  all the early albums were full of stereotypes . 
  the american one too . 
  interestingly enough , some parts of ksa have a fairly lively gay scene . 
  that 's pretty ` deep ' in russia , yet it still looks so distinctly european in architecture . 
   i find it troubling that he seems to believe , that something like this can never happen in the us this is the concept of `` american exceptionalism '' taken to great naivety . 
  `` ca n't happen here , will never happen here . 
  we 're special ! '', 
  it 's even why polan is banned from space and can not into . 
  shots fired , lol, 
  he 's such an overplayed and overexxagerated bogeyman at this point, 
  i 've been playing my summer car and despite the reddit nl-finland rivalry , i can say i 'm definitely starting to feel a kinship develop between myself and the finns . 
  i 've learned rudimentary swearing in finnish . 
  i actually said `` jumalauta '' today when i came back in the early evening and my apartment was way too warm inside . 
  i 've been listening g\u00f6sta sundqvist 's music , [ the finnish anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvlouzdnj90 ) , and [ other acts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pbwsf-8aju ) i drank an entire case of grolsch last friday , then on the saturday , i sat on a little stool in the middle of a ridiculously hot shower . 
  that 's almost a sauna , right ? 
  and i 've always been a fan of rallysport and watched finnish grassroots motorsports videos . 
  i 'm very good at going `` ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai aiaiai '' so yeah , i think we 're bonding . 
  i hate the term ` smug , naive , virtue signalling prick ' but at this point i do n't think i can come up with a better phrase to describe that ngo captain . 
  dem rear paws !, 
  that 's too adorable !, 
  i want to tickle it !, 
  and give belly scratches . 
  a dutch greenhouse tomato can never stand up to an authentic sungrown warm mediterranean one , but it prolly does n't go for all vegetables grown indoors . 
  we also grow a decent amount of outdoors greenery . 
  no , not a weed joke . 
  that 's the funny part . 
  i know the term ` projection ' is overused these days , but jesus fucking christ , one would think everything the alt-right and alt-lite are doing and saying is just pure projection . 
  which means i 'm also no longer so surprised why they seem so obsessed with pedophilia and their tendency to see pedophilia everywhere . 
  just go to stormfront . 
  r/altright got shut down for doxxing btw , not cos of ` opinions ' . 
  turns out angry neo-nazis online ca n't keep it in their pants . 
  physical_removal , uncensorednews , debatethealright , metacanada ... 
  slapped into a traffic jam at high speed i read . 
  barring any mechanical brake failure , that sounds like driver error . 
  fell asleep at the wheel . 
  medical emergency even , potentially . 
  the problem with israel 's local laws and building permissions is that they are heinously complicated and hardly applied consistently . 
  israel is hiding behind their own obscure and shitty regulations to deny communities basic amenities such as electricity . 
  if you want to argue that they 're in their legal right , then yeah of course , * they make the fucking rules * . 
  israel could change their legislation to not afford basic police protection to palestinians and they would n't be in the strict legal wrong . 
  morally , however , it 's no question . 
   just step out of ideological approach . 
  if saudi arabia funds a solar power plant for a mosque in holland and its going to be build without the proper paperwork , what would happen ? 
  issue is that no place in nl would be without reliable or fairly clean power . 
  the specific palestinian community * does * have that issue . 
  that had to rely on filthy and expensive ( fuel ) diesel generators for basic electricity . 
  that 's why nl government contributed with the solar panels . 
  so that they can have clean , reliable , and consistent electrical power . 
  this is some god tier whataboutism, 
  damn , who pissed in you cornflakes this morning ? 
  that guy, 
  was n't a lot of paris knocked down and completely rebuilt during the napoleon iii era by this famous architect whose name escapes me ? 
  the recipe was actually ` set in stone ' in 1982 by a bunch of chefs from bologna . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't dick about in your kitchen with it , but there really does exist something that is a true `` authentic '' bolognese sauce . 
  and it 's quite different to the more common concept of a ` spaghetti bolognese ' in the west , which has a lot of tomatoes in it . 
  needs celery , carrots , milk , wine , stock ... and with a bit of oil , not butter . 
   the report uses statistics from 2015 , when 70 people died violent deaths at the hands of others . 
   finland population \u2022 2015 official 5,487,308 1 murder per 78,390.1 inhabitants  netherlands 2015 , 120 murders per aprox . 
  17m population . 
  1 murder per 141,666.6 inhabitants, 
  wilco,
