  you fail to realize that it is no longer about a cartoon but about a picture . 
  it does n't need to be an insightful or witty cartoon because it does n't matter . 
  the depiction is the crux of it . 
  the depiction , any form of it , has * become * the cartoon . 
  that 's a load of crap . 
  it has absolutely no base whatsoever and it is n't the goal of this at all . 
  yeah i like it . 
  cool discussion technique , bro . 
  i will quote snobbyeuropean 's post above : `` as i see it , it 's not for the sake of being a dick , but for the sake of freedom of speech . 
  if muhammed cartoons were presented without political context in a `` here , look at this shit because it 's edgy '' manner , that would be pure dickness . 
  in this case , however , this is a protest against extremists who are willing to take lives because of a picture . 
  i agree that they could 've chosen `` better '' , thought provoking cartoons , but that 's not really the point here . 
  the message in my opinion is that religious groups that endanger freedom of speech in any way should be confronted , which is pretty much what that prick wilders did . '', 
  basically this . 
  it 's about instigating a culture shift . 
  you got ta break some eggs , or in this case feelings , to make an omelette . 
   that seat could 've been occupied by a politician who wants to solve the general bullshit . 
  no one in mainstream dutch politics has tried to solve the integration issue for a long-ass time , dude . 
  until a bald queer showed up who was promtply murdered by an extreme left-winger because he was deemed , you guessed it , ` racist ' . 
  geert wilders is not the solution . 
  but he is a symptom . 
  not a loner in a vaccuum . 
  how the fuck does that not change anything about your statement ? 
  you said you ca n't remember your neighbour wanting to kill you . 
  neither can i , for that matter . 
  but i know someone who could . 
  because he was killed . 
  by his ` neighbour ' . 
  a dutch muslim . 
  born in amsterdam . 
  murdered him because of a movie . 
  a picture . 
  how the fuck does that not change anything about your statement ? 
  it proves it to be not absolutely true beyond all doubt . 
  the netherlands . 
  globally known for its decades long civil strife and systematic oppression of women , i guess ? 
  and totally lawless , of course . 
  everyone knows the dutch hate rules ... 
  tell that to theo van gogh or those danish cartoonists ... 
  calling a problem a problem is n't being racist , you dipshit . 
  `` european colonialism left behind a lot of problems in other countries '' racist against white people !, 
  is it about somalians or about war-torn countries producing a fucked up environment to raise kids in ? 
  see , you immediately went for the racist option . 
  the last part of your second sentence is true . 
  the first part is not . 
  yet ethnic fins make up 90 % of the population , with another 5 % to ethnic swedes . 
  so actually , the ethnic fins are n't raping enough . 
  or , and this is my favorite hypothesis , someone is raping a bit too much ... 
  i can not remember the last regular reports from europe about groups of far east asian youths roaming the streets and gangraping girls , no . 
  do you ? 
  what 's the other option ? 
  accept that we should just never insult muslims because , hey , that 's offensive to their culture and they might just fucking kill you ? 
  besides , these cartoons were broadcast within a particular context of giving all political parties air-time . 
  nothing was ` force-fed ' to anyone . 
  there were no muhammad cartoon flyers shoved through muslims ' mailboxes , the 8 o'clock news was not interrupted to show muhammad nailing a donkey , no one who was not intentionally looking for it saw it . 
  kind of the same with the danish cartoons published in that relatively small newspaper , sparking protests and violence thousands of miles away . 
  `` look at what the west is doing , rabble rabble rabble '' . 
  c'mon man , do n't be such a drama queen . 
  famous ( somewhat ) dutch-american activist ayaan hirsi ali is somali born and grew up there . 
  her views on islam and current somali ` culture ' make mine look positively tame in comparison . 
  but that 's no wonder if you grew up in a culture where they slice the clit off of 5yr old girls because of religious purity bullshit . 
  not saying there 's no hate against asian people . 
  racist fucktards full of hate are present in any society and european society is not any different in that regard . 
  but it 's obvious that there 's a great discrepancy between the relatively widely carried negative sentiments towards islamic africans and the few random blotches of hate against asians . 
  it 's important enough for wilders apparently . 
  and perhaps by extension , important enough for me as well . 
  wilders is a creep , but he 's right that we should n't simply accept that certain people , in our own society , condone violence against someone over a cartoon . 
  that 's not how we roll in the west . 
  and the only realistic option is to make more and more cartoons until they 've gotten used to it . 
  how * is * it racist ? 
  there 's a couple million chinese living in europe . 
  enough to really cause trouble . 
  but they do n't . 
  maybe , when the offended party wants to kill you for it , means that 's the moment when you * should * do it to make a point . 
  there 's so many problems wrapped up in it , it would take a lot of time . 
  i think the main issues are that europe needs to find a way to stop economical migrants . 
  even amongst the moderate right-wingers here , there is the concensus that real refugees escaping war or persecution should always be helped , but when you end up with non-persecuted people fleeing a non-wartorn country just to end up in mythical europe where the government ` gives you free money ' , is a massive fucking problem . 
  and it hurts not in the least the real refugees . 
  second issue is that everyone needs to start looking at how muslims in particular can integrate better in western society . 
  this is by far the most complex and trickiest topic . 
  and it ties in with the third issue , which is ... that the majority of muslims , i assume reasonable people , are faced with the increasing problem of their religion being hijacked by extremists . 
  think of saudi wahhabism and how they spread their ideology around everywhere , funded by oil money . 
  further attempting to polarize all muslims from the rest , especially aiming at ( young ) muslims who already feel out of touch with the environment they live in now . 
  a fourth , more minor , issue is the wave of hyper political correctness that brands you as a racist the moment you say something objectively or subjectively bad about non-white people or cultures . 
  this reactionary form of political correctness has gotten to the point where it 's stifling discussion on the topic . 
  has been for a decade + now . 
  the way these issues work together to create a vicious cycle is winding up the bring out a real shitstorm . 
  and shitstorms are better avoided than suffered through . 
  but that 's gon na take a lot more than a couple of redditposts . 
  i do n't know about colombians , but there 's plenty of chinese and far east asians in europe . 
  yet the only group that europe has so much trouble with are islamic migrants from africa and the middle east . 
  now why is that ? 
  if we are so racist , why does this racism completely focus on that specific group ? 
  just . . random hatred or something ? 
  or could there possibly be something else going on that 's causing increasing resentment ? 
  ah yes , the old go-to classic . 
  get out the racism card !, 
  i am disappointed by the lack of stormfront allegations , though . 
  it 's not a complaint against ancient somalian culture or somalian ethnicity . 
  old somali law , xeer , is quite interesting actually and probably a better thing than strict shari'a law .
