  reflect on that for a minute . 
  you 'll apologize for * that * but not for belittling my english and intelligence because i used certain words more often than you liked whilst typing a quick response on an internet forum ? 
  it 's not showing up for some reason . 
   i see where you 're coming from . 
  we can therefore agree that the eu should ` take the high ground ' , no ? 
   not really , tbh . 
  as an entity the eu is perfectly allowed to defend itself from unjust criticism , especially considering where it came from . 
   again , i see where you 're coming from , but i think you 've incorrectly applied the term ` false equivalency ' here . 
  these were two sides of the same issue . 
  both lied , both were toxic . 
  moreover , pro-leave media was probably about 15 % of the world media at the time ( and that 's generous ) . 
  both were toxic , one considerably more than the other . 
   you do n't like nigel farage , that 's fine . 
  similarly , however , one could argue blurting out `` the uk will end if we leave '' is far more ridiculous . 
  name me one remainer with the same level of activity and prominence of farage that said such things repeatedly . 
   i 'm not accusing you of saying britain will crumble ... 
  i was pointing out that this is a popular argument deployed by pro-eu parties that you might use if you were so inclined . 
  ok  again , please identify where boris called the eu nazis . 
  and , again , i did not state that the eu are vindictive ; as i have explained , i expressed the wish that they do not become vindictive . 
  it 's in the bloody article . 
   ok , it was a ` fuck you ' to eu . 
  do n't know what this refers to . 
   i almost had a stroke reading a seemingly far-leftist remarking on how `` new righters '' are snowflakes and get their `` panties '' `` all bunched up '' . 
  oh , plenty , too many even , of snowflake lefties about . 
  but it 's the new-right/alt-right/ur fascists who have made the ` anti-pc ' , ` anti-sjw ' , ` anti-snowflake ' a complete talking point . 
  it 's the new and alt right who are decrying it as a threat to western society . 
  meanwhile , * they are completely guilty of doing the exact same fucking thing * . 
  play identity politics , reeee out of control when confronted with uncomfortable notions about themselves , seek out the safest of safe spaces . 
  it 's just that for the new and alt right , it 's intensely hypocritical to be like that , considering how much they profess to hate sjw/pc culture . 
   double standards ... serious question : would you be in favour of another referendum ? 
  i do n't really have an opinion on that actually . 
  all that another referendum would tell me is that the british public were hopelessly ill-informed about the decision that was posed to them . 
   stop stressing yourself out so much over an opinion that challenges your own , you fucking child . 
  sounds like someone is * triggered * . 
   the amount of times you used `` vindictive '' in your post suggests that you 're unconsciously susceptible to adopting other people 's language and then substituting other words with it due to cognitive prevalence . 
  having used the word `` poisonous '' quite a number of times also suggests this about you . 
  i would therefore ask , sincerely , when and how you came to learn and start sprinkling the word `` rhetoric '' around ? 
  i suspect two or three years ago your usage of `` rhetoric '' was grossly disparate to what it is now . 
  ask yourself why that is . 
  this is prime r/iamverysmart material . 
  i 'm hammering out a comment on a forum ( considerably faster than you 're managing , btw ) , i 'm not tryna write nietschze prose . 
  how many other languages do you speak btw ? 
   lighten up . 
  lel , you 're doing exactly what i 'm railing against . 
  you call me a far-leftist , a fucking child , and you belittle my english , even though i 'm writing in an informal setting , because you do n't like the fact that i used the same word multiple times ( i 'd argue i did that for consistency and out of laziness ) . 
  then you tell ** me ** to `` lighten up '' . 
  top kek . 
  exactly . 
  certain camps and parties began poisoning the well , then a few months later they say we should all be working together to create clean drinking water . 
  i feel like you should n't be able to * get to do that * without getting called out hard for it . 
  what do communism and maoism have to do with it ? 
   the uk simply does n't want the eu to pursue a wrathful approach just because the uk wants more self-determination . 
  the eu did n't want the uk to pursue a wrathful approach during the referendum either . 
  that was n't exactly honoured , was it ? 
   aspects of it were . 
  so was the remain campaign . 
  iy it was a heated political moment for the uk . 
  false equivalency bullshit . 
  calling it like it is , the leavers , esp the pro-leave media , was at least twice as poisonous with their lies . 
   the issues of sovereignty , globalism , and greater control over immigration were not fictitious or merely conjured out of thin air . 
  they were the primary drives behind people voting to leave . 
  yes , depending on which side you 're on you can devise an argument for ( a ) why the eu is amazing , or ( b ) why the eu is awful . 
  sovereignty , border control , etc. 
  are pretty black and white . 
  many legitimate issues . 
  blaring out `` everthing is decided in brussels '' and fuckface farage pretending it was `` britain 's independence day '' were anything but legitimate talking points . 
  it was all vindictive rhetoric by the leavers from day fucking one . 
   i agree . 
  we 've never truly committed to the eu . 
  i resent the term ` snowflakes ' , however . 
  snowflakes thrive when they stick together . 
  regardless of whatever `` britain will crumble '' narrative you might want to spin , in 10 years we 'll see that it simply is n't true . 
  threats are threats . 
  i did n't say anything about the uk crumbling and i 'm not threatening anything either . 
  i will , however , stand by the special snowflake argument because it seems to me that leavers want zero consequences for their own poisonous rhetoric , yet at the same time throw a hissy fit every time the eu says that it 's tired of this shit . 
  hilariously unequal standards there . 
   nobody has called the eu nazis , dude . 
  chill out . 
  nobody has said they 're being vindictive ; all that 's happened is that the uk has politely asked for the eu to respect its wishes and not lash out in retaliation for a perceived slight . 
  well , except bojo , who definitely alluded to a nazi reference . 
  and you yourself brought up the word ` vindictive ' . 
   all that 's happened is that the uk has politely asked for the eu to respect its wishes and not lash out in retaliation for a perceived slight . 
  `` perceived '' slight ? 
  oh , pull my ears , fuck me from behind , and call me grandma . 
  * perceived * slight ? 
  so the entire campaign by the leavers to paint the eu as some demonic entity was not real and the eu should just ` suck it up ' , is that it ? 
  the way the leave campaign was run and the things said about the eu and the continent go * way * fucking beyond a `` perceived '' slight , are you kidding me ? 
  again , double standards . 
  uk leavers seem to be able to want to say anything and everything , but boy oh boy if you say something about them . 
  then its collective panties get all bunched up . 
  just like the wave of new righters in the usa . 
  - who decides what is ` vindictively ' ? 
  - one could , and i certainly am , argue that the uk 's leave campaign was poison-tongued up to the tonsils . 
  so it 's ok for the leave camp to be \u00fcber-critical to the point of just making shit up to discredit the eu , but when the eu itself is tired of playing nice with the special british snowflakes , they 're a bunch of vindictive nazis ? 
  right . 
  that 's nice . 
  nice equal standards . 
  how does one normalise an extremely ideologically driven industrial genocide ? 
  seriously . 
  how ?
