  for real though , iberia as europe 's solar powered generator is a cool idea . 
  get on it , carlos !, 
  no siesta !, 
  the new orange ca n't handle the grey knights !, 
  i read a short story in a white dwarf once about a captured chaos land raider that was taken by an inquisitor to be brought to ( i think ) mars for a thorough examination , but the inquisitor could n't contain his excitement and started fucking with the machine during transit and obviously , scary shenanigans ensued . 
  kinda reminded me of the creepiness of the movie event horizon . 
  i 'm not big on scary/horror movies but i love event horizon . 
  got any recommendations like that in the 40k booksphere ? 
   like a hungry man licking the floor for scraps . 
  do n't feel too bad , you guys ( with vlad tepes ) invented extreme dildo'ing . 
  i hear that 's getting big these days . 
  we really do , believe me . 
  i do n't think i 'm wrong , i 've recently heard this i think it 's true , could be false but i think it 's true , that europe has , by far folks , by far , the best donalds in the world . 
  reputable people told me that , great sources , i trust them with - implicitly , believe me , i would n't otherwise , great sources , and i 'm inclined to believe them , okay ? 
  so , really , truly the best donalds are to be found in europe , nowhere else . 
  rome was n't built in a day . 
  even brasilia was n't . 
  around these parts , that has been replaced with psg memes since yesterday . 
  baby steppes even , in 1000 ad, 
  you are now an integrated citizen of rural brabant . 
  and road workers and american inmates . 
  dutch people of the people confirmed . 
  `` decisive battle '' is actually a relatively well defined term , not something that can easily be shoehorned into something else . 
  neither the british nor the japanese fleet were ` destroyed ' in one battle . 
  midway was a turning point , not a ` destruction of the ijn ' . 
  you 're talking about decisive battles , but then you proceed to misattribute the phrase . 
  and the british `` high seas fleet '' is n't even a thing . 
  high seas fleet refers to the main german fleet of ww1 , hochseeflotte . 
  look on the bright side , finally we succesfully invaded a part of germany !, 
  they say fotze in the vid you linked :p, 
  pretty sure it 's `` fotze '' . 
  which means kut ofc . 
  you 've got quite a few things mixed up there ... 
   this kind of stuff is why when i found out the wwf had been hiring mercenaries to kill poachers in africa , i could n't really get too bothered about it , and kept donating every year . 
  heh , for real ? 
  considering doubling my monthly contribution now :p, 
  - civilian occupational force ( ss , led by seyss-inquart ) - nowhere to run , nowhere to hide - relatively large discrepancy between ramping up of forced labour deportations and deportations of jews . 
  would icelandic naming conventions mean that there are potentially names like avramson or shmuelson in iceland ? 
  remember that this data point is from 1933 . 
  it 's still some years until ww2 kicked off in earnest . 
   rudolf h\u00f6ss \\* loathing intensifies * [ nsfw ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/2d/a3/d9/2da3d93e24b2b7c348c1a698d6edbb8b.jpg ) v v v v bad boi doing a dangle r/genocidalpuppers, 
  i believe the general consensus ballpark is indeed 5.5 - 6 these days . 
  it 's still difficult to get super exact numbers , even with all the information we have . 
  we 'll probably never have super exact numbers . 
  lithuania is like 90 or 95 % of lithuanian jews killed ... some 200.000 ish . 
  one of the reasons i get all antsy when lithuanians are ranting about how the soviets were actually so much worse ... 
  this is actually a bit of a myth . 
  it seems like a very good explanation , but once historians started comparing survival rates between registered and non-registered dutch jews , they found basically no difference . 
  and then to imagine some people think `` da jooze '' are concocting this grand conspiracy to bamboozle us all ... 
  there 's this great joke about jewish conspiracies , forgot which comedian said it : `` have you ever heard four jews trying to decide where to go for dinner ? '', 
  technically not . 
  but in practice ? 
  i 've never ever seen otherwise . 
  well , considering that the red army was n't complicit in the outright murder of 11 million people for racial purity reasons * and * that they proved to be a superior fighting force compared to the nazis , i 'd say that yes , they were n't ` as bad as the nazis ' on two counts . 
  holocaust denial and/or glorification is pretty common in the arab and islamic world . 
  mostly fueled by their hatred for israel and decades of their own leaders pumping conspiracy bullshit into them . 
  they 've got a huge problem with critical thinking by now . 
  for all the stupidity that young earth creationists display , at least there 's no insanely hateful ideology hiding behind it . 
  [ my surprised face ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/dam/assets/140812081344-zalmay-khalilzad-fred-pleitgen-amanpour-interview-iraq-u-s-maliki-00061711-horizontal-gallery.jpg ) when i find unironic use of triple parentheses and referrals to the `` jewish question '' in your post history . 
  i been snitching hard too instead of telling the obvious ones to follow their leader and suck on a ppk . 
  the end result clearly shows there was n't , regardless of your cute example of august 1933 . 
  you gon na tell me about the madagascar plan next ? 
  mahmoud ? 
  [ i hate illinois nazis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ukfavyp3uu ), 
  illinois, 
  yes ? 
  i 'm inclined to make the point that the nazis truly went out of their way to find and kill people all over europe . 
  the jews , gypsies , other ` undesirables ' and eventually the slavs in the east were always going to get fucked anyway , but then around '42 with the infamous wannsee conference they very consciously decided to round them up from all over europe wherever they could find them . 
  though this ofc a very difficult thing to compare throughout the ages because of the technological gap you already mentioned . 
  would the ukrainian maniacs from the mid 17th century have been just as extensive if they had the tools and wide reach of the nazis at their behest ? 
  it 's a difficult question . 
  little fucker had it coming , i bet . 
  toddlers are awful people . 
  very selfish :p, 
  every parent fantasized about kicking their idiotic toddler down the stairs sometimes , even if it 's just for a millisecond . 
  four fiddy, 
  if i 'd get a dollar for every fallacy you just threw at me , i 'd have tree fiddy . 
  one would have to be as dumb as a t_d poster to think that 's a meaningful conclusion ... 
  go on , humour us ... who was behind it ? 
  self-awareness level : -5, 
   i wonder what happened there ... ca n't tell if genuinely ignorant , making a bad joke , or neo-nazi troll ... 
  anti-semitism has been an unfortunate staple of europe for a long time , but not before or since the nazi regime has it been moulded into such a relentless quest for mass murder . 
  the utterly unambiguous ideology and relentless approach towards extermination of undesirables is what still makes the nazis stand out as a stereotype of ` evil ' , and rightfully so imho . 
  `` these people are vermin . 
  they * all * need to die . 
  we will make it so . '', 
  that 's it . 
  that was fucking it . 
  there 's not even a shred of a hint of a grain of a dust particle of ambiguity in that . 
  on the whole of it , nazi germany is honestly a pretty bad example for this argument . 
  a lot of the positive things accredited to them kind of fall through upon further scrutiny . 
  autobahns were n't their idea ; nazi economic management was shit ; the sometimes mentioned medical advancements are complete bogus . 
  when looking at something such as the whole of the british empire though its entire existence , it 's not difficult to highlight * actual * large scale positive contributions , in spite of all the deplorable shit it was responsible for . 
  if you created a list about the empire that had two columns , one for `` good '' the other for `` bad '' , you 'd end up with a lot of entries in both columns . 
  do the same for the nazis and your columns are going to look remarkably more lopsided . 
  [ plz stop ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/4fqwqr/since_history_is_written_by_the_victors_are_there/ ), 
  nazi ideology was explicitly centered around struggle , war , and the subjugation of ` lesser peoples ' in the pursuit of racial purity and rabid nationalism . 
  just because a nazi may have given a child a lollypop some day does n't suddenly put the nazis in a grey realm of morality . 
   i wonder how that post would be perceived . 
  i do n't .
