  i like history , actually . 
  i 've read a decent few history books . 
  i must 've missed the ones where christianity was instrumental in the abolition of the ancien regimes , the forming of freedom of speech , freedom of and * from * religion , women 's rights , redistribution of wealth , individual liberties , suffrage ... and there are many more . 
  it had its good moments ofc , of which there can be many examples as well . 
  but that 's the good * and * the bad . 
  as regarding the fight against slavery , christianity had its part in that , yes . 
  eventually ... because of course for centuries , non-europeans were enslaved and oppressed with the full moral support and encouragement from nearly all clades of christianity . 
  for an actual student of history on an academic level , as you claim to be , you really should know better than to cherrypick so explicitly . 
  not to mention the fallback to `` commonly accepted by many historians '' whilst offering a very vague and not undisputed premise . 
  and the damn danes . 
   christianity brought us the true meaning of marriage . 
  til you ca n't be * truly * married unless you 're a christian . 
  name a few factors then that undeniably state that many of current europe 's most important characteristics come from christianity . 
  i 'm getting my popcorn . 
  they should look at a hundred factors of social , educational and financial stability before that particular factor even bears thinking about . 
  and even then it does n't sit right with me . 
  bright side : that 's a potential 55 % that are at least not against . 
  neither is marriage the same as it was a thousand years ago , or five hundred , or even a hundred . 
  if you agree that the concept of marriage changes over time , you ca n't point at your favorite period and demand it never changes from that . 
  just as i do not care for zealots trying to credit secular social accomplishments to their religion . 
  we are what we are today despite religion , not because of it . 
   like it or not but europe is build upon christian values and traditions . 
  you christian zealots do * not * get to take credit for what europe is today . 
  we 'd be in a much darker place if things were left up to people of your ilk . 
   cases involving cars and guns can never be compared , for whatever reason , and if you do so you are wrong without it warranting an intelligent response . 
  i was n't the one comparing them ... `` i 've used the word `` idiot '' once , to refer to you , after you called me simple-minded . '', 
  i said there was simplemindedness on both sides of the fence . 
  i never directly referred to or mentioned you . 
  you 're the one who 's getting superdefensive over this . 
  you * are * comparing a car to guns in that last paragraph , because you are wondering why there is no political-social movement to ban cars . 
  that 's literally what you wrote . 
  it 's double funny how you complain about ad hominem whilst you are the one calling people ` idiot ' on multiple occasions . 
  got ta love how you complain about simple rhetoric , then go on to compare a car to guns . 
  i suppose simplemindedness is on both sides of the fence here ... 
  minor addition to above comment : song came from ' 83 , when pinochet was still in power in chile . 
  that 's why chile is ` scary ' . 
  ` the west ' can be deemed responsible for expediating the power vaccuum that allowed groups such as isis to take more control , but the * mentality * and ideology of groups such as isis obviously have fuck all to do with ` the west ' and are a uniquely islamic problem right now . 
  what 'd he say ? 
  https://twitter.com/markus_soeder/status/665508235894464512 this one ? 
  welcome to shitty sarma wok , canni take-a order prease ? 
  ksa and the gulf states do n't want them . 
  it 's countries like lebanon who are putting in the vast majority of the work when it comes to the refugee crisis . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm this one . 
  and yeah , it 's massively worrying . 
  parallel societies , intolerant and backward views . 
  and these are the people we * think * ( hope ) are the ` moderate ' muslims . 
  they 're not moderate . 
  not at all . 
  that would be ridiculous . 
  something like that is n't even against the rules . 
  it does not call for violence , it 's not hate speech , it does n't attack individuals . 
  and you know what ? 
  i ca n't fucking blame them anymore . 
  not after yesterday . 
  i 'd translate it as ` beyond reproach ' , but my french is old and rusty and probably wrong . 
  bit further to the right and murica can absorb all of yurop 's wetness whilst sticking florida into the red sea . 
  if a visitor or reporter got that physical with an epm , they 'd get arrested and charged . 
  but mr italian temper temper can be as hands-on as he likes , the cunt . 
  i do n't ` like ' powned , but to catch assholes , you need an asshole . 
  they do that job admirably . 
  because people do n't seem to be able to place the original comments in context . 
  are you going for a....hands-off approach ? 
  your original comment , which has since been removed , heavily implied you were against the practical institution of ( gay ) marriage and the civil rights that come with it . 
  if you would just disagree with ` gay marriage ' on a semantical level , i ca n't see how you would applaud a veto against gay marriage , because then you value semantics over civil rights . 
  which seems insane to me . 
  it hurts them because you would deny them civil rights because you do n't like the word they use . 
  what are you , 5 years old ? 
  `` stop using ` my ' word ! '', 
  lol @ calm down and downvote . 
  so because of a semantical issue you have with non-religious marriage in general , you would actively support the denial of civil rights to actual people ? 
  it 's one thing to have a gripe about the word marriage , it 's another thing entirely to be practically against gay or even straight marriage * because of a fucking word * . 
   and do you think marriage should only be a religious thing then ? 
   and yes why ? 
  is it just the word ` marriage ' that you think should be a monopoly for religious context or is it something deeper ? 
  then why do you give a shit about * gay * marriage in particular ? 
  and do you think marriage should only be a religious thing then ? 
  marriage in a civil-administrative context is not a religious thing at all . 
   chinese all you can eat buffet - $ 6.90 ( 2 hrs max , no drinks included )  wut ? 
  do you have a good non-religious reason against gay marriage ? 
  `` we love lithuania !, 
  come sit in gridlock here ! '', 
  no sane dutchman would buy costs , however . 
  that 's very un-voc mentality . 
   and for some reason they hate central banking and are in love with gold . 
   and for some reason  central banking ? 
  jeeeeeeews !, 
  yeah it 's an earlier model . 
  communism is intricately connected with a totalitarian and oppressive government , that 's mostly what made it so fucking shit . 
  and the economical side barely ever worked out either . 
  but , economically left wing rule = / = commnunism , which is what seemed to be implied by the original poster i replied to , stating that far right wing economics were hardly ever that beneficial either . 
  i 'm not saying go back to communism , but the other end of the scale is just as bad . 
  financial crisis of the past few years , anyone ? 
  that shit had fuck-all to do with leftism , moreso with rightism , corporatism and protectionism . 
  all things that will give any hardcore capitalist a massive boner . 
  yeah , let 's put all the power in hands of the right-wing corporative buttbuddies . 
  that shit has worked out well in the past , right ? 
  `` shots were fired after a dark blue ford escort was driven through a perimeter fence towards the barracks , said a judicial source from nearby namur . '', 
  looks like a focus to me . 
  see , i 'm always looking out for the important things :p, 
   `` we heard horrible reports of children forced to have sex with the traffickers in exchange for paying their travel '' , `` said melissa fleming '' , spokeswoman for unhcr .
