  maybe reasses your beliefs . 
  one has to be blind to not see the enabling of real racists and racial supremacists that is a big consequence of the trump campaign . 
  do n't be an idiot , you think the ruling saudis are the true bad guys in this ? 
  they are keeping the isis-esque zealots at bay in saudi-arabia . 
  if the saudi royals fall , it 's not inconceivable at all that the country falls prey to significantly worse forms of islamic extremism and if you thought the ksa is bad now , in the words of bachman turner overdrive , `` you ai n't seen nothing yet '' . 
   the netherlands too . 
  more than the uk ? 
  yeah , no . 
  if you crawl into your victim role just that little bit deeper , you 'll be so low down you 're gon na pop out at the other end and can say hi to the aussies . 
  little left to destabilize ? 
  do n't be naive . 
  what do you think would happen if the house of saud fell , hm ? 
  and that 's just one . 
  seeing the amount of support for trump in the us , i think the west in general may be way past that 20 % mark ... we can scream and whine about da mooslims , but i do n't have the feeling that our own corner is particularly clean today either ... 
   and destroying their county . 
  take your fear mongering back to the_cheeto , please . 
  your orange f\u00fchrer is n't wanted here . 
  if you could get a bunch of a-countries together , however ... that would be a powerful thing . 
  but who the hell is going to organize * that * ? 
  deport royals , proclaim republic , save the world from global warming with many dykes , unite humanity under the banner of the clog , appease the aliens with cheese , rule the milky way . 
  destiny achieved . 
  fin . 
  all of em , bert , all of em . 
   pleonasm  british speak do n't insult the ancient greeks , mate . 
  why is the sky blue ? 
  why is water wet ? 
  i feel like there 'd be so many cool things about zerrikania ( environment , people , culture , architecture , weaponry , monsters ! ), 
  that i would absolutely love to see it being the main setting for a new witcher title , since there 's so much there to be new and fresh . 
  he 'd be hailed as a special person of preposterous physical strength because there 's no fucking way an individual can destroy a church bell . 
  so it 's ukip getting into a fight with ukip ? 
  could n't be a more perfect example of what that party is about then . 
  maybe because 52 % of your country drank the kool-aid and painted continental eu-countries as the noose that is killing britain , amongst five million other boneheaded allegations ? 
  you ca n't expect much sympathy from said continent when the majority of your population is swallowing the bile from the murdoch media group and is blaming the continent and the eu for everything and nothing . 
  now you ca n't die , you 're a vampire . 
  a new character travelling to new lands would be great . 
  plenty of cool locations within the witcher world : kovir and poviss , more of nilfgaard , zerrakania . 
  or even just more of the northern kingdoms and its lands . 
  way back in the day , before i was even a thing , my mom and dad vacationed in gent . 
  in a restaurant my mother ordered the gentse waterzooi , not knowing fully what it was , but it did come with fries . 
  as my sweet mother began depositing fries on her plate , the waiter proclaimed in distress : `` maar madam , ge gooit de frietekes toch niet in de soep ?! '', 
  this concludes my waterzooi story . 
   most opponents of gender freedom or trans-rights i have talked to believe that everyone in these groups acts like that , because they consume media in which that group is constantly portrayed as its worst . 
  read enough angrymen.com and they 'll get you to believe every other woman is a screeching misandrist tumblrina . 
  that 's not reality , but it 's reality to them through their narrow lense . 
  if my news sources are exclusively theangryatheist.net , atheism.com and downwiththechurch.org , it wo n't take long before i will think the usa is literally a theocracy , because of the limited scope of news i consume . 
  you think this will result ( or maybe already has ) in an exodus of ` g\u00fclenist ' ( whether real or suspected ) people from turkey ? 
  with purged people in the tens of thousands , plus their immediate families , we 'd be looking at a significant number of ` unwanteds ' ( or is that too harsh a term ? 
  \\* insert obligatory south park reference here *, 
  and influenced by shitty people around him . 
  looking at you , dick ` beelzebub ' cheney !, 
  the ang allowed dubya to fly fighter jets , he ca n't have been * that much * of a moron . 
  wtf is this shit ? 
  that 's a disgusting thing to insinuate and you can fuck right off with that , asshole . 
  i 'm not a nazi and you 'd be collecting teeth had you said that to my face . 
  but anonimity of the internet , ey ? 
  nice and safe . 
  oh ffs , you understand perfectly well what i 'm trying to get across here but now you 're just being obtuse and dogwhistling that i 'm some kind of nazi prick . 
  pis off . 
  it 's not a * scientific * debate . 
  you 're basically strawmanning very hard now , because you 're misinterpreting my point entirely . 
  it 's not a scientific-biological question , it 's a socio-ethical one of when we , as a society , consider someone an actual human being instead of a clump of cells . 
  judging everything from the lense of hard science without any deviation wo n't get us anywhere either in daily life ; a dog is a dog in daily life , a clump of cells is not a dog . 
  a petridish with rose cells is not a bouquet . 
  so i do n't think abortion is something that * can * be decided by hard-science criteria at all . 
  this is n't a scientific debate at all . 
  if you give your daughter a puppy , your daughter expects a dog , not a clump of cells . 
  that clump of cells , or even one fertilized cell , might very well be ` part of the pupper development cycle ' , but in a generally understood term it 's not a dog , is it ? 
  hard science has very little to say about this considering the actual questions being asked . 
   are you really that thick ? 
  maybe you 're the one who needs to see the bigger picture here ? 
  that 's just you saying it is a human being . 
  a zygote is a fertilized cell . 
  that 's it . 
  attaching the full meaning of ` human being ' to it is you , pretending it 's under the guise of scientific consensus . 
   every zygote is a human being says who ? 
  that 's my point . 
  this thread has been hardcore invaded by trumpists and alt-right scumbags . 
  there is no flaw in his way of thinking since the whole ` when does an embryo become a person ' is an as-of-yet grey area of dispute . 
  some people think a fertilized egg already constitutes a person . 
  others , such as myself , would disagree . 
  sanctuary , mate . 
  not sanction ( s ) , greece has had enough of those in recent times :p, 
  yeah , nilfgaard makes me think of hre as well . 
  [ oldehove ] ( http://www.laquaroutes.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/oldehove.jpg ) wants to join this club . 
  after the politician beating , is this the part where we bring some kind of pre-ordained greeting and cheer ? 
  it 's not as if i 'm surprised by that , but the hilariously blatant `` all religions are false but mine ! '', 
  was so stereotypical that , as specified , i could n't tell if he was serious or not . 
  well yeah , they 're generally still assholes by any humanist measurement . 
  but i suppose they 're also a product of their environment . 
  like global nouveau riche from a very trashy upbringing . 
  that 's where i think we disagree . 
  as much of a bunch of ( generally speaking ) asshole opportunists pandering to zealots the saudi royals are , the religious zealots they are pandering to are a lot worse , and without the saudi royals , the zealots have a good chance of taking power . 
  lesser of two evils thing . 
  it 's not as if i 'm surprised by that , but the hilariously blatant `` all religions are false but mine ! '', 
  was so stereotypical that , as specified , i could n't tell if he was serious or not . 
  well no , that was n't what i was asking . 
  your understanding of the situation seems to be quite good , actually , compared to most in this thread . 
  it 's just that your original comment comes across as one of those typical ` fuck the saudis ! ', 
  comments that do n't really take into account of what would happen there if the royals were n't in the saddle . 
  that said , there are also saudi royals who are genuinely invested in trying to modernize their country .
