  that adds a lot of context and credibility to the threats imo . 
  if a 12 year old boy would threaten me online with photoshopped pictures i 'd be a lot less nervous than when it is a 44 year old convicted murderer . 
  fun fact : according to the volkskrant ( dutch source : http://www.volkskrant.nl/binnenland/dertig-dagen-cel-voor-beledigen-koning-willem-alexander~a4339835/ ) , the man is a convicted murderer and was under official investigation for radicalization/being a potential threat . 
  it certainly was n't just some random edgelord . 
   you say like it 's something good . 
  i do n't think libel should go unpunished , no . 
  you should be able to call the king a dork , a noob , a fuckface cumstain asshole if you want . 
  but straight up saying someone is a murderer and rapist is n't edgy insults anymore , it 's not making a point , it 's not satire , it 's not comedy . 
  add to that the photoshopped pictures and the juicy detail that this man was earlier convicted to 12 years of prison and tbs for murdering his wife and under official investigation because of potential radicalization ... 
  i mean , it 's not like this was just some edgy 17 yr old writing shit on facebook who had the book thrown at him . 
  if a convicted murderer would be calling me heinous things on fb and photoshopped pictures making it look as if i was getting beheaded , you bet your ass i would go to the police . 
  but as the king is n't really ` allowed ' to do that personally , i have no problem with the prosecution cracking down on this fuckknuckle . 
  for a civil case the disadvantaged party needs to press charges or sue . 
  something that a lot of royalty do n't do . 
  just like publically stating political opinions . 
  cos he ai n't as smart as you and me ? 
  dude , i do n't think the person from ** puerto rico ** is particularly distraught over the brexit vote ... 
  prosecuted , not persecuted . 
  there 's a difference . 
  the thing is that for a civil suit , the king himself would have to file charges . 
  but that 's a ` not done ' thing for a lot of ( european ) royalty . 
  they do n't give public political opinions nor do they sue people . 
  so that this falls into hands of the public prosecution is n't that weird . 
  the ` l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 ' thing is probably the only way they could charge the guy without getting the monarchy * directly * involved . 
  i 'm also not allowed to go on facebook and using * your * real name , write that you are a murderer and a rapist . 
  free speech = / = libel and slander ( smaad/laster ), 
   libel , hate speech , threats , libel/slander would probably end up in civil court , not criminal court . 
  but what the dutch king or queen is ` allowed ' to do in public is limited , so instead of personally bringing a lawsuit against the offender , it 's handled through the public prosecutor . 
  and tbh i 'm okay with that . 
  keeps the head of state out of the mess , which is kinda the point of similar rules about kings and queens being prohibited from sharing strong ( political ) opinions in public ; just as the british queen does n't state publically what she thought of the brexit vote for example . 
  it would likely be a civil suit , but you 'd have a very strong case , yes . 
  but he did n't write `` wim lex is an ugly bastard '' or `` fuck the king '' . 
  he described him as a murderer and rapist . 
  you 're not allowed to write blatant untrue accusations about any other dutch citizen . 
  i ca n't go on facebook and write `` savois-faire '' ( your real name ) is a murderer and a rapist '' either . 
  you 'd have a good civil case against me then , and rightfully so . 
  well , i 'm a republican in heart and soul , but there 's nothing weird about this , guys . 
  `` the 44-year-old , who spent 14 days in custody after his arrest and so will not go back to prison , was found guilty of deliberately insulting the king by describing him on facebook as a murderer , rapist and thief . '', 
  you 're not allowed to do that * to anyone * , regardless of whether he 's king or not . 
  that 's libel . 
  i ca n't go on facebook and write `` jan de vries of koekstraat 98 is a pedophile who abuses young boys '' . 
  libel and slander is libel and slander ; regardless of who it is directed against . 
  and given the fact that our king is technically prohibited from speaking out in public on such matters and as such ` defend himself ' , this conviction does n't ring my alarm bells at all , * despite * my deeprooted republicanism . 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://www.demorgen.be/nieuws/dertig-dagen-cel-voor-nederlander-die-willem-alexander-beledigt-ba57a8b8/ ) is supposed to be the content of the actual post : `` hij is een moordenaar , ik niet !, 
  hij is een onderdaan , ik niet '' which translates into : `` he is a murderer , i 'm not !, 
  he is a rapist , i 'm not !, 
  he is an oppressor , i 'm not !, 
  he is a thief , i 'm not !, 
  he is a subject , i 'm not ! '', 
  so as we can see , it 's not exactly part of an essay on the evils of colonialism , nor is it witty critique , nor is it even critique or an attempt at comedy . 
  it 's mostly angry shouting , discovered during a security investigation prior to the king 's visit to a town that 's quite close to where the convicted man lives . 
  said man , by the way , [ has a prior conviction of 12 years and tbs for murdering his wife . 
  ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/binnenland/dertig-dagen-cel-voor-beledigen-koning-willem-alexander~a4339835/ ) so it 's not like there is no important context here . 
  ( both sources in dutch , sry ), 
  as a non-conservative , i 'm inclined to say the latter . 
  if there 's one thing conservatives globally do n't enjoy conserving , it 's nature . 
  nah , it 's probably the blatant strawman that gets you downvotes , since i 'm not seeing op calling for all out war with russia . 
  unless you take his cheeky nickname at face value of course . 
  but that would be stupid , so surely you would n't . 
  do you guys not know how freaking popular that show was ( and still is , i guess ? ) ? 
  seems i was n't the only one who thought this was a joke upon reading the title = /, 
  plagiarists and george michael cracked me up . 
   that 's probably true but virtually every western bank has or has had a person that identifies as a jew in power at some level . 
  no doubt , but they do n't have jewy names like `` goldman-sachs '' . 
  that , coupled with their prominence and ability to be legitimate fuckfaces ( like so many financial institutions ) , is most of the reason they have such a bad name i think . 
  even more so when it appears that barroso was hired by gs explicitly to help them deal with the whole brexit situation . 
  in that context it 's hardly a irrational thing to do . 
  if gs needs advice and expertise regarding the financial implications of the brexit , barroso is actually a good candidate for that . 
  no one hires a 60yr old to work physical labour in the first place . 
  white flight is quite a specific thing that needs to be examined in its specific context , it does n't work as an umbrella concept that is unilaterally applicable . 
  ghettoes are a function of poverty . 
  always were , always will be . 
  you do n't need ` ethnic diversity ' to have ghettoes ; it 's a socio-economic issue . 
   fetus is a gain for mother as well not for the mother , for the species . 
  natural selection gives no fucks about the individual . 
  italian immigrants are the exact reason italian food is so popular , man . 
  sushi is a much more recent thing and significantly less omnipresent than pizza and pasta . 
  and even then often tied to japanese ex-pats . 
  without indian immigration to the uk , i 'm sure there 'd be a few indian restaurants here and there , but it would n't even be close to how culturally ingrained a ` tikka massala ' is in the uk these days . 
  that 's kind of why i specifically added the republic , though . 
  relative religious tolerance coupled with the start of cooperation between the classes of our society ( mostly to keep our feet dry !, 
  do you think that without immigration from the indian subcontinent that the english food landscape would have so many indian flavours ? 
  there is no ` indian mcdonalds ' ( mcdesis ?! ), 
  that can just walk into a new market and do its franchise thing . 
  because it makes society more interesting , more open-minded and more aware of the larger world around them . 
  these are positive traits to have . 
  am biased , but would like to add the dutch republic to that list of important influences . 
  i do n't think that europeans in general , outside of a small minority of actual racists ( which you 'll find in any society or civilisation ) , have anything against diversity or the idea of a heterogeneous society . 
  but it comes with the demand that the additions do fit the mould to a certain extent . 
  there 's nothing wrong with adding different fish to the aquarium , but the species of fish do have to be able to co-exist properly ; share the same , broadly at least , morals and mindset . 
  if that 's not the case and in addition to that , the diversity is sometimes ` forced ' upon the system despite incongruences , people will not like it , and rightfully so . 
   it was supposed to be invisible . 
  not if you leave the bomb bay doors open . 
  i 'm too busy raping and murdering to hear you . 
  because that 's what people who are from not-your-country do . 
  ship 's name helped with the googling . 
  it 's amazing you can squeeze in big words such as ` superficial heuristics ' but have no problem making the mother of all generalizing hateful assumptions , then accuse someone else of mental deficiencies . 
  quite spectacular . 
  i 'm done talking to you . 
  i have people to rape and murder to get what i want .
