  not just outright get rid of the water . 
  and just chucking rocks in the sea also is n't as easy as it sounds . 
  depending on the local maritime conditions , sea bottoms can shift a lot , and take with them whatever is on top . 
  the polders of nl have withstood the test of time . 
  it remains to be seen if more modern reclaimed land ( such as in china , the gulf , etc ) can say the same . 
  we used to , in the past , but we pawned that problem off to our flemish brothers . 
  yeah , that 's what clicked for me when you called it ` dealerport ' . 
  `` kopen '' is the dutch word for `` buying '' ( to buy ) . 
  `` kaufen '' is the german version . 
  so the notion that the danish `` k\u00f8ben '' is pretty much the same thing is fairly logical . 
  i guess we need a dane to clear it up for us . 
  where 's one when you need one ? 
  newport at merchantsport ? 
  newport at copenport ? 
  did you change username/account ? 
  there was a greek flaired mod with that exact same arthur flair ... 
  how does moose taste ? 
  what is it most equivalent to ? 
  game recognize game , my neezy !, 
  i think ` hatred of mosquitoes ' is the biggest thing that i can bond over with scandinavians . 
  even more so than the love of alcohol . 
  some of the vids in this thread are close to my room 101 experience . 
  ah , i would 've never guessed that :(, 
  it 's ` crap ' , is n't it ? 
  your password ? 
  im on to you !, 
  ridiculous, 
  maybe even the same password :o, 
  axis of kinku, 
   my thanks goes out to neelie kroes one of the very few vvd ` ers i do n't loathe outright !, 
  go back to t_d . 
  that 's where trump tumors belong . 
  stale copy pasta , way over its sell-by date . 
  actually , it started with the compatibility of ` extremist ' christians , or at least christians with extreme beliefs , and modern western values . 
  not with how influential christianity has been with regard to x and y. 
  of course it was very influential in general , i never denied that . 
  but when it comes to the core of what i would consider modern western values and what i would consider extreme christian beliefs , the little bit of cross-over there is does not warrant earlier statements of yours such as :  i think people are also underestimating the capacity for extremely serious christian beliefs to not only coincide but indeed support many modern values of individual freedom . 
  especially when said without any serious caveats . 
  yes , extremely serious christians do support many modern values of individual freedom . 
  they are also heavily opposed to many other modern values of individual freedom ; values that have been broadened or even created * despite * christianity . 
  it 's not difficult to find overlaps between the entire christian beliefs spectrum and modern values . 
  there are plenty . 
  however , what to me you seem to be doing is ascribe all of those overlaps to christian influence ( which i think is shortsighted ) , whilst ignoring all the modern values we have despite staunch , very staunch , christian opposition . 
  i think we have a very different idea of what * modern * ( western ) values entail ... 
  of course , there are several differences and you highlighted the most important one , but they 're both cases of a small bunch of nutters suddenly getting influence because they 're needed for an effective majority . 
  your connections and conclusions are simply incredibly shaky and black-and-white . 
  it 's not that there 's not a core of truth , but you extrapolate very hasty and unnuanced conclusions from it , * especially * within the context of what the debate was initially about . 
  that some 17th century christian fanatics really liked private property hardly qualifies them as a contributing value to modern western morals and values of much larger size than burdgeoning renaissance and enlightenment thought . 
  which is also something you claimed . 
  not only are you insinuating that the examples you listed were somehow exclusive to christian zealots , but you 're insinuating that the paltry little collection of examples you 've raised blows enlightenment contributions that ultimately gave us humanism out of the water . 
  to that i can react merely with laughter , as it 's the umpteenth christian apologist i 've seen to pull that specific `` loose yet exclusive association '' type of play . 
  if you reee just a * little * bit harder , your victim complex might actually physically materialize , it 's that dense . 
  this is `` gedoogsteun [ sgp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reformed_political_party ) '' all over again !, 
   to stop speaking past me and realise that i was not saying anything about the entirety of the modern us , but responding to your demand of a concrete example of serious christian beliefs coinciding and producing values that we deem ` modern ' . 
  still no response to that . 
  wtf ? 
  so where are these ` serious christian beliefs ' that coincide and produce values that we deem modern ? 
  nothing about the early north-american immigrants have anything to do with modern values . 
  what are you on about  yes , and i covered that too when i referred to the intensely christian society that the 13 colonies were affording people like that freedoms above and beyond what was afforded before . 
  so , at the very least it supports my original point about a intensely christian society having the capacity to coincide with modern values of pluralism and tolerance this is a bad troll , surely ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
   no i am not what ? 
  yes , you are . 
  otherwise your example either does n't make sense or you misunderstood my initial point . 
  hell , most of the american ` founding fathers ' were fairly mild theists . 
  and that 's already almost 250 years ago . 
  you 're invoking even earlier times with the ` settled by extremists ' point , then you bring up the modern usa as an example of how ` extreme christian beliefs that support modern values of individual freedom ' . 
  you 're basically ignoring everything that happens from the 16th century until the modern day . 
  then you still have the gall to pretend you have so much wisdom and that i 'm the one who needs to open a book . 
  you 're trying to pawn off the entire modern usa as a product of christian extremists , then you have the gall to accuse me of a limited understanding of history . 
  ah , claiming the entirety of the modern usa as a `` christian product '' . 
  typical . 
   the fact that i need to point this out shows once again your poor grasp on history . 
  now you 're just adding unsubstantiated snark to your own shitty interpretations of history , forced into a pro-christian mould . 
  typical . 
  also , considering what the original point was about , you 've done an absolutely grand job at moving the goalposts . 
   i think people are also underestimating the capacity for extremely serious christian beliefs to not only coincide but indeed support many modern values of individual freedom . 
  give me an example then . 
  a concete example . 
  this  you come from a country that formed so much of its spirit and traditions from the wrestlings within christianity is not one . 
   ... indicates a very shaky grasp on history . 
  sure thing , buddy . 
  let 's go back to the heavily christian ( and esp catholic ) approved ancien regime then . 
  very modern , much moral . 
  if i wished to be \u00fcber-cynical i 'd go on a little rant how the fundie christians such as yourself always jump on the opportunity to wallow in the victim role . 
  that massive eternal persecution complex so typcial to christianity . 
  instead , i think i 'm gon na watch the canadian gp qualifying . 
   one kills and enslaves , the other sacrafizes himself . 
  if this is your view of islam vs christianity , you are in such blatant denial of reality that i do n't know where to fucking start . 
  so i do n't . 
  simple . 
  ca n't reason you out of a position you never reasoned yourself into in the first place . 
  that 's not a personal attack . 
  that 's me going `` nope , not doing this again '' . 
   i think people are also underestimating the capacity for extremely serious christian beliefs to not only coincide but indeed support many modern values of individual freedom . 
  so far , pickings have been very slim . 
  i also think the emergence of humanism did a lot more for our current 21st century european morals and values than christianity ever did . 
  fundamentalist christian philosophy put into policy certainly has the potential to damage a lot of people . 
  maybe not as directly as a knife to the throat , but still . 
  let 's not pretend that a party such as the dup would go all `` eh , live and let live ! '',
