  `` because they do n't share our enlightenment born western values ! '', 
  `` what are we going to do about it ?! '', 
  `` throw some of those values out of the window ! '', 
  -_- of course , integration failure is a massive problem , but these kind of buffoonish solutions just make me facepalm . 
   sartorial well , there 's a word i 've never heard before . 
  welcome to the mental library , little guy !, 
   calling it marriage is not a fight that 's worth fighting . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
   and despite what your opinion on the matter is even religious people have some rights to get their opinions heard . 
  absolutely , but with that comes the responsibility of accepting there 's a chance that people are going to think their opinions are illogical or bigoted . 
  setting up different avenues for man + woman marriage and homo ` civil unions ' does n't seem very efficient either , plus it taunts the idea of civic equality , only to pander to religious conservatives who think they own the word or sometimes even the sheer concept of ` marriage ' . 
  well okay , but certainly that 's a different kettle of fish than being suspected , and possibly found guilty , of murder and terror attacks ? 
  16mo suspended for cutting a dead guy 's head off is definitely different than 18mo suspended for ` murder , terror and war crimes ' as the article states . 
  what did he do ? 
  i ca n't read finnish, 
  cheers for the details , copain, 
  but look , we have kooky militias too : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4zis7s/germany_3_wounded_in_shootout_with_antigovt/, 
  well , i 'll take your word for it then . 
  we 're talking about kooky militias , not napoleon , ww2 , or tsarist russia . 
  lavoy finicum did n't help your reputation here , as that is still fresh in our memory , and he was n't even * that * deep into the rabbit hole . 
  how the actual fuck would firearms have helped in the rotherham pedo ring scandal ? 
  i do n't even ... 
  lol , what the fuck , france ? 
  get your shit together . 
   that 's not espoused by anyone here . 
  you can safely say that out of the 320 + million americans , * no one * thinks that ? 
  really ? 
  you sound like a triggered american gun nut , for real . 
   just like sheltering yourself from the real world makes you feel safer ? 
  i was actually about to google that fbi study for you , but you know what ? 
  i 'm not going to bother with you . 
  think about it in a practical sense : even though islam has a very bad reputation right now , and partially not undeserved , the amount of straight up bigotry against muslims is also significant . 
  imagine a white bigot being confronted with two identifiably muslim police officers . 
  with all the potential problems arising from this ( aggression , refusal to heed their legitimacy as officers , you name it ) , it has the potential to be an unnecessary drain on resources . 
  and one can think of plenty scenarios where the legitimacy of a police officer wearing visible religious symbols can suffer , not because the officer is this or that , but because the civilian ( s ) involved with said officers are making it an issue , whether negatively ( `` i do n't speak to jews '' ) or positively ( `` i want to talk to a muslim officer ! '' ) . 
  in a better society where religious bigotry would be at an absolute minimum , i would undoubtedly give much less of a shit if ` agents of the state ' ( god i love that term ) wore religious symbols . 
  but in unfortunate times where religious tension can be high , i think the government should make an effort to be outwardly neutral . 
  that does n't mean that there ca n't be compromises when a person wishes to speak to an officer of a similar faith ; if that can be arranged and it would be efficient , there 's no harm at all , and possibly only benefit , in doing so . 
  but i do n't think we should give ( prejudiced ) people an easy cause to go there right off the bat . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://images6.fanpop.com/image/photos/35100000/tai-yes-yes-yes-digimon-35182916-500-281.jpg ), 
  agreed . 
  eesti will have to make sacrifices in order to into nordic . 
  one thing i 've picked up from actually sane and responsible american gun owners , is that there 's a huge shortcoming with enforcing laws that are already on the books . 
  there 's no point in trying to come up with new legislation if the current one ca n't even be accurately judged to be efficient or not . 
  and without improvements in the government 's ability to enforce the laws , any new legislation will be just as doomed to linger in effiency-purgatory . 
  you 're talking about yemen now . 
  i 'm not disputing what happens there , it 's just that bombing campaigns in a neighbouring country are generally not what people think of when they say `` government x is oppressing its own people '' . 
  if a group of peaceful protesters would get together in riyadh and demand democratic reforms , they will be confronted by police , not bombed by tornados . 
  one low ranking intelligence officer that operated on his own accord . 
  i wo n't be losing sleep over that if the condition of it being a fair trial would be met . 
  if the guy is a war criminal that preyed upon the iraqi people , the iraqi courts in iraq should be where he is tried , judged and potentially sentenced . 
  either that or ship the fucker off to a ` unified ' war criminal prison that runs on un funding . 
  oh that 's why you guys are looking forward to this !, 
  eesti could finally literally into nordic !, 
  well , in the case of saudi arabia , the islamists in power are keeping the * significantly worse * islamists ** from ** power . 
  if people thought the fall of saddam , ghaddaffi and potentially assad have let the jihadist genie out of the bottle , they 're in for one helluva shock should the current saudi regime ( the actual saudis , the house of saud ) crumble , because you do n't even want to know what the saudis are keeping in check at home . 
  a significant amount of the cruel and barbaric legislation in place in the ksa is literally pandering to its fundamentalist , and very influential , religious bodies . 
  i think his point is that traditionally speaking , ` oppressing ' your own people calls to mind authoritarian legislation , striking down civil dissent and protest , secret police , unfair courts , etc. 
  all things that a fighter-bomber is ... not particularly useful for . 
  oh , hellinn is so obviously better !, 
  either that , or helter skallterinki, 
  obviously , if one thing is allowed , so is the other . 
  i 'm not saying * only * the police hijab should be banned , yet sikh turbans or yarmulkes should be allowed . 
  that would be exceptionally hypocritical . 
  i do n't think a police officer should ` wear ' any external indication of their personal belief , if only because every citizen * should * treat every police officer equally , regardless of faith or creed . 
  but externally displaying the faith of a police officer can easily be ammunition for bigots to demand different treatment . 
  agents of the state should maintain an impartial and unbiased image at all times . 
  no exceptions . 
  just as undesirable imo . 
  though ofc , if they are allowed , so should be this police hijab thing , but in general i would say such things are highly , highly undesirable . 
  just no . 
  absolutely undesirable . 
  `` agents of the state '' ( ooh , ominous term ! ), 
  should at all times have an impartial and unbiased appearance . 
  even if the two muslima rozzers in question were literally the perfect coppers , the * image * would still be undesirable . 
  e : as i understand , police sikhs in scotland are already allowed to wear a variation on the uniform , so in that vein , there 's zero ground to disallow the police hijab . 
  on a base line though , i do n't want to see either of them , nor jewish or shi n'to or animist or voodoo or pastafarian hats . 
  can you give me one actual example of someone convicted of war crimes and murder in the middle east civil wars and serving something akin to an 18 month suspended bid ? 
  because i 've been seeing a lot of people say stuff like this , but i do n't recall actual convicted war criminals getting a ridiculous sentence such as that . 
  i would surmise that , dependent on variations in legislation from state to state , that a ccl would also be the most difficult to obtain and most rigorously checked , relative to other firearms permissions in the us ? 
  ( well , apart from class iii or destructive device shit ), 
  i had a funny picture of a ` vodka trap ' but automod removed it because of the link :(, 
  absolutely true , but when we are talking about the news article that says :  ' europeans in a number of countries are seeking to arm themselves with guns and self-defence devices in growing numbers following a series of attacks by militants and the mentally ill . ' i think that clearly shows that the attacks that people worry about here are not muggers and burglars , but terrorists and spree shooters . 
  well , he 's not completely wrong ... though it ignores the notion that there are plenty of reasons in europe to own a firearm . 
  sportshooting , hunting , collecting , self-defense in some specific cases . 
  all valid reasons to have guns . 
  but guns to protect ourselves from terror attack ? 
  eeeh , that 's the kind of gunslinger hero narrative so often espoused by kooky militias from the us . 
  normal utility knives are probably legal . 
  i think most countries have a blade limit size ? 
  now imagine naval battles , where dozens of ships armed with dozens of large cannons fired at each other again and again . 
  plenty of instances where they had to stop firing cos they literally could n't see shit anymore . 
  literal ` fog of war ' . 
   big problem lol . 
  yes . 
  big problem . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  okay , i 'm not going to continue this discussion if you keep insisting that calling them anything else than isis is an immediate and deliberately dishonest attempt at denying the relations between daesis and islam . 
  that way , anyone who does n't use the term that you think should be used , is automatically an apologist . 
  i 'm not going to play that game .
