  please remember , people , robert conquest 's numbers have been pretty much debunked for a while now ... 
  probably true , but keep in mind that only a few paintings from the op depict ` peasants ' . 
  the urban scenes include quite a few non-peasant socio-economic classes . 
  that would be cool !, 
  what they depict is probably a little bit idealized and ` cleaned up ' in some cases , but overall they offer a fascinating visual in how things looked back then . 
  like a colour photograph . 
   do you think all those ex-baath-officers in the is military want to live in an islamist hell ? 
  they 'd achieve power by terror and then become as liberal as the saudi regime . 
  we might see a division within isis between the true believers and the opportunists . 
  but do n't underestimate the true believers in the higher isis cadres . 
  they really do believe the fundamentalist nonsense that they spout . 
  besides , their view of theocracy has themselves as the ruling class as well , so it 's not like they 'd have to live in rags . 
  there are plenty of liberals in sa . 
  not a majority , not even a plurality , but they 're there . 
  good luck finding them amongst isis though . 
   people who use that are usually even more sheepish in a way that they do n't even bother checking facts or looking at whole political picture even worse , the whole conspiracy bubble is a * market * . 
  alex jones is a goddamn millionaire . 
  the ` wake up sheeple ' crowd are quite literally being exploited by the peddlers of paranoia , purely for financial gain . 
  contribute to the fall of the house of saud and you 'll see real fast what a ` succesful isis ' would look like . 
  they 'll make the house of saud look like fucking choir boys . 
  you forget to mention that the ksa 's theocracy is in a large part due to the saudis having to pander to the religious fundamentalists in saudi society . 
  the ksa and the house of saud are quite interesting in that they 're not ` traditional ' oppressive regimes that oppress an unwilling populace . 
  a small number of low ranking intelligence officers does not ` the saudi government ' make . 
  im getting the tar and feathers, 
  but according to [ this ] ( http://www.rechtschreibtipps.de/albtraum.php ) both variants are accepted . 
  does n't it mean nightmare ? 
  my dictionary says it means nightmare . 
  i just checked . 
  so , i gave you your numbers 3 hours ago , showing it 's not just gut feeling . 
  do you have anything else to say ? 
  lol and again with the downvotes . 
  fuck this sub sometimes . 
   i do understand your point , though , that apparently arbitrary mass murder spreads the fear more widely than when the murders are apparently targeted . 
  that , however , is n't something we should be particularly proud of ... 
  certainly is n't , but i do think the distinction should be made . 
  it works the opposite way as well . 
  if an islamic terror group with a clear political aim to get western boots off of islamic soil starts attacking european/american military and political targets , they 're still assholes , but they would/should be judged differently than a group that murders a hundred people at an eagles of death metal concert for no other reason than ` they 're westerners ' . 
  now you ruined it :(, 
  they got stabbed but they 're unhurt ?!, 
  damn belgium , what are your cops made out of ? 
  well the pira itself is clocking in at 1700/1800 people killed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/provisional_irish_republican_army_campaign#casualties this is , of course , over a nearly 3 decade period . 
  eta is around 800 + people killed since ' 61 . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_eta_attacks again , an even longer time period , hence the big numbers . 
  that 's 2500 at least for just the two of them . 
   there were more groups active in the 70s and 80s who did n't care though . 
  the people behind the bologna massacre were just as indiscriminate as the paris attackers . 
  i 'm not saying all terrorist attacks during these periods were somehow ` civil ' . 
  pira and eta did n't always give advance warning either and they have plenty of straight up murders to their name . 
  however , if we 're looking at the pure numbers , the overwhelming majority of european deaths to terrorism during those times were from pira and eta activities , so it 's not weird that , within the context of the amount of fatalities , i would focus on those two groups . 
   it 's because you 're passing off all the political violence of the 70 's and 80 's as exclusively the fault of eta and the ira when in reality there was a whole host of factions of various ideologies carrying out attacks all over europe during the time period , see previous argument  your post can also be interpreted as apologist towards eta and the ira . 
  then those people need to get their head checked . 
  e : no idea why this is so heavily downvoted ... 
  well , i would make a distinction between isis-inspired people ( often acting alone or in a loose group ) and real terror cells , such as the scum that carried out the bataclan attacks . 
  the hebdo thing was even somewhat unique in very recent history , since it carried a lot of symbolic value . 
  been a while since we 've seen that . 
  suffice to say however , that phoning in a car bomb , quite common for pira and eta actions , is not something we 're going to see soon from jihadis . 
   ( but i agree with you , i do n't understand why your comment is `` controversial '' ) it was for a while shortly after posting it , not anymore though . 
  and more downvotes with no reply . 
  keep it up , you classy fuckers . 
  you : `` i just want to buy a ticket to krakow :( '', 
  because he is an alt-righter ( check comment history ) , so this massive , corrupt conspiracy against his in-group is a staple of the ideology . 
  ca n't be mad if you do n't have diabolical enemies . 
  and if your enemies are n't diabolical enough , well then , they can be made to be so . 
  a bit of r/conspiracy , a dash of infowars , a sprinkling of limbaugh and conservative talk show radio and there you go . 
  obama was a kenyan mooslim , did n't you know ? 
  eh , russian traffic . 
  in be4 conspiracy theories ( actually , in after looking at the other reply , though it may be in jest that one ) . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree , but ... * so * ? 
  the original talking point was deaths from terrorist attacks , and even though the decades long involvement of ( p ) ira and eta ( and groups such as raf , brigate rosse ) have claimed a significant number of casualties , comparing those groups with the relatively new phenomenon of jihadi terrorism does merit a few caveats , which prompted me to write that initial post . 
  i vehemently disagree . 
  on a per-incident basis , the casualties of islamic terrorists are exceptionally high compared to troubles/eta periods . 
  the difference is the amount of individual attacks . 
  in addition to that , civilian casualties were the minority with pira and eta attacks . 
  both organizations were much more focused on attacking security forces and people active in the political sphere . 
  if we look purely at * civilian * casualties , the islamic terrorists are close to already leading that ` race ' ... ( depends a bit if you count lockerbie or not ) . 
  i would n't call the bataclan attack underwhelming at all . 
  nor the attacks in london or madrid , with around 50 and 200 killed respectively . 
  edit : downvote within 2 minutes ... nice, 
  with the plethora of things you have to be upset about , i would n't rank the flairs on r/europe as deserving of much energy and attention . 
  i know this is kicking in open doors here , but your anger should be focused at your compatriots , your politicians and your media system . 
  not some flair on r/europe . 
  with the difference of course that neither ( p ) ira nor eta ever had the strategy of causing as many civilian casualties as possible . 
  modern islamic terrorists are working from the principle of maximum carnage . 
  they do n't phone in and go ` oi guv , we 've put a massive bomb in manchester city centre , better piss off there ' . 
  edit : fascinating that this comment is now ` controversial ' . 
  i do n't exactly see where i said anything even remotely untrue here ... 
  reported for inciting goaticide . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  not just that , but blm is mostly about the police and its strategies and tactics and mentalities . 
  uk police and us police are such worlds apart that it 's just ... the connection is as thin as a strand of spider 's silk . 
   many women think and act based on their emotions , no logic allowed . 
  oh shit it 's 2016 you ca n't say that . 
  vote for hillary !, 
  in contrast with her levelheaded and calm opponent , who can easily be triggered with a tweet ? 
  aight man . 
  the whole notion of ` we do n't have leaders and that 's our strength ' is proving to be a pretty big fucking weakness in my eyes . 
  it allows any affiliated person to easily discredit the movement by saying some dumbass shit , in addition to much weaker self-policing . 
  i 'd be wary of the washington times , however . 
  it also says it * aims * to get 100m in funding , not that they have it already .
