true , it is a syndrome . 
  17th century !, 
  dutchland rule the world !, 
  their own judgement can fit the ideology . 
  `` but it can be incredibly tiresome when people do not want to discuss things but rather try to prove you wrong whatever you say in a very elitist manner . '', 
  the guy you 're quoting is just as guilty of this with his ` leftists are imbeciles ' spiel . 
  if all leftists are naive imbeciles , all rightists are heartless corporate shills . 
  this is how reactionary populism gets fuelled ... by retarded sentence motivations such as this . 
  and then what ? 
  follow each individual 24/7 for the rest of their lives ? 
  you do n't have to actually rape a child to be committed as a pedophile . 
  but i see that you would be fine with a conference about how to best rape children or kill people ? 
  after all , they 're just talking about it , right ? 
  redpossum , shewolf of the sas !, 
  that 's such a dumbass argument . 
  a child-rapist also ` holds views i do n't agree with ' , namely that little kids are hot and should be fucked . 
  still locking him up , are n't we ? 
  `` here 's a picture of a presumably historical figure '' `` here 's how and when you can and should beat your wife '' one of these is an incitement to violence . 
  the other is not . 
   free speech does n't differ at all . 
  it 's the same in china as it is in brazil . 
  no , that 's just speech at that point . 
  shoot , beat , stab , herd them in a church and burn , the einsatzgruppen used whatever methods they could . 
  in the later war years , the nazis had a process that was industrial . 
  prior to that , einsatzgruppen engaged in plenty of old school manual killing , using whichever methods pleased them . 
  even if you * have * sources , which i do n't dispute , surely there would 've been some germans who were indeed appalled at the actions of the ustase , your initial comment was literally a blanket statement about `` the germans thought that ... '' . 
  that 's a massive generalization within a very complex context and an awful choice of words . 
  all of them ? 
  some ? 
  which high command ? 
  politicians ? 
  gauleiters ? 
  what are we talking about here , * exactly * ? 
  a couple of german generals being appalled does `` the germans thought that ... '' not make . 
  plenty of germans thought that about the germans , but you would n't write `` the germans thought the germans went too far with their brutality '' . 
  edit : lol @ downvotes . 
  history is difficult for some it seems . 
  blanket statements are not a part of proper historical research . 
   the germans thought the ustache went overboard with their brutality . 
  some germans , maybe , sure . 
  just as some germans thought the germans went too far with their brutality . 
  but `` the germans '' as a whole ? 
  yeah , no . 
  very much no . 
  lol, 
   yes you 've shown i was correct from the start . 
  you are amusing . 
  of course you are correct if you decide on your own accord how to interpret my words  which is what you 're doing . 
  you 've made up your mind that i actively dislike something , even though i never said i did , and there 's no dissuading you . 
  of course you 're right in that way , dear . 
  anyone can be . 
   this of course coming from a guy who does nothing but post xenophobic ethnocentric nonsense . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j87oc/swedish_party_in_uturn_on_nato_membership/cun6awi epic, 
  by the way , for a user with absolute gems such as [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j87oc/swedish_party_in_uturn_on_nato_membership/cun6awi ) in his post history , you really should be last fucking guy to speak about someone else 's perceived ` ethnocentric xenophobia ' . 
  national anthems at sporting events make sense in an international context . 
  usa vs canada hockey ? 
  sure , anthems . 
  germany vs spain football ? 
  sure , anthems . 
  it 's nation vs nation . 
  makes sense . 
  why have the anthem at a domestic sporting event , though ? 
  you do n't play or sing the anthem when you buy bread or fill up your car , do you ? 
  before you step in the shower in the morning ? 
  if , upon arrival at your place of work , you would suddenly bust out singing the anthem , your co-workers would give you a funny look , no ? 
  i would say that use of the national anthem outside of official and/or international situations is indeed an overt form of nationalism , yes . 
  i feel this is somewhat undeniable actually . 
  the more a national anthem is incorporated into aspects of normal life , the more nationalistic the vibe gets . 
  depends completely how it is done . 
  being moderately proud of your country , wanting to help improve it in word and deed , practically and intellectually , are great characteristics . 
  thinking your nation is the greatest in the world without any self-reflection is retarded . 
  nationalism can be good and bad . 
  i do n't see how anyone could get harmed by singing an anthem . 
  but it 's definitely weird to make such a big deal out of the anthem at domestic , apolitical events . 
  has the awful xenophobe explained his position enough now ? 
  you are very liberally interpreting my words through your own lense and you are completely convinced you are right . 
  loving it . 
  do n't worry , he played the same ` ethnocentric xenophobe ' , ad verbatim , spiel on me . 
  i think he just learned a new word today or something . 
   which means only one thing , that you find it wrong . 
  that 's fully and completely your interpretation of my words . 
  if you wish to take my amazement and turn it into dislike , then that 's on you . 
  you 're now pretending to know what i thought when i wrote that comment . 
  you are literally putting words in my mouth . 
  i never even said i find it ` wrong ' that the national anthem is played at college sports events . 
  i expressed my amazement about it within the context of a conversation about nationalism . 
  that 's all i did . 
  then you barged in with your ` xenophobia ' and other allegations . 
  also , `` being irrationally judgmental , xenophobic and ethnocentric '' really ? 
  i mean , really ? 
  who are you , the emperor of exxageration ? 
  holy shit . 
  why are you so incredibly judgemental ? 
  based on literally a few sentences on the internet . 
  reddit is full of these types recently . 
  and geert is not my name . 
  i know what xenophobia means . 
  however , i 've never seen it used in such a hilariously liberal way as you just did . 
  hell , you finding my opinion on overuse of national anthems unpalatable is xenophobic !, 
  stop being xenophobic towards my opinion , you fascist !,
