  everyone would act like they do n't wan na do the tunnels . '' . 
  apart from all the things wrong with that argument , the whole concept of deterrence has shown to have fairly little effect , because criminals generally do n't actually expect to get caught . 
  again , this is heavily substantiated by plenty of research . 
  i 'm not just plucking ideas out of my own ass here ...  i find it amusing you see arrogance in this , but not in your bold rebuttals presented with the same amount of backing as my ideas and personal opinions . 
  i 'm not going to do your research for you , sorry . 
  i 'm not going to sit here and educate you on the basics of decades of research into this ; i actually have better things to do than give you an academic lecture here , half of which i probably would n't understand myself . 
  to even suggest that the available data accumulated over the years does not point to ` my ' pov here being more factually correct than yours is , i 'm sorry to say it , laughable . 
  there 's literally mountains of research on this , man . 
  there 's a massive difference between ` not traveling and enjoying the world ' and not being allowed to literally step out the front door ... 
  massive , massive difference ... 
  he 's just talking about regular welfare and subsidies that , yes , a refugee could apply for those after their asylum requests are approved . 
  he 's twisting things to suit his bigoted world view . 
  as we 've come to expect from these people . 
  have you ever been locked up , even a day ? 
   through all of this , not one person has been caught , prosecuted or even jailed but i can tell you that if they were i would not want them to sit in a comfy jail playing computer games all day long ... 
  but that 's not the point i was making . 
  i never said the victims of crimes ` want the perps to play computer games all day long ' . 
  i said that victims of serious crimes are n't that focused on ` hurting ' the perpetrators back in ` retaliation and justice ' for what they did to them . 
  there 's a difference . 
   i am firmly of the belief that this approach is counter productive in the uk as it is mainly seen as a weak , soft approach that criminals approve of because it gives them an easy ride , a few shallow words and they are out sooner , more comfortably and most importantly still just re-offend because there is no longer any deterrent to spending a short stay at ` hmp ' hotels ... you 're just talking out of your ass now . 
  source or gtfo . 
  lol . 
  your ` guaranteed ideas ' are rejected by pretty much all the scientific studies on this subject ... but it 's nice to see that you have a good ` feeling ' about this . 
  come the fuck on , man . 
  you 're literally saying `` oh , i was forced to work in these tunnels for a few months when i was young , so i 'm positive this will totally work as rehabilitation in prison with real hardcase criminals '' . 
  you seem fairly intelligent , you can not be that arrogant . 
  oh piss off . 
   i had forgotten the insults , still , we have slander/defamation laws which can handle those . 
  that 's the thing , though , for a slander/libel/defamation case the victim ( in this case the king ) needs to get * personally * involved . 
  dito when he would file criminal charges for threats . 
  but royalty does n't * do * that ; one of those silly unwritten rules about how they should n't get personally involved . 
  using lese majest\u00e9 here in a final hurrah before it gets canned to throw the book at some idiot * who actually deserves it * is a win in my book . 
  people spout way too much ridiculous shit online that you would n't get away with on the streets . 
   there 's no need for the king to have a special law with a different sanction . 
  and pretty much everyone in this country , * including * the king , agrees and that 's why lese majest\u00e9 is getting scrapped soon . 
   furthermore , we could alter the law to make it possible for the king to be represented by the rvd in bringing criminal charges . 
  that would be a good idea . 
   not if they receive a salary for that work and a shorter sentence for every hour clicked in . 
  it 's not about that , it 's about * how they live * during their time incarcerated . 
  turning them into worker bees , again , is very poor preparation for their return to society . 
  succesfully fighting recidivism involves giving prisoners a semblancy of ` normal life ' in prison , including responsibilities and ` luxuries ' . 
  which can , and should , certainly include work . 
  but in a balanced fasion , not a forced chain gang . 
   what makes you think they do n't ? 
  i am starting to have sincere doubts that you ever experienced serious crime in your life . 
  there 's plenty of psychological research , man ... the notion that retribution is a ` big thing ' for actual victims unilaterally simply does n't hold up . 
  especially for women . 
  victims of horrible gangrapes turn out to not wish the most awful things to happen to the perpetrators . 
  these people are focused on their own trauma , not on what the people who did it to them are doing in jail . 
  you are taking your own personal idea of justice and you are projecting it onto the world at large , assuming that everyone shares your ideas about what justice constitutes on a deeply personal level . 
   i also believe heavy labor , combined with the high living standards and a good social net that europe enjoys , would actually rehabilitate criminals . 
  it 's nice that you * believe * that . 
  do you have any actual scientific evidence that supports this notion ? 
  because years of forced labour without any ` luxuries ' does not prepare people for a return to society . 
  turns out , you ca n't treat human beings as a black & decker for 10 years and then expect them to be functional members of a free society again . 
  forced labour and no ` luxuries ' would work on people who have life imprisonment . 
  it does n't work on people you expect to return to society and there are literal mountains of studies that confirm this . 
   if all this man had done really was post a nazi photo of a cat , this sentence would have been outrageous . 
  in this case it was n't though , as i and others pointed out . 
  i know , i 'm agreeing with you . 
   that man actually got convicted for insulting the king , because he posted a photoshop of several politicians getting decapitated by isis . 
  now you can say whatever you want about this , but the mere fact that the king was among the group of people getting decapitated is what got him convicted for lese-majesty . 
  it was more complicated than that even , but it did n't keep outsiders from claiming the dutch monarchy was oppressing the freedom of speech here . 
  lese majest\u00e9 was the easiest way the prosecution could throw something at the legitimate knucklehead ( who is also a convicted murderer ) without getting the monarch directly and personally involved ( which would be necessary for threats , liber or slander ) . 
  pseudo-intellectual porno for alt-righters ( who are ofc not normal right-wingers ) . 
  sure , i could 've equated it with countless dubious regimes . 
  what makes you think actual victims of crimes give a shit whether their assailants are spending 8hrs a day digging a hole ? 
  do you think forced labour instills a sense of justice in victims other than incarceration itself ? 
  water and bread regime ? 
  torture ? 
  where 's the limit here and why do you put it on forced labour ? 
  seems arbitrary . 
  the good ol' communist approach , i see . 
   even if the loss of freedom was a punishment worthy by itself , it still not nearly enough to be seen as proper justice for the victims . 
  and what would you suggest ? 
  people , esp alt-righters , circlejerk superhard over this shit because , to them , it shows that ` the stupid leftists ' are censoring freedom of speech and whatnot , europe is going down the drain etc. 
  the same shit happens with that lese majest\u00e9 thing we had a while ago . 
  people were turning that into ` dutch king gets man jailed because of insults ' type shit . 
  any context , such as the man in question actually being a fucking nazi , is not desirable . 
  it messes with their safe space narrative where the whole world is bad and only they are good , honest upholders of moral values . 
  your comment being controversial is proof . 
   it was 16 and 20 months if i recall correctly , free food , gym , football , basketball , pc gaming , ps gaming , porn , ( allegedly ) having their dicks sucked by some girly black dude in drag etc. 
  sounds swell , except the part of not being able to leave and no control over your daily rhythm . 
  when you say those guys said it was ` one of the best times of their lives ' , i simply do n't believe that . 
  i think that 's a large part of bravado speaking . 
  either that , or they were two of the most materialistic people in the world to live a very basic existence without freedom and think it was one of the best things ever . 
  or are you suggesting that life in serbia and bulgaria is * so * rough that food and housing are luxuries there ? 
  no matter how nice your shit is , the notion that you can not leave is a very sobering realization , enjoyed by no one except the mentally ill . a golden cage is still a cage . 
  anyone who 's been in one knows that and anyone who says they did n't mind , i think they are liars ; just like people who say they 're not scared in war or combat . 
  a few months ? 
  for gangrape ? 
  unlikely . 
  how long were your acquiantances incarcerated for ? 
  '' `` it is not so much on the individual picture ... but what arises for an impression in the overall context , '' said attorney markus neher . '', 
  article title : `` austria jails man who posted cat making hitler salute photo '' fuck off , telegraph . 
  you vastly underestimate how much it sucks to be locked up . 
  you ca n't lock someone in a nearly empty room for 23 hrs a day either . 
  well , you * can * of course , but it 's not going to have much positive effect . 
   i see the donald people pointing to him as a funder of blm as well but even presuming his intentions are sinister how specifically does he gain . 
  you have to understand that at this point the_donald is quite literally a safe space for severely bigoted conspiracy theorists .
