   sorry , are you suggesting that you hold some monopoly on the gritty real word or that i ca n't possibly know a bob because i have a different opinion than you ? 
  no , i 'm saying that actual therapists come up with these ideas because of the things they encounter in their profession . 
  and that maybe they have some insight that most of us average joes are missing . 
   we never know whether bob is going to hang himself . 
  know it for 100 % ? 
  no , but in certain cases you can definitely get good odds , to the extent that ` knowing ' becomes a thing . 
  lets say that three therapists that have treated bob over a period of 12 years agree that there 's a 80 % chance that within the next 6 months , bob will finally give in to the impulse of offing himself . 
  if bob does n't do it within the 6 months , the therapists agree that it 's only a matter of time , say 2 years , before it becomes an inevitability . 
  what should they do ? 
  you ca n't lock bob up and strap him to a bed 24/7 , can you ? 
  should they do nothing and wait for this inevitability ? 
  continued treatment does n't help , what 's more , bob simply refuses further treatment . 
  he 's said he tried for 12 years and does n't want to live plastered on meds either . 
  so now what ? 
  you say do nothing . 
  i say try to guide the inevitable as best as possible , so as to minimize the impact . 
  you can say ` well that does n't happen , you can never * know * ' but the fact that we 're talking about this in the first place suggests otherwise . 
  there have been plenty of cases where a suicide surprised utterly no one in the person 's social circle . 
  their therapist ( s ) , family , friends , everyone ` saw it coming ' . 
  everyone tried to help , did help , and shit just did n't work . 
  that 's tragic , deeply tragic , but it sure as hell suggests that one can `` know '' that someone is going to go through with it no matter what . 
  not a lot of those cases , but they do exist . 
  and it 's not like some jack off the street came up with this either , it 's a talking point amongst mental health professionals , especially in this country where the euthanasia debate is considerably more open than nearly anywhere else . 
  so it 's an incredibly specific law , for a very small amount of cases , with exceptionally strict guidelines and processes . 
  it 's not a ` quitter 's mentality ' to accept that we 're sometimes helpless , and it 's not going to be the breakdown of society . 
  this is the last i will say on the matter . 
  agree to disagree . 
  maybe we need to accept that some people are , with today 's capabilities at least , untreatable ? 
  it 's a bitter pill to swallow , but so far reality seems to point in that direction . 
  there are people who 've been in therapy for years , decades even . 
  never got ` better ' . 
  at which point do we stop helping them ` get better ' and start helping them with whatever they will end up doing anyway , but to guide it in a direction that does the least harm ? 
  at which point will the therapist shrug and , against what they * know * will happen , should make a next appointment instead of tackling the real issue ? 
  `` sure , bob , call me next week and do n't do anything silly in the meantime , k ? '', 
  three days later bob hangs himself in the garage and his 13 yr old kid finds him . 
  how often does that need to happen before therapists start thinkign about alternatives ? 
  it might be unpalatable to you on the intenet , but it 's the occasional reality of things . 
  it 's not a blackmail argument , it 's a practical argument . 
  some people , even after years of exhaustive therapy , apparently can not be ` cured ' of their depression and/or suicidal tendencies . 
  these people are n't saying ` assist me or * i * will make a conscious effort to make a mess of it ' , that 's a ridiculous line of thinking . 
  at some point , these people will take a final step , no matter what anyone else does . 
  and because of the intrinsic nature of suicide , this can be physically messy and/or emotionally draining for the people , let alone loved ones , involved in the discovery and clean-up . 
  it 's about limiting the fallout of those suicides , because in the specific cases where this law would apply , the prevent-it ship has long since left the harbour . 
  that ship has sailed . 
  and we can either ignore that that ship has sailed and keep trying to ` make it better ' until the inevitable mess occurs , * or * we can accept that some people will kill themselves no matter what and make an effort to assist them so there can be some dignity in the whole affair , whilst at the same time making efficient use of practical and mental resources . 
  there 's only so many times people can collect body parts along the train track or scrape a body off the concrete before they start thinking `` there 's got to be a better way '' . 
  and again i emphasize that even euthanasia for medical reasons is * exceptionally * strictly controlled here , so i imagine the non-medical euthanasia to be under even more restrictive guidelines . 
  no one will be able to get this done without years and years of therapy that has proven fruitless in their specific case . 
  no edgy teenagers or mid-life crisis people will be able to just buy suicide-off-the-shelf here . 
  none of this is a lighthearted decision or process , none of this is a celebration of death , no one is enjoying any of this . 
  but a lot of people who are close to the gritty reality of the alternative see that the way of assisted suicide , after a long and strenuous process , can be the lesser evil . 
  it 's not a ` celebration of death ' , wtf , how do you even . . ? 
  how 's * that * what you take away from this ? 
  it 's a practical consideration . 
  if people really really want to kill themselves , they 're going to do it . 
  they will hang themselves , jump off a building , in front of a train , off a bridge . 
  someone will find their body . 
  emergency services need to be called . 
  people need to handle that . 
  any potential mess needs to be cleaned up , body parts collected . 
  maybe it would be nice if all of that could be avoided ? 
   why do we have to force doctors to kill people that are perfectly able to kill themselves if they want to ? 
  the doctor is more of a control factor . 
  to assist someone in stepping out of life without a literal mess of blood and corpse and people finding the body , or the person inadvertently doing something wrong and dying painfully . 
   what we instead should do is provide support to someone who has suicidal thoughts and try to prevent it . 
  surely you understand that there 's a long , long process trying to exhaust all other options that takes place before such an assisted suicide request is granted . 
  it 's not like you can just walk in and get it done . 
  it 's very specifically aimed at the , if i may call it this , ` lost causes ' that stand a very high chance of taking their own life regardless , even after years and years of therapy . 
  no paradise for you , brave jihadi . 
  enjoy your 72 red hot irons . 
  that 's just welsh , mate . 
  even if that 's true , which i think is a pretty cynical view to hold , it 's still miles ahead of the unbridled douchebaggery brought to the table by trump . 
  at least dubya was good at ` keeping up appearances ' . 
  mind the pedestrian , richard !, 
  not an argument . 
  it 's funniest when some of them use the term `` cultural * bolshevism * '' unironically , then get mad when someone says that 's nazi talk . 
  yeah , i do n't think that idea lives in the mainstream at all , much less this ` nihilism towards your own identity ' that you 're talking about , which are some nice big words , but utterly unsubstantiated and highly subjective . 
  and , forgive me if i 'm pegging you completely wrong here , but it sounds like the kind of talk that does n't take long to follow up with claims about white genocide or whatnot . 
   i see the very same mindset in europe 's new right . 
  words and facts do n't mean anything anymore to these people . 
  i 've said it half a year ago , i 've said it many times since , i 'll say it again : trying to converse with these new/alt-rightists , never mind the full blown trumplets , is like trying to debate 9/11 truthers or young earth creationists . 
  there 's no point . 
  they do n't play by the same rules as you do . 
  i 'm sure the fins , poles , balts , etc. 
  are beside themselves with joy over trump 's near-fetishization of putin . 
  nothing will make those people feel better than a us presidential candidate openly praising russia 's ruthless dictator . 
  how far on the hate-sub scale should we put edefreiheit ? 
  surely at least a 6.5 out of 10 ? 
  in defense of dubya ( ca n't believe i just wrote that ... ) [ this ] ( https://static01.nyt.com/images/2015/11/30/opinion/30hasanweb/30hasanweb-master768.jpg ) is him just a few days after 9/11 . 
  compared to the atmosphere of today , plenty of people would call bush a pussy or an apologist or whatever for doing that . 
   the persistent notion that european cultures dont exist or must be redefined to the lowest common denominator wut ? 
  says who , apart from some fringe figures ? 
  the notion that that 's a ` persistent notion ' seems like something one would read on breitbart . 
  not reality . 
  mr. sharif can whine about this ` blasphemy ' all he wants , that 's his good right . 
  it 's up to british society to tell him to suck it up , not choose his side . 
  that 's only been the case for a few decades at best . 
  life of brian was massively criticized when it came out . 
   for a sense of nihilism toward your own identity lolwut ? 
  you enjoy people suffering ?
