  however , the house of saud is mainly interested in one main thing : staying in power ( and keeping the oil money flowing ) . 
  this s requires internal stability and one pillar upon which that internal stability is built are serious concessions to internal religious fundamentalism . 
  the ksa needs to uphold strict islamic law to an extent to remain in the saddle . 
  it 's probably a fair bit different from daesh , who are for a large part , at least in the top cadre , much more religiously and ideologically motivated in enacting their * even more fundamentalist * interpretation of islamic law . 
  i dunno ... i think isolating , let alone outright destabilizing , the ksa is a bad move . 
  yes , they 're generally pricks but the ksa is also a very unique type of oppressive regime ; much of their oppression is done with the fiat of large swathes of the fundamentalist population . 
  it 's very different from a ` traditional ' dictator a la saddam or ghadaffi . 
  first off , the mentality of religious hardliners is not going to change because the west wags their finger at them . 
  any social change will have to come from within , not from outside . 
  second , let 's say the ksa , the house of saud , falls . 
  who do you guys think will flow into that power vaccuum , hm ? 
  even worse fundamentalists . 
  and those fundamentalists will then be in control of the holiest of islamic holy places , giving them a lot of theological credibiltiy , in addition to vast oil reserves and modern weaponry . 
  i 'm sure it 's nice for us dutch to take this action and subsequently pat ourselves on the back for standing up to the nasty people , but i do have to wonder if it 's wise to do so . 
  - first , as a species i believe we 've long outgrown what nature demands of us . 
  we also wear clothes , sit behind computers in awful chairs and stopped foraging for berries since a few millennia . 
  not to mention that , there 's no real practical point that you 're making here . 
  whether gay marriage is legal or not , the chances of homosexuals procreating like heterosexuals seem pretty much the same . 
  it 's not like all the gay dudes are going full poon hound the moment they ca n't marry another dude . 
  gay marriage has very little influence on the rate of procreation , denying gay marriage however does have a significant impact on the civil rights of modern 21st century citizens . 
  - second , ignoring all the relevant studies that have shown that there are , pound for pound , no differences between kids with gay parents and kids with straight parents , i will however agree with you that in an ideal scenario , the parents are heterosexual because , assuming the parents are n't shitbags , this will imprint positive role models of both genders in the child 's head . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  however , in a practical situation , the lacking of one gender in the parenting role is reason # ... 87 ( ? ), 
  in what can go wrong in a child 's upbringing . 
  even if both parents are the same gender , i think we can all agree that having two loving parents is better than one . 
  so if we 're going to be * against * gay marriage on the basis that it does not provide the absolute ideal situation for a child , one has to be against the notion of single parenting as well , with all the incredible complexities that come with that . 
  you 'd have to literally be against any and all forms of parenting that do not adhere to the strictest ideal . 
  are you ? 
  which religion do you think teaches good morals without having to resort to the 36 chambers of cherrypicking ? 
  to be fair though , i 've never ever heard a rational argument against gay marriage from a non-religious perspective . 
  not saying the religious arguments against it are strictly rational , but at least they are from the perspective of religious people . 
  if one is not religious , there is no conceivable sensible argument against gay marriage . 
  i agree insofar that people i 've spoken to regarding this who describe themselves as ` ietsist ' or agnostic tend to leave it at that , preferring the safe zone of the vague nomenclature instead of actually giving it a thorough rational rundown and perhaps arriving at a confrontational , in whichever context , conclusion . 
  i find it a somewhat cheap cop out and many agnostics ( that i 've met at least ) i would regard as practical atheists in disguise . 
  not just a til , a very good til indeed . 
  the descriptions on that site are quite funny . 
  i must also have a jerven bag in my life now ... it 's like being wrapped inside your own cushion fort . . 0_0, 
  my dick that upper and top management would n't have known about this . 
  as if some low or mid level engineer would do this by himself . 
  what a load of horseshite . 
  i hope the yanks go after them full bore . 
  nordics are just very elevated and cold polders ... 
   but it got a little bit more saturated with proverbs than i imagined . 
  i generally get confused about what is what anyway :p, 
  ah , cool . 
  yeah it 'd be interesting to see how many proverbs are shared amongst languages and to what degree , and how many proverbs are really unique to one specific language or location . 
  that explains why i saw it in a tintin album :d, 
  there are many varieties of it especially regarding the second bit . 
  jasjes , petjes , hoeden , rokjes and the waaien , staan en wapperen that goes with them . 
  literally `` the pot blames the kettle that he black sees ( seeing black ) '' , with the `` seeing black '' ( hij zwart ziet ) being archaic use of language since it 's a pretty old proverb first appearing centuries ago . 
  that 's definitely an english proverb as well though . 
  nothing about rotten herring in the swedish arsenal ? 
  hmm , of course i am not completely sure these are not shared by other languages , but i think they 're pretty dutch : * `` spijkers op laag water zoeken . 
  '' * - searching for nails at low tide . 
  means to really look for things to nag about , to nitpick . 
  * `` op alle slakken zout leggen '' * - to put salt on all the snails . 
  same idea behind this one as the previous saying . 
  * `` spijkers met koppen slaan '' * - hitting nails with heads . 
  to do or say something efficiently and with determination . 
  convincing arguments , effective measures . 
  * `` de beste stuurlui staan aan wal '' * - the best helmsmen are on shore . 
  meaning it 's easy to criticize something when you 're an outsider and not directly involved . 
  * `` hij heeft de bel horen luiden , maar weet niet waar de klepel hangt '' * - he has heard the bell ring , but does not know where the clapper is . 
  means someone has * some * idea of what 's going on , but is wrong or ignorant about important details . 
  * `` zoals de waard is , vertrouwt hij zijn gasten '' * - so as the innkeeper is , he will trust his guests . 
  meaning that to assume negative things about individuals you do n't know is a reflection of one 's own character above all else . 
  took the words out of my mouth ... if it were up to the cda and vvd it would 've been re-criminalised , lmao . 
   they are not . 
  that very much depends on the specific phrasing of the criticism , actually . 
  i 've already agreed with you on that . 
  what i have a problem with is people holding up religious texts as historical evidence regarding the actions of a person that is explicitly glorified according to the standards of the day in those religious texts . 
  whether you are a devout muslim or a committed islam critic , those * religious texts * generally do not make reliable historical sources . 
  the fact that they are practically the only sources we have only worsens the situation . 
  my beef in this is strictly from an academic perspective . 
  do n't use monolithic religious texts as if they are reliable historical material , regardless of one 's motivations . 
  the winged horse part obviously did n't happen . 
  should n't a text that makes such outrageous claims also cast doubts upon itself regarding whatever else it says ? 
  the only texts we have are basically the traditional religious readings . 
  and there 's a lot of weird stuff in those . 
  so we have to be very skeptical regarding how truthfully we think they are . 
   muhammad , if he did this , was factually a pedophile sure  but she was six when he started touching her , and nine when he raped her . 
  that is abnormal . 
  yes - it was n't super duper abnormal in those times , since the girl ( aisha ) was essentially sold to muhammad to secure an alliance with her father ( abu bakr , the first caliph and muhammad 's closest henchman ) . 
  only if one chooses to accept the hadith that say this as completely historically trustworthy was she 6 and 9 . 
  there are circumstantial reasons why this age might have been written down and estimated as lower than it actually was . 
  this is a possibility . 
  now of course , without any evidence it can not be said that this was the case and that the hadith are wrong , but at the same time , we only have one source regarding this . 
  it 's not like other historical events that can be easily cross-checked and verified . 
  if one person writes that in 45 ad a volcano erupted , it 's a tall claim . 
  if there are five thousand separate writings , it 's a different story . 
   the sahih hadiths ( credible ) are called such for a reason . 
  each of them have a clear line of narration , like `` muhammad said , heard by x , told to y , etc. '', 
  the one about muhammad claiming her while she was playing with her dolls , i might add , is narrated through aisha herself . 
  these sahih hadith were collected some time after muhammad 's death , yes , but there was a process of screening them , comparing them with other hadith , etc. 
  so while we ca n't know they said that , or said it exactly , it 's pretty much as close as we can really get , historically , to knowing what happened in those age . 
  the sahih collections to which this standard mostly applies are bukhari and muslim ( both family names of the person who collected them ) . 
  there are a few other credible collections , but they are less credible . 
  so why does it even matter ? 
  well it matters because muslims hold up muhammad as perfect . 
  they say , `` his behavior is exemplary , and god wishes us to emulate him . '',
