  if the soviets wanted you dead-dead , you 'd be behind the shed with a tokarev bullet behind your ear . 
  not in the gulags . 
   lot less poles i think you misspelled ` zero ' . 
  you do realize that if the nazis had won , or had n't been stopped , *** you would n't fucking be here *** , right ? 
  you would n't have existed , since your parents and grandparents would already have been wiped out . 
  italian sports/supercars such as lambo and ferrari enjoyed a huge boost in reliability and build quality in the 21st century though . 
  and in the case of lambo , that happened after vag took over . 
  as the famous philosopher clarksonius once said , your boyhood dream of owning an italian purebred does n't have to end in tears and constant garage bills anymore . 
  at this point , probably f-35 is the best choice , because by the time belgium will have a fleet of typhoons or rafales operational , the 4.5 / 4 + + generation has aged well into its maturity and with the advent of more 5th gen planes around the world , i do n't think you 'll get a lot of mileage out of the typhoons or rafales . 
  whereas with the 35 's , you 're gon na be set for like ... 30 years easily . 
  decomissioned earlier this year . 
  status of jimmies : severely rustled, 
  i remember you advocating national-socialism in r/thenetherlands . 
  so dont you mean ( ( ( soros ) ) ) and ( ( ( globalization ) ) ) ? 
  itt : lots of people takng this shit way too seriously and going on a rant about da mooslems . 
  ffs , dont some of you not get tired of yourself ? 
   bangladesh-india border that 's some serious border gore . 
  `` the failing french and their low ratings , sad '', 
  lay with the dogs , get up with fleas . 
  i triggered a t_d'er over the wrong use of a pronoun . 
  god fucking damn , the memes are real !, 
  but instead of saying `` i do n't agree with that premise '' , you literally replied with `` but they did it too '' . 
  lol you 're obviously way too emotionally invested in this topic . 
  this will be my last reply to you . 
  i 'm not ` projecting ' anything . 
  i simply showed you that rape can very much be an integral part of ethnic cleansing and genocide , despite your claim to the contrary . 
  and instead of going `` ah right , i see your point , i guess i was wrong '' , you immediately go into `` but they did it too '' mode . 
  it 's pretty obvious that you 're not really able to discuss this without getting very partisanal . 
  typical . 
  that 's besides the point . 
  you wrote  `` also , rape is a war crime , but how does it fit genocide narrative ? '', 
  i answered that question for you . 
  then you proceed to downvote and say `` but it happened to us as well ! '' . 
  i mean ... what ? 
  do n't you see how intellectually dishonest you 're being right now ? 
  `` we will make you breed serb babies ! '', 
  and yes , this same ` rape as a tool of war/ethnic cleansing ' was widespread in for example the rwandan genocide as well . 
  it posts in t_d , mate . 
  ignore it . 
  how long before artificial grass will become indistinguishable from a real grass pitch ? 
  as of yet there are still very clear differences in how the ball behaves , jumping and landing , etc etc, 
  yeah , butted mail wo n't stop anything , not even a pocket knife !, 
  whereas proper mail + gambeson = the original composite armour ( in a way ) . 
  nah , they get labeled neo-nazis because they use the triple parentheses unironically , such as your conversation partner from estonia . 
  that shit should be a bannable offense imho . 
  it 's like false flag trolling/baiting . 
  like just a cookie tin or one of those specific ones that said royal dansk ? 
  cos ofc my grannies had cookie tins , but i do n't think they had danish ones ... 
  thing is , one ca n't take the black-on-white results of excercises as ultimate proof either . 
  these training ops are set up within specific scenarios , often aimed at trying to eliminate weaknesses . 
  so the 5th gen hyper-electro kitted out super sa plane gets pitted in a knife fight where most of its advantages disappear . 
  * that 's how you get better * . 
  both the us and its allied nations learn a lot from these excercises , regarding the tactical differences between the mostly new ( 4.5 / 4 + + ) and brand spanking new ( 5 ) generation jet fighters . 
  there 's no point in condensing the training outcome of a specific excercise that we do n't know the context of into some hard score that tells us which is the better aircraft . 
  shit simply does n't work like that . 
  the abrasive trumplet might be a stereotypical moron that should piss off back to his cultist sub , but he 's technically not wrong . 
  the f-22 is most definitely the superior aircraft . 
  but that 's no miracle . 
  it better well should be , considering the intended role , lifespan , and design spec . 
  yeah , it would . 
  that 's the difference between a 4.5 / 4 + + and a 5 gen fighter . 
  anyone with a bit of knowledge about these things would know that . 
  but you had to waltz in with some verbally agressive murica wanking . 
  fuck off back to the_dear_leader and stay there . 
   these young lads can fly across the entirety of europe in an hour or so they have the speed to do more or less that , but not for an hour :p, 
  weimar germany in the early 30 's can not really be seen as a functional democracy anymore . 
  especially not when we look at the important national elections for the nazis . 
  the weimar framework was okay on paper , but the practical situation on the ground in 31/32/33 was awful . 
  fuck , those are the worst . 
  luckily mine were the exact opposite . 
  i blame them for being a history nerd now . 
  haarlem is beautiful . 
  if you 're a tourist visiting nl , do n't stay * in * amsterdam . 
  get a hotel in haarlem or delft or something . 
  surely skulling a pint of guinness is passable admission ? 
  barrett was smashed like a bowl of eggs and the main truck carried off both me legs god damn them all !, 
  `` nobody speak , nobody getting choked '', 
  it 's a 9 day old account from t_d . 
  any two-time chump could 've done what trump achieved considering that agent orange inherited his daddy 's vast business and network in a booming market . 
  it 's a cult . 
  you can always talk to the good people over at / r/suicidewatch , man . 
  because what you 're suggesting is very drastic and probably irreversible . 
  they are of the same kind . 
  erdogan is n't a big fan of freedom of the speech , the press and what not , so this comes as a surprise to absolutely no one . 
  nasty little man , that erdogan . 
  the shit he wants to pull has atat\u00fcrk spinning in his grave , no doubt . 
  the so-called liberals of the vvd have been quite enthusiastic about re-criminalizing marijuana and you know the fatsoensrakkers of the cda will be up for that too . 
  it 's ridiculous to see how many other nations are beginning to see the stupidity of illegal mj ( us states , uruguay , spain , you name it ) and we , the goddamn trailblazers for the whole thing , have governments and large political parties who want to reverse it . 
  it makes me sad . 
  beck is a scientologist ? 
  some men just want to watch the world burn ... 
  i thought it was about legalizing and i also thought `` how is this history ? '', 
  but he 's actually getting married to another bloke . 
  there 've been some gay pm 's before i think . 
  di rupo of belgium was one . 
  not sure if he was married or not ( prolly not then ) . 
  '' `` you belong to a category of applicants where there is always a risk involved when granting a visa that you will not leave ( the ) schengen area after the visit . 
  furthermore , the purpose of your trip is not urgent enough to grant you ( a ) visa , '' read an excerpt of his rejection letter from the swedish embassy in dhaka , published on pen 's website . '', 
  yeah ... turns out maybe blogger dude had a good reason of wanting to gtfo ... 
  very enjoyable indeed .
