  i barely see any italian flair in this thread , i think it might be because they 're just suffering immediate heart attacks after seeing the ` ketchup on pizza ' thing . 
  well yeah , they 're not doing it because they 're bored , that 's true enough , but at the same time these ` people ' seem to lack any reasonable moral compass , as is evident by their wholesale slaughter of civilians . 
  if i 'm a reductionist for phrasing it the way i did , the dude i was replying to can be considered a fullblown apologist for dragging baader-meinhoff in it . 
  that does n't make is comparable to domestic european groups like raf , ira or eta . 
  none of those organizations aimed to establish their goals through maximum civilian carnage . 
  which is exactly what is does and what makes them so reprehensible . 
  raf did n't just slaughter random civvies for the fuck of it . 
  `` by the beard of the prophet , ahmed , i can see the big bang from here ! '', 
  hahahaha , this shit writes itself , does n't it ? 
  could n't make this up . 
  i would n't be surprised if most of the eu , politicians and citizens alike , do n't even want them to join anyway . 
  kind of a moot point in the end . 
  i found the serb, 
  that 's a completely different thing , lol, 
  that 's not the general definition of terrorism , however . 
  well , there 's terrorism and there 's terrorism . 
  blowing up a military checkpoint is terrorism , massacring dozens of concert goers is also terrorism , yet they are quite different from each other . 
  whilst it is true that we have accidentally set a chair at the dinner table for them , we did n't make isis hungry . 
  what i 'm trying to say with that awful analogy is that the west is in no way or form responsible for the reprehensible ideology that isis espouses . 
  from the top of my head , about 2/3rds of ira casualties were british military personnel , with a large part of the remaining third taken up by politicians , journalists with a specific bias , policemen , paramilitaries ... 
  whenever the ira ( or for that matter , the eta ) placed a large bomb in civilian territory , they phoned in it . 
  advance warning so the area could be cleared , with economical damage being the aim in such attacks ( manchester '96 for example ) . 
  that 's obviously quite a different thing from targeting unaffiliated civilians with the explicit aim of killing as many of them as possible . 
  but the plo is , or certainly used to be in its early years , a pretty much strictly secular organization with strictly political goals . 
  considering the fantastic track record putin 's russia has built for itself over the past few years regarding freedom of speech and press , i am quite inclined to gobble this up indeed . 
  it seems to fit the narrative . 
  the car still accelerated into her . 
  you can find a vietnamese lumpia cart in nearly every medium sized town in the nethies and it 's not like we have tons and tons of vietnamese here . 
  the notion that many of them work in the food industry is n't that much of a stereotype . 
  not nearly enough polarisation . 
  get out of here with your logic . 
  that was the gist behind it . 
  the good ol' ted haggart infamy . 
   i do n't think that 's the kind of result the families of the victims were hoping for that happens in civilian law often enough as well , let 's be honest . 
  the point here is that it obviously was n't whitewashed or swept under the rug . 
  poor woman . 
  and yet there are occasions when the us military could 've covered shit up but people are doing 90 years in leavenworth now . 
  you can suggest all you want , but it 's implications . 
  and all east-asians here were engineers and heart surgeons ? 
  i 'm sure that 's why the viet here are all working those postage stamp sized food carts . 
  i have an excellent sense of humour . 
  you hit some , you miss some . 
  ` in 2014 , four blackwater employees were tried [ 5 ] and convicted in u.s. federal court ; one of murder , and the other three of manslaughter and firearms charges . 
  well then , what 's the point of your earlier comment ? 
  but why are immigrants ( and descendents thereof ) from other cultures and religions apparently not affected by this ? 
  east-asians are doing fine for example . 
  if the factors you are talking about have such a strong influence , then why are they influencing one group disproportionally so ? 
  why are mena/islamic people so ` unique ' in this ? 
  the real surprises on that list for me are ksa ( fattest in the world !, 
  ) , libya and egypt . 
  how the hell are they so fat ? 
  pissing on a corpse is a bit of a different category than sexually war criming civvies , do n't you think ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  not saying he should be blown up spectacularly . 
  what about a prick with an aids needle and some carefully disseminated homosex allegations ? 
  hehehehehehe . 
  `` but reccep , for to be glorious you must glitter ! '', 
  occidentophobia, 
   same with us military , they 've put thousands of rapes and stuff under the rug in the past 2 wars . 
  like so ? 
  the vast majority of war crimes by un peacekeepers in africa are committed by african peacekeepers . 
  the highest profile case of war crimes in iraq that i remember ended with the incarceration of all involved , the head guy taking his own life in jail and his buddies are still locked up and will stay locked up for a very , very , very long time . 
  i know we like to pretend usa is the big satan here , but afaik they do actually prosecute people who break the rules . 
  and then they put them in jail . 
  pretty much for life . 
  so what * are * you actually talking about ? 
  it would 've been better without the hollywood drama spin you put on it in your initial comment . 
   nor did we mass execute ethnic minorities and clergy . 
  nah , just ethnic majorities like natives , right ? 
  he 's unarmed and on his knees . 
  yeah , i 'm sure he was a big threat ... 
  slovenia needs to team up with linda glocke . 
  depends on your definition of a young human then . 
  depends on your definition of a child . 
  his ass . 
  contraceptives are not 100 % reliable . 
  newsflash : contraceptives are not 100 % reliable, 
  yes , every one who has an abortion done does so with the explicit intention of killing a fetus . 
  that 's the * real * motivation behind it . 
  you would n't know what a 10 week old fetus was if one hit you in the face , literally . 
  not two hours ago you were replied to by a user who succintly explained to you why that shit did n't work . 
  why are you bringing it up again ? 
  in all fairness , though , asad shah was an ahmadi muslim who hold non-violence in much higher esteem than most other directions in islam . 
  pretty despicable really . 
  should get the book thrown at them for abusing the responsibility of violence that they have . 
  ooooh , i knew it had a familiar ring to it !, 
  do n't bother , that guy is a troll . 
  funny how you completely ignored the gender inequality and male-dominance in mena culture . 
  probably because you ca n't brush that one under the carpet with a fallacy , hm ? 
  not every isis member is the same , obviously . 
  the fact that a few low ranking fighters are actually ignorant about many things proves literally fuck all . 
  baghdadi himself , on the other hand , is an educated islamic cleric , so there 's that . 
  isis fighters are not a homogeneous group like that . 
  sure , you 'll have some islam for dummies types , you 'll have some psychopaths , you 'll have some opportunists , and you 'll have quite a few of ` real believers ' . 
  and those real believers * are * real , they * do * wield influence and their interpretation of islam * does * contribute massively to the problems isis causes . 
  also , you again put words in my mouth saying ` muslims are inherently dangerous ' . 
  i 've been very carefully phrasing my words during this conversation , taking care to write ` their literalist interpretations of . . ' etc , and all you do is point at me and say `` you think all muslims are evil '' . 
  i 've literally never said that , fuck off . 
  i 'm tired of debating you . 
  you talk up a massive storm , but you ca n't listen .
