  sinterklaas is the boss , yes , but he 's also old as fuck . 
  the pieten are what keeps the operation running on all levels . 
  they 're not just worker drones , the pieten comprise everything from interns to senior management , with sint being the ceo . 
  only 5th out of the 7 major ones , actually . 
  pretty low energy . 
  quite sad . 
  from the top of my head i think the list goes 1 . ), 
  portugal ( with a huge margin too ) 2 . ), 
  spain 4 . ), 
  france 5 . ), 
  nethies 6 . ), 
  thirteen colonies/usa 7 . ), 
  dude in the top right is thinking : `` i can ship this ... '', 
  if we can produce another half a tranvestite we got tree fiddy trannies !, 
  i do n't think any of those three are * as * idiotic as breitbart . 
  heavily biased , sure , but breitbart is ridiculous . 
  but that 's what actually happened . 
  not nearly enough spin for my liking . 
  `` trump founded the ira '' . 
  something like that is needed . 
  `` trump 's terrorist connections '' sometimes i wish there was an equally retarded left-wing breitbart that would do that just to rustle donnie 's jimmies . 
   ohhh my god those two bear costume babies definitely got an ` aaw ' out of me as well . 
  i want to poke their bellies and go `` beep ! '', 
  it 's an inside joke on reddit where the dutch and the finns continually compete for higher rankings in any form of list format . 
  i 'd definitely describe afd as ` septic ' though . 
  perhaps farage should 've done a better job as a member of the fisheries committee ... 
   lol you retard . 
  you think anywhere in the west can even compare to the middle east ? 
  i 'm so glad your once great continent is being destroyed and your women are being raped . 
  it 's not odd if you realize what his angle is . 
  but yeah , it 's a massive red flag . 
  i enjoy how they 're soft-outing themselves like that though . 
  me too , so we could compare it to the south of the us . 
  out-homo 'd sweden and finland is n't even on our radar . 
  today was a good day . 
  did he really do this ? 
  what a fucking retard . 
  i 've heard about the pride before . 
  hilarious little death trap . 
  pechtold shoud sue for libel . 
  that would be fucking hilarious . 
  you did it , romania !, 
   ww2 proved that the germans would only learn to be civilised after they got whipped and pounded into the ground , asking them nicely did n't work . 
  unlike you civilized brits and your empire that did nothing wrong and never hurt anybody . 
  right ? 
   if you diss our prime minister , whack , the lithianian migrants are sent home . 
  ... the fuck, 
  firth of forth ? 
  the red one is pretty iconic i believe . 
  i quite like it actually . 
  it 's a progression through time . 
  damn , you were n't wrong . 
  full of t_d maniacs , trump trolls and apologists , and many a very recent account claiming to be `` totally neutral , but \\* insert pro-trump bullshit here * ... '', 
  actually , eco 's point has always been that fascism is a * fuzzy * totalitarianism . 
   nevertheless , historical priority does not seem to me a sufficient reason to explain why the word fascism became a synecdoche , that is , a word that could be used for different totalitarian movements . 
  this is not because fascism contained in itself , so to speak in their quintessential state , all the elements of any later form of totalitarianism . 
  on the contrary , fascism had no quintessence . 
  fascism was a fuzzy totalitarianism , a collage of different philosophical and political ideas , a beehive of contradictions . 
  tell us more , one day old pro-trump account . 
   i am so sick of this site 's users posting half truths to foment hysteria my fucking sides . 
  if you were genuinely concerned about this , you would 've been fed up with trump and his supporters , especially on this site , about 9 months ago already . 
  maybe because you ca n't have an honest discussion with trump supporters , much less t_d users , and people are utterly fed up with their shit ? 
  my skates have been unused fir years :(, 
  its amazing how recognizable they are , isnt it ? 
  i read his comment and thought to myself `` this sounds like t_d '' im not exactly surprised, 
  i was actually going to argue with you , but then i saw you post in t_d . 
  lmao , the germans included the gullit-v\u00f6ller incident . 
  too good . 
  low effort . 
  sad . 
  i doubt many european countries would detain a wyoming or alabama senator/representative because they traveled to this or that other nation tho . 
  though maybe we should . 
  until we can figure out what 's going on :p, 
  that very much depends how you look at it . 
  hillary ? 
  not in jail . 
  wall ? 
  drain the swamp of corporate influence ? 
  loooooooool, 
  bellingcat 's dilligent digging showed that a buk telar vehicle belonging to the russian army was moved to and from eastern ukraine right around the mh-17 incident . 
  your point ? 
  the eu is n't going to fucking invade itself . 
  that would be utterly antithetical to the whole point of the eu in the first place . 
  i 'm not surprised that the cocktail of airport security authorities ( never a bastion of thought ) and the current administration react like this ; most americans would n't be able to find norway on a map , after all . 
  but they know that iran is like satan , so ... 
  i 'd wager that the pool of depressed and disconnected targets for suicide-attack recruitment is n't exactly bottomless either ... 
  it 's pretty typical amongst emigrated turks . 
  grass is always greener type of deal . 
  they 're over here , not confronted with the day to day of erdogan 's regime . 
  attacking an armed soldier with a big knife ? 
  sounds like amateur hour at club isis . 
  its a one day old 4chan account troll . 
  ignore it . 
  do n't let those cunts off the hook , vampire friends . 
  belgium has their own fries . 
  much thicker cuts . 
  absolutely scrumptious . 
  you ca n't post this without a trigger warning for our french brothers and sisters !, 
  have some compassion , for fuck 's sake . 
   grow up man .
