  tons of seriously triggered balts and eastern europeans screeching that the ussr was at least fifty times as bad as hitler . 
   that is like saying liverpool fans should n't be proud of their history because of the heysel disaster . 
  this has to be one of the dumbest things i 've read here in a while . 
  the pledge of allegiance * is * disturbing and it 's quite obvious to many that the usa has a rabid strain of nationalism that 's approaching jingoism . 
  do n't need to be a poor guilt-ridden german to have that outlook ... 
   lets be fair here , we saved europe twice and lost our empire doing so and we get this shit . 
  yeah with comments such as this it 's amazing why mainlanders are n't sucking your dicks 24/7 , is n't it ? 
  some swamp germans fly too close to the bratwurst and cross over to the other side ... 
  efficient german recognized superiority of dutch sounding name in the electronic music world . 
  i never said * all * the baltic nations are die-hard neo-nazi . 
  just that as far as i know the baltic states have disproportionately more neo-nazism present than many other countries . 
  ukraine is in a similar boat . 
  [ this picture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_wolfhound#/media/file:britishwolfhunt.jpg ) =d the one in the foreground is just chilling while bossman does all the work . 
  good fecking craic . 
  yeah obviously ; it is n't as simple as i sketched it in my previous comment . 
  it 's not as a majority of turks actively think `` yeah , a dictatorship , i 'd love that '' . 
  they 're certainly being heavily manipulated . 
  but at the same time the electorate definitely has a responsibility towards making an adult decision . 
  there 's always that burden of making sure you * do n't * get played like a fool . 
  i find it very difficult to empathize with people who were consistently warned that they were about to step in shit complain that they stepped in shit . 
  it posts in the_donald . 
  that says enough . 
  no majority . 
  plurality , yes , majority , no . 
  not even close tbh . 
  yeah that phrase raised my eyebrows as well, 
  `` lithuanian jews massacred poor lithuanians '' holy shit , you are disgusting . 
  95 % of lithuanian jews died , almost 200k , partially because of the intensely eager collaboration of lithuanians , amd youre sitting there engaging in apologism . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  i have no words . 
  `` literally no nazi sentiment here '' yeah im done . 
  you lie . 
  disgustingly so . 
  you lie and engage in apologism with absolutely zero fucking capacity for self-reflection . 
  holy shit . 
  a real one . 
  ive got a special res tag for you when i get home ... will also perma block you so i dont have to fead your insanely disgusting nazi apologism ever again . 
  serisously , you disgust me . 
  that a lithuanian , with your countrys history , can say those things the way you do . 
  insanely deplorable . 
  fascists and other far-righters are generally emo as fuck . 
  theyre professional victims who see threats and conspiracies behind every tree . 
  theres a lot of these ultra-nationalist turks over here and its pretty silly . 
  if they are such fans of erdowahn and his dictatorial traits maybe they should fuck off to his dictatorship then . 
  but they dont want * that * ofc ... grass is always greener , etc, 
  i edited with links but had issues with automod and working from tablet . 
  but whatever , its clear to see you are a high octane denier that happily sticks its head in the sand when it comes to the neo-nazi issue that your region and country has . 
  thats hilariously typical for someone such as you who whines about refugees and immigration in every other thread . 
  a lot of wha wha wha about red crimes and not a single squeak about all the atrocities you people happily participated in . 
  but jews arent `` real '' lithuanians anyway , right ? 
  they dont count ... you really couldnt have shown your true colours in a better way with this rabid apologism and denial . 
  they keep voting for him . 
  imo that clearly tells me that they do not * deserve * a better leader . 
  turkey deserves erdowahn just as the us deserves the dear orange leader . 
  eu should start thinking about sanctioning turkey imo ... their words and actions are not those of a friend anymore . 
  fuck erdogan with a huge spiky dildo ... the turks need to sort their shit out or go under in a full fledged dictatorship . 
  cant post link or picture because ipad and automod deletes the link i used :( this subs automod makes it really difficult to use a phone or tablet ... 
  regardless , my pick is the kooikerhondje . 
  smart , playful , intelligent , great dogs . 
  originally meant to assist in the duck hunt . 
  excellent idea . 
  i literally just pasted 2 recent sources in my post , you apologist . 
  i had a nicely sourced post for you but automod deleted it . 
  regardless , issues with neo-nazis in the baltics arent exactly unheard of . 
  its easy to google , easy to find . 
  you balts denying its even a thing just makes it all the more typical . 
  http://www.irishtimes.com/news/neo-nazis-in-baltics-tolerated-by-eu-jewish-lobby-says-1.971810 http://www.globalresearch.ca/neo-nazi-tendencies-in-the-baltic-states-latvian-ruling-party-to-appeal-against-ban-on-waffen-ss-march/17987, 
  what did you expect ? 
  that i would summarize and back-source 15 years of experience for you ? 
  dont be retarded . 
  but have some more recent sources if you want to keep denying : http://www.globalresearch.ca/neo-nazi-tendencies-in-the-baltic-states-latvian-ruling-party-to-appeal-against-ban-on-waffen-ss-march/17987 http://www.irishtimes.com/news/neo-nazis-in-baltics-tolerated-by-eu-jewish-lobby-says-1.971810, 
  sure , let me dig up 15 years of ` things i 've seen ' ... 
  i 've seen a disproportionate amount of balts engaging in hitler and nazi apologism on the internet . 
  your petty insults do not change my experience . 
  except all the jews you balts eagerly helped murdering . 
  they do n't count ? 
  that 's not a syntax mistake ? 
  it 's the inclusion of one thing that are not like the other two that bothered me . 
   if you are in doubt about whether some country except the us nuked someone , i ca n't help you . 
  no , i 'm not in doubt at all . 
  nuclear weapons have only been used in anger by the americans at the end of ww2 . 
  to throw `` nuke '' into this statement :  as if their countries did n't nuke , forcibly relocate , exploit anyone . 
  is very , very , very , ** very ** weird . 
  you 're using plural . 
  name me one ( western ) country other than the usa who ever nuked anyone . 
  i see a lot of balts do the same for nazi-germany on the internet ... let 's not pretend you do n't have your own problems in that regard , hmm ? 
  no one except the americans ever nuked anyone ... the fuck are you talking about ? 
  such as ? 
  it 's a croatian trump supporter . 
  do the math . 
  it 's not too far off , c'mon now ... it 's a very difficult quote and attitude to defend . 
  ( though in fairness i also remember vaguely that he may have expressed regret later in life for stating that , but i 'm not 100 % on this . ), 
  `` if bitches do n't wan na share they curries , what the fuck else is you gon ' do , playa ? '', 
  but it does n't give you more authority regarding what should happen with the perp . 
  not to mention that you will essentially end up with different punishments for the same crime . 
  one victim 's family might not want to be involved at all and pleads for forgiveness . 
  then with the next case the family might want the perp tortured to death . 
  where the hell does that lead us ? 
  i do n't think anyone is really capable of playing the fucking grief olympics here . 
  survivors have to potentially deal with crippling survivor 's guilt , injuries , and the trauma of watching their friends massacred before their eyes .
