  it needs to be in proportion . 
  people from the uk can definitely be unhappy with the `` twitter arrests '' , but they should n't pretend this is a situation approaching north-korean levels of censorship . 
  different degrees of unhappiness are called for . 
  if venezuelan citizens think their government is one of the most corrupt bag of dicks on earth , they 're actually right . 
  if welsh or alabamans ( alabamians ? 
  alabamastanis ? ), 
  think their ( local ) government is one of the most corrupt on earth , they 're incredibly unrealistic with hyperbolic notions that approach conspiracy levels of bullshit . 
  corruption in wales and us states is not even in the same realm as venezuela , which is literally one of the most corrupt countries on the planet according to multiple research studies . 
  and here is the biggest problem in european politics today : the only people who are willing to make a serious fist against ` the establishment ' turn out , invariably , to be * massive fucking retards * . 
  got ta love the imperial flag as well . 
  what a great time that was , imperial germany . 
  a highly militarized monarchy . 
  such good times . 
  we should really go back to those days . 
  crushing intolerance and a fetish for death in battle . 
  the venezuelan government is corrupt as fuck and i rather doubt most ` aid ' ( hue hue ) goes to the poor . 
  quite a few social workers spoke up as well about the stifling pc culture . 
  it 's not some alleged , undocumented nonsense . 
  this is n't an uncommon phenomenon either . 
  as far as i know , some of the biggest mouths regarding `` small gub ` mint '' in the us are states such as mississippi and alabama . 
  states that , incidentally , rely a lot on federal funding to `` not be povertyland '' as well . 
  delightful cognitive dissonance . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  fuck me that 's depressing, 
  i 'm very skeptical but as with any novel crisps taste , i would definitely try them out . 
  some odd flavours were actually very nice . 
  bring back lays pickle plz :(, 
  gin 's very similar daddy jenever never really lost much popularity here , though . 
  it 's hardly a stretch ... 
  but someone who thinks homosexuality should be taboo would probably be happy to push homosexuality back into illegality . 
  do n't make me regret my upcoming support for the red devils now . 
  i ` ma go all `` 1830 worst year of life '' on you !, 
  you say the rider is a douchebag , but are n't the majority of those pedestrians walking on and in the cycle lane ? 
  i mean ... obviously the cycle lane is poorly planned out , but as far as the actual legality of the whole shebang goes ... those people are walking ` on the road ' so to speak . 
  maybe that 's my dutchness shining through , but over here people do n't treat bicycle lanes as just an alternative footpath . 
  you 'll get run the fuck over and rightfully so . 
  as a dutchman , this shit severely triggered me . 
  i need hugs , some bitterballs and a wildcard for the euros , plz, 
  i was about to ask what that monstrosity is ... 
  businesses fucking over developing countries is most definitely something that should stop when we 're talking about redistribution of global wealth . 
  but that 's something should happen anyway , has nothing to do with reparations . 
  there is no way the shifting mentality had zero influence on surrounding nations . 
  the entirety of the english/british population did n't turn into liberal humanists overnight just as the entirety of the dutch population were n't all staunch apologists of slavery right up until the ( forced ) abolishment . 
  mentality spreads like an oil slick after all . 
  i 'm not ` acting like ' anything . 
  i 'm saying that the mentality does n't switch from `` this is absolutely fine '' one day before abolishment to `` we were horrible people '' one day after . 
  gradual changes . 
  who 's going to pay for that ? 
  and how do you envision that happening exactly ? 
   but zwarte piet seems pretty blatantly racist and offensive . 
  there 's a big difference in how he appears and how he acts these days . 
  zp as a character has n't been static . 
  it evolved . 
  to a point where , when i was little kid , the pieten basically ran the entire operation because sinterklaas is incredibly old and forgets shit the entire time . 
  people look at the silly ` exterior ' of zp and completely ignore how , over the years , he has grown into a multitude of characters , from bumbling incompetent piet to highly competent piet . 
  almost like real people . 
  it was in decline for years before the official abolishment , however . 
  schenkman 's book was from a period where the mentality was changing . 
  slaves on the european mainland/british isles have been banned for a long while actually . 
  i think the dutch outlawed ` domestic ' slavery already early in the 17th century and im somewhat certain many european countries did the same around that era . 
  but the actual slave trade was much , much too profitable to crack down upon . 
  if you go through cargo manifests and ` sale lists ' , it 's a lot of money even today in an absolute sense . 
  i think the most important point here is that by now , people expect turkey to be the bigger man instead of getting involved in a kindergarten style argument of ` who started it ' . 
  owning up to your own mistakes is the most a nation can do . 
  trying to surpress it because you do n't like how ` the others ' handle their mistakes is not mature behaviour by a relatively modern state with 75m inhabitants that , at least for a while , was looking for a stronger connection to europe/the west . 
  meet the fooccers, 
  corner bastion 7 was n't hit with cannons but still collapsed !, 
  wake up , sheeple !, 
   iron crone , frankie holla and iron maiden walk into a bar ... ftfy :d `` the two metal bands joined the famous rapper as they ^ made ^ their ^ way ^ into ^ ... ^ ... 
  considering the scale of their operation it just makes so much sense to get your ` own ' airplane . 
  especially when that flexibility allows you to basically get into new markets for the tour as you said . 
  operating ed force one ca n't be cheap , but it 's undoubtedly a lot more relaxed than commercial flights . 
  not to mention that flying all that equipment and people around for commercial prices would be heinously expensive anyway . 
  better to get all your eggs in one basket in this case . 
  if it makes you feel better , i fucked up the tulips too . 
  but but but ... adding viet food to our eu repertoire could n't have hurt . 
  gieb spring rolls !, 
  if i recall correctly , rome was ( is ) pretty much the same way . 
  the view from the st. peter is very impressive , in part due to the fact that there 's barely any modern high rise stuff . 
  actually , if the french would 've just colonized a * bit * harder , you could 've been part of the eu by now !, 
  out of place ? 
  a cheeky monty python reference * on and by the bbc * is out of place ?!, 
  21 out of 28 , not bad . 
  that war will never be truly over , i fear , but we 've got the soggy bastards on the back foot for now . 
  i 'll tell my 66 yr old uncle to stop wearing his pink floyd shirt then . 
  which is kind of weird because the alps are still a great place to visit in spring/summer . 
  all across the civilized world , punishments for slavery and human trafficking are utterly laughable . 
  we all like to lament about its horrors , and yet we seem incapable of giving enough of a fuck to change the necessary laws to properly combat this . 
  the tears are made by crushing the gypsies ' precious violins and other string instruments and making their owners watch . 
  the woodpulp is then mixed with the gypsy tears in a secret ratio only known by old romanian crones , before the mixture is passed on to the romanian ministry of internet who use highly trained bulbasaurs to distribute the product across the network . 
  source : am not romanian, 
   i do n't see how having a sharia court system changes anything in this regard though ? 
  because it provides a measure of ` communal officialness ' to their society . 
  `` he said , as he forcibly closed eva 's jaws , cracking the cyanide pill . '', 
  happy monday , everybody !, 
  the j-10 is one of their indigenous creations , not a rebadged old soviet fighter . 
  j-10 first flew in the late 90s , certainly not old . 
  certainly not a 5th gen either , but it 's not a refreshed 21 or anything . 
  the moment `` we , the west '' stop supporting saudi arabia , the sooner saudi arabia will fall into internal conflict that will see isis-esque leadership emerge to take over from the royals . 
  is that what we want ?
