  intent . 
  again , i 'm not apologizing for anyone , i 'm saying that if your yardstick of moral and ethical quality is based on numbers you 're lacking significant insight into how it all comes together . 
  a drunk driver is n't a retard who does n't know what he 's doing at all . 
  a drunk driver is someone who consciously takes enormous risks with human life for more or less selfish , arrogant and ignorant reasons . 
  very much like the poorly implemented economical plans of both mao and stalin and their arrogant and willfully ignorant responses to signs of an approaching problem . 
   the extreme left killed maybe 2 ? 
  the rote armee fraktion alone was responsible for at least 34 deaths ... 
   he deliberately sacrificed citation needed ... this is the problem when trying to have this debate outside academic circles ; people freely attaching assumptions to whatever they need to make their point . 
   what would you call forced labor camps in the high arctic and siberia , considering a death rate of about 10 % , that must 've been the shittest attempt at genocide in history . 
  i 'm not apologizing for anything . 
  the facts are the facts . 
  you are exxagerating one side 's crimes whilst also attaching a total assumption of intent that you know nothing of . 
  if you 're going to call me an apologist again , i have no choice but to conclude you yourself are a nazi apologist , trying to whitewash hitler by making ( unfounded ) claims that others were somehow worse . 
  is a drunk truck driver who plows into a bus and kills 30 people a worse human being , morally and ethically , than a marc dutroux or a jeffrey dahmer ? 
  he killed more ... right ? 
  so he must be worse ... right ? 
  if i set fire to a wooden shed because i 'm a pyro , yet i 'm also a dumbass who did n't notice the shed was attached to an old folks ' home , and the whole place burns down and 10 people die , am i a worse person than someone who deliberately kidnaps , sexually abuses , tortures and kills 5 children ? 
  you see how the numbers narrative does not hold up in a moral/ethical context ? 
  get out of here with your logic . 
  solving a complicated ethical and moral question is done with one single imgur picture , do n't you know ? 
  who needs years of meticulous research when you can have one unsourced and poorly put together picture with numbers ? 
  no need to think anymore !, 
  just look at the scoreboard and think you know it all !, 
  history for lazies 101 . 
  you 're just talking out of your arse now . 
  there is no evidence that stalin intentionally engineered the famines and the gulag death count is about a million and a half ( under the plural of a million , so ` millions to die ' is simply bullshit ) on a prisoner population of 15-18m total . 
  to equate the gulag system and ukranian famine with the nazi holocaust is just stupid . 
  i never said stalin did n't commit genocide . 
  what i 'm saying is that using the complete killcount as some kind of measuring stick to determine which was the worst dictator is infantile and undiluted bad history . 
  oh , both certainly committed genocide to an extent , but what rubs me the wrong way so much is how all the deaths that those two were responsible for seem to be chalked up to genocide , when of course in reality there were many , many factors regarding the massive casualties under their rule . 
   there 's also the strange way that hitler 's guilt seems to be limited to the holocaust , when really the vast majority of ww2 deaths have to be on his head , oh , absolutely . 
  i 've always found that very strange as well . 
  not to mention how in that same vein people happily heap soviet ww2 deaths onto stalin 's conto , whereas it can be argued ( as you just did ) that the responsibility for those deaths obviously lies with hitler as the instigator of the war . 
   it 's difficult to delineate how many communist deaths came from absurd and incompetent policies and political theories ( that were thought to be benign ) and how many came from plain old appalling violence . 
  very much so , yeah , but we do have a few relatively reliable numbers . 
  the mean survival rate for prisoners sent to gulags is about 90 % ; no one will of course deny that the gulag system was cruel , inhumane and little to do with law or justice , however it 's difficult to equate them to straight up nazi deaths camps , as the survival rate comparison simply pales in insignificance . 
  aye , stalin 's ` kill count ' had to be drastically reduced after historians gained access to the soviet archives post ' 91 . 
  he 's still responsible for millions of deaths , of course , and one of the worst ruthless shitheads we 've ever seen , but just like mao it 's important to note that many of his victims came from their ignorant and incredibly poorly implemented economical reforms * and * their arrogant and derisive response to the onset of problems ( famine , mostly ) . 
  whilst this undeniably makes them responsible for those deaths , i find it a very different matter from what the nazis did . 
  that was literally industrial genocide with no ulterior motive outside destruction whatsoever . 
  it 's commonly accepted that whilst mao and stalin were , i reiterate , arrogant , ignorant , oppressive , authoritarian dictators , they did not have the * intention * to just murder millions upon millions of people outright . 
  turning it into a numbers game simply does not hold up . 
  we can all easily think of examples where it does n't hold up , but pretending that hitler ` was n't as bad because dude x killed more ' is a very popular thing these days . 
  unfortunately . 
  there is responsbility for deaths and there also is outright genocide . 
  these two things are different . 
  i do n't think you 'd care much if you want to turn this complicated ethical and moral debate into a fucking numbers game , though . 
  because the numbers game is how every ignorant git tries to resolve this in an attempt to be edgy and controversial . 
  because soletata is a child that 's trying to be edgy by pretending he understands anything from history . 
  the popular trope of ` but mao and stalin were worse because they killed more people ' . 
  y' know , how edgy internet teens can turn an incredibly difficult moral and ethical question into a matter of simply solved scoreboard journalism . 
  never knew that . 
  but a member of the hitler youth is obviously a very different thing from what i suggested . 
  i 'm not sure i follow ... 
   no , i do n't either . 
  it has to take a massive amount of selective perception and a fair amount of brain washing . 
  to be fair , i do n't see the propaganda aimed at arabic speakers , and i 'm willing to bet that fundamental islam coupled with it makes it seem less like the fucking disaster that it might look like to you and me . 
  after all , they have people join . . 
  there are a few interesting articles out there regarding what kind of people join daesh . 
  it 's important to understand that , as with so many things , daesh adherents and/or members do not comprise a homogeneous group . 
  within the region itself a lot of people tentatively support them because after so much chaos , they do represent a certain form of social stability , just from going largely unchallenged in certain places . 
  some of the tribal leaders in the region are actually in a very fragile alliance with daesh ; not subscribing to their methods and ideologies at all , and vice versa , yet they 're in an uncomfortable marriage of convenience . 
  individually , it 's also different . 
  there are opportunists , of course . 
  there are ` psychopaths ' , with various form of religious conviction , but mostly just eager to do horrible things , jihadi john falls in this category . 
  and there are true believers . 
  and a lot of them coming from the west are in this group . 
  westerners have very little economical or political incentive to join daesh in syria . 
  notwithstanding that some of them really are psychos , a lot of these western muslims do so for ideological reasons . 
  tl ; dr : there are various reasons why people join or support daesh , including socio-economical and political reasons , but many western muslims who travel to syria or iraq to join daesh do so for ideological reasons . 
  see my posts further down explaining why i do n't think the mistake narrative holds up . 
  yes , absolutely , this is a preposterous argument . 
  because daesh * themselves * are embracing their atrocities . 
  it 's not as if the western media says : `` isis burned two people alive today . '', 
  and then isis vehemently tries to deny it . 
  they cheerfully go `` yup !, 
  we did that ! '' . 
  and again , it 's not like the western media says `` isis took responsibility '' and that 's that , no , daesh themselves make these entire video productions , saying who they are , why they are doing it , extensively quoting scripture , encouraging others to be like them , the full nine yards . 
  if one believes that * all of that * is a propaganda hoax itself , then i 'd be willing to have an internet-freud stab at `` actual mental issues '' . 
  what i do n't understand though , is how you try to join daesh only to figure out in raqqa that they are fucking insane . 
  it 's one thing if daesh projected a happy go lucky image , but they do n't , they 're upfront about their atrocities and they embrace the image that comes with it . 
  hell , even the nazis tried to keep the extermination programs under wraps , meaning the `` ich habe es nicht gewusst '' excuse was applicable enough in many , many individual cases . 
  how can one reasonably claim an ` ich habe es nicht gewusst ' regarding the highly controversial atrocities that daesh happily shows themselves committing ? 
  edit : it 's ofc possible that the ` mistake ' that the woman is referring to pertains to her own individual situation upon arrival . 
  it 's possible she had a different idea of what her new life was going to be like , that she became disillusioned with her prospects and left again . 
  however , whilst that is absolutely possible and perhaps even likely , it would also demonstrate laterally that she apparently does n't give a shit about mass genocide and sexual slavery . 
  which still makes her a terrorist sympathizer and a jihadist . 
  if her ` mistake ' was about anything else than a sudden realization that daesh are genocidal maniacs , i find it to be irrelevant honestly . 
  edit 2 : a word, 
  i refuse to categorize joining genocidal organisations as ` oops , my mistake ' . 
  if you joined the nazi party in ww2 on the outright premise of murdering jews , i do n't think it 's right to say `` oops , mistake '' later on . 
  some things go far past ` mistake ' . 
  except that this woman made a conscious decision to join isis . 
  claiming wholesale ignorance is one thing , but hers obviously was n't . 
  she was aware of their existence , undeniably aware to some extent of their motives and viewpoints , their location and how to get there . 
  evidence shows this woman was not ignorant of daesh at all ; how else do you end up joining them ?!, 
  yet when push comes to shove , she 's pretending she 's somehow so immensely shocked by what daesh actually is . 
  now , i posit the point that she 's either a near-retard or , and this is in a way a scarier option , that the bubble she lived in was so twisted that daesh ' obvious motivations are sold as a good thing there , with no fucking way to deny knowledge of daesh ' atrocities , because daesh is keen to share them as a propaganda tool . 
  if daesh lured people with imagery of free ice cream , religious freedom and secular humanism , then i can understand being very disillusioned upon arriving in raqqa . 
  but daesh does n't lure people with that .
