  there will be no point to it . 
   i take it you think we should keep the same exact yardstick when listening to eu politicians like schulz make their claims ? 
  anyone not taking inherent bias into account when judging sources is a fucking moron , yes . 
  sadly , most people are only capable of being skeptical about things they do n't like . 
  that 's why you 're not being skeptical right now . 
  you like the quote so you have no doubt it 's really real . 
  just how trumplets love pizzagate and infowars . 
  extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  you have an extraordinary claim and literally * one * dude going `` yeah he totally said that to me in a private conversation '' . 
  aight . 
  not enough . 
  an israeli politician in an israeli newspaper twisting something to be pro-israel ? 
  would never happen , right ?!, 
  for an odd quote of that caliber , people want a little bit more to show for it , yes . 
  esp when angry right-wingers spam it fucking everywhere as if it 's the holy grail . 
  it 's double hearsay . 
  world of difference with actual evidence . 
  but apparently that does n't stop angry rightwingers such as yourself to plaster that quote all over reddit . 
  you do realize that 's not actually a * source * for the quote ? 
  that 's just a ` someone says ' . 
  not anything tangible . 
  another expansion for the witcher ? 
  probably a few drowners in that water as well . 
  lmao , the brexit campaign had no fucking plan for when they won and your courts just had a big say in the matter as well with a ruling . 
  but you 're blaming the remainers ? 
  that 's fucking rich . 
  if you stub your toe on the bedpost in the morning , do you blame the remainers for that too ? 
  i quite like that actually :p has an electrix six vibe !, 
  deep musings about the societal effects of 19th century industrialization , no ? 
  i like nephew a lot . 
  that count for something ? 
  and if gaius julius caesar was a sperm whale the roman empire as we know it may never have happened . 
  if if if . 
  ` if ' does n't buy you anything . 
  y' all just needed some ` breathing space ' . 
  many triggered trumplets in this thread . 
  newspaper owners do n't automatically mean the outlets are some kind of mouth piece ... 
  this knee-jerk invalidation is exactly what u/koleye is talking about . 
  it 's painfully obvious you have no idea what you are talking about right now . 
  0800-fuck-the-polish ? 
   why is clinton worse than trump ? 
  moderate charges !, 
  that makes so much more sense than ` moderated barges ' lmao . 
  still though , that 19th century norwegian spacing is weaksauce . 
  fascinating !, 
  one never really thinks about tourism much in those days . 
  cern 's large hadron collider is in switzerland . 
  the austrians are innocent in this ( for once !, 
  [ this ] ( http://i.amz.mshcdn.com/juth_jk3rstp8o-yuecota69xki=/fit-in/1440x1440/uploads%2f2016%2f12%2f7%2fnorwaystereoviews_22.jpg ) joint has an english sign !, 
  guess it was in a , even back then , touristy area ?? 
   here is the tourists cottage ** hygea **  first class refreshment = room * something *  cold refreshments . 
  moderated barges  * english tourists * `` moderated barges '' is prolly an old-timey way of saying ` you can take a bout tour with us ' . 
  hard fucking life back then . 
  i 've got a whole bunch of them res-tagged due to some particularly deplorable topics on that shithole sub , and without failure , i see the users popping up in different subs and different topics saying , surprise surprise ! , truly deplorable shit . 
  it really is a pure , undiluted hatesub . 
  the ^ alt-reich ^ in action , people . 
  hitler liked to kill homosexuals , so it 's no wonder his disciples love it as well . 
  or two jean renos !, 
  [ it 's alongwaytogo , when you do n't know where you 're going , you do n't know where you 're going when you 're lost ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0loobj3k_vk ), 
  the feline that was promised . 
  according to the wiki , the dock was built in the early 15th century . 
  so we 're talking medieval ships on a freshwater lake with , by the looks of it , not that much draught . 
  in other words , those ships are n't going to be absolutely massive , so your gate does n't need to be huge either . 
  i love the ones on hills too !, 
  though waterfort is best fort , of course . 
  it 's a castle with a fortified port . 
  i love castles !, 
  i love this !, 
   the 35-year-old had been radicalised in prison by a convicted al-qaida terrorist , dhiren barot , in 2007 while serving an eight-year term for firing a shotgun at police during an arrest . 
  and this is why we keep fuckface terrorists on separate wings these days . 
   it 's not really years - it 's hours . 
  yes , raw years are n't a great indicator , so it makes little sense to judge aircraft that way , which was the reason for having this discussion in the first place . 
   then again the 90s the us . 
  us would n't needed to have done that if you lot were n't so busy with starvation-genociding each other . 
  cos it 's like saying a rally car would be destroyed on a track by an f1 car ? 
  it 's not wrong but it does n't make a lot of sense to point it out . 
  well , it 's a strike fighter , not an air superiority fighter , sooo yeaaah , but it 's kind of a meaningless thing to say . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.popularmechanics.com/military/weapons/a17395/boeing-unveils-a-missile-slinging-version-of-the-f-15-eagle/ ) article ( sep. 2015 ) , the average age of the usaf 's f-15 fleet is 28 years and retirement is n't yet in sight . 
  the first 15e rolled off the line in 1988 , so those first batches of strike eagle are getting close to 30 years now , and they 're planning to keep them flying for another 10 years or so at the very least . 
  fos is something that many people can get ridiculously hypocritical about . 
  your souce says that the active average service life is 22 years . 
  how the hell do you get ` it 's done after 20 years ' from that ? 
  from a quick glance there 's well over a 1000 active falcons with more than those average 22 years . 
  planes are retired for more reasons than just ` airframe is spent ' . 
  i do n't think the average overall service life is a great indicator of when the airframe is ` spent ' . 
  and they can easily convey the same message without the very overt and explicit language . 
  it 's not difficult to preach insanely hateful and violent things without direct and overt calls to violence . 
  you really think some off-the-deep-end hate imam wo n't be able to hold an inciting sermon without breaking the specific ` direct call to violence ' part ? 
  it 's typical . 
  they want full and unrestricted freedom of speech for only for their own views . 
  either one argues for full and unrestricted freedom of speech , or one argues consistenly for certain limitations . 
  people who wish-wash with their hypocritical bullshit can feck off . 
  but fighter planes are n't pulling crazy g 's all the time . 
  the stress limit is high enough to not have to retire a fleet of fighters after 10 years or so . 
  if you have one plane that , for some reason , eats four times the g 's in half the timeframe for what would be average , that specific airframe may have to be retired early . 
  but it does n't say much about the entire fleet . 
  you wo n't get b-52 lifetime out of a fighter , certainly not a navalised fighter , but i would n't call 20-25 years super old just yet . 
  well that just depends how much stress you put on the airframes ofc . 
  the current rnlaf falcons are airframes from the early 80s . 
  not falling apart just yet .
