  how would a couple dozen severely outdated aircraft help turkey 's aviation industry ? 
  i contemplated making a sws post but it seems kind of cheap since i 'm the one pushing back already . 
  if you want some easy karma though ... \\* hint hint *, 
   but you have n't shown anything to make me thing you have a better grasp . 
  i 'm literally explaining it in my posts to you ...  what about this , and what about that . 
  typhoon was a good design , poorly implemented . 
  tempest is what typhoon should 've been from the start , and yeah , tempest is an awesome plane . 
  p-38 was practically non-existent in the eto . 
  the only difference it made was when the allies bombed ploiesti , it was more cannon fodder for the axis pilots , being caught low and slow . 
  absolutely none of this is relevant to defend your claim that the 190 ` inspired the allies ' . 
   why are you comparing a twin-engine multi-purpose aircraft the p-38 is not a multi-purpose aircraft ... ` lockheed designed the p-38 in response to a february 1937 specification from the united states army air corps . 
  circular proposal x-608 was a set of aircraft performance goals authored by first lieutenants benjamin s. kelsey and gordon p. saville for a twin-engine , high-altitude `` interceptor '' having `` the tactical mission of interception and attack of hostile aircraft at high altitude '' ' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockheed_p-38_lightning#design_and_development literally the first sentence of the relevant section , man . 
   i do n't know if it 's your long hours of war thunder bullshit that make you so aggressive and confrontational , but you need to chill the fuck down . 
  wt players and wargame players are the most egregious offenders of linear thinking , so no . 
  i 'm not particularly aggressive or confrontational , i 'm pointing out some common misconceptions and inconsistencies in your argument . 
  you made a hard claim that , and i quote , `` this new kind of tactic inspired the allies to make their own speed devils '' . 
  a claim that is nonsense , as it implies the allies were unaware of this new way of aerial combat until the germans did it with their 190 . 
  that 's verifiable bullshit from a factual standpoint first and a prime example of linear thinking second . 
  when i point out to you that this is a poor argument , you did n't go `` yeah maybe i phrased it poorly '' , no you doubled down and went even deeper into the rabbithole of bad history . 
  if it took until the 190s introduction of august 1941 before the allies were aware of this new hit-n-run , high speed concept of fighting , then why the hell did they start designing and building a large , heavy , high speed , high altitude interceptor in * 1939 * ? 
  the typhoon was the only plane able to challenge the freshly introduced 190 in mid/late 1941 , as the antons were n't high altitude champions themselves , and the typhoon was faster than the early antons over a fair bit of the altitude band . 
  saying it was ` nowhere near the 190 as far as top speed goes ' is just demonstrably false ... 
  the mustang suffered from the underpowered allison engine , but that has nothing to do with the aircraft 's design , which was low-drag high speed . 
  the appearance of the 190 did n't change much at all on a hypothetical design level because it was common knowledge by then that air combat was evolving in that direction . 
  to claim the 190 '' inspired the allies to make their own speed devils '' is utter rubbish and suffers from the typical ' x caused y ' linear thinking so often displayed by people who only have a shallow grasp of the subject matter . 
  if the 190 ` inspired the allies ' , then what the fuck is the p-38 ? 
  a really , really bad angle fighter ? 
  come the fuck on now ... this notion that only the germans affected or were aware of changing air combat tactics is wehrabooism of the highest grade . 
   call it what you will , but the appearance of the fw190 in the sky changed things . 
  yeah , it kicked the ass of the spit v 's . 
  then the brits made the ix as a stopgap and it turned out to be a great counter to the 190 . 
  leveled the playing field . 
  the 190 first flight was in june '39 and it was introduced in august '41 the tiffy 's first flight was in february '40 and it was introduced in september '41 the mustang 's first flight was in october '40 and it was introduced in january ' 42 . 
  there 's only a few months separating these aircraft . 
  furthermore , the p-38 first flew in january '39 and was introduced in july ' 41 , quite clearly before the 190 first took to the skies or was introduced . 
  the 190 did n't inspire shit on the allied side . 
  amazing find , especially since there are n't any a3 's preserved . 
   the fw-190 was an exceptional hit-and-run fighter , and this new kind of tactic inspired the allies to make their own speed devils - such as the p-47 thunderbolt , the p-51 mustang or the british tempest . 
  the 190 certainly did not ` inspire ' the allies to make similar fighters , that 's wehraboo nonsense . 
  around 1940 it was well obvious that there was a shift towards emphasis on speed . 
  you 're forgetting that designs such as the mustang and the typhoon ( from which the tempest was derived ) were contemporaries of the 190 , not machines built years later , and that early war staple fighters such as the hurricane , spit , 109 were mid 30s designs . 
  [ this ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-6-h5z2zngfa/vp3msm4qhyi/aaaaaaaaxgs/ylfn0dfnrk8/s1600/dscf1200.jpg ) picture, 
  well that 's the problem with a moniker than anyone can adopt . 
  which is a mistake i think they 've made , as i said , because the core concept of blm is very valid , as it brings to attention problems with the american police system that actually affect all americans regardless of ethnicity . 
  at the same time i 'm not surprised it 's the black communities who every once in a while galvanize around this subject , as wanton police brutality is not a stranger to them . 
  did not catch your initial tongue in cheek , internet being a poor conveyor of such things after all . 
  oh , i agree completely . 
  i think the leadership is part religious zealot , part iraqi nationalist , part opportunist . 
  the rank and file is probably even more divided , with people who have little choice or do n't know any better mixed in . 
  i do think it 's fair to say that in their outward image , the religious zealotry definitely takes the upper hand . 
  whether that is a reflection of genuine broad sentiment amongst the ranks or a clever attempt at the most efficient form of recruiting is difficult to gauge . 
  the polandball comic about the \u00c5land thing is one of my favourites and an absolute classic . 
  also the only reason i even know about it . 
  so you 're saying ... she 's a golddigger ? 
  show us on the plushy bulldog where the bad union touched you . 
  name checks out . 
  i think israel would rather party with us . 
  and i 'm happy to accept them . 
  more goa and jewbab for us . 
  i 'm always loathe to accept people 's words that isis are n't ` real muslims ' . 
  if it 's a facade , they 're doing an utterly amazing , absolutely amazing job of fronting as religious maniacs . 
  they might not be ` real muslims ' in the eyes of the escaped/defected guy , but that smells of some fallacy involving a scotsman . 
  not to mention that religious elements are always eager to denounce other denominations as ` untrue ' . 
  whilst i 'm quick to agree that the lack of leaders and the too easily adopted umbrella term of `` blm '' has been a mistake and has led to some nutcases associating themselves with the wider movement , one has to have a really fucked up view of black american communities if you think blm in general is 5 years away from going full isis . 
  i mean come the fuck on now . 
  edit : lel downvotes . 
  racists be triggered , yo . 
  i 'd rather not , the weather is quite shit right now . 
  i 've been to the supermarket earlier this afternoon , though . 
  does that count ? 
  triggered, 
  stroll through his post history and your questions will be answered . 
  can we get some genuine mexican food posts next time ? 
  i will be waiting with plenty of saliva . 
  we will send a latvian delegation . 
  they will be overjoyed to travel to the homeland of the potato !, 
  aye , they 're trying to dissuade traffic in the city center and that 's a noble goal i suppose . 
  oh , i would n't know about parking for residents . 
  just that if one is going to a'dam by car , you 'll be out a limb on the parking costs if you want to park anywhere close to the center . 
  easily 5 euros an hour . 
  but a foxhound ca n't drop bombs :(, 
  lol , it 's just an innocent reference , dude . 
  ` all the kids ' - his audience spans a pretty decent age range actually ... 
   you ever see what it costs to park in manhattan ? 
  pretty sure amsterdam has you beat , and then some . 
  did n't know the mighty jingles was into this type of stuff . 
  i 've never opened the car door with my ` opposite ' hand . 
  i do something that 's even more extraordinary and out of this world . 
  i look over my shoulder . 
  yeah , yeah , i know . 
  i 'm amazing . 
  can you touch me ? 
  well , just a little fidget then . 
  depends on the babka and rudelach output of 85-95 . 
  if that keeps trend with the rising shekel , we might see a serious increase overall . 
  it was on the edge , what he said , but not so much over the edge that i would cheer a politician getting prosecuted for something they said . 
  he 's still a deplorable cunt though , that 'll never change . 
  and about two weeks before that ( give or take ) godwinson beat back the invading norse at stamford bridge some 400km to the north . 
  were it not for the timing of the two events being so close together , history may have turned out considerably different . 
  the great kosher crisis of ' 83 .
