  least of all most of the rest . 
  bit more complicated than that . 
  no one said we were perfect, 
   as a former soldier who went through a concentration camp he 's probably not a very mentally stable person . 
  that 's fucking sad . 
  how 's mental healthcare and/or aftercare for vets in bosnia ? 
  % # ( & % fuck you pa\u00cblla munchers , ( ) * & ! $ 1579 best year of life , hope everlasting si\u00cbsta claims you lazy bastards , choke on casillas ' toe you catholic pieces of shite , % % & & $ @ ! _ ## ! remove spain from premises , % & * # % ^ ( * #nuke andalus@#^% . ^ . ^ . ^ . ^ < 3, 
  just being generally fa-bu-louuuuus, 
  onwards , brethren !, 
  burn their huts !, 
  kill their women !, 
  rape their dogs !, 
  ... uuh , wait . . 
   these warlords did n't found a religion which includes a totalitarian sociopolitical system and are n't revered as perfect timeless role model however . 
  they can be criticized for their barbaric actions , etc. 
  muhammad must under no circumstances be criticized . 
  it 's one of the biggest crimes . 
  but that 's on muslims to choose to emulate a 7th century warlord as a great role model more than a millennium later and espousing his wildly out of date values . 
  you ca n't put that on muhammad as a historical figure , though . 
  for his time , he was no better or worse than most ; that he 's held up today as a perfect role model is retarded , but it 's not muhammad 's fault . 
  saying he was a 7th century hitler is nonsense . 
  it 's the 7th century we 're talking about . 
  what muhammad did was nothing out of the ordinary for the time-period . 
  by your logic , all warlords and leaders back then were hitlers . 
  which is fine , if you want to backdate moralize their actions , but do n't single out muhammad specifically . 
  he was no better or no worse . 
  not a worthy 21st century role model by any stretch of the imagination , but he was n't particularly evil for his day or anything . 
   bigger hole in your maize not sure this is an expression in english ... did you confuse maize with mazen in a net ? 
  very well said . 
  that 's indeed the odd , odd thing about ksa as a totalitarian regime . 
  it 's fairly unique in this way . 
  i would say what most adheres to modern humanist morals and values . 
  that is best . 
  what constitutes practicing homosexuality in public ? 
  we can remind them a 100 times , if they do n't wan na play ball they do n't wan na play ball . 
  at least as a temporary solution to protect the refugays , this is not a bad move . 
  but obviously it does n't solve the wider problem , or even comes close to doing so . 
  this is both good and bad news . 
  good news that those most-at-risk groups are now relatively safe ( and if it were up to me they would be prioritized for asylum rights etc ) . 
  bad news because it shows the monumental task that ` we ' have ahead of us reeducating this influx of immigrants ... and as of yet i 'm not fully convinced most of our politicians have the balls to force this ` reeducation process ' . 
  it 's definitely possible , but we need to enlist the help of actually * liberal * muslims , not the ` moderates ' , and a whole bunch of cracked eggs regarding ideas of cultural identity , authenticity , religious freedom , etc etc, 
  it definitely happens , though not very overtly and i wonder if those ` regressive leftists ' really realize how strange their bedfellows are in this . 
  it 's mostly about the traditional left 's choice who to listen to when it comes to spokespersons for muslims in the west . 
  by embracing so-called ` moderate ' muslims , nawaz disparagingly calls them ` ghetto chieftains ' , for decades , we have , perhaps sub-consciously so far , been holding immigrant communities to a lesser moral standard than what we would expect from our own . 
  a devil 's compromise , in my eyes . 
  with the minorities-within-minorities as the ultimate victims in this , unfortunately those are exactly the people our shared value-system was supposed to protect . 
  it 's not about elements of the traditional left openly endorsing anti-women , anti-gay stances from islamic communities . 
  because you 're right , * that * does n't happen so overtly . 
  however , when the traditional left picks rather illiberal people from illiberal backgrounds , not full blown wahhabists but certainly not * liberals * either , as the people to deal with , to talk to regarding solving problems within islamic communities ... well , progress will simply not be made , will it ? 
  problems will not get solved . 
  problems that the traditional left should , in accordance with traditional leftist ( liberal , progressive ) attitudes , prioritise the highest . 
  practice what in public exactly ? 
   the flip side of this is that you could view american parties as more comparable to coalitions in a parliamentary system , rather than parties in such a system . 
  within the coalition , there are groups with extreme views , simply because there is no other place to obtain political influence . 
  oh , absolutely , and that 's why a straight up comparison between dems/reps and any european political party falls flat on its arse . 
  but if the author of the piece can describe parties like fn and pvv as extremist , there is no conceivable reason why ( large ) elements of either the democratic or republican party could not be regarded as extremists as well . 
   it 's on us to ensure that they are treated equally to our women and our gays . 
  but how are we going to do that when so-called liberals keep fraternizing with ` moderate ' muslims in an effort to establish some form of cultural authenticity for them as a group , instead of empowering * liberal * muslims to enact change from within ? 
  the ` liberal betrayal ' by the ` regressive left ' swapped championing individual autonomy for communal rights , leading to the marginalizing of said minorities within minorities ; the women , gays , apostates , freethinkers within our european islamic communities . 
  if we keep holding european muslims to lesser standards than our own , because that 's somehow ` culturally authentic ' for them , we are telling the real minorities amongst them to basically get stuffed . 
  as maajid nawaz said : `` this is why i do n't like the ` fellow-travelers ' who would hold hands with extreme islamists and walk along the path to entirely illiberal ends , believing they 're doing muslims a favour , when in fact they 're surrendering all those muslims who seek reform , - to their deaths , in many instances - by quietly acquiescing to regimes and principles that would aspire to have them killed '' . 
  oooh yes keftedes !, 
  that takes me back to my youth when i learned to love keftedes as a young boy . 
  what about women and homosexuals within islamic communities here in the west ? 
  the minorities within the minorities . 
  they are the greatest at-risk groups and the ones that we european progressive-liberals , in the spirit of traditional liberalism , have the greatest responsbility towards . 
  it 's not so much about * our * women , * our * gays , but also very much about * theirs * . 
  and i 'm sure they would all just sit in poland twirling their thumbs when they noticed a massive allied force build-up on their western border ... you ca n't exactly ` stealth-invade ' . 
  easier said than done with hindsight 20/20 sauce . 
  do you think that would 've been achievable ? 
  just rolling through germany ? 
  surely , the jerries would totally let you do that , right ? 
  yes , let 's bomb saudi arabia , that 's a brilliant idea . 
  i think the notion that we , ` the west ' , can somehow pressure the saudi government into compliance with human rights etc , is notoriously flawed . 
  any real change needs to come from within saudi society , it can not come from outside . 
  especially not under pressure . 
  the ksa government is mostly interested in stability and rulership . 
  much of the support of their barbaric practices comes from saudi society . 
  the royals comply to stay in the comfy saddle . 
  how can we change that by pressuring their government ? 
  we ca n't . 
  what if one 's tribe * does * feel human above anything else , but elements of the tribe you 're trying to accomodate do not ? 
  bit of an odd analogy . 
  you want to make special forces roam the european continent on some kind of where 's waldo : refugee edition tour ? 
  that 's hardly going to solve the issue , is it ? 
  did n't france and uk declare war on germany when they invaded poland ? 
  what were they supposed to do in addition ? 
  just march through germany or something ? 
  `` extremist parties have never been popular in the united states , '' eeeh ... according to the vast majority of europe , the tea party republicans * are * an extremist party , mate ... 
  this article does n't sit well with me . 
  the author is trying to paint europe 's political landscape as dominated by madmen and extremists , whilst upholding the idea that the two american parties are somehow so much more moderate . 
  well i 'm sorry , but looking back at 20 years of democrat and republican nominees , the usa had some ** absolute fucking maniacs ** on the list . 
  yes , but this is about the book . 
  for a general overview of ww2 , it 's not necessary to hack your way through the dense verbal undergrowth that is mein kampf . 
  if that means an interpretation/variant of islam whilst adhering to general humanist values , then yes please . 
  i 'm not one of those doomsday naysayers who think islam can never at all be reformed and is inherently evil . 
  it can definitely be reformed , but we need the help of * liberal * ( not `` moderate '' ) muslims first and foremost , and a fair few cracked eggs to make that omelette . 
  depending on what kind of imams and mosques this money will actually be funding , this could be a great initiative or a spectacular clusterfuck . 
  shitting on wallonians is something that can always bring the dutch and the flemish closer together :p, 
  til that the slavic name `` svetlana '' has something to do with light .
