full article below : this is perhaps one of the most shocking statistics about the eurozone : the last time core inflation was close to the official 2 per cent target was in may 2007 , almost nine years ago . 
  the core rate , which measures the underlying inflation trend , is telling us that the european central bank 's monetary policy has been off-track for a very long time . 
  and lately , the rate has fallen again . 
  is there something the ecb can do when its governing council meets this thursday ? 
  i have three recommendations . 
  one useful measure that would bring immediate benefits would be purchases of non-performing loans in the banking sector . 
  it could be accompanied by policies to force cross-border bank mergers . 
  this would detoxify and restructure the banking system in a swoop . 
  the objective should be not to protect bank profits but to get banks to take on more risk . 
  this would then make it easier for the ecb to cut the deposit rate , which applies to bank reserves at the central bank . 
  the deposit rate is now -0.3 per cent . 
  negative rates are tricky . 
  if they fall too low , banks may find it cheaper to store their reserves in cash vaults . 
  some german banks are already preparing for this . 
  no one knows how far rates can go down until that moment comes but we are not at that limit now . 
  a rate cut of up to 0.5 percentage points -- taking the deposit rate to -0.8 per cent -- would still keep us on the safe side of that limit because the cost of insuring large amounts of vault cash is expensive . 
  my second recommendation is about measures that should not be taken -- policy gimmicks . 
  these are decisions that get some people excited but will not lift the rate of inflation . 
  for example , the ecb should not buy bank bonds , or indeed any other form of corporate bonds , or equity . 
  the reason banks are not lending is not a lack of funding but the presence of too many toxic assets on their balance sheets . 
  it would be much better to address this problem directly . 
  another gimmick to avoid is so called two-tier interest rates . 
  the basic idea is to split the deposit rate into two , with a lower rate applied to reserves above a certain threshold . 
  if you exempt a certain part of the reserves from the negative rates , you provide some relief , but that also reduces the effect of the measure itself . 
  my third recommendation regards future policies . 
  the ecb should hold an open debate about policy alternatives , starting with a realisation that quantitative easing has failed . 
  the ecb acted late , and did not do enough . 
  qe , the injection of liquidity through large-scale purchase of bonds , might have worked if it had been implemented in 2008 . 
  when it was introduced last year , it was too late . 
  the purchasing volumes were puny compared with similar programmes in the us , the uk and japan ; the time given for the programme too little . 
  perhaps the most important difference is the operating environment . 
  the programmes in the us and the uk started when market interest rates were higher than today . 
  the european programme came when rates were already low . 
  since one of the main objectives of qe is to lower rates , its marginal impact is thus much smaller . 
  so what are the policy alternatives the governing council should discuss ? 
  i have argued in favour of a ` helicopter drop ' , even before the recent deterioration in economic growth and the outlook . 
  a helicopter drop means that the ecb would print and distribute money to citizens directly . 
  if it were to distribute , say , $ 3,000 bn or about $ 10,000 per citizen over five years , that would take care of the inflation problem nicely . 
  it would provide an immediate demand boost , and drive up investment as suppliers expanded their capacity to meet this extra demand . 
  the policy would bypass governments and the financial sector . 
  the financial markets would hate it . 
  there is nothing in it for them . 
  but who cares ? 
  the ecb has not run out of ammunition but the number of effective policy tools is clearly finite . 
  it should not dismiss them casually , or it might risk losing what little credibility it has left . 
  can not find the duplicate entry though, 
  sure sorry and thanks !, 
  well right now private banks are creating most of the money supply by issuing credit , why not make money creation benefit to people once in a while ... 
  you have n't read the article , have you ? 
  or it could be that more suicidal women do have children to take care of . 
   `` free money for everyone '' would raise the economy , but so would putting people to break a window and then paying them to rebuild it . 
  quite an absurd comparison . 
  but agreed this is not a silver bullet but still an effective way to prevent deflation spirales which should be one of the instruments available to cope with major crisis . 
  as far as i know central banks do n't need to collect tax when they create money . 
  us and australia back in 2008 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_stimulus_act_of_2008 https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/28/australia-global-economic-crisis, 
  if the rules were that clear , then why did n't trichet do qe under his mandate ? 
  trichet specifically ruled it out because of his interpretation of the treaty . 
  which then was interpreted different by the ecb under draghi ... qe is only clearly legal since the european court of justice ruled it so -- and because germans claimed it as not !, 
  so i 'm sorry but no , the rules were probably not so clear . 
  regarding your last point i dont want neither a full return to a french style central banking regime . 
  the question is rather on whether we can find a european compromise between the two extreme models instead of just imposing the german one to everyone . 
   what he means is that the ecb will buy the safest financial products which are mostly government bonds . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  you just described what the ecb is * currently * doing under qe and which is different from helicopter money . 
  for sure helicopter money has similar consequences as a fiscal stimulus . 
  however one has to look at this from an institutional perspective . 
  a central bank distributing money directly to citizens as a one shot , just to meet its inflation mandate is a different thing than governments implementing permanent fiscal policy reforms with taxations and budget allocations , welfare benefits etc. 
  saying that helicopter money is fiscal policy would ultimately imply that governments are equally responsible for price stability . 
  this would be institutionally very confusing . 
  you also have to bear in mind the different legislation in the us vs. eu . 
  in the eurozone despite the monetary financing prohibition it is not forbidden for the ecb to finance individuals ( unlike in the us i think ) . 
  the swiss never did neither ... until they actually did . 
  never say never . 
  of course those were the rules from the beginning . 
  no monetary financing in the eurozone , no bailout etc. . 
  however as ugly as this may sound , those aspects were completely overlooked by everyone . 
  i once talked to a london trader who described to me the panic in his trading room when they checked the eu treaty and realised that qe was ( back in 2012 ) illegal . 
  they just freaked out !, 
  it 's easy to blame on the irish or the greeks , just do n't forget that virtually everyone did not fully understand the implications of the eurozone arrangement . 
  rules are fine , but when you can have a system in place to quickly revise them after you realize how terrible they are . 
  the problem in the eu is the incapacity / unwillingness to change the treaty . 
  instead we came up with worse solutions that in effect just imply piling up more debt onto the existing pile . 
  the irony is that if germany were outside the eurozone , then the bundesbank nowadays would be printing billions and buy foreign debt to devaluate the overvalued dm . 
  the point being , the whole world can not be just like germany . 
  legitimate doubt given how much flawed the eurozone is in the first place . 
  on the other hand precisely because the eurozone is a mess and the ecb is not lender of last resort etc. 
  they might have no other option at some point than to do helicopter money ( or to be precise the other option would be to break up the ez ) . 
  i bet mario draghi would not hesitate . 
  helicopter money would indeed be a major innovation in the monetary policy framework . 
  but given the extraordinary times central banks are living in where all conventional tools do not work anymore , is n't it time to consider new ideas ? 
  hmm bernanke actually did formulate a concrete , workable , serious helicopter money proposal : https://www.brookings.edu/blog/ben-bernanke/2016/04/11/what-tools-does-the-fed-have-left-part-3-helicopter-money/, 
  if you are concerned about your savings you should rather be angry at the currently ecb 's ultra low ( negative ) rates and qe . 
  both are harming savings and pensions funds . 
  helicopter money on the opposite would allow the central bank to raise rates while stimulating the economy to reach its mandate . 
  the proposal they talk about in the article is actually aligned with what you say : helicopter money can be done , but only under a independent central bank regime and under circumstances where it is clearly needed ( inflation is too low ) . 
  the whole purpose of helicopter money is to raise inflation to maintain price stability, 
  ok but then any action by the central bank is `` an indirect way of financing governments '' !, 
  for example when the ecb lower rates to incentivize banks to increase the money supply , it is also indirectly stimulating spendings in the economy which eventually turn into tax income for governments ... 
  i guess we need to understand that the prohibition of monetary financing relies on the principle that we want member states to respect a certain degree of fiscal discipline . 
  i think helicopter money precisely does a better job at preserving fiscal discipline than qe .
