i thought that was the whole point of ukip ? 
  independence for all !, 
  scotland votes leave ( the uk ) !, 
  ireland votes leave ( the uk ) !, 
  everyone votes leave !, 
  fair point . 
  although one could argue in a way america is still an 'em pire ' . 
  pretty much a super power , global influence and territory 's all over the place . 
  but aye , my point is that the power we once had is n't what we have now . 
  our ability to control trade throughout history is n't what we have anymore and it 's through working together to get more or less free trade that we 'll prosper . 
  it 's not indispensable - it is something we can work on , we 're one of the top three players on the eu and if anyone could push a change in it , it 'd be us . 
  yeah it 's going to be awkward but that 's always the case in all law changes . 
  bit like trying to work around the us constitution , it 's possible just ... awkward if you want to avoid stepping on toes . 
  and it can negotiate a free trade agreement on its own - but it would be no way near as good as what we have now . 
  i 'm not saying it 'd be economy collapsing levels of bad necessarily but there 's no denying it 'd be worse , it 's just hard to say by how much , in fact no one really knows how can it 'd be - it could be just a smallish rise in the cost of all imported goods , or it could be far worse . 
  why it 'll be worse though : look at it form the perspective of all outside country 's : right now , when you look at the uk for trade - you look at all of europe as a whole - hence the term single market . 
  instead of negotiating with one country with limited resources , you negotiate with a huge number of country 's with a lots of resources . 
  if we leave however , we 're just an independent country - we 're totally limited to what resources we have and if somewhere in europe does it better/cheaper than us , they 've no reason to go to us when they could go to them instead . 
  on top of that there 's also the simple matter of influence - we influence both the eu and the rest of the world more when we 're part of the eu - because we 're basically partially representing a huge part of a continent , instead of just one bit . 
  imagine it like trying to negotiate as just a single state in the us with just its resources rather than the full country - of course that 's a terrible example but it 's the best compassion i can make off the top of my head . 
  and yes we did it before - but times have very much moved on . 
  we used to be an empire and a very imperialistic one for that matter . 
  i mean for reference we only lost control of india in 1947 i believe . 
  a lot of the old deals we negotiated were made when we were more of a power to be reckoned with - but we 're not a super-power anymore and making a deal from scratch will never be as good as one built up over time . 
  i know this seems hard to understand but not every video that suggests staying in remain is ` propaganda ' . 
  let alone turkish propaganda . 
  that 's like calling all the leave campaigns ` racist propaganda ' - it 's bullshit . 
  they 're just well known celebrity 's stating their opinions - and trust me if you know clarkson well enough , he 's very vocal about his opinions - he would n't bother being in this video if he did n't honestly believe what he said . 
  because the european single market deal is linked with the immigration policy . 
  they are n't separate things . 
  norway is n't part of the eu and they 're still part of the single market - except because they left , they can no longer renegotiate it even if they want to . 
  if we want to change the eus immigration policy being linked with the single market we stay in so we can stay on the negotiating table . 
  if we leave the eu we leave the single market . 
  which basically means having to renegotiate all trade deals world wide from scratch ... except instead of having all the resources of the single market to negotiate with , we 're just limited to ours . 
   keep betting that importing the trash of the third world also i 'm making the polite assumption you 're talking about the mass produced low quality goods and not people here . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  the european single market helps pretty much everyone in it . 
  it 's basically a huge agreement for everyone in it so all company 's big and small can send goods across borders within it while meeting both country 's laws . 
  it saves a colossal amount of red tape and money . 
  we leave , we have to write all that from scratch - which sounds great in theory , until you realize we 're still sending goods over borders anyway when you export them , except now we have less influence over the country 's we export them to . 
  which includes country 's outside of europe too - after all , every country in the world trades with us based off the single market principles , we leave and we have to renegotiate the whole lot , except instead of speaking for lots of markets at once - we speak for just ours , and we do n't offer more alone than we do as part of the eu . 
  sort of is ? 
  or it may as well be . 
  most people own a tv in the uk . 
  i mean for reference a quick google search claims that there were ~ 25 million licensee fees were registered in 2011 . 
  it 's basically a ` tv tax ' . 
  it 's the same way we have car tax . 
  do n't own a car ? 
  do n't pay the tax . 
  legal wording wise ? 
  maybe not the correct way of describing it but for general perspective and understanding it 's basically a tax . 
  honestly , i 'm trying to remain as moderate as possible on the whole topic but you 're mostly right . 
  people play the racist card too much . 
  you can want to limit immigration without being a racist or even xenophobic , some people are genuinely concerned for the economic consequences . 
  lets be honest though there are plenty of hints of racism/xenophobia amongst the leave campaign but it 's not like it 's the only reasoning behind it . 
  i think one thing that does bother me with the leave campaign though is they do claim it 's for the benefit of the economy/british worker , and yet leaving the eu and changing immigration laws means leaving the single market - which is undeniably awful for trade and henceforth terrible for the economy . 
  threat ? 
  i work for a company based overseas which i 'm not comfortable with specifying the name of but lets just say if businesses start leaving the uk because we left europe i 'd be pretty pissed off . 
  hell - from my experience in my line of work , businesses are fickle as hell and will sell and drop ones that do n't make as much of a profit if they can get better deals elsewhere . 
  end of the world ? 
  losing me a job ? 
  bloody likely . 
  threatening maybe - but if it 's the truth i 'd rather know it . 
  why do you think he waited this long to make a statement ? 
  making ` threats ' like this is extremely risky , very cost and can fuck with shares prices hugely . 
  erm . 
  i dunno about that . 
  it really depends where you 're from in the uk but down here in the south west almost all the labour people i know are voting to stay and trust me when i say they ( and myself but i 'm not a labour voter - supporter maybe but i do n't vote for them ) are very working class . 
  the fact is almost all labour supported , rich and poor hate ukip - maybe even more than the conservatives do and they know if we leave the eu ukip gain a lot of power - and from what i can tell for that reason alone that 's a very good reason to stay . 
  although to be honest i 'd like to see some actual statistics . 
  i 'd be very surprised to see a ` overwhelming majority ' of what 's generally a left-wing party be in favour of supporting a right-wing party that wants to leave the eu to establish right-wing policy 's . 
  of course we 're bloody not . 
  i never claimed we were . 
  i 'm not sure where you picked that up from . 
  things are far more complicated than that . 
  however what i am saying is there 's no current reasonable way to know in this referendum who is actually the ` right ' side . 
  there 's been a tonne of statistics done and numbers thrown around but no unbiased party has simply said something like `` considering tariffs , job loss what we give to the eu etc the net loss/gain is : x '' . 
  lots of individual numbers and claims ( that sometimes turn out to be false ) but nothing really truly defining . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  look at the polls over the last few months , they 're always close and constantly the lead goes back and forth - because we 're just working on the latest news as we go because nobody has really given us enough critical information to work with . 
  honestly it 's not an unreasonable opinion . 
  i do n't fully agree with it but i can see where you 're coming from . 
  it 's the same sort of thing i argue for court cases - should a jury of random people really be making decisions on crimes in particularly technical cases where inside knowledge of the topic is essential to fully grasping what 's going on ? 
  sure you can grasp some of the facts , get the general gist and so on but it 's a lot more complicated than just the bits and pieces we manage to pick up . 
  my good sir i think you were down voted because people are sick and tired of hearing the whole `` you only like hearing news/propaganda that suits you ! '', 
  argument . 
  both sides fuck with the news to make it sound favored - but there 's no justification to ` balance ' out the news by countering manipulation with more manipulation - which is half of what this bloody referendum has come down to . 
  both sides trying to make everything sound like its on their side rather than just giving voters the facts like they deserve . 
  not to mention it 's not like his comment even said or even hinted at anything like `` remain would never do this ! '' . 
  you just came to that assumption - probabally because you 're insulted by his statement . 
  well do n't be - because both sides use manipulative propaganda , only the most stubborn and extreme would claim it 's complete one sided . 
  also please do n't do the whole brainwashed bullshit claim - we all get our information from the same sources - the news , be it paper , radio or internet . 
  unless you actually work within the governments involved in this , you 're just getting your facts based of what the news or your campaign of choice has told you . 
  if by the standard that because you listen to news ( that 's inevitably going to be biased one way or another ) you 're brain-washed - then we 're all brainwashed . 
  seriously the brain-washing comments are the type of crap that comes from the_donald . 
  the only reason i sort of agree with you on this is that both campaigns have been doing very little * actual * information distribution for the voters . 
  they both put out information that 's manipulated in their sides favour . 
  and both sides are fear mongering like hell with it - remain will talk about job less and lower pay and increased cost of goods - leave will talk about how much we give the eu ... 
  i think it 'd be fine if we knew everything we heard from both sides was the complete and simple truth . 
  but it rarely is - it 's just some higher up trying futually to put a number on how much it costs everyone or the uk as a whole - but the whole net/gain/loss from taxs ... trades ... jobs - no one bloody knows but i highly doubt it 's completely impossible to do so .
