how original . 
  i 'm not the one who brought up animals in the first place . 
  with perfect use . 
  when it fails , as it often does in large-scale production , it only partially stuns the animal . 
  then they often are alive and feeling when they get bled out upside down in a pretty similar process . 
  more or less anyone who buys meat supports that cruelty . 
  not to mention the way you kill something is a lot less important than the fact you 're killing something you do n't need to kill . 
  well most people in the world torture animals indirectly without religious reasoning sooo, 
  you lose any credibility in any discussion when you victim blame like you just did there . 
  that 's actually completely false . 
  the absolute fundamentalists might not consider them muslims , but there are the exact same kind of christian fundamentalists who do n't consider you christian if you skip church every now and then . 
  moderate muslims do the same thing moderate christians do : they disregard the fundamentalists . 
  it might be a bit harder for them since muslim fundamentalists often consider violence more acceptable than christian ones , but there are tons of muslims who consider women to be equals , are fine with atheists and apostates , and who find sharia law to be absolutely appalling . 
  your comment actually shows you know nothing about how islam or christianity `` work '' . 
  islam is n't an all-or-nothing thing and christianity is n't an a la carte deal you can put together as you please . 
  they both have tons of denominations with subtly or majorly different beliefs , different degrees of leniency on their ` rules ' , and both faiths have plenty of very casual followers who do n't do much beyond observe some traditions . 
  i 'll definitely give you that . 
  i do n't know exactly how to feel about this idea , but i 'm pretty sure i do n't want any religious symbols on any police officers . 
  you can be a muslim without adhering to the particularly sketchy parts that would render someone a shitty police officer . 
  however , you probably can not be a member of far-right groups with racism written into their foundations and still be a good police officer . 
  it 's less a question of can you publish juvenile humor poking fun at a catastrophe , and more should you . 
  i 'll defend their right to do it , but it 's a shitty thing to do and i 'm sad there 's a demand for it . 
  do n't know a better way to link to a wikipedia picture , but [ check this out ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden#/media/file:rate_of_exposure_to_sexual_offences_unchanged_2005-2013.svg ) , wikipedia cites its sources for that . 
  2005-2012 , the reported sex crimes increased and plateaued , while the % of women reporting being a victim stayed very stable . 
  [ more recent statistics ] ( https://www.bra.se/bra/bra-in-english/home/crime-and-statistics/rape-and-sex-offences.html ) also show that there 's really nothing that ` keeps ' rising . 
  there are n't any sex offence statistics that show any notable change in trend since the beginning of the syrian refugee problem . 
  the percent of women reporting exposure to sex offenses spiked in 2013 , and immediately fell in 2014 . 
  i 'm sure somebody who actually lives in sweden might know of more recent statistics , or know things about how refugees ( who can be victims too , remember ) live that may have an impact on both the rates at which they offend or are victimized . 
  sweden 's rape statistics are artificially inflated . 
  from what i 've read , they have a broad definition of rape , count multiple incidents of rape as multiple charges , and generally promote reporting rape moreso than most places . 
  ironically , sweden is probably one of the safer places in the would , despite that statistic . 
  i 'm sure the government of turkey is aware , but anything to shit on other countries to distract from their own problems . 
  [ insert that churchill quote about a 5 minute conversation with the average voter ], 
  oh hey you did n't have to use `` cultural marxism '' this time, 
  i 'm convinced your posts are just an ad-lib where you throw in `` cultural marxism '' and pro-nationalism garbage at random . 
  ignorant american here . 
  how binding is the referendum ? 
  if 50 % +1 vote to leave , is that it ? 
  or is there a whole parliamentary process to go through ? 
  * this is what the far right actually believes *, 
  that 's ... quite the assumption . 
  my point is just that if you want these attitudes to change , skewing public opinion further against muslims really does n't help integration . 
  and if you want those mentalities to change , tactless satire really does n't feel productive to me . 
  not that anyone should be murdered for it , but it is pretty much useless at best and at the worst just makes people 's attitudes towards muslims worse . 
  right , because ch was full of tact and did n't do anything to worsen muslim separation . 
  big difference between `` hey maybe you should n't be an asshole '' and `` slutty women are asking for it '' but nuance is dead , is n't it ? 
  i went into your post history real quick so i could make a snarky `` easy to say for a [ wherever you 're from ] '' comment . 
  but holy shit man you really do n't like muslims . 
  like wow . 
   your vision of complete open borders would cause chaos and if there 's one thing i can be glad about is that it will never be implemented . 
  i do n't think i 'm advocating for complete open borders . 
  but if someone is desperate enough to permanently leave everything behind and there 's really no place to send them back to , feed them and teach their kids at least . 
   and yes , criminals do n't have rights other than basic human rights . 
  a murderous junkie is not equal to a tax-paying doctor . 
  nor is someone who immigrated illegally equal to a `` murderous junkie '' . 
   so literally anyone who marches into france without any documents or way of identification should be granted everything a frenchman has ? 
  if by `` everything a frenchman has '' you really just mean the ability to educate their children for the good of france and the world as a whole , and enough support to not starve , then yes . 
  unless you 're in a really , * really * bad place , packing up and leaving everything behind to head to a country where you know nobody , do n't speak the language , and have very little opportunity is not that attractive of an idea . 
   are you really advocating that illegal immigrants have rights , considering they 're criminals ? 
  are you really advocating that criminals do n't have rights ? 
   denying free shit to illegal immigrants is a nice way to put `` ensuring the poor and different people stay poor and different '' . 
  it 's purposefully exacerbating ethnic/national conflicts by screwing over certain out-groups in favor of one 's own nation . 
  not textbook fascism but it 's a pretty far-right and nationalist domestic policy . 
  i 'm not advocating for an immediate total end to borders or to let anyone and everyone over here . 
  i 'm basically just saying that , at least in the us , illegal immigration should n't really be on anyone 's short list of important issues . 
  such a focus on strong borders that people want to build an expensive and probably cost-ineffective wall seems ridiculous to me . 
  i do n't have a problem with patrolling and not leaving a border completely open . 
  but to put so much emphasis on this issue is to pretty much go directly against my idea of helping the less fortunate . 
  either you 're joking or you do n't know the first thing about the history of your own country . 
  either way , read a book . 
  it 'll do you good . 
  well i 'll ignore the illegal part because we 're past arguing about legality , we 're arguing morality . 
  the fact of the matter is that being born south of the border in a poor family means you 're fucked compared to people born north of the border . 
  you and i do n't deserve to live in this country any more than they do . 
  we 're just lucky . 
  we should work to minimize the impact of being born in the wrong place . 
  demonizing people trying to make ends meet by taking that matter into their own hands is inhumane . 
   you moron chill , friend . 
   ... enter our country legally if you do n't have familial connections , loads of money , or a highly desired education , you pretty much do n't get in here from mexico . 
  if you think that 's how it should be , that 's one thing . 
  but do n't act as if mexicans who feel the need to come here to do menial labor for slightly better pay have the option to come here legally . 
  absolutely not . 
  experiments in fascism will always result in genocide and/or massive nationalist wars . 
  not to mention the oppression of women and lgbt people , enforcement of traditional values , and the very premises its based in have no place in human society anymore . 
  it 's tribalism dressed up as legitimate modern political position with horrendous results . 
  it should n't be humored and i have no qualms saying it 's just straight up wrong . 
  not a lot of them were literal nazis . 
  a lot of them would advocate to ( at least ) make black people legally second class citizens among other things . 
  and if they get to power it 'll get much worse , as it did with the nazis . 
  there 's not much important difference between nazis and people who are knowingly on the same side of a protest with a large portion of nazis . 
  maybe because there 's absolutely no value in nazism and exploring it further will only result in tragedy . 
  they can do all of those things unless they 're fundamentalist to a strong degree . 
  you seriously do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  the hijab is n't just a religiously prescribed article of clothing . 
  it 's a cultural thing , and a lot of women who stop being observant muslims keep wearing it of their own free choice . 
  your assumption that so few would wear it is just wrong . 
   ### you can not be tolerant of the intolerant . 
   edit : also gypsy are typically shitty people . 
  how does it feel to completely lack any bit of self awareness ? 
  not just trump though .
