  it 's foreshadowing . 
  why was ? 
  i mean even the usa is mimicking the `` democracy '' and the idea of `` mare nostrum '' . 
  i think his current legitimation is to protect russia and russian culture . 
  he needs a foreign threat at the moment he gets the former sovjet area back he is going to find out that something else is a threat . 
  there is no way out to this kind of politics , or atleast noone found a way out in the past . 
   proletarians of all countries , unite i am pretty sure this includes europe . 
  without fascism and the wars after ww1 chances are high the european union would have been some communisic project from around 1940 . 
   there 's no country on earth more invested in breaking up europe , that 's really why it 's not very european , because it 's actively working against europe . 
  i think there plan was to unite europe all along . 
  britain and america are the ones trying to prevent this since half a millennia . 
  my mom always told me that she is from vienna ... 
  i guess another shortcut . 
  this poor person never was skiing . 
  oh sorry , the comparison was about the people on the streets . 
  i have n't been to paris since i was a toddler , so it is just based on the impression i got by this clip . 
  and i am still amused how different the intention of the clip is . 
  they are less about race and more about culture . 
  they are afraid that our european culture gets lost . 
   the people in this video were not speaking french , the women were not wearing their hair in french braids , they had their head scarves on . 
  strange . 
  i was watching the first two minutes and was all like : wow paris looks nice , way more people on the streets , compared to vienna . 
  and noone seems to be offended at all , altough they get filmed by a pretty fast walking woman . 
  how do you know rome had good dictators and who was one ? 
  just curious how you can decide what a good dicator is . 
  i guess you use historical information , which leads me to the conclusion that someone in the past wrote that xyz was a good dictator . 
  why do you trust that person ? 
  usually , only dictators call other dictators good dictarors , so they can become a dictator like the other dictator . 
  that 's basically the story behind julius caesar , karl the great and qin shi huang . 
  i somehow believe we rebuilt and cared only for the nice buildings over the centuries . 
  i am pretty sure at the olympics they use 32nd , 2x 33rd , 35th . 
  atleast they do so at skiing and to be honest : what else matters ? 
  i am pretty sure bismarck never met germania . 
  so they obviously needed an impersonator . 
  they kick you out of your social environment . 
  way smarter than this stupid left/rightwingers . / s, 
  yeah . 
  gadaffi killed his people for centuries , everything was fine . 
  he said something about switzerland ... look where he is now . 
  just imagine : everyone knows that scientists can radicalize wind !, 
  that is not what i said . 
  people would be unhappy , but forcing multinationals and rich people back into justified laws is deemed more important . 
  i think that is good . 
  i have n't seen a lot of places with higher livingstandards . 
  i am concerned about the power search engines are able to accumulate , nevertheless the taste of protectionism will never sweep away . 
  altough you are right that it is somehow different to the other examples . 
  all the not it/american-punishments were about cartels . 
  [ abuse of a dominant position ] ( http://europa.eu/youreurope/business/sell-abroad/free-competition/ ), 
  [ altough it is wikipedia in german ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_der_h%c3%b6chsten_strafen_wegen_wettbewerbsverst%c3%b6%c3%9fen_in_der_eu ), 
  as are european companies when they do similar things . 
  i guess search engines are a kind of natural monopoly . 
  until now i have n't met someone who is unhappy about this . 
  altough this were only people inside my bubble . 
  it is like they try to prove someone wrong . 
  there is no limit to the population of an economy !, 
  i made the experience that we are not seen as one of the crusader-nations . 
  i am not sure why . 
  maybe they believe we are still antisemitic . 
  also we have a history at helping ` against ' israel . 
  no question . 
  a point that i do n't see mentioned by anyone : altough the greek economy was pretty similar to portugal and somehow spain , ( exports mainly through agriculture and tourism . ), 
  the strong euro hit greek while did n't do so much to portugal and spain . 
  why ? 
  well , spain exports to germany and france and portugal to spain . 
  noone mentions who the biggest trading partners for greece were in the past . 
  i do n't know how it is today , but in 2007 most exports and imports went to russia and turkey . 
  you could just come back . 
  atleast you are going to learn skiing . 
  and maybe a nation with more than 3 or 4 decent footballteams will beat andorra and far\u00f6er . 
  i still ca n't believe that they unintentional lost this election . 
  a brexit done by the tories ... would have killed them for the next generation . 
  they should be happy to get rid of this task . 
  what are possible consequences regarding the brexit ? 
  am i rightfully asuming that there is no possible way a hard brexit is going to find a majority ? 
  i think textbooks are dangerous too . 
  if they ca n't read ... 
  you managed to add atleast four prejudices in two sentences while disgustingly combining a crime with basic human emotions . 
  that 's the stuff to influence the simpleminded . 
  that 's a good idea . 
  let 's ask them . 
  why ? 
  both are polluting way above the allowed level ? 
  well the others stayed in the rules . 
  it is ok to implement a software that uses more power when it recognizes ' i am on the street . 
  ' , while vw has ` oh shit they do n't drive like normal humans , let 's better cut the power . ', 
  for the consumer there is no difference . 
  better build a wall . 
  would you tell me why watching soccer or counterstrike is less of waste of time compared to watch some people singing ? 
  i would prefer the first two things too , but that is because my musical talent ends at merry christmas and happy birthday . 
  also pop-culture is nothing i can identify with , but still ... why do you have to blame others for their taste ? 
  you are right these are different dialects , the sounds are just so different . 
  i did n't know you still got so different languages . 
  umberto ecos ' baudolino makes even more sence now . 
  as austrian i feel offended . 
  when all these north italians get their own languages , we should get them too . 
  i have a hard time understanding someone from the next city ( when she speaks in slang ) . 
  i do n't even talk about these people living close to switzerland . 
  for my part , i believe svenska is closer related to the language that i use . 
  i think these germans are so in terror , they even would give up some land to get rid of all the foreigners in their country . 
  have n't met so frightened people in my life .
