thank you , postings like yours are the key to hold europe together !, 
  i have n't been able to look at not-austrian media yet , so all i can tell you is this : in vienna are elections at the 11th of octobre . 
  why is this so important ? 
  30 % percent of the viennese was born in a foreign country , as a result migration and integration is a important theme . 
  our right-wing party is going to be second ( or maybe first ) in the upcoming elections . 
  they will score around a third of the votes , which frightens a lot of people , as example a lot of the media-publishers . 
  ( just look over the boarder what happened in hungary . ), 
  by depicting the refugees as poor people needing help to escape the fascist hungarians , austrian media created a wave of support i have n't been able to witness in our small nation before . 
  therefore i think this is an examply of national politics setting back an european solution . 
  austrian socialdemocratic party is discussing ceta right now . 
  backed with the belgians they will veto too . 
  let 's kick luxembourg out of the eu , with irrational statements like this they are weakening the eu . 
  australia is wrong too . 
   how is it fair that a rich company does not pay tax the company is owned by someone . 
   we could recoup it by taxing dividends and capital gain . 
  tax people income . 
   so , we disallow debt payment decuction i guess we all know about the danger of a financial bubble . 
  but i share your scepsicism . 
  where is the tax paid , does n't lead this to even more geografical inequality ? 
  how do you value non listed companies ? 
  how do you guarantee that the shares of listed companies are tradet , so that there still is a marked ? 
  sorry for the english and thanks to u/jooana for the links . 
  just come to vienna , we neglect the existence of most of these rules . 
  china tried to get rid of their experts . 
  the new experts seem to be better . 
  it 's the fault of people to be human the social animal . 
  and yeah , i dislike the replacement of the society by something media-driven too . 
  well ... to be the biggest party they will have to get about 25 % of the votes . 
  this is no big deal . 
  i am fine with a draw.let 's just split up the country . 
  [ stop this bullshit about open/closed boarders the lefties failed to do something for the working class . 
  exactly . 
  i think rt is a huge part why especially germany shows no empathy to the st. petersburg bombings : a lot of people watched the german rt , because they had a different narrative . 
  sadly they where caught lying pretty blatantly , now it is the story of the boy with the wolf . 
  a liar will not be believed even when he speaks the truth . 
  doubt and mistrust in his own government is something good , it is all what democracy is for . 
   sch\u00f6nreden is volkssport, 
  i tried to tell him that it really is hard to trust anything if basically both sides discredit each other . 
  and yes i see putin and erdogan as people that use this density to stay in power , but also a lot of parties in the west do this . 
  europen media is running pretty obvious putin , erdogan and trump discrediting content . 
  while we got access to rt , fox and also to some content turkish news . 
  so people not double-checking believe that putin , erdogan and trump are some 21st-century hitler/stalin/1984-bigbro persons , while the ones doublechecking realised atleast when brexit happened that the war of the media has started and everything , literally everything , is used to destabilize other countries . 
  [ even a thirteen year old girl claiming it was raped ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-eu-35413134 ) , is used to straw hate and distrust . 
  altough some innocent people died , we are talking now about how europe is missing empathy , because europeans do n't like russia/turkey . 
  instead of looking why so many young people believe that they got no future , we discuss some nationalism-stuff . 
  young men without a future are a huge problem . 
  without them the american civil war would n't have been that bloody , the crusaders would have been a wet fart and a lot of other wars would have never happened . 
  just a sidenote : terrorism was first used for [ reign through terror ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reign_of_terror ) and i guess everyone in europe learns about this in school . 
  in addition we have the history of ww2 , so how frightened we are by terrorists , we ~ ~ believe to ~ ~ know that the true terror has another level . 
  when the terror becomes the law noone is safe . 
  this is now used to sprinkle resentments against russian and turkish government . 
  so please do n't lose the faith , or the terrorism has already won . 
   if you call something stupid you should at least try to provide an argument for why it is so . 
  that 's really fucking stupid , because nationalism never hurt a human beeing it always have been the other nations that made nationalism a poison . 
  look at / r/place , without the other nations we could have built an awesome austria-flag with some real art included maybe some portraits of artists like beethoven and mozart . / s, 
  a holiday is a short period of time . 
  you will associate the said country heavily with whatever you experience in this time . 
  holiday for most of the people is a change of pace and not necessarily a time to encounter a new culture . 
  so yes , for a lot of people flying around the globe is important so they can tell their coworkers and neighbours that they have been to xyz . 
  i believe it is important to live some time in a different culture , but to believe you get a grasp of a foreign culture in two weeks is kind of , how shall i call it , maybe disrespecting culture/cultural difference . 
  i talkedabout the global climate change . 
  there is nothing to say against learning about other cultures and broaden his horizon . 
  but i do n't see the sence in travelling to thailand swimming in a pool and relaxing all day , when you can do the same closeby . 
  if you can afford to use your holidays to connect the world and learn something , you are blessed . 
  just remember that you are able to accomplish something with this knowledge . 
  the fear of the unknown is the greatest . 
  speaking for me : somehow does n't sound right flying around the globe when i can have the same closeby . 
  i think climate change is an issue . 
  true nature is always telling me that 24 hours is stupid . 
  it should be like 48 hours a day and still only a fourthy hour workweek . 
   absolute local time for everyone everywhere  apps to deal with traveling or meeting other people could n't we just use the same time all over the world and our smartphone just tells us when the sun sets ? 
  whoever had to read this to the sultan was a magician . 
  he knew the day of his death . 
  also life expectancy skyrocketet in the wars . 
  just imagine you you go full autriche . 
  well it is right ? 
  the three most important politicians ? 
  kreisky , kern and kurz ? 
  only our rightwings use h. 
  it 's funny because we even have problems distributing the refugees in austria . 
  just trying to blame others again . 
  let 's just built a souvereign islamic european nation . 
  i offer carinthia . 
  they have decades of experience with different cultures . 
  let 's make them built some more nuclear energy plants without using them . 
  / s no really are they that underqualifiyed so that we are n't able to make them built their own city ? 
  maybe somewhere in carinthia , they got experience with different cultures anyways . 
  so you know why the german emperor was an austrian until military counted more than religion . 
  i need to play knights of honor . 
  on that securely ... 
  i believe when half of it is gone and i am not sure if we have tze capabilities to ensure close to 100 percent of the energy made by nuclear plants . 
  i am no expert but somehow i believe that depending on scarse materials is not that smart . 
  to be fair , it was more about politics than nuclear energy . 
  but after reading about the us problems with their waste , i appreciate the decision of my ancestors . 
  in fact it was at ` do sanctions ' . 
  i just hoped noone remembers anything about my comment when i ad some countrynames that trigger atleast the americans . 
  if only all people would understand that countries and companies are there to help people and not the other way around . 
  do n't you see it ? 
  kosovo and israel are the victims . 
  better do sanctions on whoever was behind these wars .
