  obviously uuhm venezuela , serbia , north korea and syria . 
  fucking brainwashed obviously without churchill the 3rd reich would still be in place . 
  and of course as ` union nationalsozialistischer staaten ' or uns ( means ` us ' in german ) . 
  am left wing , bang my had against the wall when our center parties talk about something like eastern europe exporting unemployment . 
  it is more like : if you feel neccessary to built up a lot of muscles to feel save , it is not a peacefull environment . 
  no , read the source , even the shortlist is enough . 
  you got a huge military . 
  you got two neighbouring countries with some historical conflicts . 
  your political situation is kind of unstable . 
  i guess military is weighed pretty high . 
  especially heavy weapons , which imo makes sence because military kind of buys you safety , but increases the insecurity of your neighbours . 
  why is someone insane , who tries to enhance the chance that his genes survive ? 
  seems as legit as lying about the biological father . 
  skype * hust * , something like this would even help them with publicity . 
  this !, 
  talk about it . 
  write mails to newspapers , post on social media , rise the awereness and concince people this is the right thing to do . 
  check for myself : post to encourage democratic actions done for today . 
  i am not too sure about that germany would have attained a lot of the french colonies and there were a some germans in britain and a lot of them in the usa . 
  still ` mutterkuchen ' mother-cake in german ( if i did n't mix some anatomy up ), 
  yeah would have been better for everyone . 
  germany wins european war of 1914 . 
  especially destroying the french cinematics . 
  and vienna becomes what hollywood is today . 
  in russia the communist revolution never happens and britain can keep most of their colonies . 
  happy cakeday btw . 
  no seriously . 
  in german if you read ` pie ' it sounds like the english verb ` to pee ' . 
  oh , i remember catching some styrian kid and telling him that he can rest later . 
  i guess you britains just pee at the halftime . 
  i see myself as left and what you are writing is in my opinion as right-minded as possible . 
  ok you are neither a rassist nor a fassist , but you argue on base of two situations why people are alt-right . 
  if these alt-rights have it shit we should think about how to help them , or atleast to prevent their problems to go on in future generations . 
  imo the only possibility to accomplish this is by integration . 
  by calling them poor , simpleminded or whatever you wo n't be able to help even a single person . 
  you just look like a rich person shitting on the poor . 
  why are the poor in europe and the usa voting for the alt-right and not someone who would do something to help them ? 
  ~ ~ because ~ ~ imo all the left parties are powerless . 
  look at hollande , the spd with their harz4 and sariza . 
  economics is too strong . 
  if we do n't protect our economies from the rest of the world , our working class will loose . 
  compared to the rich ( not necessarily ) and definitely compared to the working class in the rest of the world . 
  so these alt-right voters are just voting for the party who atleast says they want to do something for them . 
  also the state greeze is in is somehow connected to the rest of the eu . 
  the , compared to the drachme , strong euro was ( a huge ) part of the problem . 
  while the rest of europe is mostly trading with other european ( western ) countries , for greece the nr1 countries for import and export have been turkey and russia . 
  now they got a weak economy with really cheap foreign products . 
  i was able to read them before i was able to write my own name !, 
  well i have been two times to barcelona and they had demonstrations like every second day ( ok , maybe every week , but it was awesome ), 
  more likely world war two was necessary . 
  without it europe would have stayed number one , either under russian or german leadership . 
  and the european where still happy to fight a war , altough they massacred each other only twenty ears ago . 
  no way the nations back than would have allowed their collonies to free themselves . 
  i sometimes have the dream that in the late ninteenth century the european monarchies woke up and realized that they fucked up . 
  the whole world is going to hate them . 
  so they installed the us as scapegoat . 
  now everyone knows that the usa is the biggest badass noone likes , not we europeans . 
  no sorry , never made it to the bachelor , would you enlighten me ? 
  still the south and east-european countries do n't have only short-term problems . 
  you are arguing that you do n't have something to eat today while your seed for the next year is used . 
  if whole europe wants to compete the south has either to accept that they live on tourism and their children working in foreign factories , or germany has to start some kind of massive marshallplan to help building up industry uproad . 
  so i am out watching some american film , driving a german car to the cinema meeting an pretty smart italian and some spanish dude who moved to vienna . 
  i was referring to being german is sexy , not especially in austria . 
  but compare your reaction th the shitstorm i would have reseved 20 years ago . 
  most of us are stil . 
  it just is n't sexy to be german since 1945 . 
  altough this is changing again . 
  someone should tell these russians that it is n't enough to use our letters . 
  austria was a thing ... that was what amused me . 
  the most people in austria just were germans . 
  the dux austriae existed since medieval times . 
  why do you believe austria was no thing back then ? 
  the austrian monarchs were one of the longest ruling families all over the world . 
  i do n't care about mozart , but stop spreading fakenews . 
  he lived in the land that is today austria , he got famous in austria and i realy do n't understand why germans believe that he was german . 
  ethnically ok , because most of the austrians are german . 
  seriously ? 
  but he was german ? 
  come on dude . 
  for you : imo only einstein is on his level of importance . 
  poor gau\u00df was n't mentioned again . 
  i tend to believe you i just would like to get an example ( atleast ) and i am pretty sure there is no 10 + million-people city in europe with pollution levels like beijing . 
  true that . 
  rip usa in 2017, 
  no the fp wrote about him being a turncoat switching parties as it fits him . 
  nothing to mis-remember just fake news . 
  there they claimed he was in the communist party . 
  yeah also spain having no functional economy ... 
  i sometimes wonder what these people understand under an functional economy ... 
  i guess only skandinavia , germany , the usa and china do have a working economy ? 
  everyone else is just existing because these countries do all the work ... 
  was in austria the same . 
  fpoe was always undervalued , but after the refugee ` crysis ' the polls even got too high numbers . 
  the german elections ... the only elections in the world i have confidence in . 
  atleast only 99 % voted with yes , above 100 % would have been suspicious . 
  got to prominence after thomas bernhard wrote `` heldenplatz '' a drama about a jewish family that came back to austria . 
  that pic is definitely fake !, 
  god bless !, 
  so we still have an excuse !, 
  well that was before the election , so it does n't count anymore .
