i thought it was a 3d render at first, 
  millenials are majoritairly left leaning , so i 'm not so sure, 
  shhhh , left-wingers only deal in absolute , it 's always `` millenials think/say x '' , `` austrians have decided to vote for hofer '' and when you check the numbers , it 's barely 50 %, 
  yeah technically the uk sends # 350m a week , but if you calculate the amount the eu gives back into the equation you get # 136m which is still a lot . 
  useless fact checking . 
  say i give you 300 bucks , you give me 50 bucks back , if someone asks how much i gave you , i 'll answer 300 not 250 . 
  yeah they smoke a lot , but i 've yet to see someone smoke in public space or public transport , last time i took the train , some dude started smoking and another dude came to him and told him that there 's kids on the train , and he told him aggressively like `` do n't you see there 's kids here ? '', 
  and he dropped his cig, 
  funnily enough , if you do this in africa , while there is no laws or anything , you get beat up if you smoke in public spaces . 
  one of the few pros of having tough police and people, 
  and where 's your link to prove it ? 
  should i just believe it because you got a positive upvote count ? 
  since they do n't want to kick them out of the country , might aswell give them citizenship and some cash to get them started, 
  they have to , but they 'll stick their heads under the sand and do nothing , although after la loi travail and the riots in france , i suppose this government has nothing to lose now . 
  take the decision and ask for a media black out in exchange of tax cuts , nobody will hear about it and the problem will be solved . 
  oh god , i 'm starting to sound like hillary clinton . 
  there must be a wasteland in europe no ? 
  ship them there , far from roads and cities and feed them and keep proposing to send them back to their country for free every week , i suppose that after a while , they 'll get pissed and go back to their country . 
  they probably paid the refugee cash and gave him citizenship for this / s, 
  let 's dispel the fiction once and for all that government do n't know what they 're doing . 
  they know * exactly * what they 're doing . 
  what about public transport , shops , at work , in airports , in police controls , ids etc. . . 
  and what if my religion asks me to slice a sheep throat once per year ( it 's called a\u00efd al-kabir ) but the law says that is prohibited , should we ban it and say that the law does n't allow it , or should we allow it because constitution says we can be free to practice religion freely . 
  this logic is flawed , because then if my religion says that i have to kill people it does n't give me a free pass because the constitution says i can practice my religion freely . 
  all the people talking about constitutional violation and how it does n't affect them are just virtue signaling and showing how morally superior they are and ignoring every single issue it might cause . 
  the old reframe the argument and make people say what they did n't say . 
  nobody gets tingles from people drowning in the sea , what people care is they are being rescued and then shipped-off italy 's shore . 
  this sends a message to people trying to get illegaly to europe/italy . 
  you can go safely , whatever happens you get to italy . 
  i said thread not top comment . 
  this is just reddit circlejerk that made that comment at the top , because it follows the `` olol , uk is done for '' . 
  typical cherrypicking . 
  there are 2 threads atm , one in / r/worldnews and one here . 
  i must say , this threads looks like a total circlejerk , atleast , you have different opinion and a hint of a debate in / r/worldnews , here it 's just `` oh lol , uk is so fucked '' , `` lel le rats are leaving '' , forgetting that ukip had one job , it was to get a referundum to leave the eu , now their job is complete , as for farage staying to `` manage '' the situation , this is a guy that has no power within the uk , all he can do is being available for his `` expertise '' . 
  but keep on circlejerking , you 're having fun , so who am i to break your fun . 
  death is inevitable , i 'm not sure being murdered by terrorist is . 
  now that 's hilarious haha, 
  brexit is the hot sauce at the moment , free publicity is better than no publicity . 
  believe it or not , i find the knee jerk reactions and circle-jerk really funny . 
  plus it 's nice to come to a place to challenge his views from time to time , who knows , maybe someone will teach me something i do n't know about the situation . 
  yeah yeah ... just like you were in for a rough surprise when leave came out on top . 
  who knows , maybe we will then both taste the rough surprise ? 
  you sound like those feminists with `` get educated '' . 
  it think it 's called fallacy fallacy in your website, 
  well i treat the dumbasses coming from / r/europe just as you treat me coming from / r/the _ donald . 
  delusional , 20s white males playing geopolitcal experts . 
  ahh the old you ca n't compare . 
  works just as much as screaming racist and xenophobe . 
  . . same level as france . 
  ofcourse being a nuclear power is important , does n't mean you 're gon na nuke people left and right , but it 's still important . 
  as for the 27 countries combined , the only one worth a damn are germany and france and oddly enough they are part of the same group uk is part of , nato . 
  so nothing is gon na happen , just politicians playing tough because they are scared the europe might just die in a few years if they do n't scare people into submission . 
  they 're also making it personal , what are they gon na do once they get kicked out of their eu position of power ? 
  you want your country to disappear and be replaced by a decreted nation . 
  that 's pathetic no matter how you want to put it . 
  and as far as i am concerned , / r/europe is n't a country nor it is an organization . 
  you 're so ashamed of your country for some reason that you 're `` europe '' . 
  well flash news , europe is not a country . 
  just like france . 
  and belgium . 
  france did n't vote out did it ? 
  yes , yes i know ... you 're not happy because that goes against the circlejerk that the uk is gon na turn into somalia soon enough ... 
  i know , i know ... 
  but as long as you 're having fun playing geopolitical experts in a subreddit , who am i to spoil it ? 
  europe was not supposed to be a super-state , get this out of your head , and if this is their objective then they already failed , you ca n't just sign a paper and have a country , it does n't work like that , a country is built upon hundreds of years of history , blood and sweat . 
  not long ago , europe started as an economic union between germany and france , i do n't think at that point they wanted to make a `` super-state '' , a french will never be a german and a german will never be french . 
  no country on earth will drop thousands of years worth of identity and culture aswell as history because some dudes in a bureau decided to make a country out of thin air . 
   it 's all in negociation power , and uk does n't have much how did you come up with this ? 
  this is uk we 're talking about , nuclear power , 5th economy in the world , permanent sitting member of nato , there are certain countries you ca n't shit on , this includes germany , france , uk , us and china aswell as russia to a certain extent . 
  you do n't need to be a genius to know that . 
  you guys are talking like uk is freaking somalia or something . 
  get real for a second . 
  the more i read this kind of comments here , the more i 'm happy to have voted leave , you ca n't just sign a paper and you have a country , a country has history , culture , shared values , you are totally disconnected from real life , to think for one second that people will drop their heritage for some crazy union with a language that is n't theirs is insanity . 
  re-doing a referundum would be a joke , and i do n't think it 's gon na change anything to be honest , 1.7 million votes is quite a margin . 
  `` example of the uk '' ? 
  is this some sort of mafia or something ? 
  europe is n't mandatory , you make it sound like a soldier deserted the army so they are making an example of him . 
  you guys should really get a reality check , there is no way in the world europe is gon na shit on the uk , and no way in the world the uk will let a bunch of bureaucrats shitting on them . 
  all of this is power projection , trying to sound tough , but in reality they are scared it might turn into a domino shitshow where countries will start leaving one after the other . 
  oh fucking do it already , if bojo 's ca n't do it , let nigel do it and let 's be done with it . 
  fucking politicians need to grow a pair and go with it , ca n't play chicken all the time . 
  what shills are you talking about , a few days ago this place was 200 % remain , anything remotely pro-leave was downvoted and the person who posted it called dumb etc. . . 
  while all the other users play geopolitical experts . 
  shills wo n't come here converting a bunch of 20 something males playing `` predict the future '' and armchair experts . 
  this place feels like its a cross between / r/iamverysmart and / r/circlejerk . 
  i 'm sorry if i might have jumped to conclusions a bit too fast , but lately , this sub has been on overdrive against the leave voters in the last brexit referundum , their main argument being that less educated people were voting leave whereas more educated were not and thus the people who have voted leave are dumb , uninformed etc. . . 
  i do n't disagree to the notion of having less educated people voting for parties that are supposed to protect the lower folks from low skilled immigration which might threaten their jobs while higher educated folks who have more `` options '' thanks to their degrees , like leaving the country or more jobs in general . 
  what i disagree with is the sentiment that educated = better voter . 
  young = better voter . 
  people vote for their own interest , of course the higher educated one does n't care who makes his burgers at mcdonald or who delivers his mail , or clean his mall after he 's done shopping but the folks who are not so rich will care . 
  voters are equally informed in both camps , i hate hearing that because you vote right wing or nationalist parties you are automatically dumb and uninformed . 
  you have to respect people 's choice , especially when they represent half your electorate . 
  the uneducated = dumb and uninformed myth has to stop . 
   `` probably because more highly educated people use it '' i stopped reading here . 
  oh please spare me `` do you even know how the economy works ? '', 
  like you got a business degree in international politics and economy , even the biggest of experts who have dedicated their lives to form economy theories in predicting markets and world economy do n't get it right all the time , i do n't think some bloke from romania on reddit is gon na predict anything . 
  nobody knows what the hell is going to happen , good or bad , so stop this bullshit . 
  i swear , this subreddit is / r/iamverysmart material . 
  politicians not upholding their promises !, 
  wow , i must have been living in a different universe after all .
