  by the way , the experts seem to know a lot , we ca n't predict a market seven days ahead but we can predict 10 years of a country economy . 
  the only that 's gon na be triggered is george soros, 
  ah the pleb strikes again , we should remove the right to vote and ban opinions too , obviously you 're not an `` expert '' so you have no say . 
  this sub consists solely of eu geopolitical experts and meps biographists , and they talk like freaking pr firms , nothing negative , everything is positive toward the eu , not even neutral . 
  talking about leave here is pointless , it 's like shilling for hillary clinton in 4chan 's / pol / . 
  george soros ... 
  `` hope not hate , a charity responsible for monitoring extreme right wing behaviour in the uk , said national action has 100 members . '', 
  from the article , it says the people endorsing this guy is a bunch of nutjobs . 
  like we should care . 
  they 're irrelevant . 
  but hey , if you can shit on the right and draw lose conclusions with a clickbait article , why not ? 
  lol these memes got that popular ? 
  well that 's mostly a coincidence . 
  a pro-eu mp dies few days before a referundum that decides whether or not the uk stays in europe , and killed by a far-right , who shouted `` britan first '' no less , ca n't wait to get catched and say he 's actually from britain first , and explain how if you vote leave you 're basically in his camp . 
  i could n't think of anything worse for the leave camp nor anything better for the remain . 
  let 's just see how both camps are gon na politicize this , because , do n't kid yourselves , they will , and if they wo n't , the media will . 
  what stops me from `` buying '' these few experts will a few million euro to further push my agenda and make them vote the way i want . 
  it 's easier to pay a few experts than having to make a propaganda campaign to sway millions . 
  it 's a trade-off , nothing 's perfect . 
  the reason we let `` ignorant '' people vote is to make sure that everyone can get a vote , even the `` ignorant '' . 
  especially lately , people are painting other people as `` ignorant '' when they do n't agree with their views , how many time you heard the left or the right saying `` oh the left/right is ignorant '' . 
  everybody is entitled a voice , it 's a human right , ignorant , dumb or not , you are entitled to a vote and this in anything , you can still chose to not vote , but you are entitled to one , if start to say who 's allowed to vote and who 's not , we do n't have a democracy anymore . 
  democracy only when people vote for things i like . 
  they think that by shitting on them and calling them peasant scum with no brain it will magically result in a stay vote . 
  instead of running a campaign that seems real with pro and cons , they chose the fearmongering `` britain will be excluded from everything , no one is gon na talk to us '' . 
  no wonder it swings the other way , and apart from that , there are people who just want change , no matter the argument , they wo n't care , they just want change . 
  do n't forget to put a little upvote to push it further on the front page so more people can voice their opinions on it . 
  thank you . 
  ah okay , you 're the racist xenophobic islamophobic bigoted fascist kind of guy . 
  yeah not gon na waste anymore time with you . 
  here 's a little read for you : http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/fr/definition/anglais/bigotry, 
  gim me a break you sleazy liar , you have n't been there , because if you really had you would say something different , i have and i tell you , the looks they give you , it 's not friendly . 
  you 're so naive , when you get mugged by them , i wo n't even feel pity or remorse for you , just natural selection doing it 's job . 
  take a tour near asylum center , and go with your iphone aswell and some nice clothes , and you 'll see what `` prejudices '' i 'm talking about . 
  you can buy a syrian passport for a few bucks and that 's the only thing you need to prove you 're syrian and you can also say you 're syrian without any proof , they 'll register you as syrian . 
  lol . 
  you 're proving his fact , there are more migrants than refugees . 
  and by the way , your paper is austrian , this happened in germany . 
  +1 for changing your flair , one step closer to seeing the light . 
  it 's merely a little poodle in a huge union of countries controlled by a few powerful . 
  romania is now used as the backyard `` china '' for german and french manufacturing and services . 
  just like when my laptop died , they send it to poland , because why pay someone 2000 $ to fix a pc locally when you can get 2 for 1000 $ in poland . 
  it was already growing strong before joining europe . 
  lol i affected you so much that you went ahead and read my post history , i 'm flattered . 
  that 's to support my fellow british citizens on their beautiful brexit vote . 
  see it as a `` facebook '' photo filter , when there is terrorist attacks . 
  i am french and proud , bite me . 
  i was going for the `` tie breaker '' effect , if you lump up all these states it does n't look like a tie breaker anymore , the tie breaker for the popular vote was california , that was my point . 
  california is one of the few states that has such a high population but yet has 30 % + difference between the two candidates , even texas was only 10 % . 
  i agree 100 % , i would love an european union but that is less political , that does n't have a parliament , that does n't have anything but a few leaders '' \u00e0 la '' king arthur round table , where they talk and negotiate what 's best for their own countries . 
  today , europe is too political , with a few countries having too much say in what other countries should do because they are too poor or not powerful enough to stand up for themselves . 
  `` ohlala he is criticizing me , that means i can spout out ad hominem ad hominem and look smart to the fellow redditors '' . 
  no you used a stupid old argument to prove a stupid old narrative and you got busted . 
   yeah well she does . 
  the rest simply doesnt seem to care about either side . 
  you even proved my point even further , thanks !, 
  you corrected nothing because then clinton would reprent 1/4 of the us aswell . 
  you 're trying to use the tired old narrative that trump supporters are tiny minority that somehow got hold of the house , senate and presidency . 
  it just does n't work , so you might as well stop there . 
  and the * sigh * is cringy dude . 
  i expect no less from someone who does n't even use his country flair but instead uses a flair that represent a bureaucracy with no history , no land and no people and that simple ciao from france would make it crumble . 
  the problem is here : european interests . 
  what are european interests ? 
  if you go in the united states of america , and go to a texan , ask him : where are you from ? 
  he 'll say `` i 'm from the usa '' , ask the same to a californian , he 'll say `` i 'm from usa '' . 
  now ask a frenchmen , italian or a british , where are you from ? 
  they 'll say `` je viens de france '' and the other will say `` vengo da italia '' or `` i 'm from uk '' . 
  do you see the difference . 
  a nation is n't made with the stroke of a pen , you do not force a nation upon people , the fact the europe wants to be a nation will never work , there are no such things are european interests , it 's merely there to `` compete '' against the usa . 
  this place is an echo chamber , so most people in here want to dissolve their country for a federal europe , a nation called europe , but these are a tiny tiny tiiiiny minority who found their little place to discuss , but they do not represent anyone else besides themselves . 
  all in all , europe is on 1 leg at the moment , they ca n't and wo n't flex muscles , it 's too risky , there 's a tide of popullism and euroscepticism , doubling down is the fastest way to kill europe once and for all . 
  i know i am in a pro-eu echochamber but the eu is n't a necissity , it 's not something that has to exist , it will probably replaced by what europe was before it turned political , a bunch of countries freely trading with each others . 
  ahh okay , i forgot that the toddlers and 13 years old have a voice in the election . 
  i 'm honestly surprised you did n't even think about that for even a second . 
  1 vote could be the mom and her 3 kids , that would be 4 potential trump supporters and same could happen with the democrats , comparing voters with total population is bad , and you should feel bad . 
  my bad , wikipedia 's numbers are n't the actual election numbers but after the ec vote , yep well in this case she would narrowly win it with 270 , but that 's quite the feat to turn texas blue , and all it would take is 1 single electoral college voter , who says he ca n't vote clinton and it goes back to congress who will vote trump in . 
  actually even if the democrats won texas , clinton would still lose at 265 electoral votes out of the 270 required , then the republican controlled congress would swear donald trump in . 
   he is pro-eu and wants to change the eu . 
  good luck with that , everyone wants to change the eu so it fits its national interest . 
  the thing is , europe is n't a country , its power derive from countries allowing it to have this kind of power , if it abuses it , this same europe will collapse , its foundation is the european members , shit on too many of them and they will leave and the entire structure collapse , a big column left , the uk , it 's kinda shaky right now , it would n't survive shaking things any further , but if they want to do it , then do it , i 'll be the first to cheer them up because they wo n't survive it . 
  reddit is full of these geo-political experts who posted statistics and would swear that brexit ca n't happen and trump will never be president . 
  this sub is a pro-eu echo-chamber , not a subreddit for people living in europe discussing things and whatnot . 
  people are borderline federalists here , they want to dissolve their nation and replace it with the eu , not a very good sample of people who want to discuss . 
  says who ? 
  who will enforce it ? 
  if the us decided to separate countries like yemen for dumb reasons , who will stand up to them and say `` it 's a crime '' ? 
  no one ? 
  yes that 's what i thought . 
  she can chain 49-3 ( basically bypassing the houses ) a bunch of laws at the end of her 5 years kinda like hollande and they wo n't be able to do a thing , because she 'll be gone at the end anyway . 
  the president nominates the ministers , and you an bet she 'll nominate close parteners who wo n't say no to her . 
  you think europe has this kind of leverage ? 
  especially now that countries are having a wave of popullist and anti-establishement sentiment ? 
  if you seriously believe that brexit 2.0 is n't going to happen the moment a referendum is called , you are delusional . 
  follow elections closely , because you might be surprised on what could happen . 
  europe lost a huge contributor already , the uk , it wo n't survive another loss . 
  i expected no less from a reddit comment . 
  and your numbers are wrong , he lost by 2.8 million not 3 + and that 's a 2.09 % difference , do n't forget the 63 million people who voted for him , these people exist . 
  i must add that this exact 2.8 m difference comes from the state of california only , which is ridiculously biased to democrats , so much that the elections are basically democrat vs democrat . 
  all in all , do n't downplay trump 's victory , he did n't get there with 15 % of the vote , he got there with 45 . 
  lol you still believe that crap ?
