  the uk leaving the eu is nothing crazy , life for the common man is n't going to be any different than right now . 
  all these people making forecasts are the same that were wrong times and times again . 
  if you keep having a negative mindset , you 'll have confirmation bias creeping in looking for stuff that looks bad and ignore all the good stuff . 
  keep it neutral and see how things will look like in 2-3 years , because for the next 2 years , nothing is going to change . 
  you officialy have n't even started leaving the eu . 
  what i do n't like about these circlejerk is that you could literally replace all these articles with a title like this : `` proof that leave vote was stupid '' , `` proof that people voting leave did n't know what they were doing '' , `` proof that old people have decided the future of this country '' , `` proof that this leave politician is a liar '' . 
  you guys live in an alternate universe where remain won yet the uk is still leaving . 
  i agree with you on the first point , speculation is healthy , what 's not healthy is one way speculation with unchallenged view points ( i should 've clarified it in the first comment ) , anything i hear about brexit is `` we 're all going to die '' , nothing in the middle , nothing that says they 'll be better off , i mean there must be atleast 1 person who has a different view of the future , surely this person exists , because leave has won . 
  i would love to hear something else than `` oh we 're going to die '' , needs a little bit of diversity . 
  then why all the speculation ? 
  nobody on earth knows what the hell is going to happen , no one . 
  yet if you read reddit comments , you would think you are in an european comission full of experts , it 's ridiculous . 
  and the downvoting of other people 's comment who think otherwise especially when you point out that the link does n't even talk about europe just shows how much of a circlejerk this place is . 
  i remember reading posts and people 's comments and you could 've sworn that remain would 've won easily , the amount of pro-leave comments and post were inexistent . 
  yet they lost by a margin of 1.2 million votes on top of the 17m votes for leave . 
  besides , [ this post breaches rule one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) and ofcourse when i posted something pro-leave it got removed by the mods as off-topic yet this thing is still up . 
  as delusional as remain winning like this sub made you think . 
  here comes the circlejerking . 
  the taoiseach told rt\u00c9 on saturday : `` there will be no immediate change to the free flow of people , goods and services between our islands . '' he 's talking between mainland uk and ireland . 
  but keep circlejerking on how leave are dumb etc. . . 
  you 're an extreme minority considering the discussion that has happened on reddit . 
  in fact , i thought that remain would win 65-35 by listening to reddit , and we all know what happened . 
  so be careful with the circlejerking, 
  i hope it 's not a joke because of the `` non-european news and politics '' rule and because uk is no longer part of europe . 
  i am shocked on how you guys have turned against the uk in a 24h time frame , just yesterday you were all `` better together '' and now you 're shitting on them . 
  this is pathetic . 
  i was thinking of ways the remain camp could manage to steal the referundum and this crossed my mind , but if you confirm that there is no other ways , then the uk is officially out . 
  get prepared to lose again then i 'm gon na need to refill my bottle with leftist tears in november, 
  who cares , you do it too . 
  pointing out we do it does n't make you magically not do it . 
  the_donald is an echo chamber , we know it and we do n't hide from it . 
  unlike this place ... 
  it seems that today 's vote is not an enough lesson is it ? 
  keep talking us down , keep saying we 're dumb , keep yelling racist and xenophobe , you 're not gon na convert anyone like this . 
  `` another article to paint that leave voters are dumb . 
  please upvote so that it strengthen my point of view . '', 
  to the downvoters : i used to take your downvote seriously , thinking `` ah maybe they are right '' , but then i remembered that this sub consists of young males in their 20s playing expert armchairs with an extreme left-wing , pro-eu liberal bias , so now i really do n't even give a damn about your opinion nor your votes . 
  if you 're asking then what i am looking for in this place ? 
  salt and tears . 
  you talk you own the eu , like somehow you were born in a country named the eu . 
  this sub is pathetic . 
  tl : dr : i 'm a young liberal white male in his 20 and voted remain , older people voted leave and i lost . 
  this is unfair . 
  but listen to this 3000 upvotes and 3 times gilded comment that says `` fuck fuck fuck '' , i mean that 's proof that the uk is gon na turn into somalia , right ? 
  this is pathetic , acting like you know your shit , i 'm just conviced that reddit is a damn leftist echo chamber of young people acting like they are experts in every freaking fields . 
  i 'm not even gon na bother reading your shit , we 'll see what happens in a year . 
  then where 's the war between china and korea , between japan and china , between russia and the usa , stop this non-sense , just stop this is ridiculous , you were the so called experts predicting a remain win , now you 've lost and you 're having a meltdown . 
  this is stupid ... 
  i thought you were the so called experts and clever one , yet you spit bullshit like this . 
  oh look the eu economical experts are out again . 
  it 's just speculation before a big vote , nothing more , do n't act like tomorrow the pound is gon na be worth cents . 
  it 's gon na stabilize . 
  me too , i 've received calls from all the banks within the uk , they want to go in frankfurt because frankfurt is still in europe . 
  they are also gon na take all the monies with them . 
  i predict a uk-wide cancer that 's gon na kill everyone . 
  early reports of a cure said that you need to join europe to fix it . 
  speculators speculating . 
  amazing !, 
  once again , polls were wrong . 
  have you heard guys ? 
  we live in sunday happy day land , nobody dies , nobody lies . 
  just click `` myth '' all the time and you 'll be 90 % right . 
  what 's the point of a quizz if all the answers are yes ... 
  wasting food . 
  the thing everyone will get pissed off at . 
  the poll was taken online and by phone by randomly choosing people regardless of anything . 
  the poll has been taken from 16 may to 12 june . 
  65 % of the poll takers were surveyed from the 16 to 26 may . 
  tl ; dr : outdated . 
  i 'm more inclined in a 72/28 victory for remain and 100/0 after the postal come in . 
  all nuclear weapons around the world are gon na detonate at the same time the moment the brits vote to leave . 
  oh god not this again . 
  this is the last message i 'm gon na put up , i 've had enough of the switch-a-roos where you talk of something i am not talking about . 
  i know that the loi travail is france 's internal problem , i do n't need an eu expert to explain me this , i 'm using it as an example to your claim that '' * do n't blame someone else for your country fucking up or not being as democratic as you would like it to be . 
  fix your own country instead . 
  * '' as a way to say '' * but we are trying to fix our country * '' . 
  when i say '' * but when it 's a law voted in bruxelles , what do you want to do ? 
  protest in the streets ? '', 
  you answer * `` it 's not about europe being accountable , it 's about your government being accountable . 
  eu does not even enter that picture . 
  '' * who do you think is accountable for the laws that regulate europe , that says that capitals and people can freely move from one european country to another . 
  france ? 
  same for * `` if not , then once again we 're talking about france 's internal politics , and france 's responsibility . 
  we 'll keep eu out of french politics , and we 'll trust french government to reflect the democratic wishes of the french people . '' * . 
  you mean the limited democratic wishes , because so far the eu plants the `` big laws '' you 're left with the `` small '' laws . 
  oh but it was fixed , sarkozy was kicked out in 2012 and replaced with fran\u00e7ois hollande who promised that he will make changes and fight against the `` big banks '' but guess what , he did nothing . 
  see when a governement makes a law we do n't approve , like `` la loi travail '' , we go in the streets and protest because we know who put up this law , but when it 's a law voted in bruxelles , what do you want to do ? 
  protest in the streets ? 
  the governement is just gon na say it 's out of my power , and they 'll be able to screw you in the ass thanks to the eu , they just give the stick to the eu but it 's still the eu that beats you with it . 
  europe ca n't be accountable for anything and that 's what pisses people off . 
  in france , [ we voted in 2005 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_european_constitution_referendum,_2005 ) alongisde the [ dutch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_european_constitution_referendum,_2005 ) to reject the european constitution , 55/45 for france , ** 61 ** / 38 for the dutch and yet a few years later , sarkozy and the dutch leader at the time signed the treaty , this time it 's not the european constitution , but it 's called the treaty of lisbonne which is the same thing , just a different name . 
  please tell me more about that veto of yours . 
  the feeling of betrayal when the eu is gon na roll out it 's change that 's it 's keeping just after the remain vote is gon na be delicious . 
  the best part will be that you wo n't have a second chance for 10 years easily . 
  are the terrible pitches in france made out of recycled soviet ak47 but the real question is : is it gon na influence the brexit ? 
  10 reasons the soviets thought it was a good idea, 
  well there is other ways of `` paying '' an expert , one of which is being `` ignored '' for future researches and papers because you gave an opinion against the people who fund your researches and employ you . 
  i suppose that your twat ( once again the insults against the common man . 
  that 's gon na help in the future ) only has support when millions of other `` twats '' say the same and think the same . 
  if only a thousand `` twats '' had an opinion , no one would care .
