lechistan more like * lahestan * in farsi . 
  von = of ( possessive ), 
  how can something be too star trek-y ? 
  let us colonize space !, 
  the part where [ implicitly all or most ] immigrants in the us are chosen and allowed in instead of having entered the country ` illegally ' or born to ` illegally immigrated ' parents . 
  assimilation and integration are not synonyms . 
  integration does n't mean that you assimilate your new country 's culture . 
  integration comes from both sides and it does n't require ditching your own culture at all , merely adopting the country 's one as well . 
  also * outside * of america you can make up anything and enjoy your fantasies . 
  i just realized i use f.lux ... - . - i did overlook frisian and bask , thanks . 
  was n't sure about latvian/lithuanian , but with f.lux disabled that difference is easy to spot , lol . 
  some of those colors look too much alike . 
  i 'm positive at least 2 of the 8 legend colors are n't used or that it 's a cutout of a larger . 
  * edit : it might help to disable f.lux ... *, 
  drove through belgium ( lux - nl ) at night a couple of nights ago and most ( like 90 % ) of the highway lights i saw were turned off . 
  color me surprised ... 
  just because you 're closer to monkeys than whales are , you 're not a monkey . 
   so all those russian tanks and planes in the `` border '' areas were just for show ? 
  bah , someone should have told the red army ... ah , you mean the many near antique airplanes which were destroyed * on the ground * and the scattered troops near or farther away from the borders which asked for orders but got none because of disbelief and unpreparedness or communications sabotage by the germans ? 
  well ... i suppose you could say there were groups of soviets who carried weapons or sat near their tanks doing nothing until it suddenly rained death from above , they were n't fully operational divisions . 
  stalin was n't expecting any attack that soon . 
  he refused to believe a word from any intelligence service and rather trusted hitler not to attack ( yet ) . 
  since he did n't want to provoke the germans , there was no way they * could * be prepared either , i suppose suddenly halting the trade would seem provocative as well . 
  no , they were not prepared , nor were they expecting it . 
  the initial * major * success of the german campaign showcases this . 
  well , it 's better than nothing , plus their replies may contain sources !, 
  could be because nato literally blew their country up , just sayin ' . 
  there 's nothing standing in there but the customs posts manned by corrupt agents . 
  do you happen to have online sources on that ? 
  they could . 
  they could have * not * provided germany with millions of tons of resources and material . 
  stalin ignored [ the reports of hitler 's oncoming war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_sorge#wartime_intelligence_supplied_by_the_sorge_ring ) against the soviets until the war actually began . 
  right after the then-latest soviet train filled with thousands of tons of resources neared the border , the nazis commenced the largest invasion of human warfare so far . 
  stalin had not even considered the possibility of germany breaking their side of the pact , the soviets went into this war much like how the rest of occupied europe went into theirs ( save for poor poland ) . 
  adding insult to injury , the former probably sent a couple of volunteers around , while the latter had a full army of servicemen at his command . 
  * and that , kids , is where canals come from . 
  well , there 's something to say about their military , for sure . 
  but they 're not alone , nor the worst . 
  boy , that did not work out . 
  godwin 's law has become the new godwin . 
  we do romanticize ` national heroes ' from when slavery was still a thing , though . 
  do n't worry , throwing them off a hill should get the message across !, 
  and if that does n't work , throw them in a pond !, 
  ~ ~ fingers crossed that they * do * know how to swim . ~ ~, 
  umojan protectorate all day every day . 
  bloody hell , you 're right . 
  photoshop was invented over a century ago !, 
  * so * metro . 
  you could sell this to most of the world . 
  all trains would go through the same checks if there were checks , right ? 
  i mean , yeah , we 're not talking about freight * planes * , i guess . 
  no clue what 's protocol for those planes , but i 'm sure it differs from consumer flights ( unlike trains ) . 
  haha , as a european during schengen , you 're pretty spoiled . 
  you absolutely would n't be saying this if you had the displeasure of traveling with hours long waiting because of every goddamn border . 
  blowing up a chemicals freight train near a residential area or major train station could be very shitty . 
  i do n't recall reading about the opkomstplicht * by name * in the letter i received when i turned seventeen . 
  it may have been in there , though . 
  neither do i recall this distinction being made in high school , although the situation was explained correctly . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  do you know how many girls lie about being raped and fess up pretty quickly when they actually have to elaborate their lies ? 
  is n't it better to wait until there 's factual or official news ? 
  she 's a minor , it 's a very sensitive subject for a multitude of reasons and it 's nothing yet but a claim . 
  giving a possible rape victim of 13 years such media attention is dangerous and unhealthy . 
  you have nothing to report but that she claimed to have fallen victim . 
  you 're a foreign newspaper . 
  should you propagate her claims , before anything 's for certain ? 
  or would you rather wait until the police reveal information , for instance a sketch of who they 're looking for or a press release that the community shitstorm is based on a teenager 's lie about being raped ? 
  seriously , so many reasons it should * not * be in the news , at least at this stage of the justice process . 
  do you have any examples ? 
  i read a lot of their articles , but i do n't follow them close enough ( as in search their homepage often ) to judge that . 
  did you bother watching the video ? 
  i mean , we could deport you to the moon for being a scumbag , even though you were n't and only * the person next to you * was . 
  sounds fair ? 
  the next time you take a shit and it has an offensive form , international populistic media looking for clickbait will demand an interview with you about your standoff with mr. hanky . 
  lol . 
  sounds like they should hire more police officers instead , but what do i know . 
   edit : in the facebook post it is said , that he did n't call the police in the end , because he heard from other people the police would say ` there was nothing they could do ' . 
  the guy did n't bother calling the police at first . 
  they police have been actively investigating since a couple of days ago , thus prior to the international media shitstorm of dramatic titles and unbased angry comments . 
   edit : in the facebook post it is said , that he did n't call the police in the end , because he heard from other people the police would say ` there was nothing they could do ' . 
  the guy did n't bother calling the police at first . 
  sounds fair to me based on the extremist views they have . 
  we should n't want violent islamist or fascist scum propagating their views everywhere . 
  what were the specific video contents , though ? 
   i have lived and worked all my life with immigrants from several different generations and ** only the first gen immigrants speak with such a heavy accent , not the people who actually grew up here ** . 
  you 'd be amazed by the thick accents some second or even third generation migrants have . 
  on the other hand , there are some first generation migrants of whom you can barely detect an accent . 
   meanwhile leftist governments are totalitarian , stasi forces and censorship . 
  what leftist governments ? 
  our government is n't leftist at all , it 's center-right . 
  the leading party is the right vvd party , the collaborating party is the center-left pvda party . 
  they 're not really left , only if it suits them and may gather votes . 
  the netherlands is not a particularly leftist country , not at all . 
  we 've not had a leftist government in well over a decade and we 're currently going through a phase where our political landscape is very dynamic . 
  you could say we 're trying to figure out who we are , but defining [ `` the dutchman '' ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/binnenland/maxima-gaf-nederland-compliment~a862758/ ) is an ongoing search without conclusion . 
  we used to have three major political schools since the [ depillarisation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pillarisation ) : christian-democratic ( green ) , social-democratic ( red ) and conservative-liberal ( blue ) . 
  one could say we pushed the depillarisation even further during the past two decades . 
  our governments used to be formed by two-party christian-left or christian-right governments ( with a recent flair of [ purple ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purple_ ( government ) ) ) , but smaller ( opposition ) parties play a much larger role nowadays . 
  the decline of the major christian party and the rise of populist parties , both left-wing social-democratic and a far-right party ( the latter of which is internally basically a dictatorship , there is but one member ) paint a very splintered landscape in both houses ( the governmental coalition does not have a majority in the senate ) . 
  [ historical overview by largest national party .
