  i always thought that germans are very smart but this ... 
  i ca n't even . 
  going through your comments i think that only tax you ever paid was vat for mountain dew and doritos you bought with your mom 's cash . 
  poland would be done without your money bro . 
  i would love to know who is the author of this article and if he is also writing for gazeta wyborcza . 
  is it not necessary to sign your own pice of crap articles anymore ? 
  i do n't feel that any of those are taken from me . 
  but if my goverment will be forced to change it 's policy because of pressure from any of those powers then i will be concerned about my freedom . 
  and why eu is more concerned about hungarian democracy than hungarians ? 
  let them be . 
  why is that ? 
  because you ca n't control hungary ? 
  why would they have any say in it ? 
  we are not threatening any other countries , we elected our own goverment in democratic election . 
  most people here were to young to vote 8 years ago . 
  they ca n't remember . 
  all they know is what media tells them and media is anti-gov because it is about to be purged like it was 8 years ago . 
  everyone will be butthurt over polish government decisions but in the end nothing really will change for poland . 
  uk will stay in eu . 
  migration crisis will be a shitfest , ee will agree on some quotas but migrants will flee to the west anyway . 
  at the end of 2016 germany will say fuck ukraine and stop sanctions against russia . 
  germany will probably win euro 2016 . 
  they could be fined by school but they prefer to face trail ? 
  well , good luck . 
  well , for me both pis and po are same shit . 
  i 'm just calling you on being fucking hypocrite . 
  you were not yelling about democracy until media told you to do it . 
  maybe some day pis laws will be deemed as null . 
  it does not change fact pis broke it and so did po . 
  where were all the democracy worriors when po broke the law . 
  i do . 
  it does not change the fact they broke it . 
  so `` we are not democratic country buhu !, 
  europe pls help us !, 
  save us from tyrany ! '', 
  po broke constitution way before . 
  that makes us non-democratic country for qiute a while now if we think your way . 
  hopefully one day we will leave . 
  maybe thats why some think about quitting . 
  germany benefit from it greatly . 
  it is not charity . 
  yeah it is not democratic because party you dont like won . 
  we are independent , democratic country . 
  can eu take it 's nose out of our ass ? 
  she cares about german intrest , not yours . 
  polish one says that it is meal without meat . 
  you would prefer to have president who is merkel 's puppet , right ? 
  pile of garbage you are forced to pay for . 
  you probably heard that in your media who are promoting our opposition . 
  not as bad as po . 
  getting rid of german influence in our media is bad thing ? 
  all pupets in one box . 
  he read that in wyborcza so it must be true . 
  it is not like austria is the biggest spender in eu . 
  it is self-defense in my eyes . 
  not at all . 
  i 'm saying that if people are very unhappy they will act and goverment is to blame . 
  bricks flew when communism fell . 
  will you blame people for it ? 
  eu solidarity is accepting non-european refugee quotas . 
  it does not . 
  not sucking geman dick is treason in eu . 
  here we go . 
  you are right . 
  invasion was such a waste . 
  i 'm starting to think that you are getting paid for spreading fear . 
  you played this hitler card well . 
  way to go . 
   if we get kicked out this guy . 
  holy shit . 
  po was first to break the rules in july practicly forcing pis to do shit like this now . 
  why there was no outcry then ? 
  looking at your `` scenarios '' i 'm guessing you are very young or very naive . 
  we are fine . 
  stop crying . 
  standing up to putin ? 
  good one . 
  oh snap , you are right !, 
  it is all good then . 
  open it up boys , we good here . 
  i 'm happy to welcome any eu citizen who wants to migrate to my country . 
  we are part of european union , not arabian union . 
  try 1 % for poland . 
  we still wo n't take it . 
  i love those books . 
  hope it did n't crash . 
  is it confirmed ? 
  you know what is pretty weak ? 
  talking shit without checking facts . 
  check how much poland reduced it 's co2 emission over years and then look at china stats . 
  try guessing companies from which country will build nuclear power plants in poland ? 
  is there a war in slovenia ? 
  syrians , right . 
  language is different . 
  you want to hire people who will understand what you are telling them to do . 
  why nationalism ? 
  why hire ukrainian who barely speak polish if you can hire pole for the same shitty wage . 
  we will get ukrainians to fill the gap . 
  shitty wages will stay . 
  just like roaming without additional charges , right ?
