i 'm not . 
  you ca n't compare standard of living of western countries to poland . 
  why would muslim refugee stay in poor poland , where people dont really want them ... if you can just jump to germany where mama merkel will give you everything . 
  putin , stalin here ... go west . 
  maybe it is time to quit . 
  dude , stop it . 
  you are acting like poland does nothing but only takes money from eu . 
  taking care of economic migrants from africa is not our duty . 
  well thats why it seems so inaccurate . 
  you could get completely different results by typing different phrases . 
  for example : czech republic is ... in ue czech people are ... atheists why czech republic is ... atheist why czech people ... do n't like poles none of those is what polish people really think about czech republic . 
  those are just topics we are curious about and we google it . 
  if you ask average pole about czech republic he would probably say something about beautiful women or good beer . 
  more like , what does predek97 thinks about countries in europe . 
  all of those seem so inaccurate . 
  where did you take this from ? 
  this is smart thing to do . 
  they should spend less on eu and non-eu foreigners . 
  some people just leech on their social system . 
  it is almost like we have no problem with people who work hard and integrate well . 
  dang , how is it possible ? 
  this is what they belivie . 
  they think poland just got cash for free . 
  look at this leming , po and nowoczesna loves him . 
  people living in poland are , those living in the west are very pro-eu obviously . 
  also poland was pro-eu until eu went full retard on immigration . 
  ignorant european , never changes . 
  this one can . 
  how is belgium still a country ? 
  if they do n't want to live in eastern europe , do n't force them to relocate to poland . 
  keep them in germany , sweden or other leftist hellhole , everyone will be happy . 
  you wont tell them a thing because you are absolutely spineless , like rest of the west . 
  i will take them over other european leaders . 
  alien culture in europe is doing unhuman shit . 
  it fits narrative very well . 
  for me it is merkel , hollande and others who sold thier soul and their country to globalists . 
  i did not say that they should leave nato . 
  what i ment is that they should pull back their bases . 
  nato is good , but why america is the one to pay for it ? 
  we were part of ussr for 45 years . 
  thank god for team america , they saved us just in time . 
  i was born in communist poland and you have no idea what you are talking about , ally . 
  angela is working on it . 
  trump is right , usa should pull back from europe . 
  only few nato countries in europe are spending agreed 2 % of thier budget on defence , who needs allies you ca n't relay on . 
  he admitted that that america is responsible for destabilizing middle east and that they should never start war in iraq . 
  hopfully with trump usa stops being worlds police . 
  media wants to make him look like fool and evil man but i think he is very smart and can do much good for his country . 
  to bad we do n't have politicians like this in europe . 
  politicians who care more about their own people and their country business . 
  she did a good thing reporting it . 
  weak religion , weak pope . 
  everyone in europe can shitpost on reddit . 
  even russians . 
  dont prise bolek for it, 
  sadly not very popular in poland . 
  if everyone steals content there is no reason to create content . 
  netflix would be great for a price in europe if it had same library as uk or us . 
  she is old enough to go all the way from europe to middle east and join isis than she is old enough to go to jail . 
  oh so it is just democratic wiretap . 
  sorry i thought it is about mass serveillance because im from undemocratic country . 
  i dont know any better . 
  european parliament commission when ? 
  do n't act like a clown . 
  we can still trade and be partners but we should not have our borders unchecked when there is high number of terrorists in our neighbour country . 
  it should not be a problem for german citizen to show his passport at the border . 
  we should close borders with germany . 
  finland during summer . 
  better now than never . 
  nation was still there but the country was gone . 
  lets call it russian death camp . 
  it makes as much sense as calling it polish death camp . 
  lets make meme dreams real . 
  that makes sense but i still dont see them staying in ee , benefits are way to low . 
  they will go to western europe anyway or hopefully go back to africa/middle east . 
  god , germans are so naive . 
  fingerprint check will keep migrans in country without closing shagen , sure . 
  good luck with that . 
  ha ha ha ha good one . 
  one murder wont change murder rates in country of 35 + million people . 
  for example in 2014 - 532 people were murdered in poland , one more would not change statistics too much . 
  he is facist because internet said so . 
  same as kaczy\u0144ski and orban . 
  trump is facist because he do n't want immigrants which makes him hitler . 
  best germany can do now is invite not invade . 
  stop inviting . 
  our great ally , saudi arabia would be a safe bet . 
  first guy either gave no arguments to support his 12-13 % claim . 
  very brave to make fun of danes for doing the right thing . 
  it is easy to compare western nation to nazis but if you call arabs terrorist world will cry in fury . 
  keep your head up denmark . 
  i ' t is not an insult . 
  you are naive like a child so i 'm calling you out . 
  how poland benefited from emigration ? 
  polish people worked for dirt low wages . 
  they could work and pay taxes in poland . 
  the ones who benefited from it were those german `` job makers '' who employed them . 
  most of the people who migrated stayed in germany , they spent their money in germany . 
  poland lost people , workers and tax money . 
  i blame german government on it by doing shit job when dealing with job black market .
