  i will believe it when i see it . 
  i 'm pole living in poland and i 'm suprised so many foreign people and media care so much about polish democracy . 
  dont be upset tho , maybe party you like will win next election . 
  they have a chance because we live in democratic country . 
  just look at today 's dnc leaks . 
  compared to us our democration is top fucking notch . 
  funny how obama was mocking polish goverment but he was one selling ambasador possitions for big cash . 
  good for them . 
  is there any list of current top 10 ? 
  hahah typical leftie , calling others racist or neo-nazi without any arguments . 
  he got hillary 'd, 
  it is unliberal but not undemocratic . 
  you lefties always think liberalism and democracy is the same thing . 
  it is not . 
  most people in poland are against gay marriage , we democratically elected conservative government that wo n't legalise gay marriage . 
  how is it undemocratic ? 
  personally i 'm in favor of gay marriage legalisation but i ca n't see how not legalising it is undemocratic . 
  lol, 
  it would be scary if those drawings were anti-russian , anti-german , anti-islam , anti-gay , anti-anything . 
  but ca n't see how teaching about friendship with our allies is scary . 
  [ this is scary ] ( http://englishrussia.com/images/newpictures/russian-preschool-kids-learn-how-to-use-weapons/urok_v_sadu_03_full.jpg ), 
  what gay marrige has to do with democracy ? 
  most poles do n't wa n't it so we do n't have it . 
  most poles voted for conservative government and we got it . 
  can you give any examples of anti-democratic events in poland ? 
  gay marriage was not a thing 20 years ago , it is not european value . 
  holy shit this sub . 
  how i 'm attacking you ? 
  are you feeling attacked ? 
  do you feel threatened ? 
  strange because i did not mention you in my previous comment . 
  because this question stupid and ment to confuse people . 
  to be expected from newsweek . 
  why dont they ask if you support gay marrige or not ? 
  just look at this thread . 
  even here people tought 53 % of responders were anti-gay . 
  27 % are against gay marrige . 
  i would love to see results of same poll for british people . 
  i agree , this question is stupid . 
  why dont just ask people if they support gay marrige or not ? 
  i bet most would say that they dont give a signle fuck . 
  you want to tell me you do n't own one ? 
  you made a statment that germany took most refugees . 
  so i 'm asking . 
  how many refugees ? 
  and how many of those refugees are refugees ? 
  he is concerned about refugees she invited to schegen not about free movement itself . 
  it is ment to be free movement for eu citizens not for unchecked african masses . 
  no country signed free movement agreement with africa . 
  i had no problem to opt out 15 ~ years ago . 
  0 problems with it . 
  now it must be even easier . 
  not terrorist just a killer . 
  i 'm so relieved . 
  refugees welcome again . 
  gun laws with get tighter for normal people . 
  shooters will get guns from black market . 
  dunno , it 's hard to kill 80 + people with a hand gun . 
  will france tighter its truck laws ? 
  he does not . 
  it is bad pr to care about christians . 
  it is much more popular to care about islamic refugees so he jumped on it . 
  fuck him . 
  safe bet . 
  be weary of hungover . 
  dang , people seeing fruits of multiculturalism may start think for themselves . 
  terrorist attack footage is propaganda but no one had problem with showing picture of drowned refugee boy to the whole world . 
  they are right on this one . 
  but who will pay for it ? 
  for my national army yes , for eu army no . 
  yes 6 . 
  anti-tank cavalry, 
  good . 
  do n't give this site any cash . 
  thats some kindergarden argument you got here chap . 
  you are proving my point . 
  free raiders are getting mad . 
  trump is right . 
  dont know why you are being downvoted . 
  us is the only spender in nato , rest is taking free ride for your tax money . 
  people here are mad because trump would rather spend that cash on us infrastructure . 
  i told you that by your stupid jokes you are feeding racism against poles which makes you reatard and twat . 
  you told me that i have bad grammar . 
  so there is more than just name calling . 
  good argument . 
  well done , twat . 
  brown people are terrorists !, 
  ha ha !, 
  you are retarded . 
  polish thief stereotype is one of many reasons for attacks on poles . 
  you are doing good job feeding it . 
  is this best you can do ? 
  where is this hate ? 
  he is right , illegals bring a lot of problems , we can see it in europe . 
  we should be againt illegal immigration , but he did not tell you too hate them . 
  it is not hate . 
  colour me surprised, 
  if you think trump is spreading hate , you are closed minded one . 
  watch more tv lad . 
  if you think he is spreading hate then give me one example of it .
