  again , how poland could stop it ? 
  do n't be a child . 
  after they passed the border polish government could do nothing about it . 
  what should polish government do to protect your borders ? 
  build a wall ? 
  i agree that polish were migrants and i think that germany should not let them in back then . 
  how is it hypocrisy ? 
  i never migrated and i do n't want illegal migrants here . 
  i 'm against all illegal migration . 
  do n't be a child it is not polish government job to protect your borders . 
  we protect ours and we will do better job then you did . 
  you were spineless in the past and you are spineless now . 
  hopefully one day you will learn . 
  i do n't see any irony . 
  people who went to germany are now enjoying multiculturalism there . 
  millions that stayed in poland do n't want it . 
  we like boring . 
  let the west be exciting . 
  i bet freedom of speech is in nl constitution . 
  edit : from wiki  freedom of speech ( article 7 ) . 
  this article has only been partially changed in the 1983 revision , as it was linked to very complicated case law . 
  sub article 1 contains the classic freedom of the press . 
  any censorship is absolutely forbidden . 
  however , formal law can otherwise limit this freedom , e.g. 
  by making a certain content punishable under penal law . 
  such limiting powers can not be delegated to lower administrative bodies such as municipalities ; the related right of distribution of printed materials can similarly only be limited by formal law . 
  however , the supreme court has nevertheless ruled since 1950 that such bodies may in fact limit the distribution of materials , if such a limitation is not based on the content of those materials and does not imply a complete impediment to any separate means of distribution . 
  they may for instance limit the spreading of pamphlets to certain hours for reasons of public order . 
  sub article 2 has the same arrangement for television and radio broadcasts . 
  sub article 3 , added in 1983 , gives a general right of expression , for those cases where neither printed nor broadcast information is involved ; this includes the freedom of speech . 
  again , no censorship is ever allowed , but the right can otherwise be limited by formal law ; explicitly mentioned in sub article 3 is the possibility to limit the viewing of movies by minors under the age of sixteen . 
  although no delegation is possible , lower bodies may limit the exercise of the right for reasons of public order if such limitations are not based on the content of the expressed views . 
  sub article 4 states that commercial advertising is not protected by article 7 . 
  the dutch constitution does not contain a freedom of gathering of information . 
  i 'm waiting for dutch debate in ep . 
  literally hitler . 
  germony pls help !, 
  well said . 
  this video is super simplified . 
  no word why poland voted for change . 
  it is not solution at all . 
  you think quotas would solve the problem ? 
  migration crisis has it 's roots in two countries starting naive open arms policy and trying to force quotas on others . 
  we should decentralize . 
  what are core european values ? 
  taking millions immigrants from africa and forcing others to take them too ? 
  censorship of media regarding immigrant rape cases ? 
  doing deals with russia without your eu partners ? 
  tell me which european values we stay away from and dont tell me `` democracy '' because eu democracy is bullshit . 
   facing increased right-wing populism , the eu-leaders prioritize securing domestic support and neglect cooperation across the union . 
  fences and border controls pop up everywhere as a response to more terror attacks . 
  by 2018 a border free europe is nothing but a distant memory . 
  sounds good for me . 
  funny when right wing does what people want it is populism but when left do what people want it is great democracy . 
  they know ? 
  did you watch the debate ? 
  they have no idea . 
  they offended us by trying to lecture us but not knowing what they are talking about . 
  oppression of silesians ? 
  breaking human rights ? 
  holy fuck , yes i 'm offended . 
  pe made fools of themselves . 
  europe wants to lecture us but they have no idea what is happening in poland . 
  all the `` refugees '' are economic migrants too after passing first safe country . 
  i would rather welcome next milion of ukrainians than taking 20k north-african migrants . 
  her claim was wrong tho . 
  good for us . 
  maybe merkel could do it . 
  she makes deals with putin , she would have a lot of chances to bug it . 
  the ball is still in play . 
  polish govt get its arse handed ? 
  please , have you watched it ? 
  i dont like pis but it will go up and up because shit like this . 
  you are one butthurt po lover . 
  you are the one who is crying . 
  hahaha ... 
  i 'm done . 
  eu is a joke . 
  that will show us . 
   philippot said there was `` no debate ... today '' of responding to the new media powers by kicking poland out of the eurovision song contest that the ebu produces . 
  urop pls no, 
  so how long will we wait before germany forgets greece debt ? 
  it is all in the past ... 
  greece situation has nothing to do with calling you nazis . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  it is not ok to call greman supervision ` nazilike ' but it was ok to call polish government : nazis , facist , next russia , putin , obran etc. 
  you could see it all over reddit last 3 weeks . 
  small fraction of north african migrants are refugees/assylum seekers . 
  how dumb it is to let everyone in ? 
  madness started with merkel 's open arms policy . 
  europe will take milions because this women said in september that europe will take all of them . 
  europe does n't want to take milions now but look just few months back . 
  it has nothing to do with being nice . 
  we took few hundred thousand ukrainians . 
  they are educated , they want to work , we can integrate them into our society . 
  but we integrated all of them into our society . 
  we respect them and they respect us . 
  europe wants to take milions they cant integrate . 
  if you ask me , we are doing better job than western europe . 
  germany can not protect it 's own people but is first to protect polish people from it 's own government .
