meciar and bombings ? 
  lol , that 's a good joke . 
  in any case i 'm not intereested in debating with you any further , beacause you 're apparently an incorrigible hungarian chauvinist . 
  multiculturalism * did * create those circumstances , specifically by importing muslims , who have significantly higher rates of abusive marraiges , into european countries . 
  and in the uk they even created special sharia courts to make the abuse even more widespread among muslims . 
  the ussr exploited all countries of the eastern block . 
  we did n't adopt the euro , slovaks did . 
  and as was mentioned in this thread before , the hungarians can use their `` extraterritorial citiens '' to put pressure on other governments , claiming that they `` oppress their citizens . '', 
  it 's certain that the hungarian government did n't have the right to make a law which jaopardizes the national sovereignity of its neighbouring states . 
  ukrainians and russians certainly have a reason to miss communism . 
  their countries were plundered and everything was stolen , the economy did n't reach their pre-collapse levels until the early 2000s . 
  ukraine is the worst , even compared to russia and belarus it 's absolutely impoverished and corrupt . 
  so they finally got what they deserve for exploiting us during the soviet era . 
  although the coupon privatization was somewhat botched and a lot was stolen , we now have a working market economy , so that 's probably why . 
   the slovak law is special and is meant to target hungarians living in slovakia . 
  as it should be . 
  they had the right to respond to such an unprecedented step . 
  there is medical marijuana in a number of european countries ... 
  can you name the benefits ? 
  as far as i 've noticed the country rather suffers a loss because of our eu membership . 
  they force us to comply with various useless eu laws , destroy our agriculture by subsidies and limits in favor of french and german farmers and we pay more than we get from the eu budget . 
  that 's actually a good map , they got all the czech names right . 
  and where exactly did it happen `` for the first time in recorded history ? '', 
  seems like you pulled it out of your ass . 
  snow ... and it 's only 8 days after the end of winter . 
  how shocking . 
  it must be some sort of conspiracy . 
  not bad , the czech republic is above austria and france ... the concept of adjustment for inequality is flawed , our lives are n't better because of it . 
  to each his own , lol . 
  i do n't understand why the belgians brought the muslim scum into their country . 
  what use the moroccans and others have other than committing crime and terrorist attacks ? 
  too bad the illiterate muslims you 're importing have no money . 
  outside the uk and southern europe , people are used to snow . 
  that would have to be * a lot * of snow to cause breakdown . 
  production and distribution has always been illegal for obvious reasons , but here we 're talking about possession . 
  it 's wrong when they ban downloading pictures from the internet and it 's very easy to abuse it as a faked-up evidence . 
  we 're all slaves of the eu bureucrats , as i said . 
  enslaving anyone is wrong , but if anyone deserves to be enslaved , it 's the eu politicians who force us to adopt such laws . 
  if we can do only what they like , it 's slavery . 
  banning any kind of porn is wrong . 
  why do n't they just let us decide for ourselves ? 
  the eu bureucrats want to control us and our country . 
  yeah , it 's really stupid . 
  and as i said , who knows what comes next ? 
  it 's always disguised by noble ideas ... the fuckers from the eu even forced us to ban child porn a few years back . 
  they want power and the best way how to get it is the salam method ... slowly curtailing our civil rights under the guise of fighting against a common enemy . 
  falklands are not europe . 
  this post must be deleted asap . 
  true , the hungarians are like a pest . 
  you give them one finger and they the the whole hand . 
  all they want is greater hungary and have the slovaks serve them as centuries ago . 
  i do n't buy eggs , we keep chicken . 
  eggs are put in the fridge only if they 're too dirty and need to be washed or are somehow damaged . 
  and even eggs from the shop do n't belong to fridge , nobody does that . 
  it seems that the german government is doing everything in their power to annoy their citizens on the internet . 
  gema is another example ... 
  i thought prince philip was a left-wing environmentalist or something . 
  yes , but not nearly as much as the eurozone members . 
  why should it be made up ? 
  do n't you know about the euro bailout ? 
  each eurozone member had to pay . 
  they 're basically described in the article . 
  euro is laden with debt and it does n't allow for monetary policies to be applied . 
  plus it would cause price increases . 
   more than 80 percent of czechs are against entering the euro zone , according to the latest eurobarometer poll , making the czechs the strongest opponents among the seven former soviet bloc members in the european union that have yet to join . 
  i would n't call it `` split deeply . '', 
  czechs say `` fuck the euro '' and i agree . 
  i think this would be the death of the minister of agriculture ... he could say bye bye to his position , because this would anger everyone . 
  it is true that our doctors have good medical expertise , but the services in our hospitals can be quite disastrous sometimes . 
  same here , our brethren . 
  we follow the same primitive customs . 
  swedes are so degenerated ... i 'd say they 're even more politically correct than americans . 
  lol . 
  swedish democrats are routinely labelled as `` nazis '' , when in fact they 're a very moderate right-wing party . 
  but it wo n't take long until the muslim immigrants make their own political party ... and eventually gaining the majority of votes due to their high fertility . 
  and then you can say bye bye to your old sweden , swedish liberals . 
  we make our own . 
  from pork liver . 
  but aside of that we also buy the canned one . 
  if they elect berlusconi again , i 'll shit myself laughing . 
  how to be czech in 3 easy steps : 1 . 
  be born to czech parents 2 . 
  most movies are in english . 
  and while reading subtitles is n't a problem for you and me , it can be a problem for many older people , or people who are listening to tv while doing something else , or those who are not fully focused on the movie . 
  it 's easy for you to say that when almost everybody in sweden understands english . 
  but for many people who do n't understand the language it would be uncomfortable to read subtitles all the time . 
  you 're an idiot , in lithuania they have russians , as i pointed out earlier in this thread . 
  there 's clearly stated that poverty and education have only little influence and that the main indicator of crime is race . 
  you claim you 've debunked it , so prove it . 
  you 've proven nothing so far , because you know you ca n't . 
  i 'm afraid that people today do n't commit crimes because they would be discriminated against . 
  and i do n't know any developed country where a segment of the native population would create ghettos and bad neighborhoods . 
  this fairy tale about poverty and education is repeated by liberals over and over , but it 's simply [ not true . 
  ] ( http://unamusementpark.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/flyer1_crime.jpg ) race is the single best indicator of violent crime . 
  depauprated , that 's a good word . 
  in any case there would be no inner cities and impoverished suburbs without non-wiite immigrants . 
  mexicans are n't of spanish origin . 
  they 're mostly indians with some spanish blood . 
  and you also ca n't explain why in europe there mostly are no inner cities and urban poverty , when race supposedly has no influence on this . 
  the results can not be in any way skewed for homicide .
