  wait . 
  you 're an australian living in georgia ? 
  or the other way around ? 
  but yea ... 
  surrounded by mountains , full of wolves and forests , lots of castles and fortresses . 
  kinda sounds like transylvania to me . 
  :d me likey . 
  i do n't know why , but i 've had a fascination with georgia for a very long time . 
  it 's an incredible country . 
  i just wish that i 'll get to visit it someday . 
  there are definitely some cultural similarities that romanians share ( generally ) with other balkan countries . 
  however , i 'd definitely say that southern romania is not only geographically but also culturally much closer to the balkans than the north . 
  i know you 're just a troll , however , this often times comes as a surprise to people , but romania is actually one of the safest countries in the world with a very low crime index as well . 
  ( safer and with less petty crime than in most of western europe ) , 
  yes . 
  pig is great wealth of romania . 
  pig will show other countries our power . 
  they will see that we have pig and that we are well off and they will fear us !, 
  god bless romania !, 
  he 's canadian . 
  that was easy for him . 
  he got off the hook too easy . 
  the difference between my comment and yours is that i purely referred to ideological followers ( i.e. 
  nazis/soviets ) and not to any nationalities . 
   do n't get me wrong , fuck the nazis as well i had the romanian ones in mind as well . 
  same goes for for soviets . 
  it would be impertinent and immoral of me to assign a label to an entire race ( pretty much what you did ) . 
  ironic , considering your flair . 
  if you 'd be less ignorant , you 'd know that such things had really not that much popular support . 
  only the outside pressure and interference made antonescu 's military dictatorship possible . 
  i wash my hands with * soap and water * every time i piss and so do most people around here . 
  it 's just ingrained in the culture , i guess . 
  since we were kids we were told to wash our hands with soap every time after we went to the bathroom . 
  i 'm not claiming that overall we are cleaner on average than other europeans , just that it 's a thing that we do . 
  fuck the soviets . 
  do n't get me wrong , fuck the nazis as well , but as a romanian - fuck the soviets , man . 
  why are you jumping to conclusions ? 
  it 's funny cause people did n't understand what the map was about . 
  u/xenium94 are you sure the data is correct , there 's no way there 's more rapes in chartres than in paris , the data should atleast coincide with population density edit : i 'm dumb, 
  wtf ? 
  it 's quite funny to read the comments . 
  it 's a teeny tiny bit better than in most of europe , but hardly `` very good '' , as can be seen in the eurostat chart that i linked . 
  http://www.oecd.org/media/oecdorg/directorates/economicsdepartment/economicoutlook/eo100%20turkey.png checks out . 
  cool . 
  it literally says on the image . 
  eurostat - pretty much the best source when it comes to european economic indicators , imo . 
  that is quite impressive . 
   young that is definitely not true . 
  for some reason people always assume that central and eastern european countries have a young population , yet that is false . 
  the median age is about the same throughout europe . 
  in fact , eastern europe 's population is aging much faster than european average ( and it 's accelerating ) due to the extremely low birthrates . 
  the quality of the comments seems to have really improved on this subreddit since i stopped being active . 
  it truly is great to see . 
  :d thanks u/kasberg for your detailed and well documented report . 
  cluj master race , like always . 
  ez win . 
  still no underground tho . 
  there are no borders between neighborhoods either , mate . 
   leave to other eu countries with better quality of life and infrastructure . 
  very few people leave their home country for the two reasons you mentioned . 
  do you know how it feels to feel like a stranger in a foreign place - being looked down upon and accused in the media of stealing jobs while your entire family is thousands of kilometers away from you ? 
  romania might not be as rich as most other countries in europe , but it 's still no zimbabwe . 
  the only reason people move is money . 
  why make 500 euros when you can make 2500 ? 
  i am so lazy that i would n't even go to the next neighborhood for cheaper alcohol . 
  going to other countries just to buy alcohol ? 
  crazy ... 
  -15 yesterday evening in cluj-napoca . 
   plus i imagine living as an ethnic german in france , belgium or in the netherlands does n't suck nearly as much as it sucks being a hungarian minority in romania , for example . 
   especially when you often feel like a second class citizen i am part romanian part hungarian from targu mures ( where there are about half and half romanians and hungarians ) . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  just stop , please . 
  obviously , the world is not perfect , but then what your 're saying is simply bullshit . 
   i 'm not even a nationalist bro can definitely see that ... 
  wake up , good people !!, 
  it 's definitely rare here as well mate . 
  it made national news and the prime minister himself said that he will handle it . 
  no it 's fucking not . 
  lol . 
  i agree . 
   turkey : 14,071 they are at 12.000 . 
  [ source ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/country/turkey ), 
  still , he is right though . 
  way poorer than romania , unfortunately . 
  5 times poorer or so . 
  i am pretty tired of that typical romanian ( and generally eastern-central european ) self-hatred and negativity . 
   they are subhumans who assault and insult people i have n't been assaulted or insulted by any taxi driver . 
  yea , sure , some are a bit rough around the edges , but never have i had such an experience . 
   take the scenic routes i 've heard of that happening in bucharest ( and maybe it happened to me as well , as i do n't know the place ) but i can tell you that in cluj and targu mures ( the towns that i lived in ) it has never happened . 
  maybe bucharest taxi drivers have an incentive to do that because the city is big and they just hope that you do n't know the way anyway . 
   demand tips or refuse to give the change back this has never ever happened to me in my entire life . 
  not just when talking about taxi drivers . 
  generally , in regards to anything , it has never happened . 
  refusing to give your change back ? 
  that 's theft . 
  nor have i been asked for tips . 
  ever . 
  i am not in denial or delusional . 
  i am not exaggerating when i 'm saying `` never '' . 
  it has simply never ever happened .
