   the uk is one of the most tolerant and welcoming countries in the world for immigrants so why is ukip doing so great ? 
  why do they have that much support ? 
  look , i love the uk , i love british people and i very much enjoyed visiting your country , but the fact of the matter is that your fucking press and politicians threw so much shit ( and actually still throw ) in my country 's general direction that i 'm sick of it . 
  i should be the butthurt one , not you . 
  at any rate , it was a joke and if you feel offended by it , well , though luck . 
  blame your hypocrite politicians , not me . 
  ps : this comment is a little bit harsher than intended , but i 'm not in the mood to modify it . 
  i was n't necessarily referring to this exact case , i talking metaphorically . 
  i 'd imagine that you 'd be grateful that i 'm respecting all people , regardless of their sexual orientation . 
  great news !, 
  put yourself in their position for a moment . 
  basically they are saying that if the eu does n't help and share our burden , we will forcefully make them share our burden . 
  so they are threatening the rest of the eu with their burden which should be eu 's burden in the first place , not just italy 's . 
  this is something that should have been addressed a long time ago , yet is was n't . 
  they are probably sick of playing the continent 's border police . 
  i do n't see a choice , i see options . 
  i 'd choose the one on the right myself , but some people might not and i respect their orientation . 
  you do n't like the scots ? 
  i have a trade in mind . 
  give us all your scottish people and we will give you our gypsies . 
  why is it immature ? 
  managing the borders should be a eu wide operation , not just a border state 's job . 
  omg !, 
  even with those 28 million romanians and bulgarians that migrated after the 1st of january ? 
  that 's quite impressive , britain !, 
  the ties that berlin has are mostly bilateral , with some being quite in favor of germany instead of russia . 
  that does n't seem to be the case in bulgaria . 
  the bulgarian politicians are playing a dangerous game lately . 
  and unfortunately , hungarian politicians seem to also intend on joining that game . 
   and the lowest in romania ( 10 % ) . 
   poles and czechs and lithuanians lived worse than the english and the french , but they still lived better than russians . 
  the eastern bloc was not comprised only by poles , czechs and lithuanians . 
  not everybody lived a comfy life in eastern europe . 
  as a romanian , i curse every second my country was under that damned regime . 
   despite the brutality of the soviet rule , they can not beat 13 million civilian deaths in 4 years . 
  actually , the soviet regime sent to work camps and murdered many more people than the nazis ever did . 
  of course , the nazis were more aggressive and their killings were in a much shorter time span , but hey , the raw numbers are incomparable . 
  ( you made the same point in your post )  yes , i know that the germans did n't decimate eastern europe like they did russia , belarus and ukraine not only that the germans did not decimate eastern europe ( not even when we fought against them ) , but the russians were monsters ( even when we were allies ) . 
  when the russian army passed trough romania they raped , murdered , destroyed and stole everything they could . 
   so , what do you think it will take to put the past behind us ? 
  well , i 'll just cite part of title of your post :  why eastern european do n't like ussr and ergo russia . 
  that 's exactly why we ca n't put the past behind us !, 
  the past has not yet passed for russians . 
  you still identify with the ussr !, 
  that 's fucking crazy !, 
  not only you identify with ussr , but you 're proud of the ussr . 
  on the victory day parade there were more soviet flags than russian ones . 
  imagine the uproar if this would happen in germany . 
  you 're asking why ca n't we treat russia 's past like we treat germany 's past . 
  well , i think i gave you enough reasons . 
  not to mention that for most east europeans , russia was ( and somewhat still is ) much closer to a devil figure than nazi germany . 
  despite his name , he is actually right . 
  i did not downvote you , but i 'll be honest , i did n't get it either . 
  the jury did not like poland it seems - nor switzerland , for that matter . 
  to be fair , that polish girl was n't all that great at singing , so i can understand why the juries were a little bit harsher with her . 
  it was a cool gimmick , a fun/catchy song and all that , but if you actually listen to it , it 's not the greatest . 
  i do n't like having a jury , to be honest . 
  it should be there in case of an emergency , but if everything went according to plan , their points should not be added up . 
  they should count only the public 's votes . 
  it would make the show more social rather than political . 
  when you `` said across europe '' i thought you meant in each country . 
  really ? 
  do n't get me wrong , it does n't seem like a bad show , but there are lots of other shows which i would much rather prefer . 
  instead of this one , i would love to see top gear - romanian version and qi . 
  `` who do you think you are '' might be a good one as well . 
   turkey still wants to join the european union , its leaders say while raising concerns about the direction the 28-nation bloc is taking ah , hypocrisy !, 
  how sweet thou art !, 
  [ garda de fier ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkvg1lxmxx0 ) ( the iron guard ) . 
  [ he ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corneliu_zelea_codreanu ) was it 's leader . 
  we have that show in romania . 
  it 's called `` cirea\u015fa de pe tort '' ( the cherry on the cake ) . 
  the contestants are celebrities here , as far as i know . 
  i never watched the show , but i 've seen a little of it here and there . 
  i think it 's quite an old show . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  i knew the number of states , but it seems i divided by 6 instead of 16 .  that 's what i get for not double-checking the result . 
  i saw it a while ago . 
  this youtube channel is very republican . 
  most of his videos are shit . 
  of course , america handles it 's healthcare on a state-by-state basis so the fundamental point in his video ( population ) does not make sense . 
  in fact , it 's quite the opposite . 
  the average population of a us state is 6.3 million - a tenth of uk or france 's population . 
  ~ ~ even in germany , the average state population is 13,6 million ~ ~ , so what he is saying is total bullshit . 
  not to mention , with it 's high gdp per capita , the usa could easily become world leader in the healthcare sector . 
  edit : i made a mistake when dividing germany 's population by the number of it 's states . 
  instead of dividing by 16 , i divided by 6 . 
  oops !, 
  well , you have a good song this year . 
   remove any regulations regarding this type of buildings that would have a dramatic effect on romania 's architecture . 
  `` yeah , just turn that 500 year old house in a shopping mall . 
  not a biggie . '', 
  it does n't have anything to do with the european elections . 
  it 's probably because the romanian elections are coming up . 
  yeah , i 've read that . 
  bad news are the norm in romania . 
  that 's what i 'm saying - recently , there have been some good news making their way trough the waves of shit . 
  i would n't say it 's great - not even satisfactory for that matter - but it 's a hell of a lot better than boc 's government . 
  so yes , i agree , they took some good decisions , not just bad ones . 
  why are there so many good news coming from romania these days ? 
  i am not accustomed to this .
