  i do n't trust this . 
  what happened ? 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting ), 
  [ i 'd like this one . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pv5jlsloyce ) , 
  nooooo . . they 're slim . 
  very very slim . 
  do n't worry about it !, 
  budapest is one of the most beautiful cities i 've seen as of yet . 
  haha . 
  well , it would be good for both the eurozone countries and for romania as it will facilitate trade . 
  it would be bad only if romania screws up really bad . 
  for romanians this will also mean increased salaries , but sadly , increased costs as well . 
  so yes , i guess you can be excited by the fact that the euro will be a tiny bit more influential than it is today and you will also be able to visit romania without exchanging your money into lei . 
  otherwise , it wo n't affect you all that much . 
  that 's what i hate abut them - their lack of charm . 
  i do n't see any charm in them . 
  also , 40 years for a building is n't that much , to be honest , especially when built with modern technology . 
  there are lots of 2 or 300 hundred year old buildings in which people live . 
  interesting . 
  in romania we call the first one `` croissant '' and the second one `` cornet '' . 
  i 'm not sure about banat , but in transylvania we only think we are better than the people from bucharest . 
  damn those grey apartment blocks . 
  almost 25 years have passed since we got rid of the communist scourge , but the concrete blocks still tower over each and every romanian city and town . 
  it was popular everywhere in that period . 
  however , in romania it died out much quicker than in the rest of the world . 
   i guess the vast majority of people here have already heard it , but whatever . 
  it 's still good . 
  i 'm quite certain that the vast majority have not heard this song before . 
  i certainly have n't . 
  however , this is a good fucking song . 
   the most iconic one is gypsy vampire warlock - you just ca n't compete with that guy . 
  that song is not in romanian , it 's in romglish . 
  * like a daimont in the light !, 
  yes , i 'm aware it 's a cover . 
  i love cargo as well . 
  however , i would n't say that it hardly does the original justice . 
  in my opinion , this song is better than the original . 
  ultimately , it comes down to each person 's musical preference so there 's no point in arguing . 
  at any rate , i would advise you to listen to more aproape unplugged songs . 
  all of them sound good ( most are covers ) and i think you would like them . 
  lately , i 've been listening to [ them ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6ba3tosffk ) . 
  very few romanians heard of this band , but in my opinion , they are awesome . 
  there are quite a few romanian songs and artists that are successful on the international market . 
  however , the most iconic romanian song is probably [ dragostea din tei ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrx5praludy ), 
   edit : yep , i 'm an idiot . 
  i just got it right after i pressed `` save '' . 
  no need to explain anymore . 
  as i 've already said , i 've figured it out . 
  anyway , thank you for trying to help . 
  but then , would n't the median wage be much greater than the average wage ? 
  poland 's minimum wage is around 370 euros and i 'm quite sure that the highest salary is quite high . 
  some ceo or highly specialized doctor somewhere is bound to make 20k per month . 
  that means that the median income would be about 10k . 
  i do n't get it . 
  edit : yep , i 'm an idiot . 
  i just got it right after i pressed `` save '' . 
  no need to explain anymore . 
  what is the difference ? 
  i 'm not trying to be a smart-ass , i really do n't know . 
   that 's funny , i thought it was fueled by hitler ( who , by the way , was a complete atheist ) . 
  that 's utter bullshit . 
  there was a lot of anti-hitler propaganda ( hitler is gay , hitler is atheist etc. ) . 
  and while i understand the need to `` demonize '' hitler , most of it was bullshit . 
  i 've read mein kampf and i can assure you that he was a devout catholic . 
  first of all , that was a joke . 
  it was n't meant to be taken seriously . 
  second of all , iowa is not a country , it 's a state . 
  where is the german state hesse ? 
  it 's the same thing . 
  and while i admit i do n't know where all the american states are , i know about most of them . 
  i think that that 's the only reason putin is n't afraid of americans . 
  he knows that they wo n't be able to find europe . 
  that 's your only weakness . 
   i could n't even pinpoint it on a map it 's ok to have no opinion on a group of people if you have n't had any interaction with them . 
  however , you are german man !, 
  not only that , but you are also european . 
  europeans know maps !, 
  we are not american . 
  please educate yourself . 
  really ? 
  i would have thought that crimea is a profitable region . 
  loads of tourists and industry . 
  mate , i live in mure\u015f county and not one person i know wants autonomy . 
  not hungarians , not romanians , nobody . 
  i 'm part hungarian myself , but i certainly do n't want autonomy . 
  same goes for cluj-napoca . 
  i never met one person there who wants autonomy . 
  sure , there might be some , but certainly not many . 
   this is one of those \u201e 63 % of all statistics are made up on the spot '' situations , is n't it ? 
  yes it was . 
  it 's more or less bullshit , but quite close to the truth in my opinion and experience . 
   how long and how much money do you think it would take and cost romania ? 
  a study which i read stated that it would take about 3 billions per year from the state budget and they would catch up in about 10 years . 
  without any increased tax or anything of the sort . 
  also , i exaggerated when i said that i 'm prepared to live in poverty . 
  there wo n't be such drastic effects as i depicted . 
  also , germany 's case it 's totally different . 
  first of all , east germany 's population was 16 million , while moldova 's population is 3.5 million .
