  i mean , sure , my grandma does n't understand english , but then again , she is n't an important factor for european co-operation . 
  governments can communicate with each other using translators and people can communicate using english - the language which can be understood by more than half of europeans . 
  but , sure , latin would be a great idea ... at least for the romance languages speakers . 
  will they get their money back ? 
  or will britain at least somehow repay the favor ? 
  why does europe insist on calling gypsies romanians ? 
  i mean , i get it . 
  they emigrated from romania and all , but because of this kind of headlines people give me weird looks and check their pockets when i travel abroad and tell them that i 'm romanian . 
  now , i know that most you guys are educated and know better , but a large amount of europe 's population is ignorant . 
  they see gypsies on their streets begging and stealing and when the press is calling them romanians , they truly believe that that 's the way romanians generally act . 
  haha . 
  that sounds great !, 
  ` schland !, 
  well , this guy is n't a romanian citizen . 
  the situation here is very different . 
  the reconquista have no chance of succeeding , on the other hand , jobbik has . 
  this is a big movement and it could turn bloody like it did in kosovo and that would be a horrible thing . 
  i agree with you on some level and i can see the reason of your stance . 
  you are from the us of a. 
  however , america bans people all the time for much shittier reasons . 
  stephen fry ( a british comedian/actor/producer / writer with an intellect of a god ) was banned from salt lake city for making a random comment on the hypocrisy of religion while in the city . 
  now , tell me - if some extremist mexican politician came to america to stir shit up and support a separatist movement , would your government not kick him out ? 
  so . . yeah . 
  yeah . 
  there is one problem tough - if romania goes to war with russia , i do n't think we 'll be the winners . 
  yup . 
  pigs . 
  god no !, 
  i said on several occasions that if my country or moldova would need to defend themselves , i would pick up arms and go defend my kin . 
  i do n't endorse war , that idea is very stupid and we have nothing to gain . 
  however , i 'm all for a more aggressive diplomatic stance from the eu . 
  as it should !, 
  i 'm so envious . 
  i 'd love a system like that . 
  the pirate bay ... ? 
  i would love to visit serbia one day . 
  i think it 's quite easy to differentiate between germanic languages , slavic languages are quite tricky though . 
  also , when i hear greek , i immediately think spanish . 
  i do n't know why , but it takes some concentration to tell those two apart . 
  although , i think that 's just a personal thing . 
  usually people can tell which is which quite quickly . 
  this is all well and good , but no war with russia now , plox . 
  yeah , sorry about that mate . 
  i hope you had some fun though . 
  there is quite a lot to see . 
  i hope you 'll visit again . 
  edit : next time stay clear of bucharest and the south . 
  transylvania is the way to go . 
  and if you like medieval churches , you can try moldova . 
  romania has a very extensive rail system , that 's true . 
  but unfortunately it 's quite old and trains can not exceed 70 or 80km/h . 
  there are some railroads in the south on which trains can travel at high speeds , it 's true , but most railroads are shit . 
  also , the trains are shit . 
  there is a lot of potential , but it would require huge investments to make it worth while . 
  buses are the way to go in romania . 
  cfr ( romanian rail company ) is not doing great . 
  the trains are very slow because the rails have not been modernized in a long time and they ca n't afford to because they are losing money big time . 
  very few people travel by train . 
  most use the bus . 
  our bus system is quite great in comparison to the trains . 
  a little more expensive , but they are not filthy and swarming with gypsy pickpockets . 
  iron gates i and iron gates ii are shared by serbia and romania . 
  they have been built when yugoslavia was in one piece . 
  our pm did it as well . 
  victor ponta jumped up by 50.000 likes two weeks ago . 
  i 'm from romania , so ... where should i start ? 
  i 'm assuming that you 're talking about actual myths , not stereotypes . 
  according to the current trend , yes , most definitely . 
  that being said , you never know what might intervene . 
  of course , taking into account what is happening now in crimea , the process might even accelerate if shit hits the fan . 
  danube river . 
  we have a couple of huge hydro plants there . 
  edit : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:hydroelectric_power_stations_in_romania here is a list, 
  nice . 
  i 've read that romania has the biggest potential for wind power in eastern europe . 
  \u2022 wind \u2022 small hydro plants ( < 10mw ) \u2022 solar pv \u2022 biomass & other biofuels \u2022 geothermal \u2022 hydrothermal \u2022 wave energy i downloaded a report on romania 's energy production . 
  it also seems that romania is investing 18.2 billion euros in renewable energy by 2020 . 
  apparently , this is the third largest sum in europe after poland and the czech republic . 
  i do have a a question however . 
  it seems that 44.6 % of romania 's energy is hydro power . 
  is this not counted as green energy by romania and it is by norway and sweden ? 
  interesting . 
  thanks for taking the time to write the comment . 
  agreed . 
  i would have guessed that germany , belgium , france , gb and the netherlands were doing great , but it seems that they are at the bottom of the list . 
  instead , the baltics , scandinavia , portugal , austria and romania are owning it up . 
  also , why sweden 's 2020 target is lower than what they currently produce ? 
  spain is also switching to renewable energy . 
  in 2004 , just 8.3 % of spain 's energy was from renewable sources . 
  in 2012 , the figure grew to 14.3 % and aims for the 20 % by 2020 . 
  wtf ? 
  why have you posted this on r/europe ? 
  this is just a troll video . 
  more dangerous than a rich and powerful russia which just got away with some pretty serious shit ? 
  very pretty , indeed . 
  aaaa ... haha . 
  no , i knew , i was only joking . 
  :d do n't worry , i love the eu . 
  it 's a serious move indeed and turkey probably wo n't recourse to that . 
  but it is leverage nonetheless and it might be a major thorn in russia 's ass if this goes further and turkey decides to do it .
