  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo6f533arda&amp;list=uuakggqlzrlxuv9pkmii_keg&amp;index=3 this one you took looks really nice . 
  i love evening timelapses when they turn the city lights on . 
  i fucking love that . 
  half a century of propaganda punched into you kinda does that . 
  yep . 
  i 've read that the volume of exports will grow in the following years until it reaches 100 % of moldova 's needs . 
  this deal is quite good for romania , but for moldova it 's a win-win situation . 
  not only they 'll obtain energy independence from russia , but they 'll also buy their gas much , much cheaper . 
  why would it be offensive ? 
   ) at any rate , it 's quite complicated . 
  if moldova would hold a referendum for reunification right at this moment , it probably wo n't pass . 
  young people are usually opened to this idea . 
  unfortunately , old people are n't very keen on it and would like closer relations with russia . 
  moldova was bombarded with probably the heaviest communist propaganda during the soviet era . 
  one of the repercussions of that heavy propaganda is that there are a lot of people in moldova who are still convinced that they do n't speak romanian , they speak moldovan ( which is bonkers - we speak the exact same language ) . 
  on the other hand , romanians are more willing to reunite with moldova . 
  the problem is that moldova is the poorest country in europe by far and romania is not very rich herself . 
  so there 's not a very hard push for reunification here either because of economic concerns . 
  so , will we ever be united again ? 
  i 'd say there a 60-70 % chance that we will . 
  however , not right now . 
  yay !, 
  in reality , sofia is probably the ugliest european capital , but bucharest is not far from it , to be fair . 
  things that surprised me about this map : - east germany is richer than the uk without the south-east england . 
  - north italy is much richer than france without \u00cele-de-france . 
   malta what . . ? 
  i 'm sorry , but malmo looks ridiculous . 
  the turning torso is a great piece of engineering , but it clearly should n't have been built there . 
  well , give me an example of an uglier one then . 
  maybe sofia is a bit uglier , but i 'm not certain . 
  excluding the island nations , i would say italy . 
  i obviously wish this was n't the case , but regardless of the angle , bucharest is the ugliest fucking city on this list . 
   ) damn it !, 
  also , [ bucharest skyline 1717 !, 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e0/bucharest,_woodcut,_published_in_leipzig_in_1717.jpg ), 
   how about cutting the agricultural subsidies if there is to much food . 
  buy some food directly from producers to keep prices up . 
  and make free public canteens . 
  regardless of what you do with those agricultural subsidies , supermarkets will buy the same amount of food . 
  sometimes , almost all of it will sell out , other times it wo n't . 
  it 's much more profitable for them to run the risk of throwing away 1 ton of apples than to run the risk of not selling 1 more ton of apples . 
  so the leftover problem will still remain . 
  that being said , the government itself could buy the leftover food from the supermarkets , thus giving it to the poor . 
  but there are huge economic risks involved in that as well . 
  while the supermarket and the producers wo n't suffer any losses in this scenario , the french government might not fare too well for reasons you already mentioned :  this will however make homeless people flock to france, 
  the french agricultural sector in general , not the agricultural sector of the french poor . 
  africa , as he pointed out , is a very good example of this kind of stuff going wrong . 
  we donated shit-tons of stuff to poor african countries . 
  while that helped them a lot in the very short term , it actually perpetuated their poverty in the medium to long term . 
  by donating lots of food , clothes and other stuff , we destroyed their local production and ran all their businesses to the ground by giving them free stuff . 
   it would be much better to give people welfare so they can buy food . 
  again , he made a very good point . 
  rather than giving away tons of food for free , thus greatly limiting consumer growth and fucking up lots of producers , france would be much better off in the long run to just give the poor more money to buy their own food . 
  i , myself , am a humanist so i am all for equality and helping the needy . 
  that being said , the people who proposed this clearly do n't know much about economics . 
  i see . 
  thanks !, 
  oh god !, 
  why ? 
  really ? 
  wow ... 
  why would he be banned ? 
  romania 's position was very clear : stay neutral . 
  as you might know , joining nato was our top priority ever since the revolution , so officially , we could n't really piss them off when the yugoslav wars started , even though our unofficial position was pretty clear - we were for united yugoslavia . 
  some say that we would have joined nato in '99 if we would have decided to go against the serbs . 
  not to mention that there were quite a few romanian volunteers which fought on the serb side . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_fighters_in_the_bosnian_war  the serbs received support from orthodox christian countries , from countries including the federal republic of yugoslavia ( serbia and montenegro ) , greece , russia , and romania . 
  i am familiar with the fact that old people like russia while young people like romania . 
  however , i must ask , what about middle aged people ? 
  the people who were still young when you got your independence . 
  what 's the popular opinion among them ? 
  absolutely true . 
   we should seriously consider assisting them because the cause this time is necessary i 'm not saying we should not ( although i 'm not quite sure ) . 
  i was just ranting angrily about us ' fuck-up . 
  i 'm part hungarian and part romanian and i 'm not treated differently in any way , shape or form . 
  nor are my 100 % hungarian relatives . 
  do n't you think that you 're being fed bullshit ? 
  they discovered 15 million tonnes of petrol and 100 billion cubic meters of gas in the black sea relatively close to romania 's coast . 
  after that , ukraine claimed a huge portion of romania 's waters which would have boxed us in , allowing them to access all those resources . 
  after the bilateral negotiations failed , romania took the case to the international court of justice and won 80 % of the disputed territory . 
  also , in 2004 , they tried to open some shipping canal from the danube to the black sea . 
  this would have had dramatic effects on the wildlife in the delta . 
  obviously , romania took issue with that ( as did most countries in the world and all the environmental ngos ) , because the delta is within our borders . 
  again , ukraine refused to comply and again romania took the issue to the international court of justice and won . 
  the court agreed on political sanctions against ukraine . 
   the danube delta has been a unesco world heritage site since 1991 . 
  the european union has repeatedly asked ukraine to halt the project , as have romania and the united states . 
  the worldwide fund for nature has said the canal threatens the delta 's most important wetland , where 70 percent of the world 's white pelicans and 50 percent of pygmy cormorants live . 
  after all these events with which ukraine would have gotten away with if it was n't for us , meddling romanians ( this is probably the first time i ever referenced something ) , there was a lot of anti-romanian propaganda in the ukrainian press . 
  i remember some ukrainians telling me that we are imperialists and that our press is filled with ukrainian hate . 
  obviously , in reality it was the other way around . 
  our press did n't give a shit about ukraine until this recent conflict . 
  basically , they were kind of a regional bully . 
  nevertheless , the issues are now resolved and i hope we will become friends . 
  edit : / u/capdebour pointed out another reason :  northern bukovina and how they treat the romanian minority from there . 
  northern bucovina was part of romania until the second world war . 
  as a result , even today there are some 400.000 romanians still living there and they are n't treated very well . 
  so your argument is : `` yes , they do feed you more bullshit , but at least they do it with style '' . 
   ) nevertheless , i disagree with that as well . 
  what about romania ?
