  it would be really nice to at least raise the speed limit to 150 when there 's no traffic . 
  all countries have lots of different sub-regulations . 
  however , how were they supposed to fit all those details on this graphic ? 
  i think the graphic is good enough as it addresses the general population . 
  why is the speed limit on the motorway in latvia only 90 ? 
  honestly , i did n't really understand what you were trying to say in your second paragraph . 
  why does my figure seem off ? 
  also , what does belgium have to do with all this ? 
  i have a romanian flair , not a belgian one . 
  my figure is n't off . 
  the average salary is very low , but the cost of living here is less than half of the cost of living in the uk . 
  i always liked rpgs , but for some reason i was always like `` meh ... '' when i stumbled upon the witcher series on the internet . 
  however , a couple of weeks back , `` the witcher 2 : the assassin of kings '' was only about 5 dollars on steam ( part of the summer sale ) , so i thought i should give it a try . 
  man !, 
  knowing what i know now , i would pay 100 times that amount for that game . 
  it 's easily one of the best games i 've played in my entire life . 
  it 's up there with dragonage : origins . 
  launching that game gave me some sort of ecstatic feeling that i have n't felt in years while playing games ; something that i thought i lost with age . 
  now i ca n't wait for the witcher 3 . 
  i really hope it wo n't be a disappointment . 
  also , have any of you played witcher 1 ? 
  it looks like crap , but i 've heard it 's really good . 
  is that true ? 
  i do n't know , mate . 
  i never heard of something like that . 
  i 'm studying in cluj and i also have lots of friends in mures as i was born there and i never heard of something like that . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  you get rooms based on your grades . 
  you ca n't just lose your dormitory because someone bribed someone . 
  there are lists . 
  who do you even need to bribe for that ? 
  the head of the university ? 
  i doubt that 's plausible . 
  i call bullshit on bribing . 
  i always hear stories that you can bribe your way out of anything in romania , but i do n't know anyone who bribed someone else . 
  i , myself , never bribed anyone before , nor was i asked for a bribe . 
  that might be the case in bucharest and the south , but until i see it , i 'm calling bullshit on the `` you can bribe your way out of anything in romania '' myth . 
  so +500 euros per month ? 
  wow . 
  the place looks nice , but damn . 
  that would n't even be possible here as the average salary is about 550 euros per person after taxes . 
  that means about 1000 euros per family with both parents working . 
  but wait , is that a rented apartment or is it a dormitory in an university campus ? 
  because if it 's a rented apartment , then it 's acceptable . 
  yes it is . 
  i 'm am quite tired of this idiotic negativism , mate . 
  wow . 
  that 's quite expensive . 
  yeah , but that 's paris mate , not skopje . 
  yeah . 
  you are right . 
  renting a flat is more expensive , but still quite cheap ( at least in cluj-napoca , in bucharest it might be more expensive ) . 
  i 'm renting an apartment with a couple of friends . 
  it has 3 rooms , 2 bathrooms , a kitchen and a storeroom . 
  we pay 280 euros per month in total and the apartment looks great , it 's not shit . 
  haha . 
  :d actually , at the moment i 'm renting an apartment in marasti , but i might move in observator in campus next year . 
  it seems that the iq averages are more-or-less linked to the education system which is , in term , more-or-less linked to the economy . 
  wait . 
  what ? 
  you need to pay 50 euros per month to stay in that putrid shithole ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  just find a couple of friends and rent an apartment . 
  [ this room ] ( http://eclujeanul.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/camine.jpg ) is at the university at which my ex-girlfriend studies and costs 38 euros per month . 
  [ this one ] ( http://old.etti.utcluj.ro/studenti/img/camin5/camin5_camera1.jpg ) is at my university and it costs 30 euros per month . 
  so i 'm guessing you just stepped on a lego ... 
  romania , moldova , georgia , armenia and azerbaijan are not slavic . 
  only ukraine and belarus are slavic out of that group . 
  why would it be the `` slav group '' ? 
  it is n't . 
  we did not get paired with `` the slavs '' . 
  yeah . 
  it does n't . 
  that 's what i said . 
   i would n't have guessed it, 
  what i find quite surprising is that the bosnian border is so well defined . 
  i would n't have guessed it because in comparison to it 's already poor neighbors , bosnia is even poorer . 
  he said ex-ussr , not ex-communist . 
  it seems that the homicide rates are directly linked to poverty . 
  moldova ( in the eastern part of the country ) is the poorest romanian region and has the highest homicide rate , while banat ( the region in the western part of the country ) is the richest region in romania and has the lowest homicide rate . 
  big cities are usually quite rich , so the homicide rates are n't too bad . 
  most homicides happen in the countryside when 2 villagers get drunk , one of them remembers something about the other one ( unpaid debt , usually ) and then they fight and one of them dies . 
  i read `` scotland : '' and i thought to myself `` this is gon na be good '' . 
   the back-arse of beyond . 
   people from aberdeen and the northeast of the country are universally known to engage in sheep romance , so they are called sheepshaggers . 
  i was n't disappointed . 
  god damn it !, 
  i love scotland . 
  well , i 'm from transylvania as well ( mures valley region and now i live in cluj-napoca ) , however , i never heard the word in that form and with that connotation . 
  i would have guessed it 's from somewhere in moldova , not banat . 
  it 's quite interesting . 
  maybe you got it from the serbs ? 
   in romania we have pizderia ?? 
  as a place or as a swear word ? 
  either way , i never heard of it . 
  maybe it 's a regionalism . 
  you should really not skip transylvania . 
  these lands have an ancient , untainted beauty that is unique to them . 
  do what you wish , but just visiting bucharest and skipping the most beautiful part of the country ( a bit biased , obviously ) is not ideal . 
  you 'd miss a lot .
