  we also lost land and we had to pay $ 300 million to the soviet union . 
  so that did n't help . 
  after the war came communism and even though the communist administration was ok at first , after ceausescu came to power it was all downhill . 
  he borrowed more than 13 billion dollars from the western countries which led to a debt crisis that almost bankrupted romania . 
  to try to fix this , he started to export almost everything that the country produced , leaving very little for the people . 
  this , inevitably led many shortages . 
  food rations , electricity rations , gas rations and many other rations were introduced . 
  black-outs were very common because we did n't have enough electricity as we were selling most of what we produced . 
  life was tough . 
  people were missing lots of essentials . 
  there was very little food , you could n't buy soap ( you had to make it yourself from animal fat ) , you could n't buy shampoo ( people would use the home-made soap or vinegar ) and lots of other things that were available very rarely . 
  the only place where you could find more stuff was bucharest and some of the other major cities . 
  by 1989 , romania became a poor , corrupt and shit country . 
  in 1989 the revolution came ( which i think was the most bloody revolution out of all the communist countries ) . 
  after the revolution , they started to privatize state assets and being so corrupt , you can imagine what happened . 
  the state lost everything with very few gains . 
  again , romania was one of the hardest hit countries after privatization . 
  our economy dropped to a record-low . 
  since then , we are trying to get back on our feet and we kinda achieved that before 2008 . 
  we had huge economic growth from 2000ish to 2008 ( i 'm talking 7-8 % ) . 
  in 2008 things were good and people had enough money . 
  we were set to surpass italy by 2020 . 
  then , in 2009 the economic crisis came and we were hit with a brick . 
  in 2010 we were at 2005 economic levels , but with a much higher unemployment rate . 
  our economy stagnated until late 2012 and now things are starting to get better once again with a 3.5 % economic growth in 2013 and a similar one expected this year . 
  so yes , it can be changed and it is changing , even though it will take some time . 
  corruption is also going down extremely fast . 
  there is already a lot of progress . 
  you ca n't even compare 90s ' romania with the romania of today . 
  it 's totally different and much , much better . 
  i 'd say this applies to bulgaria as well . 
   and we were `` civilized '' by turks and tartars i disagree with that statement . 
  first of all , how do you define `` civilized '' ? 
  after dacia fell to the romans , they imposed their culture and traditions and the people and even though the locals rejected it in the beginning , but after a while , dacians adopted the `` superior '' roman culture and were very proud of it . 
  so in that sense , we were already civilized . 
  not to mention that the dacians before that were very influenced by the greeks and some historians might argue that they were already quite civilized . 
  it 's not like they lived in caves . 
  they had towns and fortresses . 
  secondly , in transylvania 's case , it was the germans who further `` civilized '' our culture . 
  we did n't have much turkish influence . 
  in wallachia 's case , it was the byzantine empire who influenced it 's culture to become what it is today , even though , it has to be said , the turks played a big part in forming the wallachian identity later . 
  the only region i can think of in which the turkish really left a mark is dobrogea . 
  in moldavia 's case , it was the polish who influenced their culture most and first . 
  they were influenced by the ottoman empire a bit as well and the russian empire later . 
  so yes , the turkish played a big part , but they were not the biggest influence for us . 
  do n't forget that they were muslim , so romanians did n't adopt many traditions or culture from them as we did n't like them at all at the time . 
  oh , and the tartars ... well , the tartars left no mark whatsoever on our culture as they were much more uncivilized than us and were considered barbarians . 
   when people in ce were building cathedrals and universities people in romania were living in underground hovels or hiding in the mountains . 
  romania is among the countries with the highest castle density . 
  also , we do not lack medieval churches and cathedrals . 
  universities came much later - in the 1800s , to be exact , but still , that 's not that late . 
  actually , yeah . 
  that 's probably right . 
  seeing that romania already buys quite small amounts of gas from russia , does this mean that we 'll stop buying altogether and rely only on greece ? 
  yeah i know , but i did n't know how to say it . 
  different sized tankards might have been better . 
  yes . 
  i do n't know how to translate them in english , but we have names for different sized pints . 
  you can usually buy 250 , 400 and 500ml pints . 
  the 400 ml one is the most common i 'd say . 
  you can find that size everywhere . 
  however , there are some pubs and bars which sell 1 l or 2 l tankards and let me tell you , it 's fucking hard to drink out of those . 
  your hand gets very tired . 
  there are a few places which sell 4 or 5 liters buckets , but you do n't drink directly out of them , they have taps and you fill your glass there . 
  it 's also much cheaper to buy a bucked than to buy 10 separate beers . 
  well , i 've read about gypsies selling their kids to foreign pedophiles for tons of money , but those are very extreme cases . 
  sending their kids to beg or to steal at very young ages happens more often . 
  there have been some cases where the parents mutilate the children when they are babies ( usually burns ) so that they would make more money by begging because people would feel sorry for them . 
  the reason that they use their own kids is because the police can not convict minors . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lygemtajiq8 ) is a bbc documentary made in spain . 
  that being said , it 's important to note that not every gypsy does this . 
  they are humans as well and 99 % love their kids enough to not use them in that way . 
  sadly , the 1 % ( probably more than 1 % , but i ca n't just come up with a random big figure as i feel it would be inappropriate ) of them are a reality which needs to stop . 
  edit : the event described in that comment seems fake though . 
  who would stand idle while some women rummage though his pockets ? 
  the anti-corruption agency is very effective lately . 
  this trend has been going strong for almost 2 years now . 
  it was about time that it happened . 
  i 'm interested if the corruption index in romania has been affected and if so , by how much ? 
  does anybody know where i can find a trustworthy list of countries by corruption index with recent data ? 
  yes , we are very lucky that no wars took place on this continent . 
  ever since antiquity , europeans got along nicely with each other . 
  i mean , can you imagine the way the continent would have looked if we had constant wars in the past 2000 years ? 
   you develop obesity as a result of something . 
  yeah , usually that something is called `` eating like a pig '' . 
  at one point i was quite fat as well , but i never said to myself `` jesus , i 'm getting fatter and fatter and i do n't know why . 
  this must be caused by some sort of condition . '', 
  nooo !, 
  i was very aware that it was because i was eating like an animal . 
  if i would n't have stopped , i would definitely be obese by now . 
  fortunately , i did and i now have a normal , healthy weight . 
  they 're a member mostly because they were fearing the soviets . 
  the americans were very eager to integrate them in nato , regardless of the difference in ideologies between turkey and the rest of the members . 
  think of it as a `` friends with benefits '' sort of situation . 
  it 's not a real `` relationship '' . 
  turkey needed allies and given it 's geostrategic importance , nato was naturally interested . 
  not to mention that erdogan 's policies go hand-in-hand with putin 's policies , so i 'd say it 's quite likely if russia tries hard enough . 
   yeah they 've been successful in the past . 
  what / u/nemanyami said . 
  yes , we have .
