  they tried to silence him for the sake of diplomacy and deescalation . 
  do n't get me wrong , i certainly do not want war , but i doubt that russia would give back crimea to ukraine and stop inciting and helping rebels if we just keep sending letters of complaint to moscow . 
  haha . 
  life was very different across the pond in eastern europe the '90s , mate . 
  :d both of my parents have graduated from higher education institutions ( my father actually has 2 degrees - construction engineering and law ) . 
  even so , we were living on what would be today 70 euros per month , which were my mother 's salary . 
  they simply could not find work . 
  fortunately , we at least had a house that my father inherited from his grandmother and we did n't have to worry about rent . 
  trouble is , we could n't afford heating in the winter , so we lived in just 1 room with blankets on the door frame so that the cold would not get in . 
  nowadays , my family is doing much better . 
  my father found a decent job around '97 as an engineer . 
  he started from there and in 2003 , he was able to start his own small construction company in our home town . 
  all in all , in a lot of ways , it was very beneficial for me to see both sides of society . 
  :d edit : also , there are still , even today , a lot of places in which people can not afford to eat at mcdonald 's ( see africa or southeast asia ) . 
  bulgarians also have 1gbps internet ? 
  fuck yeah bulgaria !, 
  the nice thing about the internet in romania is that it 's very cheap . 
  i pay around 13 euros for 1gbps . 
  however , it 's quite an overkill at the moment . 
  even the 500 megs i have at my parent 's house are overkill . 
  100mbps is more than enough at the moment . 
  not to mention that 1gbps routers are fucking expensive . 
  i rented mine . 
  much better deal . 
  i know you were not attacking me . 
  you were trying to educate me and i just explained my comment better . 
  i know . 
  i was n't being cynical about it . 
  it was a legitimate question . 
  actually , i was trying to find out if he is an atheist . 
  mcdonald 's reminds me of the '90s here , in romania . 
  it was a period in which international companies started to come here and they brought a little bit of color and joy with them in our cities . 
  this was also around the time when my family was way too poor to afford eating at mcdonald 's . 
  hell , we could barely afford the heating in 1 room of our house . 
  in consequence , on the rare occasions on which my parents took me to mcdonald 's , i was overwhelmed with joy . 
  there were toys and color and happy meals and very tasty food . 
  so even though i do n't eat at mcdonald 's too often nowadays , it has a special place in my heart . 
  it symbolizes the end of a long and grey period in our history . 
  are you not a muslim ? 
  fuck that . 
   45 romania 23,48 -2 ( 42 ; 23,05 )  64 hungary 26,73 -7 ( 56 ; 26,09 ) this is what matters for romanians . 
  great video !, 
   ) so sweden is getting 1gbps internet ? 
  nice to hear . 
  i have another question . 
  can you share your queen with us as well ? 
  we will give you basescu to do what you want with him/it . 
  i think it 's pretty clear how gypsies are generally viewed . 
  yep . 
  and he just created the account , so i suspect he is a subscriber here on / r/europe that wants to be anonymous in this post . 
  i have a question regarding scotland 's independence . 
  will scotland keep the queen as the head of the state , or are they going to be a republic and have presidential elections ? 
   and we got quite a few gypsies already , they camp out in the woods around oslo ... pffft !, 
  shush !, 
  you know nothing . 
  those are the tamed ones . 
  i 've been to england , mate . 
  and of course , you ca n't generalize , but on average , people are quite arrogant and quite snobbish and they usually see themselves as superior to other europeans ( especially to eastern europeans ) . 
  this becomes even more obvious when watching british tv . 
  i loved england and i love english people but this is a trait shared by lots of you guys . 
  i think i have the solution . 
  contact the romanian government . 
  if the price is right , we 'll send 15 of our top gypsies to norway and their hdi will plummet . 
  in no time , norwegians will start emigrating to somalia just to get out of norway . 
  well , to be honest , i do n't think they sat on their hands doing nothing and made a lot of money . 
  lucky and hard working are not synonyms , you know . 
   arrogant and snobbish . 
  oh , so they very much resemble english people ? 
  lol . 
  of course it 's not perfect , that 's why i said `` on average '' . 
  of course their society has some problems , but there are less of them than in most other societies ( not counting the heavens that are the rich microstates ) . 
  and when talking about society , weather is irrelevant . 
  i was talking about their values , the way they act , the way they think and the way they behave . 
  come on !, 
  like it 's not clear already . 
  on average , they clearly have a superior society . 
  not just superior to european societies , but superior to all societies in the world . 
  most people are jealous of this , but at the same time , they acknowledge and admire it . 
  do n't be ignorant . 
  moldova is getting this kind of treatment in order to speed up their integration process . 
  given their geopolitical placement , moldova is in great danger . 
  the russians have already started to bully them by embargoing lots of their exports and inciting their russian and their russophile populations . 
  well , i do n't speak serbian , so i do n't even know why i made a request for a link in the first place . 
  it 's not like i can understand anything . 
  xd anyway , form what i can gather , it sounds to me like this accent is a bit closer to the `` west slavic '' accents than to the eastern ones . 
  better still - do what you want with the tv presenter , but leave the birds alone . 
  i would welcome them in the eu , even though it 's not likely to happen anytime soon considering that they still have some democratic issues and seem to regress even further lately . 
  if they ever join , it would be the most important enlargement since 2004 and maybe even surpassing it in importance . 
  the social democrats ( s&d ) are the favorites here in romania by quite a large margin . 
  although i 'm not sure , but i would say that the national liberals ( alde ) are in second place . 
  edit : yep , it seems that i 'm right . 
  i just looked at pollwatch2014.eu and they confirm what i just said . 
  yes , it 's made up . 
  that is a satire site . 
   why would anyone only count conscripts in training ? 
  because conscripts in training are the active personnel . 
  at any rate , i did not say that estonia does not contribute a lot . 
  in fact , quite the opposite . 
  i said that estonia is the only one that spends 2 % of their gdp on their armed forces . 
  if those 3200 are well trained and have proper equipment , ( which they do , considering the military spending ) they can carry out very hard military operations that other , much bigger and less equipped armies , have no hope of succeeding .
