  honestly , i trust the canadians more than i trust the chinese as i seem to recall reading something among the lines of chinese reactors being among the most unstable in the world . 
  i keep hearing about this . 
  is it serious ? 
  how did they obtain the information ? 
  who did ? 
  the emigration rate slowed down significantly recently . 
  also , many people actually came back from spain and italy . 
  i was talking about the last 2 years , not the last 7 . 
  7,9 % growth in industry for the first quarter of 2014 with similar growths ( 10,4 % if i remember correctly ) in the second quarter of 2014 and in the last quarter of 2013 . 
  edit 2 : in regards to your link - it shows the industrial production as a percentage of the gdp . 
  for example , romania 's nominal gdp in 2000 was 37 billion , in 2014 it 's 190 billion . 
  even if the percentage remained the same , that would mean a 500 % increase in industry since 2000 . 
  not that the `` public data '' on google is very accurate anyway . 
  indeed !, 
  each and every one of the five !, 
  i mean ... can you believe it ?!, 
  :o omg !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8ukbgjx2tw ), 
  as far as i know , we will . 
  in 2018 they 'll open a new extraction terminal in the black sea . 
  it would seem that that will guarantee moldova 's energy independence as well . 
  the only problem is that he is not factually right . 
  industrial production grew like crazy lately ( admittedly , after it fell like crazy in 2009 ) . 
  energy independence is due to the fact that there was also a big increase in renewable energy sources and hydro power . 
  also , local production of gas grew as well . 
  romania is , in fact , an energy exporter at the moment . 
  i posted it yesterday . 
  :d really great documentary , though . 
  man ... 
  i 've seen you around here often and 99 % of your comments are fucking dumb . 
  in the last 2 years , romania 's industry grew significantly . 
  the reason why we are now independent is because the local production grew by a lot and also because we are n't using as much gas for electricity production . 
  there have been huge investments in green energy sources . 
  that 's why romania is among the countries with the highest percentage of green energy production in europe . 
  per capita though , the dutch are killing it . 
  as a matter of fact , i do !, 
  next month i 'm going on a vacation abroad . 
  my trip is gon na be within the borders of the eu . 
  that being said , i think i wan na drive there so i 'm a bit reluctant to go to say ... portugal as it will take me a long ass time . 
  after debating with myself a little , i came up with two options ( not necessarily definitive ) - austria or the czech republic . 
  i 'm a bit of a history buff and i know you guys have lots of castles so that 's why i wan na go there . 
  however , visiting and sightseeing is cool and all , but i 'm also quite young and i 'd like some good nightlife . 
  how 's the situation over there ? 
  what things are a `` must see '' ? 
  and where should i go ( what towns/cities ) ? 
  also , will it be easy to get around using english ? 
  i 've heard that before as well and to be fare , it would actually be true for most europeans , not just for central/eastern ones . 
  from my perspective , they seem to live in a comfy bubble of ignorance and they are happier because of it . 
  i kinda liked him . 
  i liked him much more than i like poroshenko , that 's for sure . 
   however , in relation to other skilled professionals and entrepreneurs generally , which in the medium term your society and economy will need just as much as it needs doctors , i do think emigration will start to be a problem . 
  actually , at the moment , not really . 
  there is no shortage of skilled workers . 
  we are pumping out lots of engineers , it specialists , etc. 
  at the same rate ( or close , in any case ) that other european countries are . 
  however , our economy is not developed enough to need all of them and there is actually a surplus in many cases . 
  it 's a classic example of one problem solving the other . 
  doctors are a little more special because people are getting ill at the same rate regardless of economic levels . 
  so the exodus for them began much earlier . 
  but who knows . . ? 
  you might be right . 
  it all depends on the next 10-15 years . 
  if the gap between our economies closes , than most likely we wo n't have any problems . 
  if development continues in both western europe and romania but the gap remains the same , it would get quite ugly for us . 
  fortunately , less developed economies tend to grow faster than developed ones , so i 'm optimist . 
  :d and yes , i do agree with you that there should be some basic restrictions regarding emigration within the union . 
  at least until we even out a little . 
  unfortunately , that would be extremely hard to implement without restricting free movement . 
  and i like my free movement . 
  i 'm visiting austria or the czech republic ( have n't decided yet ) next month . 
   however much money your pour it is invitably going to be less money than brits pour into the nhs or other western eu nations pay doctors . 
  you are definitely right . 
  however , we do n't need to match western salaries in order to keep most of our doctors in the country , we only need to close the gap a little . 
  that 's a low salary even for an average romanian . 
  and we are talking about doctors here ( granted - beginners , but nonetheless doctors ) . 
  i have quite a few friends that study medicine or that recently graduated . 
  most of them think about emigrating , but really dislike the idea . 
  they would definitely remain in romania if the salaries increased just a bit . 
  none of them are asking for british level salaries in order to stay . 
  healthcare is in deep shit at the moment . 
  we are facing our greatest doctor crises in modern history . 
  pouring money on this `` ineffective industry '' is a must ( something we should have done 7 years ago ) . 
  your comment reminded me of [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/210l5n/putin_it_is_just_a_matter_of_time_for_you_now/ ) . 
  to this day one of the funniest posts on r/europe . 
   called on europeans to club together to buy hamas , the palestinian militant islamist organization , `` better weapons '' . 
  who is this fucking idiot ? 
  supplying hamas with weapons surely is n't the answer . 
  things would just get much worse . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am of the opinion that israel is committing crimes against humanity at the moment and someone needs to stop them instead of making excuses for them . 
  however , fueling the war further is the dumbest fucking idea !, 
  `` top italian philosopher '' my ass . 
  he is a fucking racist shithead . 
  damn !, 
  i 'm so mad !, 
  hahaha !, 
  this is classic . 
  the israeli government is a piece of shit . 
  however , this is so stupid , mate . 
  i mean , yeah , israel is doing terrible things , but what wrong have the jews in paris or berlin done ? 
  it is completely bonkers to smash someone 's shop because someone else , 3000 km away did something wrong .
