  they went to war divided . 
  however , they returned united . 
  while it 's true that it created a big divide between the north and the south , it still was the factor that created a stronger national identity for americans . 
   as history teaches us , humanity already had quite few multinational empires . 
  all of them ended in wars , from roman empire to yugoslavia . 
  empires and confederations are very different . 
  an empire is forged trough violence and war . 
  people will hold grudges for centuries . 
  however , multicultural national entities are something different . 
  look at the us . 
  right now it has about 60 million ( do n't quote me on that ) first generation migrants . 
  the other 240 million are also migrants from different cultural backgrounds . 
  did it fall ? 
  nope . 
  is it about to fall ? 
  not even close . 
  india is another such example . 
  no migration to speak of , but very ethnically and linguistically diverse . 
   i read this and i did n't want to keep on reading for stating such a thing and speaking for others when giving a personal opinion . 
  i was afraid that paragraph would prove troublesome , but i decided to keep it in regardless . 
  i exaggerated when i said nobody , but however you look at it , very few people identify as european first . 
  anyways , my apologies . 
   i read this and i did n't want to keep on reading for stating such a thing and speaking for others when giving a personal opinion . 
  interesting point . 
  yes , students have always been a good catalyst for ideology in europe . 
  however , migration happens mostly from the poor countries towards the rich ones and rarely the other way around . 
  i still do n't understand ... why does she presume that i watched them ? 
  xd anyways , thanks for the answer . 
  til, 
  thanks . 
  i think i 'm getting old . 
  not in tune with internet slang anymore , apparently . 
  could you rephrase your comment , please ? 
  bhahahahha  teenage space vampires . 
  * looks over again *  the best movie that 's it . 
  i 'm done ... 
  you 're definitely right , of course . 
  that 's why i 'm always trying to make people see that there has been actual improvement and tons of it , in fact . 
  even so , the ranking is still crazy . 
  you can not compare the countries which i 've listed in my comment with romania , yet they are above us . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ce0u2zbsty0 perfect use for this . 
  cool index . 
  too bad it 's based on perception . 
  different people have different views on what it 's considered corrupt , so this ranking has no real value . 
  i will refer to romania here because it 's a good example and i also know the situation well . 
  countries like rwanda , buthan , ghana , costa rica , cuba etc. 
  can not possibly be ( realistically ) in front of romania . 
  even greece is unlikely to be in the same spot as romania . 
  lots of people have told me that nowadays in greece you will never even get a receipt if you buy something . 
  in romania , that would be unthinkable in this age . 
  i do n't want this to seem like another circlejerk , but there truly has been a fuckton of improvement . 
  in the 90 's everybody was corrupt . 
  from the president to small shop vendors , everybody was engaging in corruption . 
  and as it is with eastern europeans in general , people refuse to acknowledge any sort of improvement . 
  they will continue saying that everything is shit . 
  everything is still the same and that nothing has improved . 
  and they will not only say it , they will also believe it because they are too ignorant and too take a step back and look at the overall picture . 
  so of course the perception of corruption will be higher than in cuba even though you ca n't even compare the two countries . 
  well , the girls were hot . 
  you might think that 's the case , but it 's the opposite . 
  you have no idea of the extent of communist propaganda and how badly it damaged people 's views on reality . 
   but absolutely not nationalism . 
  irredentism is a nationalistic belief though . 
  ^ ^ if you 're anal , i can be anal as well . 
  xd however , yes , you 're right i guess . 
  i would n't even call this a first world problem . 
  xd almost perfect world problem ? 
  nordic world problem ? 
   but that patriotism rarely makes a visible appearance due to nobody attacking denmark in debate . 
  must be quite boring to be a nationalist in denmark . 
  `` uhm . . yea . . everybody loves our country . 
  carry on ... '', 
  i would say that 's nationalism . 
  patriotism is a bit different . 
  if you 're into this sort of stuff , you should really give paradox games a try . 
  they are indeed damn complicated ( getting more simplified with each installment though ) but trust me on this one - they are definitely worth it . 
  when i first discovered europa universalis , it looked really interesting to me , but did n't play for a while cause i did n't understand wtf was going on . 
  after i took a bit of time to do the tutorial and learn the game , it instantly became one of the best games i 've ever played . 
  afterwards i got into victoria ii ( modern period ) and later into hearts of iron iii ( wwii ) . 
  i still have to try out march of the eagles ( napoleonic wars ) . 
  would be quite awesome , now that i think about it . 
  also , how ze fak did you get a pm like that ? 
  definitely not your standard politician . 
  gothic architecture overload . 
  xd but damn . 
  it 's gorgeous . 
  i love all of these videos people posted and i feel compelled to reply to every comment to let them know how awesome their town is . 
  xd too bad life is too short , too complicated and it costs too much money to visit all these . 
  love going there ? 
  was n't this post supposed to be about the cities we live in ? 
  xd anyway , brasov op . 
  eyyyy . 
  we also have something similar . 
  ] ( http://www.radiocraiova.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/alba.jpg ) aerial view from inside [ alba carolina fortress . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgy0fnvdjcc ), 
  damn . 
  feels like i 'm looking at footage from a video game . 
  xd gg , portugal , you pretteh . 
  [ cluj-napoca ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tstaqkvoffg ) - the european youth capital of 2015 . 
  i would n't say it 's a beautiful city ( not too bad either ) , but it 's very vibrant .
