  economists seem to predict that the difference between us will be greater and greater . 
  the only real solution is reunification and then heavy investments from our part . 
  it would be very costly for romania in the beginning , but studies show that in the long run , romania would be much better off with moldova at it 's side ( from an economical standpoint , not to mention other benefits ) . 
  yes . 
  the ones that are opposed the most are old people from the working class ( and russians , ofc ) . 
  they would much rather have ties to russia than to romania . 
  they remember the `` glory days '' of the soviet union . 
  but fortunately , quite a lot of young people seem to be of a different opinion . 
  not to mention that lots of studies have been made and it seems that not only moldova would profit , but romania would do so in the long run as well . 
  so in romania it 's mostly a positive response . 
  i am all for reunification even though it would probably kill romania 's economy in the first 2 or 3 years . 
  i am prepared to live in poverty as long as it takes if that means making sure that our brothers are safe and have enough money to sustain themselves . 
  i know . 
  that was the point . 
  i was being `` funny '' . 
  why did this comment section become an american bashing competition ? 
  jackasses who know how to pander to an audience . 
  they make is sound like the eu is literally hitler . 
  quite a lot of bullshit . 
  i 've changed my mind . 
  i 'd like britain to vote for the bnp rather than ukip . 
  well , i 'd rather have king michael as the head of the state myself , but that will never happen because of our politicians and their allergy to common sense . 
  so the queen of britain should suffice . 
  i do n't know the truth . 
  so you might be right , of course . 
  jokes aside , that game it 's definitely in my top 10 of all time . 
  this is sad . 
  i agree that immigration is serious business , but these guys seem to be just clowns . 
  well , it 's a 900 megs difference , so it 's not really nothing . 
  however , you are right . 
  as i also said in my previous comments , 1gbps is a bit too much at this time . 
  you also need a very good pc to fully utilize that kind of connection . 
  100/100 meaning 100mbps ? 
  hahahahaha !, 
  poor host . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think they are not . 
  azerbaijan seems to be better buddies with nato than with russia . 
  from nato :  azerbaijan is one of the most active partners of the alliance . 
  it is interested to strengthen its political dialogue and practical cooperation with nato , including trough the implementation of the individual partnership action plan ( ipap ) . 
  they are seeking to join nato from what i can gather . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enlargement_of_nato ), 
  i get that mate , but would n't it be more humane if they would just turn them back instead of harassing and beating them ? 
  the problems are not the newer members ( central and eastern europe ) , the problems are the southern european countries ( greece , italy , spain , portugal and more recently - slovenia ) . 
  romania 's gdp is set to grow by a maximum of 4.4 % and a minimum of 2.5 % this year . 
  and it had a growth of 3.5 % last year . 
  the baltics are doing great as well , poland and slovakia - great . 
  hungary and the czech republic seem a bit stagnant , but i 'm sure they 'll also experience growth . 
  and i 'm not sure about croatia and bulgaria . 
  i 'm not blaming bulgarians , i 'm blaming their authorities . 
  not saying that the romanian authorities are better . 
  they might have done the same thing , i do n't know . 
  however , this is terribly wrong and it should stop . 
  i 'm all for tighter emigration policies . 
  even so , these are fucking war refugees !, 
  they barely managed to escape hell just to encounter another one ? 
  fuck that . 
  well , azerbaijan should thank russia because now , they are pretty much set to become filthy rich after they start selling their resources in europe . 
  ca n't say i 'm not glad . 
  good on them . 
  ah , that sucks . 
  it 's never good to be at the mercy of germans . 
  even though this romanian company pretty much has market monopoly nowadays , they are not jackasses . 
  they introduced free cloud storage recently and they are starting to corner the mobile market with kickass deals . 
  i think it was this month that they introduced a new mobile subscription deal - everything unlimited ( texts , high speed internet , calling time etc. ), 
  for 10 euros per month and if you already have another subscription at their company ( internet or tv ) , then it will cost you only 5 euros per month . 
  trouble is , they do n't have great coverage for mobile yet until june ( you do n't have internet everywhere yet ) . 
  they are really great and they are not dicks . 
  not to mention that they have great customer service and tech support . 
  now that i praised them to high heavens , they are probably going to fuck up in the following weeks . 
  some day . 
   not to spoil the hype but many dns servers and sites are not as fast enough to deliver and fully exploit a 1 gbps connection . 
  your alter ego seems to think otherwise . 
  starting with the kingdom of yugoslavia and the kingdom of romania and ending with the communist republics versions of these two countries , we had excellent relations and common projects with them throughout our history . 
  because of this , most romanians see ex-yugoslavs as our friends . 
  we also miss very much yugoslavia - our loved cousin . 
  :( now we are forced to do mega-projects in collaboration with bulgaria - or worst still , with hungary . 
  :| ps : for hungarians and bulgarians - do n't take it seriously , i 'm only joking . 
  haha !, 
  yeah , i think you are eligible for seeking your fortune in our mighty , wealthy and overall glorious country . 
  there are quite a lot of professional internet users here already . 
  that 's why the economy is doing so well . 
  haha . 
  yeah , that was pretty much the atmosphere . 
  yeah , it 's not worth it . 
  it might be if taken seriously , but it 's a joke . 
  i do n't actually mean it , you know ? 
  that 's fucking expensive !, 
  it 's not the government that is investing in these new technologies , it 's the private companies . 
  there are 2 or 3 major internet providers and the competition was fierce - so internet speeds grew rapidly and became cheaper and cheaper . 
  each time one of them came out with a good deal , another one came out with an even better one . 
  thing is , even though you might think that they run at a loss consuming so much broadband for such small prices , it 's actually not true at all . 
  the company which more or less ran away with the victory ( market domination ) is now in the top 10 companies by revenues in romania . 
  do n't catch up !, 
  internet speed is the only infrastructure metric in which we are placed 3rd in the world and most importantly , first in europe . 
  do n't take that away from us , please . 
  :( keep your fancy german roads and leave my romanian internet alone !, 
  no free debate about ukraine ? 
  ukraine is actually debated constantly , from what i can see here , in romania . 
  our president certainly has n't shunned away from bashing putin and moscow . 
  of course that i do not agree with silencing gerhard schr\u00f6der , but in any case , even if it was proposed , this has n't happened .
