  it 's an university town , so there is a huge amount of young people making the city feel very alive . 
  lots of concerts , events and all sorts of stuff happening all the time . 
  i moved here a few years ago from targu mures . 
  best decision ever . 
  i 'm guessing this is adjusted for inflation ? 
  source it . 
   simplest way to end an argument is with hard facts . 
  i really feel for ukraine because i realize how complicated the situation is and how much it will take to sort this mess out if you take everything into consideration . 
  unfortunately ukraine will leap behind even eastern europe for decades to come from now on and that is a real darn shame . 
  i am aware of that . 
  't was but a joke . 
  i was about to say myself ... 
  this map is a bit on the optimistic side . 
  i bet that this gal could probably become president if she wanted to . 
  everybody in romania loves her , or at least does n't mind her . 
  i like her as well . 
  she never disappointed me so far . 
  she entered a medium which was dirty as fuck and she started cleaning it up without getting herself dirty in the process . 
  you go , girl !, 
  i only wish she was better looking , though . 
  you 're boasting about the minimum wage of your country to a guy that is from a country where minimum wage has one more `` 1 '' before that 400 something . 
  i personally find it impressive . 
  doubt he does , though . 
  usually , when there is good news about romania and guys like you that come and write something negative that is n't related to the subject just to hate on their country , i get annoyed . 
  now though , i kinda cringed seeing this . 
  this is definitely circlejerking material . 
  i would have preferred if you would have stopped after '' / r/rocirclejerk '' , but still , have an upvote . 
  i like your humor , sir . 
  thank you for the entertainment . 
  c-can ... can we haz it ? 
  xd got ta love david mitchel . 
  i 'd love for romania to be in the oecd just cause there are so many interesting statistics regarding that group . 
  yes , that is also true . 
  it 's not just `` something '' . 
  loosing market share is shitty for every business . 
  it 's only logical that they 're trying to prevent that by any means necessary . 
  right ? 
  whether we like it or not , they are here and their fertility rate is insanely high . 
  we have two options . 
  marginalize these people and end up with a much bigger problem in the future , or bite our tongues , swallow our pride and try to integrate them whatever the costs may be . 
  i can understand that some of the western/northern european might feel that this is unjust . 
  why spend so much money and effort to integrate some minority from the east ? 
  it 's simply not your business . 
  romania , bulgaria , hungary , slovakia etc should do that . 
  but then again ... why would they ? 
  gypsies came here from india . 
  now they simply went more towards the west . 
  they are not leaving , that is for sure . 
  moreover , the eastern eu countries also lack the funds and the capability of undertaking such a massive task on their own . 
  corruption is indeed a valid concern . 
  however , i somehow get the feeling that this is not about corruption ... 
   could you please keep your beggars and gypsies to yourself . 
  you 're talking as though you 're under the impression that gypsies are like pets to us . 
  they are european citizens . 
  they have , like every other european citizens , the right to travel freely within the eu . 
  we can not just `` keep them for ourselves '' . 
  romania was 100 % ready for schengen for quite some time now . 
  we met all the criteria . 
  this is a bit like the thing with turkey and getting into the eu . 
  yea ... 
  i dunno about this . 
  the numbers are all fucked up . 
  you are kinda gullible , it seems . 
  uhm . . no . 
  :d germany 's nominal gdp did n't shrink by 13 percent in 2015 . 
  if that were the case , trust me , the entire continent would have felt it . 
  that site is just bullshit , mate ;d, 
  [ thank you so much !, 
  ; _  ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--7ofbwzq5--/1384268911536440748.jpg ), 
  that 's stupid . 
   nobody ever claims that gdp shows the full picture of a country 's economy . 
  it 's a simple metric . 
  in economy , we have tons of other metrics that we need to use in order to get the full picture . 
  gdp is just one of them and it is indeed very important . 
  poland also has a much bigger population than norway . 
  this map did n't claim to show which citizens are richer . 
  if that 's what you think , it means that you do n't know anything about economy ; in which case , why do you insist on posting comments ? 
  whatever he said is probably not as bad for you as it was for him when you called him a lil swede . 
  i have tears in my eyes . 
  ah , i think you 're right . 
  he googled `` romanians '' not romania 's population . 
  props to you , sir . 
  http://www.recensamantromania.ro/rezultate-2/ official result is 20 mil . 
  16 is too far-fetched . 
  yea , no . 
  i got it . 
  just wanted to throw around some numbers . 
  :d edit : and yea , the joke was indeed funny . 
  i know the trend with `` half of the population '' from / r/mapporn . 
  i am pretty sure that 's fucked up . 
  everywhere else you look , you get 20 million . 
  also , i remember when they talked about the census on tv , they were talking about 20 million as well . 
  it 's the first time i heard of 16 mil . 
   romania 16,792,868 ( 2011 census ) 19,503,260 ( as of 2015 ) where did you get those numbers ? 
  o.o 20\u00a0121\u00a0641 - this is the official number after the 2011 census . 
  romania 's population is about 20 million . 
  bucharest-ilfov has about 2 mil people and romanians in spain and italy number almost 2 mil as well . 
  4 million is n't exactly half of 20 , is it ? 
  or just blue nips . 
  do n't judge ...
