  we had protests in romania as well , but they were conducted in front of israel 's embassy . 
  yes , i agree , europe seems to be a little more objective when it comes to the israeli-palestinian conflict . 
  america on the other hand ... jeez . 
  look , i agree , hamas sucks . 
  however , i will say this - few countries would have gotten away if they were in israel 's shoes . 
  [ the young turks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-uwmxbkoxs&amp;list=uu1ybkrugpc1tsm73a0zjyjq&amp;index=4 ) made some comments with which i totally agree . 
  maybe one of them got torn down since then . 
  i never heard that shithead speak english until now . 
  he has such a thick russian accent . 
  economically speaking , ukraine is in deep shit . 
  it 's true that taking the western path might be much better in the long-term , but short to medium-term they are fucked even if this conflict de-escalates . 
  ukraine and russia 's economies are simply too intertwined to be ripped apart so suddenly . 
  russia 's economy will suffer as well , but we are talking about a 170 billion economy versus a 2 trillion one . 
  5 billion $ wo n't have the same impact on the later as it will have on the former . 
   ukraine already posted nearly a 15 % drop in gdp for first quarter of 2014 would you be so kind to provide a link ? 
  i 'm quite interested . 
  personally , i do n't like bucharest very much and i expect sofia to be similar . 
  i know next to nothing abut istanbul , so no comments there . 
  however , budapest is a must - it 's a gorgeous city . 
  also , you said you like nature and history , so you should dedicate a big chunk of your trip to visiting transylvania . 
  the carpathian mountains are quite spectacular and we also have some kick-ass castles and fortresses . 
  the danube delta is another cool place for nature-lovers . 
  it has the biggest variety of plants and animals in europe , i believe . 
  poor thing ... that [ stare ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thousand-yard_stare ) at the very end of the video ... it cut right trough me . 
  does anybody know . . ? 
  is there any way to donate some money for the people of sloviansk ? 
  i know the daily mail is shit , so you might be right , i do n't know . 
  however , i was just trying to make a point that romania is no mexico , quite the opposite , it is one of the safest countries in the world . 
   anyway , it 's safe to assume someone called ukipper has a pretty clear agenda and can be safely ignored . 
  again , you are right . 
  unfortunately , i have n't noticed his name . 
  you are joking , right ? 
  high crime rate and criminal gangs ? 
  in fucking romania ? 
  sure , there are a few hard-ass moneylenders , but romania ai n't no bronx . 
  there are no gangs here . 
  there are more violent crimes in britain than in any other eu country . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1196941/the-violent-country-europe-britain-worse-south-africa-u-s.html ) romania is safer because the crime rate is lower than in the uk . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/crime/rankings_by_country.jsp ) the only index in which romania ranked lower than britain is the homicide rate . 
  that 's because of moldovan villagers who kill each other while drunk because they remembered some old dispute that they have . 
  the uk has a rate of 1 homicide per 100.000 people per year and romania has a rate of 1.7 ( similar to canada ) . 
  still , this rate is among the lowest in the world . 
  let me give you some examples of other countries : lithuania - 6.7 , usa - 4.8 , russia - 9.2 , south africa - 31 , venezuela - 53.7 . 
   likely gas price increases , and more import restrictions , moldova could definitely be in for a painful few years . 
  not necessarily . 
  moldova will actually get a much better deal as romania will start selling gas to moldova this summer at a bargain price ( they also say the rate will increase and moldova will be energetically independent from russia in a matter of years ) . 
  also , let 's not forget that the european market is much larger than the russian one and moldova will now have easy access to it . 
  sure , it will not be a smooth ride as russia is their biggest trading partner at the moment , but let 's be optimistic . 
  i 'm sorry for my pedantry , but that map is not right at all . 
  the median wage in romania is n't 176 euros , it 's about 500 ( after taxes ) . 
  it ca n't even be 176 because the minimum wage is 900 lei ( 205 eur ) . 
  full ranking [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.goodcountry.org/overall ), 
  i agree with you that euromaidanpress.com is a propaganda site . 
  however , you are the one acting like a dick mate , not the other guy . 
  the problem is that people generalize too much . 
  we 've all seen the ignorant '' ` murica '' type of american or the royal british twats like the guy you are arguing with . 
  unfortunately , people like this stand out the most and we tend to generalize and associate that type of behavior with entire nations . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i am still missing the joke however . 
  yeah , i remember vicky . 
   what is it ? 
  please tell me , i 'm white ( jk ) . 
  i 'm quite certain he is joking . 
  edit : it seems he is n't joking . 
   actually per kilometer , romanian motorways seem to be more dangerous . 
  i was n't implying they were safer . 
  i was just saying that i do n't really know if the speed limit affects safety or not . 
  also , the reason why romania is doing so well in the statistics per inhabitant is not because normal roads are classified as motorways but because we have so few kilometers of motorway . 
  i 've known about stephen merchant and i like him quite a lot . 
  however , until this moment i have n't noticed his strong pronunciation of `` r '' . 
  wow !, 
  haha !, 
  i nailed it . 
  :d also , this is quite interesting . 
  thank you . 
   first , according to many linguists , the romanian language ( in the wider sense ) is already divided into four dialects : daco-romanian , aromanian , megleno-romanian , and istro-romanian ; these , according to other linguists , are separate languages . 
  i , myself , would n't say so , but it appears that you are right . 
  some linguists think they are separate languages . 
   while the 500 speakers of istro-romanian would probably be understood in romania , especially in transylvania ( the official romanian dialect is more distant ) . 
  they are better understood in moldova than in transylvania as there are more slavic influences there . 
  no worries . 
  i know that accent . 
  sounds very much like the pirate accent . 
  quite funny , indeed . 
  i am familiar with all of them except the bristol one . 
  i never knew there was a bristol accent . 
   is pretty damn hard to be understood even by people from the center of the country yes , well , regionalisms are one thing and i might not be able to understand all of them , however the accent itself is n't hard to understand or even reproduce by people living in central romania . 
  i , myself , am for central transylvania and your accent does n't differ all that much from ours . 
   not from our country you are right , but they still speak romanian , a different dialect from ours , but still romanian . 
  really ? 
  i would n't say it 's weird , nor is it terribly funny . 
  the funniest accent ( in my opinion ) is the moldovan accent . 
  have you ever heard a moldovan tell a joke ? 
  it makes it 10 times funnier for some reason . 
  and the weirdest accents / dialects are istro-romanian , megleno-romanian and aromanian . 
  average romanians ca n't even understand what it 's being said . 
  i quite envy you . 
  i do n't know if it 's a good thing to not have any speed limit on the motorway , because in my mind , even 1 life saved is worth having a speed limit . 
  however , i usually drive home from my parents ' house in the evening and the motorway is completely empty , yet i 'm stuck at 130 .
