  i would have thought that for a decent living ( one as op described ) one would need more than that in the uk . 
  2500 per month is a good pay , but to provide for a family of 4 , it does n't seem that much . 
  i 'd say about 2000-2500 euros . 
  bucharest is a little more expensive than the rest of the country so the figure might be a bit higher for it . 
  * side note : * great post !, 
  i 'm very interested in what other people have to say . 
  warsaw pretty much caught up to western european cities . 
  i remember they were saying that it would hold 1 million people and it would be self-sustained ( producing it 's own food from algae and such - not needing to import anything ) . 
  i think the price is right , mate . 
  just think about it . 
  constructing a city that would be able to hold 1 million people from scratch would be extremely expensive even on land . 
  [ map . 
  ] ( http://sebok1.adatbank.transindex.ro/kepek/retnikai.jpg ) while harghita and covasna ( the two counties with hungarian < < actually sz\u00e9kely   majority ) are indeed among the poorest in romania , all the other places where hungarians live are as well developed ( or better ) as every other regions in romania . 
   territories where ethnic minorities are in a majority are usually the last priority when it comes to governmental spending quite true . 
  however , do n't think that the government is disregarding hungarians . 
  considering the relatively low percentage of hungarians in the overall population , they are massively over-represented in the parliament . 
  trouble is that most politicians ( hungarians and otherwise ) are looking out for their personal interests and not the interests of the people they are representing . 
  i know that in some countries you get tax-cuts if you own an electric car . 
  is n't that also the case in denmark ? 
  if so , i would really consider such a car if i were danish . 
  i honestly think that that 's the case everywhere . 
  same here for bic and pampers , but not for kodaks . 
  i 've heard the term being used in transylvania as well , although it 's not really wide-spread . 
  no , you do n't need to ask you neighbor first , but you should n't expect your neighbor to do it for you either . 
  the fact is that europe and america already took steps towards helping ukraine and are prepared to do even more . 
  the fate of currency union and indeed , the fate of the union itself can be put in danger if we are reckless . 
  from an economic standpoint , we would have been much better off having excellent relations with an autocratic russia which controls ukraine than to cut off ties with russia and bring a poverty stricken ukraine into the union . 
  so it 's clearly not a question of morality . 
  the west has already made the moral choice in terms of helping ukraine and risking large parts of their economies . 
  not to mention our dependency on russian energy . 
  that 's a valid argument for not being reckless all by itself . 
   mil\u0103 = compassion `` mil\u0103 '' is more `` pity '' or `` mercy '' than `` compassion '' . 
  `` compasiune '' is `` compassion '' . 
  you are asking about trekking in arguably the wildest region of europe , yet you 're afraid of robbers ? 
  do n't worry , no one would rob you . 
  however , do worry about bears and wolves . 
  i 'm not saying it 's certain death if one ventures into the mountains , but one must be very careful and knowing one 's shit is of utmost importance . 
  countries hard - 1:41 capitals hard - 1:21, 
  i actually nailed luxembourg with no neighboring countries . 
  it 's because of the mountains . 
  i 've heard of something similar in cluj , romania . 
  our ancestors used [ this flag ] ( http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/736x/6a/34/50/6a3450351e5fe97bafef605af88ad52c.jpg ) . 
  it 's unique in the way that it 's the only 3d flag in the world . 
  it was a wolf 's head with it 's mouth open and a serpent 's tongue sticking out . 
  it also had a serpent 's body . 
  it would have been held on a pole like [ this ] ( http://img153.imageshack.us/img153/9822/cavalerie2.jpg ) so that when the riders would charge into battle , air would rush into the wolf 's mouth and it would create a terrible rattle because the serpent 's body was covered in chainmail . 
  so i suppose it would be a snake with a wolf 's head . . ? 
   is the rivalry between romania and bulgaria a thing ? 
  we do n't give a shit about bulgaria and they do n't give a shit about us . 
  hungary , on the other hand ... well ... let 's just say there 's a lot of bad blood there . 
  [ i do n't think romanians ever sing their national anthem with such zeal like they do when they 're playing against the hungarians . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prvy22etbho ), 
  oregon . 
  same . 
  that happened in the second quarter , not in the first . 
  there are actually quite a lot . 
  can someone ban this guy ? 
  montenegro , you beautiful bastard !, 
   the witcher 3 : wild hunt `` downwarren '' gameplay teaser was released ( advertisement ) . 
  i bought witcher 2 on steam during summer sales and it instantly became one of my favorite games of all time . 
  i 'm very excited for wild hunt . 
  actually , i think i 'll go ahead and start a new playthough of witcher 2 right now . 
  interesting . 
  i shall read more about him when i 'll have the time to spare . 
  thanks for bringing it up . 
  interesting indeed . 
  i have to admit that i have not heard of this man until now . 
  however , after reading a bit about him on wikipedia , he truly seems like an interesting person . 
   he considered himself a world citizen and believed the earth should belong to all people , regardless of race , gender , class , wealth , religion and age and that borders should be made obsolete . 
  that being said , he was n't the only one in that period to voice his concerns about a second , even greater war than the first one . 
  due to the ideological mindset , the geopolitical context and the frustrations that the great war left in it 's wake it was quite plausible . 
  i think i came across as more aggressive than i initially intended . 
  sorry for that ; i hope we can still be buddies . 
  :d that being said , i still stand by my comment . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's such a bullshit assessment . 
  i hate when people say things like that . 
  50 years are a long-ass time , dude . 
  you ca n't predict what will happen in the next 5 years , let alone in the next 50 . 
  do you think that in 1889 people expected that 50 years from then , the second world war would start ? 
  do you think that in 1868 people knew that austria-hungary , one of the most powerful empires on the planet would fall 50 years later , never to rise again ? 
  i 'm somewhat impartial on this issue , so i 'm not advocating for a federal europe . 
  nevertheless , one can never know for certain what will happen tomorrow , let alone 50 years from now . 
  it already has been done . 
   everybody knows he fucked up badly , but the numbers did n't catch up yet . 
  i doubt that . 
  we might know it , however , i doubt that my grandmother will understand when i 'll tell her that we 're actually in a quarterly recession . 
  ponta said on tv that our economy still grew ( and as you pointed out , he did n't lie , he just told part of the truth ) and she believes him . 
  that 's my biggest problem with ponta and his gang - they are manipulating the elderly and the simple folk to gain their votes . 
  that 's never good . 
  of course . 
  first of all , those dates you see there are usually not the of foundation dates of the cities , but rather the oldest recorded mention of them in an official historic document . 
  second of all , op seems to have included only the cities that were continuously inhabited to this day . 
  in romania at least , the oldest city is from 4200 bc ( [ link ] ( http://www.businessmagazin.ro/actualitate/cel-mai-vechi-oras-din-romania-mai-vechi-decat-piramidele-egiptene-video-11221230 ) ) , but the oldest still inhabited city is from 800bc , so that 's why that one made it on the list . 
  i just finished assassins creed : black flag . 
  this is my new favorite song ( and apparently it 's from ireland ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8xez0rqmp8&amp;list=llv0tbpenat5bvyf-7rm9owa&amp;index=1, 
  i have no favorites . 
  my `` favorite '' song usually changes every 2-3 days . 
  however , when i clicked on this post , i was listening to this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sirexhylsvy&amp;list=pl5f0bfad43b42ccb2&amp;index=2 definitely not my favorite , but i do n't really know what to link , so i guess it 's good enough . 
  it has one of the best negatives i 've ever heard though . 
  props to silent strike for that .
