  not to mention that west germany 's economic level is much , much higher than romania 's economic level . 
  so with a population that is 4.5 times smaller and a not very high economic level that moldova needs to reach in order to catch up to romania ( as e. germany needed in order to catch up with w. germany ) , the costs can not even be compared . 
  maybe if you live in harghita or covasna , but not in the rest of transylvania . 
  there was not a single good point in your argument . 
  your comments are offensive , ignorant and dumb . 
  i do n't know , there might be , but this a generally known fact . 
  those who lived under soviet propaganda are more reluctant than the younger generations . 
  there are exceptions on both sides , of course , but this is generally how it is . 
  and i 'm not talking out of my ass either . 
  this is what my moldovan friends and colleagues who moved here to work or to study say . 
  and , if you think about it , it makes sense . 
  of course that a 70 year old person who probably did not even crossed over moldova 's borders all his/her life is much more conservative in their thinking than a 25 year old who visited most of europe and uses the internet daily . 
  russia is becoming north korea . 
  lately , there has been a lot of anti-romanian propaganda in their media . 
  really ? 
  wow . 
  that 's quite impressive . 
  i 've always said that the current political elite is the best political elite that moldova has had so far . 
  they seem to be proving themselves . 
  i 'm from transylvania as well . 
  and like 80 % of the people here , i do n't want autonomy . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  however , we keep talking about moldova growing faster than romania . 
  is this even true ? 
  in 2013 , romania 's gdp grew by 3,5 % which they were saying it was only second to latvia 's growth . 
  how much did moldova 's gdp grew ? 
  i ca n't find any numbers . 
  the government will also raise the minimum wage by 100 romanian lei . 
  the trouble with moldovans from over the prut is that they see moldovans and romanians , when it 's not like that at all . 
  romania is composed of oltenians , muntenians , transylvanians ( including the guys from banat , cri\u015fana and maramure\u015f which are a bit different as well ) , moldovans ( with bukovinans as well ) and dobrujans . 
  romania is a `` dream '' or a `` concept '' if you will , that united all these factions which spoke the same language and had the same traditions . 
  much like germany or many other european countries . 
  i identify as a romanian , but internally , i also identify as a transylvanian . 
  bessarabians do n't seem to acknowledge this thing and they see themselves as different when they are really not . 
  yep . 
   their romanian population is slowly , but steadily being replaced by rroma . 
  yes , and moldova 's population is not-so-slowly , but steadily disappearing altogether . 
   considering that they are a different ethnic/cultural/linguistic group , there is n't any reason for the people of both countries to live in one country . 
  historians might argue with that . 
  a different ethnic/cultural/linguistic group ? 
  i think not . 
  we speak the same language , we have the same culture and traditions and we have the same ancestors and the same blood . 
   for instance , the eastern part may try to join moldova at some point in the future it would never happen . 
  what about it ? 
  it comes from russia and in the future it will come from the caspian basin . 
  you are quite an oldie on this subreddit , yet your karma is n't that great . 
  that leads me to believe that you 're not the greatest person to criticize others . 
  every time i see one of your comments , it 's usually dumb or trollish . 
  mainly from population and landmass . 
  in the beginning , of course , romania wo n't benefit at all . 
  but if romania manages to get moldova on a decent economic level , then it would be a great for the economy . 
  firstly because of chisinau . 
  it 's a big city and big cities produce loads of money . 
  you can build factories and establish big companies where big clumps of people live . 
  imagine romania without bucharest . 
  it would be a disaster . 
  bucharest produces about 21 % of romania 's gdp ( probably even more nowadays ) and that money is subsidizing all those small towns and villages . 
  without bucharest romania would be 2 times poorer . 
  i saw quite a lot of articles about this , usually from infoprut . 
  moldova is growing faster at the moment just because it 's poor and there is room from growth . 
  but just think about it - the more it grows , the slower and slower it gets . 
  corruption indexes are trough the roof , the administration is quite shit and there 's no industry or natural resources to speak of . 
  moldova can rely only on services and agriculture . 
  the small population and tiny surface area do not help at all . 
  not to mention that the population is declining at an alarming rate . 
  sure , there some small countries which are very rich , but that 's because they are tax heavens and they are in a stable geopolitical position . 
  do you really think that major banks and huge companies would base themselves in our region ? 
  definitely not . 
  it 's too unstable and precarious . 
  there would be too many risks . 
  look , i do not want to offend you , but this is the sad reality in moldova . 
  the only reason i 'm supporting reunification is the well-being of moldovans themselves . 
  if you guys do n't want this and can manage on your own , then i 'm fine with it . 
  the problem is , moldova can not manage on it 's own - and this is not because of moldovans , it 's because of moldova 's unfortunate position . 
  we supply 30 % of albania 's energy . 
  ( period ) that energy is electrical , of course , but it 's 30 % of their entire consumption . 
   notice the '' surrounding ` glory days ' . 
  yep . 
  that . 
  the amount of gas we buy from russia is insignificant and in the following years we 'll stop buying altogether . 
  romania started to reduce dependence on russia ever since the 2009 ( . . ? 
  i think it was . . 
  gas crisis . 
  this was a great thing for us diplomatically . 
  we already have enough energy and we already export lots of it to our neighbors . 
  not to mention the new deal with albania . 
  we supply 30 % of albania 's energy now . 
  why not do it for moldova ? 
  we should especially do it for moldova . 
  do n't be ignorant , mate . 
  well , then again , who has enough for themselves ? 
  moldova would never be able to catch up to romania on her own . 
  reunification without investments would be the most stupid thing ever done . 
  moldova does not produce enough at the moment to sustain romanian salaries and pensions . 
  it would be a crippling parasite without heavy investments . 
  the gas will start going their way on 27 august ( their independence day ) . 
  the pipeline was supposed to be functional by now - and it is on the romanian side - but moldova ran into some problems with it and the inauguration day had to be postponed . 
  still , i 'm very happy that this happened . 
  they will be able to buy much cheaper gas and at the same time , reduce dependence on russia . 
   step 2 : moldova makes great use of eu funds to catch up to us nope .
