  read my comments on that thread again . 
  i agreed with you on that . 
  i just did n't like the way you portrayed my country . 
  it would have been much better for romania and bulgaria to join in 2013 alongside croatia . 
  that way the crisis would n't have hit us as hard as it did and we would be more prepared upon joining . 
  this is generally not a popular idea and it might not even be true that romania would have been better off by joining later , but that 's the way i see things . 
  ~ ~ according to [ eurostat ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/submitviewtableaction.do?dvsc=8 ) , romanians have , on average , the biggest households in the eu ( did not expect that ) . 
  the smallest houses seem to be in denmark . ~ ~ other than that , the `` average '' romanian lives in communist apartment blocks . 
  it 's sad indeed . 
  in theory , yes . 
  the problem is that wages do n't seem to go up very fast and we are already very short on doctors . 
  and even if they go up , i do n't think they will ever reach western wages . 
  let 's say a ukrainian doctor has the chance to migrate to europe . 
  he will certainly not stop in romania just because he would make 2-300 euros more here than in his home country . 
  he would go to ireland or to sweden or any other western eu country because he would make 5 times more there , not just a 300 euros raise . 
  there used to be lots of moldovan doctors coming here , but even they stopped coming . 
  they would much rather go some place else where instead of making 350 euros per month in moldova or 700 in romania , they make 4 or 5000 . 
  do you think that priests would stoop so low for a couple of thousands of euros more per month ? 
  pleaaase !, 
  they are too busy driving their limos and telling old people to donate to the church in the name of god . 
  the problem is that these countries are facing doctor shortages . 
  romania especially . 
  even though we produce loads , we simply do n't have enough doctors as they are leaving constantly . 
  yeah , sure . 
  mate , you live on the other side of the planet , so of course you think it 's no big deal . 
  i 'm not talking about war here . 
  that 's very unlikely to ever happen . 
  i 'm talking about the influence and leverage that russia will gain . 
  my country suffered 40 years of communism . 
  believe me , russia is not a victim of nato 's bullying like it 's been said lately . 
   yes and that 's because you are ** under the impression ** that romania is basically somalia . 
  no , you did not say it , but you seem to believe that the difference between western eu and romania is as big as the difference between liechtenstein and war-thorn syria . 
  yes , we have lots of problems and i understand your stance . 
  when the only people from romania you met are gypsies that beg at every street corner in your home town where before there were none , you get a bit angry and that 's understandable . 
  however , you should n't think that that 's all there is to romania . 
  i urge you to come and visit sometimes and maybe you will change your perspective . 
  yes and that 's because you are under the impression that romania is basically somalia . 
  i was referring to the number of homeless people in romania compared to the rest of europe . 
  yes , romania does have a low gdp for an eu country , but gdp is n't everything . 
  let me give you an example - the us has a gdp of 50.000 $ , yet they have the highest number of homeless people in the western hemisphere , a huge drug problem and their crime rate is trough the roof . 
  your premise is that romania is shit because it 's poorer than western europe . 
  romania might be poorer than western europe , but it 's not a fucking shithole . 
  i suggest you come and visit and you might even like it . 
  it 's not at all like it 's portrayed in the daily mail when they go and report from the shittiest gypsy village they can find . 
  it 's still a european country which is safer than most countries in the world ( even safer than some other , much richer , eu countries ) and also quite a comfortable place in which you can live a happy life . 
  fact base numbers ? 
  i think i already proved you wrong on those . 
  open conflict between such huge powers in this point in time would result in total devastation . 
  so i doubt it 's going to happen . 
  however , china and russia can exert much more influence together and that can be dangerous for the west . 
   ( total trade ) i was n't necessarily talking about the gas deal . 
  i was talking about all their deals which will lead towards friendship and common interest between them . 
  ( space program included ), 
   the two neighbours aim to double the volume to $ 200bn in 10 years . 
  ( total trade ) if it happens , these two countries will have an incentive to get over their quarrels , which can result in a very dangerous alliance . 
  dangerous for europe , in any case , as russia will gain a very strong supporter . 
  that just goes to show how uninformed he is . 
   compared to western europe or the nordics romania and hungary are many years behind in development and that is nothing we can deny . 
  have you read my comment ? 
  i did not deny anything . 
  i said i agreed with you that romania joined eu too soon . 
  i only argued that drugs and homelessness exist , but they are not major issues in romania as you said . 
  not bigger than in the rest of europe , at any rate . 
  this video portrays an extreme situation . 
  you assume that this kind of things are common here . 
  well , you are mistaken . 
  i , personally , never knew about those people living in the sewers . 
  i 'm not trying to be a hypocrite here . 
  sure , there are homeless people living in extreme poverty here , but they are fewer than you would expect . 
  there are 3 million homeless people in europe and only 15 000 in romania . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.homelessworldcup.org/content/homelessness-statistics ) ( europe is right at the beginning of the article ) and [ source ] ( https://www.google.ro/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=4&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0cemqfjad&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.feantsa.org%2fspip.php%3faction%3dacceder_document%26arg%3d1523%26cle%3d99c9294184ee3337e4e78417bf999fc6cfd39624%26file%3dpdf%252fromania.pdf&amp;ei=pfd7u86nfofb7abmxigiaq&amp;usg=afqjcnehb9fizacj2ytledyxc6qnzsdm4a&amp;sig2=fz9rm9e7myzpfktbfwuzdq&amp;bvm=bv.67229260,d.zgu ) . 
  you also mentioned drugs . 
  romania is one of the most drug-free countries in the world . 
  at any rate , i agree with you that romania was n't ready to join the eu when it did , but for entirely different reasons that the ones you mentioned . 
  educate yourself before commenting . 
  well , they very rarely came up in political debates over here . 
  maybe never , actually . 
  i bet most romanians have n't even heard of them . 
  however , nigel farage 's recent comment about being concerned if a group of romanians moved near him spiked some controversy and people were not amused . 
  of course , i bet he was talking about gypsies , not romanians , but political correctness got him in trouble this time . 
  can we get this kid banned ? 
  nope . 
  you are totally wrong . 
  doing something stupid is n't the same thing as being ballsy . 
  i understand your stance , i really do . 
  as you might know , there are lots of romanians in ukraine as well . 
  however , do n't you think it 's a little bit hypocritical to demand autonomy on ethnic grounds in these times ? 
  i mean , we 're imposing sanctions on russia for inciting rebels that want independence . 
  yes , the 're a big difference between autonomy and independence , but still , this is not the right time . 
   then check whether you can actually do things with it yourself , you might notice that it 's locked down to an insane degree and configured via tr096 . 
  nope , it 's not locked down , so i guess that 's a good thing . 
   no , i 'm not using my isp-provided router  i 'm not either . 
  i rented my router from a tech store ( i 'm friends with the guy who owns the shop ) . 
  that 's the problem . 
  there is no technology to safely extract shale gas . 
  extracting shale gas is never safe . 
  it 's even more dangerous when people leave very close to the extraction zone as the water will most likely be contaminated . 
  yes , it could be very beneficial . 
  however , there are some big risks when extracting it . 
  do you speak romanian ?
