  but how can we ready our armies when officially we push for a peaceful solution ? 
  do n't you think that 's a bit hypocritical ? 
  it would just give putin more legitimacy in the eyes of his people and in the eyes of sympathetic nations ( china ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , if romania goes to war to defend itself or moldova , i would certainly take up arms like my grandparents before me . 
  but i really , really hope it does n't come to that . 
  however , i will say that it would make sense for the nations bordering russia to do that . 
  it will send the message you are talking about and at the same time still pass under the radar for eu as a whole . 
  i do n't think it 's about balls . 
  although this clearly shows that europe is still submissive in it 's relation with the usa . 
  this might have changed with the recent nsa events because there have been some outcries from us . 
  i agree , although i will say that there is some truth in putin 's statements . 
  whatever the us does , it 's always right , even though it 's dead wrong . 
  nobody says anything and sanctions are not even proposed . 
  it wo n't . 
  listen , there 's no question about it - if the eu countries all rise to go to war , russia is destroyed . 
  we know that , usa knows that , even putin knows that . 
  a show of force is utterly useless if we 're not going to go any further . 
  moreover , it goes against european policy . 
  the eu is strongly pressing for a diplomatic solution , not a military one . 
  the fact that klitschko is a western puppet is obvious . 
  but i get the feeling that this is not legit . 
  ouch !, 
  you win this one , brit . 
  but in all seriousness , even though it sounded much harsher than intended , i was just trying to make a joke . 
  well , basescu held a bunch of press conferences as far as i know . 
  he talked about russia 's outrageous behavior and warned that romania will not stand idle if russia tries to play games with moldova as well . 
  also , there have been a quite a few social activities which showed support for ukraine , but they have n't been reported on that much . 
  i heard about them mostly trough facebook . 
  yeah , but romania and bulgaria dude ? 
  we get enough shit as it is already . 
  i want my country to be respected at least from a military point of view . 
  that 's what i was saying . 
  we both joined nato in 2004 for more-or-less the same reasons . 
  but , lol !, 
  romania joined !, 
  what a joke !, 
  that coming from a guy whose country is a little bigger than my home town . 
  i was just thinking about that and i totally agree . 
  come on , guys !, 
  let bygones be bygones . 
  they have their own thing going on . 
  they wo n't work with the inferior people from the continent . 
  this happened 10 years ago . 
  but i do n't understand why are you so ironical . 
  you 're from estonia for christ 's sake . 
  look who 's laughing ... 
  i know greece spends loads on it 's military . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  considering that you guys were arguably worst off after the crisis do n't you have better things to worry about ? 
  i do n't think the ottomans will attack anymore . 
  * chuckles * it 's not logical , but i can understand why you support this project . 
  i would have a huge boner if romania was involved . 
  greece ? 
  wtf ? 
  why ? 
  do n't you have better things to do ? 
  anyway , i 'm glad to hear it . 
  your island is far away , good friend . 
  you live in a different world where politics and diplomacy have evolved ( even though it might not seem so ) . 
  as a romanian , i 'm not surprised at all . 
  ever since it 's creation , russia craved world domination . 
  eastern europe has long-suffered because of this . 
  maybe they 'll surrender . 
  yup . 
  that goes for me as well . 
  what can happen ? 
  i do n't think that it 's dangerous , but probably the competition will be overshadowed by events in ukraine . 
  yes , intervene diplomatically . 
  this is different because it 's much more dangerous . 
  romania could n't start wwiii or another cold war even if it wanted to . 
  anyway , i was wrong . 
  it was just a stupid idea . 
  i was saying we should consider what peia ninel proposed . 
  it 's not so much about quote-on-quote `` invading '' moldova . 
  it 's more about taking military actions against them . 
  that 's exactly the role of transnistria for russia - stir shit up . 
  a minor crisis would suffice for russians to march on chisinau . 
  the eastern european countries certainly do support ukraine because we could have been in the same position as you are . 
  in any case , that is useless unless at least one of the big western powers joins in . 
  let 's hope they do n't consider gas to be more important than the well-being of ukraine . 
  maybe not just indirectly as romania would surely step up if moldova would be threatened with military action . 
  not saying that we would go to war with russia , but we would take some kind of action most likely . 
  i do n't think so . 
  they are still building it in romania . 
  they probably stopped in poland because it was a huge investment and they are not as susceptible as we are to russian pressure . 
  i think it would act as a deterrent of sorts . 
  be careful !, 
  putin might decide that they need liberating from western fascism . 
  it would not reduce russian influence . 
  those countries are in the russian sphere . 
  if a conflict were to happen , russia would probably force them to stop exporting and that would just increase russian legitimacy because it wo n't be them who stopped it . 
  the blame would fall on the governments of those ex - soviet republics . 
  russia would say it has nothing to do with it and would still have influence over the eu . 
  well , if germany and a few other european countries would go in , it would probably be possible . 
  idiotic , nonetheless , but maybe-kinda possible . 
  i view this as a good thing for european gamers . 
  in recent years , as mobile platforms became a thing , microtransactions limited a lot of good games and it was only getting worse . 
  maybe this is a good wake-up call for game developers . 
  i 'd love love to try the romanian one . 
  :d what beverages did you use ?
