  a bit like russian minorities , i suppose . 
  as a liberal secular humanist , i hate this guy more and more with each passing day . 
  how can hungarians stand for this bullshit ? 
  it seems so fucking crazy to me . 
  loved it !, 
  thank you for the post !, 
  what 's up with bulgaria ? 
  is it because they 've been getting ( like us ) so much bad press that they do n't feel accepted so , in tern , do n't feel eu citizens anymore ? 
   with virtually no exception comments will spring up that are either downright anti-serbian , or at best frame serbians as caricatures that 's not true at all !, 
  i 've always tried to defend serbia and to point out that things were n't black and white . 
  things were grey throughout yugoslavia . 
  and even though i admit i usually get downvotes when i 'm expressing my opinion regarding this issue , i was never the only one to defend serbia . 
  also , you must understand that the winners are the ones who write history . 
  they must antagonize and even demonize the entity they are fighting against in order to legitimize their actions . 
  an unfortunate consequence of demonizing a country for their mistakes and not taking into account their own suffering and the crimes committed against them is [ jingoism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jingoism ) . 
  this form of nationalism is caused by the frustration and the anger felt by the citizens of the respective country . 
  i , personally , can empathize with that frustration , but there are people who can not . 
  and to be fair , most serbs are nationalistic and feel they have been punished even though they suffered as well . 
  serbs need to forget about the wrongdoings against them and accept the history the winners wrote for them if they want people to accept them . 
  basically , do what the germans did even if you do n't think it 's fair . 
  it is the only way , in my opinion . 
  the countryside is not that great . 
  it 's a mere shadow of romanian villages of old where dance , culture and the love for nature prevailed in the past . 
  in transylvania , however , there are a few of those villages that maintained their culture and their beauty . 
  unfortunately , they are very rare . 
  so if the wine inside those bottles is `` dead '' and you pay 25,000 euros for it 's history - it 's dust - rather than the vine , that reporter scraped off what . . ? 
  4000 euros of dust ... ? 
  thanks !, 
  if you ever want to visit again , you are always welcome !, 
   also , next time you visit , forget about bucharest . 
  there are lots of other cities here that are way nicer than bucharest ( in my opinion ) . 
  and while you might not find stray dogs or chaos in traffic in these other cities , communist apartment blocks are omnipresent throughout the country . 
  unfortunately , you ca n't escape those . 
  i was only joking , mate . 
  and even though you are right and there are some roma with pale skin , they are very rare , certainly not `` many , many '' and they usually are half-roma . 
  they are not darker because they stay in the sun longer , they are darker because they were born that way . 
  for example , i have a gypsy friend which was born into a decent-earning family . 
  he has a good education and now has a good job , however , he is one of the darkest gypsies i 've met . 
  the people did n't kill him . 
  the higher-up in the party did . 
  they were probably feeling that if they continue to stand with him they will lose power , or worst , end up in jail . 
  there was a trial in which ceausescu was sentenced to death , but from later declarations , it seems that it was all set-up . 
  basically , romania had the same communist leaders in the '90s as we had before the revolution . 
  the difference being that there were new laws and there was no `` all-mighty god ceausescu '' . 
  that 's why we did so poorly in the '90s . 
  so yeah , the people did n't have the slightest clue what was going on , mate . 
  also , please step down from your high-horse . 
  i can see why joining the eu might be unpopular at the moment . 
  however , has there ever been a time when people in norway wanted to join the eu ? 
  probably not , but you are certainly a rare fellow . 
  thank you for the video . 
  that testimony confirmed what i already knew . 
  however , i ca n't help feeling even angrier and more frustrated than before . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again - i regret each and every second my country was under that damned regime . 
   later in life i came to the conclusion that even the worst dictatorship is a democracy of non-revolution , as ceausescu was killed in the most primitive and brutal way . 
  i do n't really understand what you 're getting at here . 
  however , even though i am firmly against capital punishment , you have to understand that ceausescu hurt and killed lots and lots of people . 
  again , i 'm not really sure he deserved to die the way he did , but there is one thing i 'm certain of - if anyone ever deserved to die , it was him . 
  also , being shot in the head might be quite messy , however , i would prefer it over hanging ( saddam hussein ) . 
   because if you meet a gypsy that 's integrated in society you wo n't even know that he is one unless he tells you . 
  umm . . 
  i get what you 're saying , but does n't the indian/pakistani look give away the fact that he is roma ? 
  fair enough . 
  the reason i got quite annoyed is because i thought you were one of those ignorant fools who talk out of their ass . 
  thank you for your reply !, 
  i am aware of all the negative stereotypes and all the bad consequences that derived from romania 's accession to the eu ( gypsies running amok all over europe ) . 
  however , why do you dislike romania ? 
  have we been bombing and killing palestinians and i have n't heard of it yet ? 
  are we financing terror groups ? 
  are we trying to annex slovakia ? 
  do we smell ? 
  wtf ? 
  saying that we should have not been accepted in the eu is ok with me as it would be a valid opinion . 
  saying that you simply dislike romania is not . 
  for what reason ? 
  we 've made lots of progress since we joined and that trend seems to be continuing . 
  favorites ... ? 
  well , austria and switzerland spring to mind . 
  however , i quite admire and envy the scandinavians as well . 
  very interesting . 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  it is crazy to think that countries like slovakia surpassed countries like greece and portugal . 
  of course , greece was no luxembourg , but still , 10 years ago slovakia was quite shit and greece was quite great . 
  times have changed , but my perception refuses to do so . 
  it 's in ukrainian , so i do n't understand anything . 
  luckily , i scrolled down to the comments and found this : i 'm a soldier i have n't slept in five years and i have dark circles under my eyes have n't seen them myself but so i 've been told i 'm a soldier and i have no head ( * ) they have beated it off with their boots yo-o-o , commander shouts commander 's mouth is teared open because a grenade ... white cotton wool red cotton wo n't heal a soldier i 'm a soldier unborn child of war i 'm a soldier mom , take care of my wounds i 'm a soldier soldier of a country forgotten by god i 'm a hero tell me of which novel oh . . oooh . . 
  i 'm a soldier it vexes me when i have only one bullet left it 's either me or him the last wagon moonshine there are millions of us in the un i 'm a soldier and i know my job my job is to shoot so that the bullet does n't miss the ennemy 's body this reggae is for you mother-war are you happy now ? 
  i 'm a soldier i 'm a soldier unborn child of war i 'm a soldier mom , take care of my wounds i 'm a soldier soldier of a country forgotten by god i 'm a hero tell me of which novel ( in english ) i 'm a sol-dier i 'm a sol-dier i 'm a sol-dier i 'm a sol-dier i 'm a sol-dier sol-dier sol-dier-dja i 'm a soldier unborn child of war i 'm a soldier mom , take care of my wounds i 'm a soldier soldier of a country forgotten by god i 'm a hero tell me of which novel, 
  of course , however , this is still progress . 
  with romania free of russian reliance , europe is one extremely tiny step closer as well . 
  as far as i know , local production always means cheaper gas ( at least when compared to the russian prices ) . 
  there are indeed a few countries ( like germany and italy ) that pay very little for a cubic meter of gas , but the rest of europe ( central/eastern especially ) buy extremely expensive gas as there is virtually no other alternative and the russians pretty much have the monopoly . 
  sure - http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2bncwc/europes_most_hated_vice_news/ only 3 comments sadly . 
  indeed , but that 's not the actual reason . 
  the name comes from bulgarian , as dobrogea was theirs for a long time . 
   the town 's name is derived from the slavic ( more precisely bulgarian ) \u010derna voda ( \u0447\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0430 \u0432\u043e\u0434\u0430 in cyrillic ) , meaning `` black water '' . 
  this name is regarded by some scholars as a calque of the earlier thracian name ax\u00edopa , from ie * n.ksei `` dark '' and up\u0101 `` water '' ( cf. 
  avestan ax\u0161a\u0113na `` dark '' and lithuanian \u00f9p\u0117 `` river , creek '' ) . 
  dobrogea ( the region in which this town is located ) has been under bulgarian control for a long time . 
  the town was actually founded by ancient greeks as a trading post with the dacians in the 4th century bc .
