  look at romania and italy - almost never in the same category . 
  but that 's irrelevant . 
  just use your brain and think . 
  the aurelian retreat started in 271 and the dacian conquest was in 106 ( they conquered only 21 % of the kingdom , might i add ) that means that the romans were here for only 165 years and those were only roman legionaries - only men , not women and not civilians . 
  while we definitely adopted their culture because of the process of romanization , we sure as hell do n't share much blood with them and we are not their descendants . 
  i know for a fact that ukrainians are among the people that like us the least . 
  and i also know that that 's mostly because of propaganda . 
  no offence bro , but your media is full of shit . 
  a ukrainian friend of mine told me that romania is portrayed in ukrainian media as being a hostile imperialist country that constantly makes territorial claims and that in our media we always portray ukraine as our enemies . 
  however , that 's not true at all . 
  romanians never talk about ukraine and the media never mentions it ( they only started now because of the crisis ) . 
  there is , or at least was , a general feel in romania that ukraine is russia 's pet and that 's about all there is to it . 
  the chinese started to come in the early 2000 's . 
  they stopped coming when china started to do better than romania , though . 
  well , i do n't know any romanians which moved to the baltics . 
  even though it 's a step up , it 's not a massive step so the average romanian generally prefers to migrate to western europe . 
  yep . 
  there were , and still are , movements , proposals and gossip that romania , upon it 's forming , should have been called dacia . 
  the dacians are our ancestors and the dacian kingdom was situated exactly where romania is today . 
  the problem is that we speak a romance language and most people take pride in that fact . 
  most romanians see themselves as the offspring of the romans , even though we do n't share much blood with them . 
  romania and has done nothing . 
  unfortunately , we have a very big gypsy population which has very different values than the 21st century western world . 
  they might have been ok in 14th century europe , but not today . 
  i call myself a humanist , but it 's very hard to not be mad at them for bringing such shame and such a dishonorable reputation to romania . 
  i 've been a `` victim '' ( harsher word than necessary when dealing with insults imo ) of racial insults from other european not just once and it 's all because of the gypsies . 
  i did n't know about it and i 'm romanian . 
  i knew about the vlach community living in serbia , but nothing about magic . 
  i suggest that they should not fall into the hands of blind nationalism and thoroughly analyze all the pros and cons because there is a lot to consider . 
  however , if they come to the conclusion that independence is the best thing , then i have nothing to object to . 
  i just hope that there will be no propaganda from the local politicians and media and that they will be objective about it because this might be the most important decision this country makes in the centuries to come . 
  i 'm an atheist , so i deem most , if not all , religious cults to be idiotic and immoral for the most part . 
  that being said , islam definitely is more out of touch with human values and rights than most other religions . 
  i 'm not perfect , in fact , far from it , but ideologically at least , i want freedom and equality for all people - black , white , young , old , male or female . 
  so i could never accept sharia law or any other religious ideology that resembles it simply because it goes against everything that i stand for as a secular humanist . 
  why do you say that ? 
  [ they do ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_language ) , however , the irish language is very real . 
  it 's actually one of the official languages of the european union . 
  yeah . 
  i mean , come on !, 
  ca n't a man at least defend his honor in a fight to the death ? 
  haha . 
  i love this fellow . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  i really like serbia . 
  it somehow resembles romania in a way . 
  irish . 
  i started to write a reply but ... nah ... 
  i 'm done . 
  regardless of the fact that you 're dead wrong , we do need more optimists like you though . 
  do you really not understand the perils of an aging population or are you a troll ? 
  it 's as simple as 1 +1 . 
  it 's very bad . 
  i ' l give you a concrete example . 
  japan has a debt of us$ 10.46 trillion and a population of 127 mil . 
  it 's birthrate is 1.39 children per woman and dropping ( you need 2 kids per woman for the population to not drop ) . 
  that means that in 2040 japan 's population will be only 80 million with the workforce half of what it is today and a pensioner population double of what it is today . 
  half the workforce produces half the money , while 2 times the pensioner population costs 2 times the money . 
  add the 10 trillion ( and mounting ) debt to all that and you 're golden . 
  even with all the technology and innovation in the world , japan is set to drop from it 's position as a global economy . 
  if you still believe that an aging population is a good thing for a country after this , then i give up . 
  life expectancy in the eu is 79.86 years , while in the us it 's at 78.64 . 
  being thin is much more healthy than being fat . 
  eating lots of junk food is n't healthy either . 
  also , poverty has nothing to do with obesity in the 21st century europe . 
  in fact , lots of obese people are poor . 
  poverty leads to depression which leads to obesity . 
  poverty in europe is different from poverty in africa and it translates to not being able to buy an iphone . 
  still , if i did n't get trough to you , do n't despair . 
  you might not be proud of europe being thin , but you can sure be proud of britain catching up to america in obesity levels . 
  yeah , but it 's a good way to bash the americans some more . 
  lots of retirees means lots of money spent on pensions and other welfare . 
  having a huge population of old people and a small population of youngsters extremely bad for the economy . 
  how is the next generation supposed to pay up all that debt our countries accumulated when the workforce is half of what it used to be and budget spending on pensions is double ? 
  so no , it 's not good at all that europe has an aging population . 
  i completely agree . 
  very true indeed , but turks do n't have to be dicks about it though ( just like the guy you replied to ) . 
  as my fellow redditors pointed out in their comments , it is very hard to make such comparisons for a variety of reasons . 
  however , i 'll try to amuse you . 
  london - new york rome - san francisco madrid - phoenix amsterdam - las vegas brussels - washington dc berlin - chicago dublin - detroit stockholm - stockton vienna - philadelphia warsaw - portland athens - orlando budapest - austin bucharest - boston sofia - memphis prague - seattle lisbon - miami paris - los angeles disclaimer : these comparisons are based on absolutely nothing , therefore they are bullshit . 
  you are welcome . 
  btw , sorry for the eu countries i did n't include , but those were all the american cities that came to mind and i 'm not in the mood to google a list . 
  oh , hypocrisy at it 's finest . 
  i would n't say this is a common thing for romanians . 
  some people exercise , some do n't - it 's as simple as that . 
  yep , i know . 
  i grew up in a small town of about 20.000 inhabitants where traffic is practically nonexistent , so driving to places was not a pain in the ass . 
  our house was on the edge of this town , so whenever i had to go to the store or to school , i drove there . 
  i grew accustomed to this and now , even though i live in a bigger city , i just hop in my car when i need to go somewhere , regardless of the distance ( i only take the bus when i need to go to the city center because parking there is a bitch ) . 
  i drink , but i would n't say i drink a lot . 
  a couple of beers now and then and the occasional `` slammed '' at times . 
  i definitely identify with my nationality more . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love europe , i love the european idea and the european dream of a united europe , but if i 'm ever asked where i 'm from , i 'll most likely say romania , not europe . 
  i do n't have any exercise regime . 
  i do n't even walk to places . 
  if i need to get somewhere and it 's further than 500 meters away , i drive there . 
  i do work out sometimes though , but it 's in bursts . 
  i engage in absolutely no physical exercise for 3 or 4 months , after that i feel bad about it and i start to work out aggressively for about 2 or 3 weeks ( gym , sports and jogging ) and after that the cycle begins again . 
  i 'm not sure if this is healthy . 
  i also smoke quite a lot , so i should exercise regularly .
