  also , if you 're strictly talking about gdp growth , then it 's somewhat true . 
  on average , eastern/central europe is performing better than western europe on average . 
  however , this is mostly because there 's just a lot more room to improve here . 
  you can get much more done with a few investments in hungary than in france . 
  even so , eventually , it will stabilize . 
  edit : and the difference in gdp growth rates are not even extremely high between east and west even though the difference in overall development is quite significant . 
  [ look for yourself . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/forecasts/2016_winter_forecast_en.htm ), 
  debatable . 
  any index where romania is ranked better than hungary is good in my book . 
  yea , but the rest are not as concentrated and are living in in regions where either romanians are a majority or it 's about half and half ( like my birthplace - targu mures ) . 
   what yep . 
  next-gen brainwashing . 
  yep . 
  and also , we have a big rural population . 
  most of those people work the field and raise animals for a living . 
   i have to admit `` needs new batteries '' was not what i was expecting . 
  that 's so romanian . 
  xd `` ehh . . fuck it . 
  imma buy 'em tomorrow '', 
  yea , i saw it . 
  this version is a bit better , though . 
  i enjoyed that . 
  [ for frodo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smcxrlxkhx0 ) nah , but on a serious note , what could i link you ? 
  there are songs , movies , poetry or speeches that give me the chills . 
  however , these are all in romanian . 
  you would n't understand anything , so not gon na link any . 
   and you 're talking about having a war as some quick fix to building a european state again with the absolute terms . 
  okay . 
  hopeless case it seems . 
  funny you should also say this . 
  the canadian guy that i 've mentioned was very keen on convincing me to apply for a visa . 
  michael is that you ? 
  your flair is fucked up . 
  on a serious note , i do n't plan to leave romania anytime soon . 
  if i 'm forced to , or if i 'll ever have a change of heart , it 'll probably be switzerland or one of the northern european countries . 
  ahh ... americans always take what i say in absolute terms . 
  of course there were other factors and of course the canadian identity evolved gradually . 
  this should go without saying . 
  also , yes , i know about the conscription problems in quebec during the war . 
  obviously , not everybody felt canadian after the war and obviously lots of people already did feel canadian even before . 
  even so , this was still the most important moment in canadian history which helped shape it 's identity . 
  and that can not be debated . 
  nope . 
  as i said , born and raised in transylvania , romania . 
  my english is decent ( probably ) due to the fact that i used to read tons of books back in high school . 
  funny you should say that , though . 
  last week i met a canadian guy in a pub . 
  he also asked me if i 'm a native because apparently i do n't have an accent . 
  xd  you write very well . 
  thank you , but trust me on this one , there 's still room for improvement . 
  even more so from ground level if you visit it in person . 
  brasov has that feel also , but it 's difficult to transmit that trough the video . 
   there was also actually a fairly sizable german community in transsylvania ( or siebenb\u00fcrgen as its german name ) . 
  yep . 
  actually , the german influence is very visible in transylvania . 
  especially in a few cities where big german communities used to live . 
  prime examples would be [ sibiu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utfjm9uhj4i ) and [ brasov ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqu3dick4fg ) . 
   i personally for example feel more connected to france , denmark or the netherlands ( and austria even more obviously ) than i feel connected to romania , hungary or poland . 
  i can understand why . 
  i would also feel the same if i was in your place , probably . 
  i am trying to think with who i feel the most connected , as a romanian . 
  it 's a bit tricky , because romania was always at the crossroads of 3 empires and all of them influenced us . 
  all over the country , there is a bit of balkan influence , but it 's very pregnant in the south and more limited in transylvania and moldova . 
  there is also a russian influence , but this one is more contained to moldova . 
  here , in transylvania , you can definitely see the influence of austro-hungary . 
  so ... let 's see . 
  as a transylvanian , i connect fine enough with bulgarians , serbs and croats they are somewhat similar to what i 'm used to . 
  however , it 's got ta be the hungarians , man . 
  there , i said it . 
  i 'll be burned at the stake now by my people . 
  xd but really , for me , and i think for transylvanians in general , best foreign social cohesion is with hungary . 
  whoa . 
  talk about a wall of text . 
  xd anyway , i mostly tend to agree with you and these are indeed questions that i asked myself . 
  however , as i stated in my post , i came to the conclusion that the positives outweighed the negatives . 
  this would be a long debate , though and i do n't feel like writing so much in order to justify my conclusion at this time . 
  i do not contest that . 
  i was just saying that despite the divide within the country , after the civil war , for the first time ever , americans considered themselves more american than new yorkers ( for instance ) . 
  done . 
  yes . 
  exactly what i was saying . 
  the canadian identity was not very prominent . 
  canadians identified more closely with the regions in which they lived , or with a much more vast entity in the form of the british empire . 
  they saw themselves as people from the empire that lived in canada . 
  they were canadians , sure but there was n't a strong canadian identity . 
  after the war though , they viewed themselves as first and foremost canadians and only afterwards came everything else . 
  which was a big change from four years before . 
  edit : do n't edit comments after i reply . 
   .   `` 70 percent of the men who enlisted in the cef were british immigrants , even though british immigrants were just 11 percent of canada 's population . '', 
  i still fail to see your point . 
  what are you arguing with me about ? 
  just read my post . 
  xd they were divided in the sense that before the war , they did n't see themselves as canadians . 
  they were migrants from all over the world and did n't give much of a shit about national identity . 
  i pointed this out with the quote of the veteran . 
  `` we went up the ridge as albertans and nova scotians . 
  we returned as canadians '' . 
  did i say otherwise ? 
    they went to war for britain .
