   romani are widely known among anglophonic people by the exonym `` gypsies '' ( or gipsies ) and also as romany , romanies , romanis , roma or roms . 
  in their own language , romani , they are known collectively as romane or rromane ( depending on the dialect ) . 
  actually , it says here that spain is fourth and bulgaria is third . 
  percentage-wise bulgaria seems to lead the pack followed by romania . 
  anyway , why did you think that i was a troll ? 
  my comment was not trollish . 
  i know and i agree with you . 
  we should defend the baltics in case of threat , no doubt . 
  i was just pointing out that things are not as rosy in the baltics as one would think . 
  yes , i realize that sending us troops to eastern europe is mainly a deterrent . 
  i was just trying to explain to that guy that us troops are just that - a deterrent . 
  i highly doubt that america sent those soldiers in the hopes that they would get killed so that they could declare war on russia legitimately . 
  i am aware that romanians are n't to fond of hungary . 
  however , i would have expected russia to be in last place . 
   has nothing to do with the roma . 
  have you seen the recent thread about how does the average european view romanians ? 
  most stereotypes were `` romanian = gypsy '' . 
  this is mostly a new thing mate and we 're painfully aware of it . 
   the baltic states are nato members who contribute a lot considering their populations . 
  actually , not exactly . 
  latvia is spending only 0.9 % of their gdp on their armed forces and lithuania only 0.8 . 
  estonia is the only one that spends 2.0 % of their gdp , but their armed forces consist of only 3200 soldiers . 
  they do n't want to justify war to the american public . 
  they do n't even want war . 
  it would be way too dangerous to play war games with russia . 
  there is nothing to be gained from it and loads to lose . 
  hahahaha !, 
  yeah , sure . 
   their are more romani people living in spain than anywhere else in europe . 
  nope . 
  i 'm quite certain that romania has a lot more of them . 
  and yes , i know that romani are n't romanian . 
  i 'm romanian . 
  i was just being ironical because whenever gypsies commit crimes in western europe , the headlines read `` romanian '' . 
  well , at least he did n't say `` romanians '' . 
  i can . 
  fuck yea , son . 
  top gear is the greatest show ever . 
  there are some other good shows like qi and little britain which are or were watched here . 
  marea = great britanie = britain and yes , `` mare '' also means `` sea '' . 
  `` marea '' means `` the sea '', 
  haha . 
  wales is '' \u021aara galilor '' in romanian . 
  :d the literal translation is `` gauls ' country '' . 
  that 's actually the weirdest one in romanian . 
  another weird one is olanda ( holland ) . 
  we have no other name for the netherlands . 
   realistically , the wo n't be able to . 
  have you heard about rosia montana ? 
  the locals there were n't even opposed to the extraction of gold . 
  in fact , they wanted it badly because that was a mining town and they were out of jobs . 
  however , the extraction never happened because of large protest around the country . 
  of course , that was an even bigger environmental issue . 
  there are now lots of social programs that are trying to make the region a tourist attraction so that it wo n't become another `` third world '' region within romania . 
  ponta and the government supported extraction there as well , but it did n't happen and probably will never happen . 
  the canadians are pissed about this , but though luck dude - i 'd rather have fresh air and uncontaminated water than a little gold . 
  i 'm completely opposed to extraction in rosia montana . 
  that being said , as i stated in my first comment , i 'm not so certain about pungesti . 
  extracting there might actually be a good thing . 
  especially considering the current crisis and moldova 's vulnerable position . 
  shush !, 
  you know nothing , jon snow . 
  for those who do n't know , that is the guy from the `` russian roulette : the invasion of ukraine '' dispatches from vice news . 
   `` for the time being and in the next five years , not a single cubic meter of shale gas will be exploited in romania , '' - victor ponta no mate , there is no exploitation of shale gas in pungesti at all at the moment . 
  the locals would not allow it . 
  installing the machinery would certainly not take 5 years . 
  even so , they have n't even started to drill the wells yet . 
  i do n't know how i feel about the shale gas in pungesti . 
  if we 'd start to exploit it , then we 'd be off the russian gas for good and moldova as well . 
  not to mention that it would drastically reduce russian exports in the region entire region and we would make a lot of money from it . 
  yet , from an environmental point of view , it 's gon na be black death . 
  that region would become a very rich wasteland . 
  oh , and about the pm , well , he 's just trying to gain a little more popular support . 
  yep , he did . 
  you have to admit , cool video though . 
  those are romanian communist trains , dude . 
  they can pull the planet if they need to . 
  unfortunately , their max speed is around 5 km/h . 
  well , you should know that i 'm in the 67.3 % in this study . 
  i do n't know why 17 % of romanians view belgium negatively , but truth be told - and you have to admit it - belgium is quite boring and maybe that 's why . 
  even jeremy clarkson seems to think the [ same thing . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saohwrkpadm ), 
  i saw this on tv after the last census so i ca n't link you some actual statistics . 
  however , i googled this information and quite a few sites popped up . 
  [ here ] ( http://stirea.wordpress.com/2007/11/12/numarul-rromilor-il-va-depasi-pe-cel-al-romanilor-in-decurs-de-circa-60-de-ani-daca-indicii-de-crestere-demografica-se-mentin-la-nivelul-actual/ ) is the very first one . 
  i know this blog does n't inspire too much confidence , but it 's basically what all of them said . 
  also , it seems to be 2060 , not 2050 - my bad . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you are trying to say . 
  i was just telling you how gypsies look . 
  they are a different race . 
  if one is a romanian criminal one does n't become a gypsy . 
  one is still a romanian . 
  and if one is a gypsy university teacher , he is a gypsy , not a romanian . 
  being a gypsy is not a social stigma , ( even though recently that 's exactly what it has become ) it 's an ethnicity just like czech or german or russian . 
  i understood what you were saying and i said i highly doubt that those stereotypes are true . 
  i know some bulgarians but i never heard anything about `` westerny type '' stereotypes over there . 
  you did n't understand my comment . 
  i was n't talking about the uk . 
  the thread was about eastern europe . 
  i was talking about lithuania , bulgaria , turkey etc.
