  first of all , while there are indeed some problems with the romanian minority ( they do n't have schools and churches that teach in romanian ) , they are certainly not discriminated against . 
  they are not looked down upon in any way . 
  second of all ... invaded ? 
  dude that 's the reason why we get along with them . 
  we have n't fought each other almost at all , we have n't betrayed each other and about helping us - they actually helped and supported us more than any other country and we did the same for them ( political and economic support and trained volunteers during conflicts ) . 
  i know you do n't like serbs for whatever reason , but please stop talking shit and spreading false information . 
   the 1919 war , you entered banat ( western romania ) and started a ethnic cleansing ( ... ) to take the territories that were given by the trianon treaty , but decided on a small detour ) . 
  stop talking shit , mate and learn some fucking history . 
  when the serbs entered banat , it was n't yet part of romania . 
  banat at the time proclaimed independence . 
  also , do n't automatically assume that banat was 100 % romanian . 
  there were lots of serbs , germans and hungarians as well there . 
  they certainly did not start any ethnic clensing while they were there . 
  in fact , they treated the population quite well . 
  when the time came , the serbs agreed to divide banat alongside ethnic borders , thus giving us the much richer and bigger territory . 
  also , all this happened before trianon . 
  http://www.dcstamps.com/?p=1351 - more information about it . 
  i wanted to say moldova , but that kinda does n't count since we are more than brothers , we share the same blood . 
  i 'd say . . serbia ? 
  serbians and romanians were always bros. . also , maybe italy and france as well . 
  we are culturally related and we like them both . 
  unfortunately , lately , they do n't really like us back . 
  look at france 's map . 
  they called us brothers . 
  :  poor brothers , but brothers nonetheless . 
  aww . 
  i would be offended even if people would think we 're lithuanians . 
  that 's just ignorance . 
  that being said , getting called gypsies is much worse because of the connotations derived from that term . 
  when you call someone a gypsy , your opinion of them is quite clear . 
  serbia , of course . 
  kick their asses !, 
  well , i really hope it all works out for you . 
  may i ask in what country are you moving to ? 
  you were saying something about south america , i believe . 
  you do n't have to answer if you do n't feel like it . 
  i 'm just curious . 
  how long until you 'll be able to leave russia ? 
  i seem to recall seeing a comment of yours in which you said you wanted to leave . 
  any progress ? 
  how come ... ? 
  why ... ? 
  yep . 
  i would also like to add that since simona halep has been doing well , a lot of people started to watch tennis . 
  rape some american ass , you magnificent serbian bastards !, 
  gosh . 
  how did you pass first grade dude ? 
   are n't they just renault 's built in romania ? 
  i suppose they are , but then again if you apply that logic , every jaguar , aston martin and land rover are just fords built in the uk . 
  most car brands that you see on the streets are owned by another brand . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_largest_automotive_companies_by_revenue ) is a list with with the biggest car companies . 
  between themselves , they own the majority of car brands . 
  so no , they are not just renaults built in romania . 
  they are designed , engineered and manufactured by romanians in romania . 
  renault just owns the majority of shares in the company . 
  how should one pronounce ikea ? 
  this exactly . 
  you 're right . 
  thanks . 
  you 've read too much dan brown , mate . 
  so it has come to this ... a shame , really . 
  russians were not all that bad . 
  combined with sanctions from albania and moldova , russia is sure to crumble . 
  to be honest , i 'd be quite sad if scotland leaves . 
  pros and cons , political and economic incentives aside , i do n't like the idea of a uk without scotland . 
  taxi is such a good fucking band . 
  i used to listen to them a lot in my teenage years . 
  that something was n't built because of the eu ? 
  ... what . . ? 
  of course . 
  still , i 'm not quite sure what you 're getting at . 
  yeah . 
  however , it should be noted that most of that debt is owed to other countries within europe . 
  so most of that debt is internal debt when we talk about the eu as a whole . 
  what ? 
  really ? 
  and for good reason . 
  racism is stupid . 
  religion , on the other hand , is a real problem . 
  it certainly is a part of it . 
  the problem is that poland , the baltic states , scandinavia , the czech republic and slovakia are n't really seen as tourist destinations in romania . 
   romania is believed ( i do n't know if it still true ) to be one of the biggest sources of human trafficing . 
  it was true in the '90s , but it is n't true anymore . 
  one of the most common misconceptions is that in romania crime is rampant and that it 's very dangerous to live here . 
  that 's obviously not true . 
  romania is one of the safest countries in the world . 
  [ 35th now , but crime saw a rise when the economic crisis came . 
  pre-2009 , however , we were always placed in the first 20 or 30 countries . 
  ] ( http://www.visionofhumanity.org/#page/indexes/global-peace-index/2014 ), 
  self-hating and negativism is quite common for romanians nowadays . 
  that 's such a shit generalization on your part that i ca n't even begin to combat it . 
  speak for yourself - that 's the only thing i can say . 
  although that 's quite common nowadays with most europeans , i have to say that i was quite surprised to learn that poles have a much deeper than usual dislike towards us . 
  is there any reason for that ? 
  also , i 've heard that the mentality is slowly changing . 
  is there any truth to that ? 
   if your 11 year-old daughter is regularly raped by organised gangs of pakistani muslim men , should you be concerned ? 
  alba iulia is a town in romania with a very rich history . 
  that being said , i 'm not quite sure what the documentary is about . 
   for an average family of four ( 2 adults , 2 children ) maybe you missed this . . ?
