  the smell does n't stick around as it 's not smoke . 
  it evaporates quite quickly and does n't leave any trace or stench even if 20 people smoked them in a closed room . 
  also , do n't get me wrong , i understand that you 're not okay with people vapping near you , but i must say that most non-smokers told me that it smells quite good when i smoked near them and i tend to agree with them . 
   i honestly think nicotine is one of the stupidest drugs in existence , as it really gives no benefits or even any kind of high , it only relieves you of bad feelings that are caused by the addiction itself . 
  even though i 'm a long-time heavy smoker myself , damn you 're right !, 
  it 's such a stupid addiction . 
  however , for whatever reason i really enjoy smoking . 
  it 's not even a case of `` i ca n't quit '' - i can and i have for an entire year , but damn , those late-night cigs on the balcony with a hot cup of tea or in the morning with coffee . 
  ahh . 
  team europe ? 
  i 'm absolutely against european countries losing their sovereignty , but i must admit i 've always wanted a team europe in sports . 
  only when it 's not fucking banned . 
  i 'm not asking why did you invest in tobacco , i 'm asking why did you invest in something like that . 
  surely the percentage of people who use it is quite low and the potential market is not very big . 
  why would you invest in something like that ? 
   do you think they 're a viable alternative to regular cigarettes ? 
  they can be . 
  overall , they 're much cheaper than normal cigarettes . 
   do you believe it 's unfair not to regulate them as strictly as regular cigarettes ? 
   would you mind if someone vapped in the same room as you ? 
  absolutely not . 
  as far as i know , they cause no damage to the people in close vicinity of the smoker . 
  also , they do n't smell . 
  having been a user of e-cigs for about two years , my opinion of them is quite positive . 
  eventually i reverted back to normal cigs because even though i kept up with the newest products in the field , i felt like the technology was not quite there yet ( they 're actually quite reliable , but i 'm kinda picky ) . 
  i had to clean it quite often , a couple times it even leaked in my pocket ( had to say goodbye to two jackets ) and they were also too big , uncomfortable and awkward to be carried around in a normal pocket . 
  also , even though it 's said that they usually make people smoke less , they had the opposite effect on me . 
  after a short while of using them i was smoking constantly . 
  that being said , i was n't smelling like shit and i was n't spending so much money on cigarettes . 
  i still have one which i use from time-to-time when i run out of fags and i do n't feel like going out to buy another pack . 
   ugn\u0117 when i read that name i burst out laughing because something like [ this ] ( http://cdn.toonvectors.com/images/2/15080/toonvectors-15080-460.jpg ) came into my mind . 
  bloody hell !, 
  damn lithuanians man ...  ) p.s. 
  i realize that i might offend quite a few people . 
  please do n't take this the wrong way . 
  it 's a great name , but i find it terribly funny . 
  - i agree with you on the issue of independence . 
  - i do n't really care where the capital would be , so i propose alba iulia just to keep you happy . 
  - i do n't agree what you said about cluj ( as you probably saw in my other comment ) , but there you go ... 
  i moved in cluj almost 2 years ago and i love that city . 
  it 's much better than mures ( my birthplace ) , that 's for sure . 
  in fact , i ca n't even think of a better city in romania . 
  timisoara would be better if there were n't all those gypsy mafia families lurking around there . 
  i also have to disagree with most of your statements . 
  there are indeed some things which annoy me about cluj , but generally speaking , it 's probably the most `` european '' city in romania . 
  there are quite a lot of job opportunities way more than anywhere else in the country except bucharest , probably ( even though people in cluj have on average more disposable income than people from bucharest ) . 
  in almost every metric and statistic cluj is near the top . 
  it would have been a better joke if turkey was white . 
  nay . 
  it 's their choice , really and i 'll respect it whatever the outcome may be . 
  however , nationalistic bullshit aside , as an unbiased outsider , it seems to me that the negatives outweigh the positives . 
  the link you posted talks about extending the pipeline to chisinau . 
  iasi-unghieni seems to be finished . 
   bbc iplayer tv programmes are available to play in the uk only . 
  wales is very much a different story . 
  scotland has resources and a competitive economy . 
  wales does n't . 
  wales ' gdp per capita is around # 15,500 . 
  that 's comparable to eastern europe . 
  also , a large chunk of their economy is dependent on the uk . 
  really ? 
  so when do they plan to start pumping ? 
  thank you . 
  i really hoped serbia would win . 
  nevertheless , good job , lads !, 
  may i ask what 's the name of that song ? 
   a gas pipeline recently opened to moldova but it can only meet about 3 per cent of moldova 's total gas needs . 
  i 'm guessing that that 's a typo . 
  they probably wanted to write 30 percent . 
  at least that 's the figure i remember reading when the pipeline opened . 
  if i do n't remember correctly and that 's not a typo , then what fucking pipeline is that ? 
  why build it ? 
  look at those fucking headlines mate . 
  what 's that if not fearmongering and propaganda ? 
  language issue - yes , as i already said , that 's indeed a big problem and i do n't approve with the serbian authorities ' stance . 
  attacks - again , horrible , but those who did it where extremists and they clearly do not represent the majority of serbian population . 
  i actually had the pleasure of meeting some serbs . 
  they were extremely nice people , and , in their words - the average serbs ' opinion of romanians is quite good . 
  also , let 's not forget that there were attacks , murders and rapes of romanians ( actual romanians , not gypsies ) in italy , france and other western countries just because `` they were romanians '' . 
  yet you do n't seem to take those into account ( nor do i really want you to because , again , those were extremists and they do not represent their nationalities trough their actions ) . 
  discrimination : it 's not like every fucking nation in europe discriminates against romanians . 
  nooo ... we should hate only the serbs because they are the only fucking people who actually like us . 
  how dare they ?!, 
  i hope you understand what i was trying to say . 
  we are talking here about millions of people and each one of them is an individual . 
  yes , of course there are a few bad apples and some shitty situations , but on average , the serbs actually like us and we like them . 
  and that 's more than you can say about almost any other nation on this planet . 
  i ca n't cook goulash ? 
  i 'm part ~ ~ mongol ~ ~ hungarian . 
  i 'm also from transylvania ( and if you did n't know , we cook goulash here ) . 
  ps : ( serious ) i replied in good humor because of the nature of the thread , but for future reference - do n't forget that this is not / r/polandball . 
  never !, 
  well ... 
  i appreciate it , but i must admit i 'm not very stoked about it . 
  do n't mind him . 
  he 's talking crap . 
  there are indeed some problems with the romanian minority in serbia ( some of their cultural rights are being violated and such ) , but there 's certainly no `` ethnic cleansing '' happening . 
  for whatever reason , he has an irrational hatred of serbs ( i 've seen him around before ) and his opinions categorically do n't reflect the average romanian 's opinions . 
  what ... 
  stop eating up every piece of anti-serbian propaganda you can find .
