  i do n't know why you got downvoted . 
  you are right . 
  it 's quite strange that you spend so much time on this subreddit , yet you hate europe so much . 
  you do n't need any of those things to be called european . 
  if your country is within the european continent , then you are as european as they come whether you like it or not . 
  you have too much time on your hands dude . 
  i 'm going to sleep . 
  i do n't think it 's going to be romania , that 's for sure . 
  we 've gone conservative after sending a guy dressed as a vampire singing falsetto over a dubstep beat last year . 
  armenia 's song is my favorite ( mind you , i 've listened only to 7 or 8 of them ) so i hope they win . 
  wow . 
  quite a nice song . 
  a puppet of whom ? 
  i 'm calling bullshit on that . 
  let 's hope it is . 
  your president is quite smart . 
  in fact , i 'd say that both timofti and leanca are the best leaders moldova had since it gained it 's independence . 
  i did n't went full retard . 
  i analyzed all the pros and cons and i determined that it would be the best thing for romania . 
  also , quite a lot of political analysts , historians and professors seem to think the same thing , so i ca n't be very wrong . 
  i am a monarchist . 
  well , romania is european as well , is n't it ? 
  anyway , our situation might be a little better , but this happened very recently . 
  tons of corrupt people are getting arrested lately and the trend seems to continue . 
  i do n't know why this happened so suddenly , but i 'm glad it did . 
  yes , even with switzerland 's prices . 
  the median wage there is about 6000 euros , while here it 's more like 6-700 euros and a cup of coffee is about $ 1.5 in a coffee shop . 
  the prices might be more than 3 times higher , but the wages are 10 times the size . 
  at any rate , why are you being so contradictious ? 
  are you trying to convince me that romania 's universities are better than uk 's universities and that swiss income has more disadvantages than romanian income ? 
  oh god . 
  tell me about it . 
  we have the exact same problem here . 
  it seems that this is a problem in most - if not all - of central/eastern europe . 
  just to give you an example : romania 's economy grew by 3.5 % in 2013 . 
  this was the second biggest growth in europe after latvia 's growth . 
  it was a good thing , right ? 
  apparently not . 
  right after eurostat released the data , the complaints and the bashing began . 
  `` this growth is shit , pre-2008 we had growths of +7 % '' . 
  not to mention the political scandals ( `` how does the government dare to take credit for this growth '' ) and many , many other things . 
  yes , there are still lots of problems , but there are also lots of good things happening . 
  the corruption index is dropping , the economy is growing , the infrastructure is getting better etc. 
  but nobody seems to acknowledge these things . 
  i beg to differ . 
  while the situation here might be a tiny bit better , i can definitely relate to you . 
  i 've always liked uk 's system . 
  it 's brilliant . 
  well , if we had switzerland 's wages , tuition fees would not be a problem most of the time . 
  we already have a corrupt drunk womanizer as the head of state . 
  he might not be in office for life , but all our presidents until now were the same and the next ones probably wo n't disappoint either . 
  you might not like your king , but i like mine and i also like his daughter which would inherit the throne after his death . 
  also , neither of them are corrupt drunk womanizers . 
  elections are pointless if you have choose between a monkey , an idiot and a retard , so be careful what you wish for . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  first of all , because i 'm of the opinion that romanians should have had the option to choose their form of government after the revolution . 
  sadly , we did n't . 
  even though the revolution happened in 1989 , the king was still banned from the country until ' 92 . 
  when he returned in ' 92 , 2 million people were shouting '' majestate nu pleca !, 
  romania e a ta ! '', 
  ( `` do n't leave , your majesty !, 
  romania is yours ! '', 
  - it rhymes in romanian . 
  upon seeing that , ion iliescu ( the first president after the revolution ) , fearing that he might lose power , decided that it would be best to ban the king again . 
  so the king was banned yet again until ' 97 . 
  secondly , because it makes me sick to look at our political elite . 
  there is so much corruption , so many petty quarrels between them , so much stupidity and dumbness . 
  you might think - oh , those things are present here in belgium as well - but believe me , belgium 's political landscape is heaven compared to romania 's political landscape . 
  king michael is a honorable , intelligent , mannered gentleman . 
  he is far superior to the president . 
  for me , as a romanian , it would be a great honor to have king michael as the ruler of this country once again . 
  do you know the origin of the romanian word '' fraier '' ( sucker ) ? 
  it comes from the german `` freier mann '' ( free man ) . 
  in most of europe in the middle ages , if you had your own land and did n't have to work the lord 's / count 's / earl 's land to barely survive , you were a free man and that was a huge deal . 
  however , in romania , this was not the case . 
  it was simply too dangerous because of all the raids . 
  sure , you lived a much tougher life working the lord 's land , but you also had his protection and that meant you were not a `` freier '' - a sucker - and you were alive . 
  so stop with the bullshit . 
  sure , life was n't great in western europe either , but because of their geographical position , their lands were n't occupied 90 % of the time by nomadic warrior tribes . 
  i 'm not saying this is the only cause , but being the `` gateway '' of europe sure did n't help . 
  - germany 's infrastructure . 
  - britain 's universities . 
  - switzerland 's wages . 
  - denmark 's administration . 
  - finland 's education system . 
  - monarchy . 
  maria is the daughter of queen marie of romania and king ferdinand i. 
  they are the romanian royal family , not serbian . 
  nevertheless , you should have at least heard of maria . 
  she married alexander i of yugoslavia and became the queen of your country . 
  her son is king peter ii , the last yugoslav king . 
  i was n't talking about her mom though , but yes , you are right . 
  i mistook queen marie 's popularity with hers . 
  because she was stripped of her rights for political reasons . 
  her reputation was unjustly tarnished and now , the mistake has been mended . 
  also , for me personally , this is very important because she was the daughter of king ferdinand i of romania and she was greatly loved by our people . 
  that 's great . 
  i 'm really happy it happened . 
  same in romania . 
  i do n't know about slovakia and hungary , but in romania 's case , russia is n't a very important trading partner .
