  being obese is just as disgusting ( if not more ) as being a smoker . 
  it 's a choice in both cases . 
  shit like - `` it 's an illness '' is just idiotic . 
  sure , some people do have some medical issues which makes them gain more weight , but that 's a minuscule percentage , not 30 % of the fucking planet . 
  apparently , they are already ahead of you . 
   another likely member is turkey . 
  `` today , once again , nazarbaev raised the issue of turkey as a future member , an interesting prospect and not impossible now that turkey 's chances of accession to the eu are diminishing , '' cooper said . 
   another likely member is turkey . 
  `` today , once again , nazarbaev raised the issue of turkey as a future member , an interesting prospect and not impossible now that turkey 's chances of accession to the eu are diminishing , '' cooper said . 
  well , shit . 
  yeah , that 's true , i guess . 
  i meant `` dying '' as a figure/symbol , not literally dying . 
  poland can not into space , but it can into funny . 
  take a look at the comments again , mate . 
  they 're nothing but positive . 
  really ? 
  maybe you 're right . 
  in the '90s in romania there was a flood of american culture and media and nyc stood out the most . 
  maybe the influx of media in the country just balanced out as there are many more sources nowadays and new york does n't stand out as much . 
   maybe tokyo is up there too tokyo is the biggest city and economic center in the world , so i 'd say it 's up there . 
  i get the feeling that new york is dying . 
  when i was growing up , new york seemed to be the city , now it seems to be just a city . 
  i hear about cities like los angeles , london , tokyo , seoul , beijing , moscow , paris etc. 
  much more often than about ny city . 
  am i only imagining it or did you guys also noticed it as well ? 
  anyway , i 'm glad to hear that a european city became the `` dream city '' and overtook new york . 
  to be honest , i think that london would be a better capital for europe . 
  it would also have the bonus effect of stopping the british complaining about not being relevant in the eu . 
  they would find another reason to complain abut the eu most likely . 
  i guess everybody should start using cocaine ... ? 
  i clicked on `` find a job '' button to see what jobs are available . 
  i saw only posts for ceos , managers and senior software developers . 
  wtf is wrong with us ? 
  why are we giving them the best jobs in the country ? 
  joking aside , this is a very cool initiative . 
  often times , i get the feeling that western europeans see romania as being comparable to africa in terms of living standards . 
  having more western immigrants in the country might make people realize that it 's not that bad . 
  i understand your point , but just fyi , japan is still an empire . 
  [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymmdcj7nwz0 ) popped in my mind after reading the post . 
  i have n't heard this song in quite a few years . 
  i do n't expect anyone to know this artist , but it 's funny how i totally forgot about him for a few years and seeing this post reminded me of the song . 
  verhofstadt was my favorite as well , but because i dislike pnl , i did not vote for alde . 
  i was very close to do it though , yet i chose not to at the last moment just because i did not trust pnl . 
  now i 'm quite happy with that decision because i would have kicked myself in the balls if i voted for them . 
  it felt like quite a big thing this time . 
  those are some beautiful pictures . 
   lovely fa\u00e7ade !, 
  even though those were the better years of communism , it still was n't a utopia . 
  influenced , maybe . 
  certainly not dominated . 
  when the queen will start annexing parts of ireland , then rt can call the rolay family nazis . 
  until then , they should keep their head down . 
  well , i 'm quite disappointed . 
  i was expecting you to link me some british comedy show from the 80 's in which that was a punchline or something . 
  is that a reference from somewhere or is it just a reference to communism ? 
   if i said gypsies suck because of their culture , then you 'd have no problem with it ? 
  well , that 's basically what i said in my comment and he agreed with me . 
  i 've also noticed , lately , there are lots of americans around brasov visiting bran , rasnov , sinaia etc. 
  i 'm not from those parts , but i 'm visiting almost each year and i see more and more americans every time i go . 
  it might only be in my imagination , but thats what it seems like . 
  you also forgot bulgarians . 
  there are lots of bulgarian tourists coming here . 
  [ ( at the bottom of the article ) ] ( http://www.ziare.com/stiri/turisti/ins-din-ce-tari-au-venit-cei-mai-multi-turisti-straini-in-romania-1276101 ), 
  gypsies are a sensitive issue all across europe . 
  it 's clear that they are the most unwanted people in europe and i 'm of the opinion that we should play the `` politically correct guys '' and not talk about it . 
  there is a reason why they are unwanted . 
  it 's not like they 've done nothing and people just do n't like them . 
  that being said , only idiots think that they are lesser people . 
  they are not lesser people , they just have shit values . 
  in their community , it does n't matter if you beg or steal , but as long as you manage to buy a gold necklace or a nice car , you 're respected . 
  it does n't even matter if you have no money for food - if you have an iphone , you 're golden in their book . 
  however , you 're cool only if you stole it or if you fooled someone . 
  if you worked for it , you 're a looser . 
  some people might not believe it , but that 's how their society works . 
  so of course that if you grow up with those values , you wo n't be a great man when you 're an adult . 
  but they are certainly not lesser people . 
  there are lots of gypsies that were adopted when the communist orphanages were disbanded in romania . 
  because they had better influences growing up , now they are decent human beings . 
  last week i met a guy just like that on the bus . 
  he was adopted at a very young age , he was very intelligent and he had a degree in law . 
  so what i 'm saying is that i get why people are racist when it comes to gypsies , but you 're an idiot if you really think that you are more evolved than them . 
  their potential is equal to yours or mine , but they 're simply not integrated within the european society . 
  the governments should really work on it because this is a real and very serious problem . 
  you are a funny dude . 
  gosh . 
  might be . 
  i also remember in an episode of qi ( british fact show ) they said that the uk has the smallest houses in terms of size . 
  that seemed a bit fishy to me as well that the report said it 's denmark , not the uk . 
  the link seems to be broke for me as well now . 
  thanks for bringing it up !, 
  me too , brother . 
   * romanian doctors go to poland not really . 
  most go to the uk or ireland or to the nordic countries . 
  it 's a common assumption that romanians migrate to poland or the baltics because it 's better . 
  no one does that . 
  sure , it 's better , but why go to poland and earn a little more when you can go to sweden and earn 4 times the amount that you 'd earn in poland ? 
  there were some talks last year about raising the minimum wage for doctors to 1000 euros by 1 january 2014 . 
  it seems that that idea went to the toilet . 
  they will eventually raise salaries for doctors , but only when it will become a serious crisis . 
  mate .
