  this might be a good solution for austria , but it is n't for romania . 
  romania is already enforcing all of those things , at least theoretically , but we simply do n't have enough money . 
  even though they represent 3.2 percent of the population ( in reality , the percentage is more like 7 or 8 % ) , they are by far the largest prison population . 
  so for example , a gypsy steals something , gets caught , gets a fine , he does n't pay and he gets away with it because prisoners cost a lot of money that we do n't have . 
  of course , if you committed a serious crime , you are definitely going to jail . 
  same problem with children . 
  they get taken away , but only the most extreme cases . 
  if the government would take every child beggar into state care , then romania 's economy would crash . 
  first of all , educating and encouraging them to adopt the 21st century european values . 
  i do n't want , and would n't even wish for them to lose their culture and identity , but i 'd like them to respect norms imposed by modern society . 
  social programs for gypsies are everywhere in romania , to my knowledge . 
  and yes , some are successful , some are n't . 
  you can get trough to small communities and integration programs work , but there are also big and isolated communities which are much harder to reach . 
  some cities have entire gypsy neighborhoods in which when you enter , it feels like you entered war-thorn afghanistan . 
  you also can get a good beating in those neighborhoods . 
   wow , you 're seriously comparing deporting illegal migrants back to the country of their birth , where they 've lived for many generations , with deporting them back to a country where there ancestors came from thousands of years ago ? 
  they are not illegal immigrants . 
  they are european citizens , mate . 
  the french and british authorities give them around 300 euros each to return to romania . 
  some do , some do n't . 
  also , they have n't been here for thousands of years - more like a couple of centuries - and they are now migrating to the west . 
  they are as much romanian as they are english or swedish , you ignorant prick . 
   it 's ironic that you 're claiming to be civilised and yet you 're not recognising the romanian gypsy population as being romanian it 's because they are not fucking romanian !, 
  not even them see themselves as romanians . 
  they have their own flag , culture and language . 
   your language is bordering on the way the nazis described german jews . 
  have you even read my comment ? 
  i said that integration is the only solution , everything else is out of the question . 
   never mind thousands of years of co-existence , their culture is different so they ca n't possibly be legitimate citizens . 
  i do n't mind their culture ( music , clothing or dishes ) , but when your values are stealing and working as less as humanly possible , i have a problem with that . 
  and again , `` thousands of years '' . . wtf ? 
  do you have any basic knowledge about gypsies ? 
  you are ignorant on so many different levels , i do n't even know where to start . 
  not to mention you were very offensive , mr. `` politically correct '' . 
  i 'll be offensive as well . 
  on a serious note - yes , i 've thought about that and it might be the best solution in all honesty . 
  problem is ... who gib clay ? 
  i gave you my opinion already . 
  when i asked you what is your opinion , you said nothing . 
  you are the op . 
  encourage debate if you want serious talks . 
  nope . 
  then again . . would they notice a couple million more people ? 
  i have no idea . 
  what do you think it 's the best solution ? 
  there is no `` best solution '' , there is only one solution - integration . 
  we ca n't simply deport all of them to india , we are civilized - or at least we claim to be . 
  even though the french and the british authorities are using this method to send them back to romania and bulgaria . 
  integration would be very costly and it will take at least 50 years before it 's finished ( their very high birth rates do n't help either ) , but it has to be done . 
  and yes , this is a real problem , especially for romania and bulgaria . 
  it is said that romanian and bulgarian ethnicities will disappear because of their very low birth rates and migration and because of the very high birth rate of gypsies . 
  statistics predict that by 2050 the gypsy population in romania will equal the romanian population . 
  well , finland is quite big and has a small population . 
  i mean ... do you guys really need those territories in the north of the country . . ? 
  give them a couple of square meters , they 'll manage . 
  they even have their own kings - about 80 of them , all of them self-proclaimed , so the administration is set , they wo n't even need help . 
  nope . 
  romania is already a big producer and exporter of electricity and there are plans to expand existing plants and also build new ones . 
  so unless we experience economic and population growths of 50 % + in the following years , we are safe . 
  even though i hated it in school , j' aime fran\u00e7ais . 
  it sounds great , but it 's a pain in the ass to learn when you 're 12 and your computer is there , begging you to play starcraft . 
  yep . 
  same here . 
  i like moldovan . 
  it 's at least as cool as bosnian . 
  you should check it out . 
  [ i share stephen fry 's opinion when it comes to religion . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bralwqnf6os ) i do n't want to antagonize it , but i ca n't say that i 'm okay with it when , clearly , it has so many faults . 
  that being said , i ca n't say that i completely reject the idea of a higher being/power . 
  some people would argue that i 'm agnostic , not an atheist . 
  call me as you wish , but the fact of the matter is that i do n't agree with the moronic practices and ideologies of religion . 
  ps : i recommend watching the full speech ( including part 2 ) . 
  i regard stephen as being one of the greatest , if not the greatest , man alive today . 
  yep . 
  i know . 
  that 's what my friend says as well . 
  even though all nations teach `` sweetened '' history to their youth ( romania being no exception ) he got the impression that the hungarian history lessons tended to be more glorified and nationalistic than the romanian ones . 
  we learn about the huns and the magyars as being barbaric and bloodthirsty migratory tribes , while you learn about the `` great adventures '' and stuff like that . 
  even though i love history , i learned that it 's not very reliable . 
  we call the vlachs living in macedonia macedo-romanians . 
  i do n't know all that much about them . 
  there are lots of people around the balkans which share a common ancestor with us . 
  ( isto-romanians , macedo-romanians , aromanians , megleno-romanians etc. ), 
  i 'm from transylvania and one of my best friends is a hungarian . 
  hungarians here have the possibility to take hungarian classes if they desire . 
  he was in a romanian class , but he took both the romanian and the hungarian history courses in highschool because he was curious of the different povs . 
  he said that he expected some differences , but he was shocked when he realized that most historic events were portrayed not only different , but outright contradictory to one another . 
  so typical history stuff might not be very typical . 
  i know , but the scot probably does n't . 
  at least you guys know that our capital is bucharest . 
  people often mistake it for budapest . 
  gypsies , probably . 
  while i agree with you that romania and bulgaria entered the eu prematurely , you have to realize that ukraine is 2x more corrupt , 2x more destabilized and 2x poorer than romania ( in general , not even considering recent events ) so why would ukraine be better suited to be an eu member than romania ? 
  yeah , but would n't it be fun if we would make albania attack the us , for instance ? 
  or ^ at ^ least ^ hungary . 
  that means that we could pull `` a russia '' on them . 
  let 's try to demand tirana and see if they 'll give it to us . 
  or at least bully them into attacking somebody or doing something stupid for no reason . 
  i want romania to be stronk like russia as well . 
  well , [ yes ] ( http://www.eupedia.com/europe/maps_y-dna_haplogroups.shtml ) .
