  it seems to be quite stylish to claim that `` oh , romanians are seen like gypsies here in bulgaria '' . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  not to mention `` dirt poor '' and things like that . 
  we are poor , but not dirt poor and especially not dirt poor when you compare us to the rest eastern europe . 
  i mean , have you ever been to bulgaria , dude ? 
  i do n't want to be rude , but it looks like romania in the '90s . 
  in the west , yeah . . the insults make sense , but in the east - less so . 
  there are quite a few jokes like this one . 
  nice one , though . 
  yes , indeed it was the capital of the governorate , but not of romania . 
  i thought that you were saying that they planned to make odessa the capital of the country . 
  then again , if this study would take place in belgium as well , it would be me asking '' why would 98 % of belgians have a negative view on romanians ? 
  what the hell did we ever do ? '', 
  yep . 
  that 's quite unexpected . 
  well , i 'm glad that at least you had some pleasant surprises . 
  there was nothing pleasant in the `` how do eastern europeans view romanians '' thread :( . 
  i did n't expect much to begin with and i knew it would turn into a massive discussion about gypsies , but it seems that it makes you more cool and more in tune with the west to have a negative opinion about romanians , even though there is no romanian immigrant population to speak of in your country . 
  actually , morocco is closer . 
  well , i 'm reluctant to call them scientists , but i do have a couple of friends that are historians . 
  i will ask for their opinion on this matter . 
  you did n't have to rephrase anything . 
  i understood what you were trying to say . 
  i 'm guessing you work in this field ? 
  even so , i 'm still reluctant to accept what you 're saying . 
  that was actually quite funny . 
  especially because you 're russian . 
  romanians are not really that fond of ukrainians ( and that 's mostly because of your ( now former ) affiliation with russia ) . 
  other than that , ukraine is almost never discussed in romania . 
  i think we might even talk more about andorra than ukraine . 
  that has changed because of the recent events , of course . 
  even though we are not very fond of you guys , we sure hope you 'd kick some russian ass . 
  when i said alexander i was referring to hellens in general . 
  let me rephrase my comment :  yes they are , at least in part . 
  i think you do n't completely understand what those studies are trying to point out . 
  the greeks might not be the untainted descendants of the ancient greeks , but they certainly have some hellenic blood . 
  i know about the transnistria governorate , but there were never any plans to make odessa the new capital . 
  in fact , most people , both politicians and civilians , were opposed to the anexation . 
  it 's not about smileys , but i can definitely see that you 're not fond of romanians . 
  unfortunately , this is true only when you talk about white or black people . 
  there are lots of idiots who do n't realize that `` american '' is not an ethnicity . 
  you can be of indian descent and be an american , or you can be of japanese descent and you can be an american . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kti9o87ok_i ) is a great example from the young turks . 
  had a good laugh . 
  you have my upvote , sir !, 
   edit : i guess i was n't clear . 
  i 'm just saying modern greeks are not genetic descendents of alexander either . 
  yes they are , at least in part . 
  i think you do n't completely understand what those studies are trying to point out . 
  the greeks might not be the untainted descendants of alexander , but they certainly have some hellenic blood . 
  you guys are highly regarded in romania - all of you ( though i have to admit i have a soft spot for the scottish - love their accent ) . 
  or at least you were . 
  public opinion started to decline after the recent paranoia in your press about the first of january . 
  it 's declining even more because of ukip and the fact that they are basing their campaign on bashing romanians . 
  i do n't really dislike nigel and i agree with some of his ideas , but he is a bit of a hypocrite sometimes and i am quite certain that i could beat him to a pulp in a debate . 
  yep , sorry . 
  that 's what it says . 
  if it makes you feel any better , you should know that i do n't hate you . 
  at any rate , the difference is not that high . 
  sill , ca n't see why you would call us dirt poor . 
  also , from your comments , i get the feeling that you are quite hateful towards romanians . 
  why is that ? 
  yes , i understand what you are tying to say . 
  and yes , of course they are romanian citizens ( those who live in romania ) , but i ca n't bring myself to call them romanian . 
  i might be racist , i do n't know . 
  i certainly do n't think of them as lesser people , but i dislike thieves , and let 's be honest , most of them are exactly that . 
  if you are a moral , honest person with principles , then i would gladly bring you into my home regardless of your color or ethnicity . 
  i grew up in a town with lots of gypsies , so i know them well and there are , of course , very good people among the gypsy population . 
  however , most of them are n't and that 's just how it is . 
  i learned the hard way that i should cross the road at night if 5 gypsies are walking towards me on the same sidewalk . 
  also , i learned the hard way not to take shortcuts trough their neighborhood . 
  i love romania . 
  i even wear the romanian flag around my wrist . 
  i 'm that guy . 
  i 'm not a blind nationalist either , i acknowledge the multitude of faults that the romanian people have , but i am proud of my country anyway . 
  and that 's exactly the reason why i ca n't identify with a gypsy . 
  we are among the most hated countries in the world because of them . 
  i am shamed when traveling abroad by other people who disregard me immediately when i tell them where i 'm from . 
  well , at least we kicked your asses a few times in history . 
  not as many times as you kicked our asses , but let 's not get lost in details . 
  :d it 's quite strange that you see us as dirt poor as well , ( not that we are not ) because turkey only recently rose as an economic power . 
  you were dirt poor as well not long ago . 
  : / also , did you know that you guys brought here lots of gypsies as slaves ? 
  yeah . . thanks for that . 
   though i 've met no one who can define what makes roma roma . 
  i might sound like a racist dick , but ... what about skin color ? 
  they are usually a darker tone and resemble pakistani or indian people a bit . 
  dirt poor compared to croatia ? 
  i think not . 
  maybe poorer , but dirt poor is quite a stretch , mate . 
  truth be told , i 'd much rather live in my glorious country than your glorious country . 
  romanians are gypsies ? 
  i know a couple of bulgarians , but i never heard of this stereotype coming from bulgaria before . 
  you have your own gypsies and quite a lot of them , might i add , so you know the difference . 
  i never met a bulgarian that was shocked by the fact that i 'm white , yet it happens often to romanians in the west . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  i think you are just going with the flow . 
  easy to pronounce for you , because you are albanian . 
  there are quite a lot of similarities between our languages . 
  i 'd like to see a british or a german person pronouncing my name correctly .
