  it 's our 9th export partner and our 11th import partner ( and that 's mostly gas ) . 
  i never knew that . 
  the homicide rates seem to be closely liked to the economic situation . 
  i was just about to say . 
  are internet caf\u00e9s still a thing ? 
  you are quite wrong , my friend . 
  russia would never let go of transnistria that easy . 
  they would definitely lose more money than they would gain , but it has strategic importance . 
  i do n't agree with you on the transnistrian issue out of principle . 
  but if that does n't seem like a good enough reason for you , just give it some thought . 
  letting go of transnistria is n't very smart . 
  think about it - it would create another russian enclave on europe 's border , just like the kaliningrad one , out of which russia can make a thorn in our backsides . 
  overall , there were better photos , but i do n't think it represented us better than this one . 
  it underlined some extreme cases that , in my opinion , do n't even represent `` life in romania '' . 
  i 'm not talking about the drunk guy who pissed his pants - i think we all saw that at least once - i 'm talking about the gypsy kids living in the landfill . 
  i 've never seemed seen something like that in my life . 
  those were some really extreme cases . 
  that 's because there are only a couple of pictures of gypsies . 
  the rest are romanians . 
  from what i 've seen , the uk is also unable to fix the problem . 
  so is france , italy or spain . 
  your authorities `` deal '' with the problem by giving the gypsies money to come back to romania or bulgaria and that 's just simply stupid as they would go back to western europe with the first chance they got . 
  so do n't be a hypocrite and start criticizing me . 
  i 'm not complacent , i 'm just simply out of ideas . 
  taking into account romania 's economic situation , it 's just impossible to start such a massive and aggressive integration process . 
  however , it 's not like we are not trying anything . 
  as i said , there are quite a few rights and policies aimed at the gypsies and quite a few social programs , but so far , nothing works . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible in time , but i 'm quite certain that it 's impossible at the moment . 
  the problem is that we might not have very much time left . 
  forecasts predict that by 2050 the gypsy population will be equal with the romanian population in romania , as their birthrates are very high , while ours are very low . 
  you are an idealist . 
  first of all , our prison system can not rehabilitate anyone . 
  it 's the american-style prison system where the tougher you are , the easier it is for you in prison ( however , `` the soap '' is n't a thing ) . 
  so the `` bad boys '' that go in are even badder once they come out . 
  second of all , the government simply does n't have enough money to make something that big happen . 
  there are lots of policies and rights for gypsies that aim to integrate them in a modern society . 
  you might not believe it , but the state is spending loads already and it still has no effect . 
  you must also take into account that each family has more than 5 or 6 children . 
  what can the government do ? 
  take them all into care ? 
  they would just make ore and claim benefits ( that 's why they have lots of children ) . 
  and it 's not like the government would even have enough money to do so . 
  wow . 
  anyway , it 's not her . 
  a friend who used to be a classmate of hers in high school told me that it was n't her . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  they are not really romanian . 
  look - the fact of the matter is that our pride was greatly damaged after we joined the eu and the gypsies started to migrate . 
  your press , being politically correct , showed picture of gypsies and the headlines read `` romanians '' . 
  there were some instances when i told people that i was romanian and they checked their pockets or they gave me a distrusting look . 
  of course i will get defensive after being a victim of racist remarks because of a group of people which are not even native to romania , or to this continent , for that matter . 
  and i realize that there are real problems here and i like that the photographer showed both sides of romania , but i do n't like the fact that this title adds to the bad reputation that romania got because of gypsies . 
  the percentage of gypsies is n't even that high - maybe 5 % of the population - but they stand out because of the poverty they are enduring . 
  i swear to god ... 
  i think i know the girl to the left . 
  i wonder if this picture was taken in cluj napoca . 
  her name is delia - if it 's really her . 
  jeez . . weird . 
  edit : nope , i do n't know her . 
  i ran the picture by a friend who used to be her classmate in high school . 
  however , he said that the girl in the picture resembles delia very much . 
  he was saying that there are a lot of people in those pictures that are not romanians by ethnicity , just by nationality . 
  so , logically , the title should have been `` pictures of people from romania '' or something like that , not `` pictures of romanians '' . 
  you guys have gypsies in the uk , do n't you ? 
  how would you feel if this post was titled '' pictures of english people '' and half of the photos would contain gypsies digging trough dirt ? 
  putin visiting moldova is probably not something you should look forward to . 
  i saw this clip yesterday ; a friend of mine showed it to me . 
  he was telling me that those boys were gypsies and that woman was mentally retarded . 
  i do n't know if that is true . 
  apparently , he read it somewhere on facebook . 
  yup . 
  you are right . 
  sadly , there 's not much infrastructure for the disabled people . 
  the problem is that most of europe is very old and while the newer buildings have ramps and things like that , they were not thinking about wheelchairs 2 or 3 centuries ago . 
  all these things are true in romania as well , but there is one difference - we do n't congratulate someone after they stepped out of the shower/sauna . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  he might have . 
  that does n't mean that he is n't self-proclaimed . 
  the old fart just acknowledged it , he did n't proclaim that dude as king . 
  no , but seriously , mlrs systems always look great . 
  there are lots of gypsy `` kings '' and `` emperors '' and they are all self-proclaimed . 
  usually , they do n't intend to marry young , they are sold into marriage at a very early age . 
  when one is 10 or 11 i 'm not sure one can really grasp the concept of marriage . 
  romanians use lots of emoticons while texting . 
  if she uses ''  's and  's and :d 's '' it does n't mean that she 's flirting . 
  it does mean , however , that she 's friendly . 
  you can go from there . 
  about romanian dating culture - well , i 'm not the best guy to give advice on this matter . 
  :d however , it certainly helps that you are a foreigner . 
  i doubt that . 
  in moldova - the poorest country in europe , in urban areas people earned enough to live a quite simple , but modern life , while in rural areas people live differently . 
  in rural areas they live off the land and they keep livestock for food and trade . 
  in both cases , they certainly do n't die of starvation even though the people from the rural areas live extremely simple lives and have no luxuries to speak of . 
  also , they go to school and they have access to information . 
  of course , i was referring to those people in africa which leave in extreme poverty - and there are millions of them , not to the people that live , say , in johannesburg . 
  i bet that 's the case in kosovo as well . 
  i 'm sorry , but as i stated in a comment above , i could only watch about 40 seconds of the video and then i skipped to the end . 
  that is a good thing if they are really doing it . 
  about the link you provided - i was n't aware that such things happen in romania as well . 
  it sickened me .
