  romania has a good reputation when it comes to protecting wildlife . 
  that 's very bad , but it does n't even come close to the things in op 's article . 
  this was a paragraph from the link you provided :  right now , there are still around 10 bears remaining in illegal captivity in romania . 
  so yeah ... 
  i would n't say it 's quite as bad as in kosovo , but it 's still unacceptable . 
  edit : since that story , several bear sanctuaries have been opened and quite a lot of bears have been saved from zoos that are not up to eu regulations , plus the 10 bears that the article has mentioned . 
  dude . 
  nobody is saying that the majority of people in crimea did n't want independence . 
  the problem is how it was obtained . 
  the issue with crimea is that russia did n't respect ukraine 's sovereignty . 
  they broke international law and they took a shit on an international treaty . 
  crimea most likely would have seceded from ukraine anyway . 
  now , about moldova - i would n't recognize a 51 % in a referendum , of course . 
  those results would be definitely forged if they turned out to be 51 % . 
  i know moldova , i 've been there , i have friends and colleagues from there and i know their situation very well . 
  it would be impossible to get those results in a referendum as there are only 9.4 % russians there . 
  if the government of kosovo has taken a clear stance against this kind of things , then why do n't they simply outlaw such practices ? 
  why do n't they declare bears a protected species ? 
  look - if it were up to me , people like this would rot in jail . 
  that dude was a restaurant owner and he was keeping 2 bears in a tiny cage . 
  wtf ? 
  what 's the hard decision there ?!, 
  throw his fucking ass in jail . 
  no - the kosovar government does n't give a shit about this and in my opinion , they should give a shit . 
  this is disgusting . 
  are you ironical or are you agreeing with me ? 
  i 'm not quite sure . 
  that 's what i was thinking as well . 
  if moldova would vote 80 % in favor of joining russia , than that referendum is surely false . 
  i personally have about 30 moldovan friends in real life . 
  they do n't really like russia , you know ? 
  they are quite scared of what russia might do , actually . 
  after i posted my first comment , i clicked on the link again and skipped to the end of the video . 
  it was about this restaurant owner which kept two bears in a tiny cage . 
  even if , on average i have more money and i 'm a bit more educated than the average kosovar that does this things , surely , that dude is much richer than me and probably is at least mildly educated , yet he is still practicing animal cruelty . 
  i 'm condemning their system - not them - because it allows such things . 
  yes , there are those less educated who might not realize the gravity of their actions , but there are those who profit from this . 
  i do n't know why , but i feel like you , and the people who are reading my comments ( because i got downvoted ) do not understand what i 'm trying to say . 
  that 's the one . 
  yeah , i 'm sorry , it was n't . 
  i saw afterwards . 
  about the numbers - well , i got them from google . 
  search zakarpattia oblast demographics . 
  the propaganda for that war was insufferable in the west and people genuinely believed it . 
  look , they are right , serbia has done terrible things , but what they fail to see is that both sides have done terrible things . 
  you might be right , but it 's clear that this map was drawn on ethnic principles , for sure . 
  the dude who proposed it is a notorious idiot and probably does n't even know much about his country 's national interests . 
  it was probably a coincidence that this map coincides with them . 
  he saw a larger russian population and decided that that region was going to be russian in his plan . 
  what i was trying to say is that eastern europe is poor , but people are educated nonetheless . 
  there are institutions and laws in place . 
  in africa , people are poor as in starving . 
  literacy levels are different , and the society is different . 
  romania is poor as well , but this shit is definitely illegal and it would put you in jail for quite some time . 
  it does n't have anything to do when with poverty once you pass a certain point on the `` poverty scale . 
  \u00cf am considered poor by western standards , yet i have a smartphone , a car and i can afford to go see a movie in 3d whenever i please . 
  i might not have as much disposable income as you , but i 'm not sure that i can be placed in the same category as starving children in mali . 
  i am familiar with that idiot . 
  however , i was talking about this picture . 
  the map is wrong . 
  the map which i described is the real proposal . 
  i know , but that was historically a slovak region within hungary . 
  anyway , this proposal was based on ethnicity because , for example , budjak ( south of moldova ) was definitely a historically romanian/moldavian region , yet there are more russians than romanians living there now , so they did n't offer that region as well . 
  and because there are 4 % more hungarians than slovaks in zakarpattia , they probably figured they 'll give hungary the region . 
  i 'm not a serbian and i do realize that something had to be done . 
  however , i feel that serbia and serbian people in general were too badly punished for something that they did not control . 
  this was just another proxy war between russia and america . 
  the media coverage regarding that war was spewing with western propaganda . 
  war crimes were committed on both sides , yet the political bias was obvious . 
  do n't forget , the dictatorial regime was responsible for the crimes , yet the serbs paid a heavy price . 
  radical nationalism is just a reactionary effect of humiliating and downgrading a nation . 
  can you really blame them ? 
  i 'm going to get downvoted to oblivion and back for this comment , but that 's my opinion . 
  it 's not at all populated by hungarians . 
  there are only 6 % hungarians in the entire oblast . 
  then again , there are only 2.2 % slovaks . 
  it 's wrong . 
  the proposed border ran from odessa oblast in the south to the north-east along the current oblast borders . 
  so it was more-or-less diagonal . 
  that is generally true . 
  however , none of the european nations are africa poor . 
  none of them are so poor that their population can not distinguish right from wrong . 
  this is just ignorance , stupidity and barbarism . 
  i 'm so fucking angry that i feel the need to break someone 's head . 
  this is fucking barbaric . 
  i closed the tab about 40 seconds in as i could n't watch anymore . 
  i 'm usually not a violent person , but when i see people practicing animal cruelty i ca n't help but feel that they should be treated the same . 
  i , like everybody else , was aware that switzerland has a diplomacy of neutrality . 
  even so , nobody said nothing about it ? 
  jeez , you guys are more neutral than the stereotype depicts you to be - and that 's an accomplishment . 
  how did people react in switzerland ? 
  that 's still a big number . 
  but why are you so defensive , lad ? 
  should n't zakarpattia oblast have been offered to slovakia ? 
  it was a slovakian region , was n't it ? 
  and , yes , i do realize that this proposal is crazy and does n't make sense , but that was the first thing that sprang to my mind . 
  haha . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  i have a question though . 
  is this subject talked about a lot in italy ?
