  do n't be . 
  they wo n't bother , that 's for certain . 
  and if war breaks out between russia and europe , then we will be in the middle of it regardless . 
  it 's not really a rift . 
  they have some of our land . 
  that 's not the problem , though . 
  most romanians do n't care at all . 
  a few years ago , the un ruled in our favor in a territorial dispute between our countries . 
  it was about a tiny island in the black sea . 
  after that , state propaganda against romania began in their media , bashing us to high heaves . 
  the ukrainians were constantly told that we want our lands back and that our media is constantly attacking ukraine and making territorial claims . 
  of course , that 's was not true at all . 
  ukraine never came up in the news , and romanians do n't really care too much about those territories , we care about moldova . 
  so , there you have it . 
  romanians did n't care much about ukraine . 
  the so-called `` rift '' was on their side , not on ours . 
  probably , but as the president said , moldovan politicians must stop pandering to the kremlin . 
  they must pick a definite stance if they want protection for their country . 
  they are not ready to do that , of course , because they love power . 
  at any rate , whatever might happen , romanians ( the people ) would most surely step up to help . 
  as we did in the transnistrian war , where there were lots of romanian volunteers . 
  if you are interested in romanian views regarding crimea , well , we do n't love the ukrainians but we absolutely hate russia , so there 's that . 
  romania is in favor of eu sanctions, 
  i know how that feels . 
  that 's so damn frustrating . 
  i do n't know what happened , but in the last 1 or 2 years things are getting better in romania . 
  we ranked 1 place above the us in the world press freedom index , the economy is starting to grow nicely and loads of officials were jailed for corruption . 
  i suspect it 's just because the presidential elections are near . 
  nonetheless , i really wish it all plays well for bulgaria in the future . 
  it 's understandable why your government does n't want to impose sanctions on russia if you guys are so dependable on their gas . 
  what i do not understand is why they would want to further the economic relations between your countries . 
  that 's diplomatic suicide . 
  it really raises a red flag . 
  :( i 'm going to cry myself to sleep tonight . 
  yup . 
  that would be reason enough for me to vote no on the referendum . 
  what about your press ? 
  what did they had to say ? 
  did they condemned it or was is like - '' eh , russia , ukraine , crimea , let 's go to sports '' ? 
  haha . 
  it 's much more complicated than that , but yes , that 's the gist of it . 
  :d also , they were not romania since forever , but they were romanians since forever . 
  we speak the same language , we have the same ancestry and we were one country before wwii when the russians annexed moldova . 
  so , yeah , we are bffs . 
  i remember reading that we 'll start extracting in 2018 . 
  do you know , is that correct ? 
  also , it said that it will be enough for us , moldova and some more for exports within the eu . 
  wtf ? 
  no branches in romania ? 
  do n't worry , you probably are . 
  nope . 
  it would never happen . 
  russia would lose their only friendship with a country that matters . 
  never !, 
  the romanian army would march over the prut once again if that were to happen . 
  sadly , both moldova and romania would probably bite the dust , but we would march anyhow for our brothers , do n't doubt that . 
  he warned that if this continues , romania will not intervene militarily in the event of russia `` pulling a crimea '' on moldova . 
  still , romania might not intervene , but romanians will . 
  so romania is in the first place alongside netherlands ? 
  yay !, 
  see ? 
  not affording cars can have good consequences . 
  maybe our politicians are not incompetent after all . 
  maybe they are just green activists . 
  interesting . 
  they seem to be consistent with their poor taste after they get rich , regardless of the country they live in . 
  it was not legal . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  it was n't at all legitimately . 
  they got rich by stealing from the state after the fall of communism and now after all the scrap metal thing is over , they used the leftover money to build networks of child thieves and beggars in the west so that they can still make money . 
  i 'm not trying to antagonize them , but that 's the reality and they admit to it . 
  i 'm aware , i 'm romanian . 
  but stealing scrap metal only started their businesses . 
  most of them consolidated them by building networks of child beggars and thieves . 
  as you said , nowadays , there is not much left to steal so their money comes from those networks . 
  the unfortunate reality is that the money which were stolen from british , spanish , italian and french pockets by gypsy kids are in the walls of these grotesque houses . 
  really ? 
  i 'm ashamed to admit , but i 'm not that well versed when it comes to that war . 
  i just know what was said in the media . 
  being younger , i was n't that interested at the time in world events . 
  haha . 
  wtf ? 
  no , i was referring to the 2008 war . 
  i know there were not 5000 civilians killed , i was just exaggerating . 
  nope , that part is true . 
  ossetia and abkhazia were occupied by armed rebel forces , so they went in with the guns . 
  afterwards , the russians went in with bigger guns and 5000 civilians were killed . 
  well , first of all , georgia is less important and nato members did n't want to take too many risks because of it . 
  second of all , georgia used the military to regain the territories which were under rebel control and that gave russia more legitimacy - a casus beli if you will . 
  third of all , even though they did nothing , nato was not amused . 
  and if russia has the balls to invade ukraine , they 'll have the balls to do other things . 
  remember , this was not the first time they 've done such a thing ( georgia , moldova , chechnya ) , but this time they went too far . 
  this time it 's too big , there have to be repercussions . 
  nope . 
  georgia is considered to be a part of europe . 
  but that language already exists - it 's english . 
  this is the 21st century , mate . 
  i can translate texts with my phone . 
  i do n't think that language is a major barrier to european co-operation . 
  why would it be ?
