  alexander the great conquered the world at 26 . 
  the age does n't really matter as long as he is good at what he does . 
  let us hope he is . 
  italy deserves it . 
  i never heard of poutine , but after a quick search on google , it seems that you can have it in romania . 
  i do n't know a great deal about merkel , but from what i can see , without her , the union would go to shit . 
  first of all , compared to most countries , our loans are tiny . 
  second of all , never make a deal with russia . 
  have n't you learned anything from history classes ? 
  we , romanians , should know best . 
  imf is heaven compared to them . 
  you have to look at the big picture . 
  even if we loose 2 or 3 years of economic development , it might be much more profitable to help ukraine . 
  good neighboring economies help our economy . 
  plus , if russian influence is pushed back , it helps us ( romania ) greatly from a diplomatic point of view . 
  i have a question . 
  how are the russian people reacting to this ? 
  are they pro-yanukovich are the mostly siding with the protesters ? 
  what is the general feel in the country ? 
  i do n't have a tv , so i do n't know what cernea is really doing . 
  i 'm just reading stuff over the internet . 
  the ideas that he is promoting are great - far better and more innovative than most . 
  i 'm not disrespecting a whole nation , in fact , i 'm a nationalist . 
  but most romanians are very narrow-minded ( look at the opinions of romanians towards gays and religion ) . 
  also , yes , i do think i 'm smart and i have a mensa diploma to prove it . 
  public bathrooms . 
  you are right . 
  it does give people the wrong impression . 
  he is my favorite politician . 
  i love his ideas and i agree with all them , but he is too much of an extremist for such a narrow-minded population . 
  yep , we could help you . 
  let 's reunite !, 
  i was just about to write a similar comment . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  quite ironic coming from an american . 
  happy ` birthday ' , lithuania !, 
  all salaries here are quite small , but proportionally , compared to the west , the doctors and the teachers get really screwed . 
  that being said , if you are in the private sector , you earn shitloads here as well . 
  well , i do n't think they work for the state , but they need to work under supervision for quite some time , as far as i know . 
  sorry , i do n't really know how to describe it better because there are some technical terms which i do n't know to translate into english and i 'm too lazy to search on google . 
  :d in any case , you are quite old by the time you get your license . 
  and one more thing - i really do n't think that the medics in portugal are as badly paid as they are in romania . 
  when i said 1200 euros , i meant the median salary - that means i 've taken into account the really big ones . 
  you certainly wo n't be getting that without at least 10-15 years of practice . 
  the situation is about the same in romania . 
  the only difference is that med schools are a bit more expensive ~ 3000 euros . 
  the other ones are about the same , maybe a bit cheaper than in your country . 
  this is probably due to the fact that med schools here far better than anything else and competition is high with more than half of the students being foreigners . 
  the only problem is that even though we have great doctors , the wages here very low and most of them prefer to go abroad to practice medicine . 
  the average wage of a doctor in romania is about 1200 euros . 
  yep , that makes sense . 
  and that was the argument too , i seem recall . 
  there are a bunch of sports which require strength . 
  yeah . 
  i had about the same experience as you . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why not just make it available everywhere ? 
  i would sooo subscribe to netflix . 
  great news , indeed . 
  i hear that on average , the people in basque are the strongest people in the world . 
  have you ever heard of this ? 
  is that true ? 
  stupid question , i know , but it seemed interesting when i heard it . 
  i do not agree . 
  it 's been a long time since i saw quality content on tv . 
  it seems they are not really romanian . 
  they all have hungarian names . 
  haha . 
  loved it !, 
  you do n't know the horrors , boy . 
  haha . 
   ) actually , you probably could because there are enough smaller economies . 
  i would say liberia would take some thought process . 
  yeah . 
  it 's not too bad . 
  their economy is doing quite well . 
  tourism and the mining industry are booming and it 's quite democratic . 
  unfortunately , they have a big aids problem . 
  come on greece !, 
  get your shit together !, 
  you are one of my favorite countries . 
  haha . 
  at any rate , better than western europe . 
  if you ever somehow catch signal from romania , set your tv on fire . 
  it 's soooo bad . 
  only old people watch it . 
  the only channels worth watching are history , national geographic , discovery , etc. 
  and sports channels if you are a sports fan . 
  yeah . 
  you are definitely right . 
  yes , you are right . 
  there are regions in china which rival even the western world . 
  but still , a large percentage of the population is poor . 
  and that 's exactly the point . 
  on average , you are still better off in romania , even though they have some areas which are far superior to any romanian city . 
  yeah . 
  i agree . 
  ukraine has a lot of potential . 
  too bad the russians interfere in their politics and administration . 
  yeah .
