  umm ... sure . 
  so is it bad that i got a router ? 
  i 've decided that i 'll support independence in catalonia because the word for platypus is the same as in romanian . 
  so there , in my book , you guys are already independent . 
  how can they lock them down ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  non-configurable ? 
  ( free router ) that 's a great deal seeing as 1 gb routers are fucking expensive . 
  those are very good news !, 
  the reason why i got so many downvotes is probably because they took the texas comparison in a wrong way . 
  nice pictures . 
   is n't that tall building the one that was heavily damaged during the bombings ? 
  if so , wow , i 'm impressed with the rehabilitation . 
  i have no idea what 's the situation like in texas . 
  i just took it as an example of a southern , conservative , anti-progressive state . 
  :d at any rate , it seems like i got lots of downvotes , however , what i wrote is true . 
  [ the uk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:european-union-renewables-new.svg ) has the 3rd lowest percentage of renewable energy production in the eu . 
  i was n't trying to be mean and i 'm terribly sorry if i offended anyone . 
  wow . 
  poland seems quite determined in their resolve . 
  while the polish government is defending their national interests , the romanian government is trying to convince the people what a great thing it would be if we would let foreigners extract our shale gas and our gold trough questionable methods . 
  this might be the incentive that uk needs in order to push for renewable sources of energy . 
  for whatever reason , the united kingdom seems to be the texas of europe when it comes to green energy . 
   outdated institution which gives the us too much leverage over western europe . 
  yet it saves our asses ( the central and eastern part of europe ) . 
  even though , on average , monarchies are doing better than republics , i 'd say it 's a by-product of already being well run countries . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.savethechildrenweb.org/sowm-2014/#78/z ) is the full 2014 report . 
  vampires ? 
  really ? 
  that 's quite a shit fact . 
  but , take them , take them all if you want them !, 
  otherwise , quite interesting . 
  i knew some of them though . 
  does nikola sound japanese to you ? 
  it 's a serbian name . 
  it would be disastrous for both europe and russia and they most likely wo n't do it . 
  at any rate , i 'll try to amuse you . 
  i see people here comforting themselves in the comments , saying things like `` oh yeah , it 's only 27 % . 
  that 's not that much overall . 
  we 'll just turn the heater down a little and it will suffice '' ( of course , i 'm paraphrasing here ) . 
  true , that 's not that much overall , but the grids are not that well interconnected , so entire regions might be deprived of heating . 
  that would be a real tragedy if it were to happen during the winter . 
  people would start to die within weeks , if not days . 
  there wo n't be time to call up the americans and to ask them to amp up their lng production . 
  i really doubt it would happen , though . 
  not to mention that energy dependency on russia is declining fast , so we 're probably safe . 
  the only problem is that europe is n't very attractive anymore for eastern migrants . 
  why would it be ? 
  asia is growing like a motherfucker . 
  it 's getting better with each passing day . 
  the only asians that are interested in coming here are indians and people from central asia . 
  it would be cool to be able to buy a house with a coin , though . 
  yep . 
  i 'm not judging you guys . 
  i was just making fun of your politicians . 
  i 'm glad that the uk is doing well . 
   ukip are never going to be in power . 
  for the good of the british people , i really hope you are right . 
  be careful for what you wish for because it might come true . 
  you seem like cerebral guy , yet you are making excuses for the grotesque shortcomings of your preferred political party . 
  take this advice from a random stranger - be objective and think for yourself . 
  also , stop making excuses for idiots ( even if they share your views ) . 
   but still to welcome immigrants ( obviously depending on factors like the needs of the economy , the ability of infrastructure to cope with population changes and so forth ) . 
  no , i get that , i really do . 
  i am all for immigration control between nations especially when there are such large gaps in wages within the eu . 
   i want the uk to leave the eu . 
  again , i respect that . 
  i am of the opinion that if a country wishes to leave , it should be able to . 
  however ... ukip mate ? 
  you do realize that their entire campaign is based on people 's ignorance and carefully selected statistics . 
  do you really trust a party which relies so heavily on propaganda to get it 's votes ? 
  they are hypocrites and morons - unfortunately , charismatic ones , it 's got ta be said . 
   nobody bashed eastern europe . 
  hahaha . 
  oh , really ? 
  that 's your problem mate - you do n't look in your own back yard before criticizing others for theirs . 
   worrying about unsustainable amounts of immigrants are you really worried that 28 million people will migrate from romania and bulgaria ? 
  guess what - it wo n't happen . 
  in fact , people are returning home . 
   also the only ` bashing ' was done by ukip , who are n't even counted as politicians because they have no mps . 
  not yet , but in the eu elections at least , they are topping the polls . 
  wtf are you on about ? 
   how the fuck are you a mod ? 
  what were you saying about shitposting ? 
  what 's wrong with giving voice to his opinion ? 
  especially if it 's a valid one . 
  this sub is about communication and debate . 
  if you do n't share his views , that does n't mean he is shitposting . 
  yes , i 'm aware that gay = / = transsexual . 
  that 's why i said that i was talking metaphorically . 
  let me rephrase my comment :  i 'd imagine that you 'd be grateful that i 'm respecting ** all ** people , regardless of their sexual orientation * or way of life * . 
   this sort of ostricisation is exactly why the eu is beginning to be despised by a good chunk of the people . 
  the same sort of ostracization is the reason why a good chunk of people despise the uk . 
  i should add that i 'm not part of that chunk and that i was only joking . 
  you feel insulted that i made a little joke about the hypocrisy of some of your politicians , yet your media and political elite specialize in bashing eastern europeans . 
   well obviously the poster wants you to say exactly that i think you did not understand the poster , mate . 
  jobbik is a radical party with a nationalistic anti-eu agenda . 
  this poster basically says - `` do you choose europe and it 's fags or do you hungary and stick to traditions ? '', 
  i do n't really understand what your problem is . 
  i simply stated that i respect everyone 's sexual orientation and this is not a choice between the good and the bad .
