  since their independence , they 've made lots of idiotic territorial claims on romania . 
  they also did n't like us very much and they were always happy to show it ( officially and otherwise ) . 
  admittedly , it 's probably because we kinda killed lots of them during ww2 . 
  basically , we were never friends with them . 
  they could both say the same thing about romania . 
  libya is richer than romania and it always has been in the past 2 or 3 decades . 
  admittedly , our gdp ppp per capita is a little higher because everything is cheap here , while in libya things are quite expensive . 
  belarus , on the other hand , always has been much poorer than romania . 
  fortunately for them , recently , they 've made a ton of progress - economically and otherwise . 
  plus , they have n't been hit very hard by the economic crisis . 
  we , on the other hand , have been fucked up really bad . 
  we will return to 2008 economic levels only in 2015 . 
  that means that we lost 7 years of development while they lost only 2 ( they had only 1 year of mild recession and managed to recuperate from that in the summer of 2010 ) . 
  so yeah , they kinda caught up to us . 
  those songs are fantastic !, 
  you are right , the last one you linked is very similar to generic romanian folk songs . 
  however , i liked the first two songs much more , to be honest . 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  i 'm quite surprised that liechtenstein ranked only 10th in europe . 
  i do n't know why , but i expected them to be in the top 5 . 
  it only goes to show that stereotypes and preconceptions are exactly that - stereotypes and preconceptions . 
  serbians are actually great people . 
  they sound similarly to romanian folk songs . 
  at least these newer `` party folk songs '' do . 
  could you link me to a really old serbian song ? 
  and i do n't mean from 30 years ago , i mean from 100 or more years ago . 
  :d thanks !, 
  strangely , i greatly enjoyed the the last song you linked with the old man singing it . 
  oh , and of course , ievan polkka is great . 
  folk as in traditional or folk as in the folk genre ? 
  i do n't listen to romanian traditional music , but recently , there have been a number of artists combining elements from traditional music into their songs or that remix old romanian songs . 
  their work is quite great . 
  [ here is an example of such an artist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwcsdap5gkw ) [ this one is a classic romanian folk song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqpvqbh4zra ) [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fip9vuoideq ) is called `` the free dacians '' and it 's one of my personal favorites . 
  gosh ... 
  i could go on forever , but i 'll stop . 
  the folk genre is one of my favorite genres of music . 
  i have so many great memories singing with my friends around the campfire when we used to go in the mountains . 
  edit : i get the feeling that this post was referring to traditional music . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/fabr1s/videos ) is a youtube channel with really old romanian traditional songs . 
  well , i stopped growing completely when i was about 13 or 14 . 
  umm ... yeah ... sorry about that . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lhb42xrifu here 's a compilation with all of romania 's anthems . 
  1862-1884 - mars triumfal ( triumphal march ) 1884-1948 - traiasca regele ( long live the king ) 1948-1953 - zdrobite catuse ( crushed handcuffs ) 1953-1977 - te slavim , romanie ( we praise you , romania ) 1977-1989 - trei culori ( three colors ) 1989-present - desteapta-te , romane !, 
  ( awaken , romanian ! ), 
  i have n't yet heard a better anthem than [ ussr 's one . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sxtbfeydo0 ) romania 's anthem is ... well ... decent . 
  i 'm not ashamed with it and you do get the chills when it 's sung by a choir at an event . 
  it 's quite patriotic as well , but not overly so . 
  i 've read quite a few comments from hungarians now and i think i know the answer and no , it 's not this . 
  there are multiple and complicated reasons and also , a lot of hungarians seem to agree with me that he is a piece of shit . 
  also , as a side-note , socialism is n't the same thing as communism . 
  romania had a tougher regime than most soviet bloc countries , yet no one has any problem with voting a socialist party as there is no confusion between them and the communists . 
  and believe me , romanians really hate the communists . 
  tudman was in power in croatia until the day he died and probably would have still been today had he been alive . 
  and we all know he was no saint . 
  the un clearly declared that if he was alive , he would have been convicted for crimes against humanity and ethnic cleansing as they now have more than enough evidence to prove it . 
  look at you own backyard before criticizing your neighbor 's . 
  again , ( as you do n't seem to understand ) i 'm not saying the serbs were or are innocent . 
  they have committed crimes , but so have the croats . 
  rather that deflecting all the blame on the serbs , you guys should take some of it yourselves and things certainly would get better in the region . 
  be objective , look at the full story - not just your side of it and afterwards forgive . 
  this goes for the serbs as well . 
  the region would be so much better if people would think like that . 
  it would also have the bonus effect of un-demonizing serbian people in the eyes of the international community . 
  the two world wars are entirely different and personally , i do n't really care who takes the blame for them because germany is certainly no longer viewed as `` evil '' anymore . 
  on the other hand , the serbs are clearly viewed as such . 
  there is also a big difference between germany and serbia . 
  while germans are entirely forgiven for their past actions ( and rightfully so ) , and it is due to the rhetoric of `` hitler and the nazis were the bad ones and the german people were only victims as well '' . 
  the serbs however , were condemned directly and their nationalistic attitude certainly does n't help them improve their image today . 
  that 's what i was pointing out in my original comment . 
  i understand , you 're croat , but not acknowledging real history certainly wo n't help with the ethnic tensions in the region . 
  it worked for germany because the scapegoat ( nazis ) no longer existed , however serbia and the serbs are still there and being condemned for everything that has happened in yugoslavia and thus fueling nationalism on their side . 
  hahaha !, 
  that 's the `` toohappy '' daniel in action . 
  ( you probably wo n't know what i 'm talking about , but trust me , it 's funny ), 
  scrapping off dust ? 
  it seems quite counter-productive to do it seeing that the dust is worth so much . 
   ) seriously though , i do n't think you quite understood my comment or the joke that it contained . 
  i was commenting about the fact that in the video , the reported started to scrape off the dust from one of goering 's bottles . 
  the other guy immediately stopped him because the bottle was worth 25,000 euros and not because of it 's vine ( as the vine inside is long `` dead '' ) , but because of it 's age ( it 's dust ) . 
  so i calculated how much the bottle was devalued because of the reporter who scrapped off the dust . 
  i started writing a long reply , but i realized it would be quite pointless . 
  at any rate , i was n't trying to bash the other yugoslav republics . 
  i was bashing the fact that the west was fed one-sided bullshit as coverage for that war . 
  i 'm not saying that the serbians are not to blame - not in the least bit . 
  of course they are , but the blame is spread across all of the ex-republics and certainly not limited to serbia . 
  `` the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing . '', 
  obviously the quote is a bit extreme to be attributed to this situation , but in essence , it is the same thing . 
  but with nut-jobs like this , are n't you guys afraid for your civil rights and liberties ? 
  to me , it 's quite clear that this sort of iliberal democracy is n't working . 
  it 's not improving your lives in the least bit . 
  you just need 5 minutes to look at some reports to see it . 
  the press freedom index is classing hungary lower and lower with each passing year . 
  there is lots of propaganda . 
  also , after the fall of communism , hungary was one of the most developed states in central/eastern europe . 
  however , since 2000 , hungary 's gdp per capita grew by only 7 or 8 percent in comparison with eu 's gdp per capita . 
  the percentage in the rest of the ex-communist states is 25 % + . 
  you have already been overtaken by most countries and romania is just behind . 
  also , as a part hungarian and part romanian from transylvania , i do n't like the nationalist rhetoric coming from hungary in the least bit . 
  some hungarians here ( the sz\u00e9kelys in particular ) bite into the propaganda and seem to be under the impression that hungary is some sort of paradise and if they 'll manage to join it , all problems would go away .
