  really ? 
  i did not know that . 
  so will this be the most powerful supercomputer in europe ? 
  actually , here 's a good question - how powerful and how many supercomputers are there in europe ? 
  i know that romania has one and that it was ( or still is ) the most powerful supercomputer in eastern europe , but i do n't know about other supercomputers in europe . 
  smart guy . 
  it 's not , unfortunately . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i 've looked it up . 
  it 's quite a disappointment though . 
  i would have loved it if it were true . 
   this means that by 2017 , there will be no reservists who would be generally considered to be fit for immediate duty . 
  i do n't think you understand how our army works . 
  we gave up on conscription , but that does n't mean that we gave up on the military . 
  instead of being forced to join the army , those 68 000 active troops joined on their own accord . 
  they will serve for a certain amount of time , then they 'll get out and be considered reservists . 
  we will not run out of reservists in 2017 . 
  what is this argument about , anyway ? 
  are you trying to prove to me that estonia is stronger than romania ? 
  or maybe you 're offended that i said that estonia has only 3200 troops ? 
  if that 's the case , i 'll change my statement . 
  estonia is the greatest power in the world . 
  better ? 
  my comments up until now have been more or less on the `` playful '' and `` joking '' side , but you seem to be quite serious and quite stingy about this . 
  is [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10tfxce1k4i ) belgrade serbian ? 
  if not , link me something . 
  as i stated in a previous thread , my favorite language is french . 
  however , my favorite accent is moldavian . 
  probably most of you are not familiar with it , but it sounds like romanian with a russian accent . 
  because of this , when moldovans make jokes , it 's twice as funny for me . 
  edit : among the english accents , scottish is my favorite . 
   that is n't hungary so austrians are a bit biased , are n't they ? 
  what ?!, 
  hahahah no way dude !, 
  i do n't believe it . 
  the czech republic is one of the countries that you hear the least about here , in romania . 
  probably most romanians know more about czechoslovakia than the czech republic . 
  so there are n't that many stereotypes or opinions on the czechs . 
  most people know about the prague spring in ' 68 , but that 's about it . 
  i ca n't connect to that source you provided . 
   if you have no conscription , then where do you get your reserves from ? 
  well , first of all , we had conscription in the past . 
  second of all , what does it have to do with the reservists ? 
  the reservists are those who served in the past , do n't serve any more and are under a certain age . 
  since i wrote that comment all estonians want my head . 
  your country is strong , guys . 
  i did not say otherwise . 
  you have a good military spending and excellent troops . 
  anyway , no mate - those professionals you were talking about are not in addition to the 3200 . 
  those 3200 ( actually , they are about 3800 - just visited the defense ministry site ) are the entirety of estonia 's active personnel . 
  also , you just added up some random numbers and pitted them against romania 's active personnel during peacetime . 
  if you want to compare our 65 000 active personnel , ( which are actually 68 000 ) you need to do so against your own active personnel . 
  would you look at that !, 
  estonia 's active personnel is more than 20 times smaller than romania 's active personnel , despite the fact that estonia is only 15 times smaller and also has conscription . 
  edit : happy now ? 
  i feel like a 3 year old kid arguing with his friend in kindergarten about whose father is stronger . 
  i was not aware of the fact that estonia still has conscription . 
  yeah , sure mate . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  even though they do n't bring up romanians and bulgarians all of the time , ( even though they do bring them up at times ) it 's quite clear which are the targets of their rhetoric . 
  do n't get me wrong , as i already stated above , there are some things that ukip is preaching which i agree with . 
  i already replied to the other guy who brought up the reservists . 
  at any rate , do n't worry mate . 
  with or without an army , estonia , latvia and lithuania will most likely face no threats to their independence . 
  russia would not dare to attack the baltics as they are very much a part of the western world . 
  that 's because of the conscription in soviet times . 
  that number will drop radically in the following years . 
  not to mention that most reservists are quite old already and they would certainly not be an elite force . 
  in theory , that sounds like a good strategy . 
  in practice though , it 's not that great . 
  i 've done it myself a couple of times and it has n't worked for me . 
  the books bored me to oblivion . 
  it 's quite shitty to read a book when you already know what it 's going to happen . 
  it 's better , at least for me , to watch a show when you already know what it 's going to happen . 
  i 've watched the first season - great show - but i did n't like it as much as i liked the books . 
  i will probably get around to it though , because all my friends are watching it and doing `` game of thrones night '' and things like that . 
  i will say that it was a very smart decision on my part to read the books . 
  first of all - because they are better than the tv series and second of all - because i can always gain the upper hand in arguments by threatening people with spoilers . 
  ( i 'm evil like that   ) i never spoiled anything for anybody though . 
  i think they can . 
  even though most gypsies are talked about as being romanian in the media , there are sometimes cases where they just call them gypsies . 
  i forgot about the reach . 
  it 's been a long time since i 've read the books ( have n't watched the tv series ) and i totally forgot . 
  i was just applying logic to an old romanian saying . 
  but yes , i suppose that romania would be the reach of europe . 
  oh , right !, 
  i totally forgot about that . 
  yes , we have \u021a\u0103rile de jos as well . 
  come to romania sometimes . 
  it 's quite a nice and peaceful place actually . 
  and if you do , try to walk trough a gypsy neighborhood . 
  i 'm almost certain that you would at least be robbed if not attacked by these `` settled '' roma . 
  and actually , in romania , the traveling gypsies are usually the more ok folks , even thought they are loudest ones and they wear funny and colorful clothes . 
  there is a saying in romanian when talking about bastards . 
  `` copil nascut din flori '' which means '' child born out of flowers '' . 
  so keeping that in mind , i suppose '' jon snow '' would be '' jon flower '' . 
   note that gypsies is n't the same as roma though . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it very much is . 
  [ look ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people ) it up .
