  depends on your age . 
  wan na party , go to events , get drunk ? 
  cluj and timisoara would be the best choices . 
  lots of students in these cities and lots of stuff to do . 
  wan na go sightseeing , visit museums and see a bunch of cool buildings ? 
  sibiu ( definitely best one in this category ) , sighisoara , brasov and quite a few others . 
  i guess so , but tbh , he has the charisma of a brick . 
  do n't need a clown ( like the last one ) but a little more energetic would be nice . 
  well , i am transylvanian myself and that 's how people here act in general . 
  very laid-back , very chill , we talk slowly etc. 
  however , this dude takes it to another level . 
  i voted for klaus and to be honest , he did n't really disappoint me ( nor did he impress me , for that matter ) so far . 
  but at any rate , he 's soooo ` effin boring . 
  really ? 
  i mean . . you might be right . 
  i just had the impression that britain fared better than the other western european economies . 
  deploy the luftwaffe ... ? 
  i see a lot of criticism here regarding the article . 
  yea , there were some mistakes , but they are easily explainable by the fact that the article is a couple of months old , probably . 
  other than that , i found it a good read . 
  after we were hit by the economic meltdown in 2008-2009 , britain has been performing better than all other large european economies . 
  this comes as no surprise . 
  and i am genuinely happy that you guys are doing well . 
  agreed . 
  but fortunately , the new generation of historians differ greatly from the old one . 
  i 'm talking here about 30 years and younger . 
  i now study archaeology at ubb in cluj after studying engineering , so i met quite a few of our new generation of historians . 
  pleased to say that the shadow of communism is no longer cast upon these young people 's views . 
  so in regards to this issue , trust me on this one , we 're definitely headed in the right direction . 
  only problem is that it will take about 2 more decades till our generation will completely take the wheel from the old one . 
  i had no idea that this was a thing . 
   first time i hear about this . 
  i do n't thing this is a big concern in romania about this issue , if it exists . 
  it 's actually discussed quite a lot , but does n't get huge amounts of attention . 
  definitely true . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  indeed . 
  a real disappointment for our european heritage . 
   on a side note , why is this ? 
  was n't romania overrun by slavs and various tribes ? 
  the idea that they always considered themselves the descendants of rome is a bit of an overstatement . 
  there was , i guess , the idea from quite early on , but it did n't caught on till the 18th century . 
  the reason behind this is simple - language . 
  romanian , even now , is very similar to latin . 
  even more so than most other romance languages . 
   was n't romania overrun by slavs and various tribes ? 
  for sure . 
  more than most other european regions , in fact . 
  and that 's also the reason why they did n't have a bigger impact on the `` romanized '' population that lived here . 
  this region is on the edge of europe , so nomadic tribes kept coming and coming and coming . 
  none of them actually settled here because they kept being pushed by others that came . 
  the few that remained , simply got assimilated . 
  the only ones that came in very big numbers and actually left a mark on our culture and language are the slavs . 
  but even they did n't really settle here and the slavic influences in our culture mostly come from being neighbors with slavs . 
   why would they think of themselves as romans when they were not a part of the byzantium empire ? 
  romanians did n't think of themselves as the descendants of the roman empire . 
  just the descendants of the romans that lived on these lands . 
  damn . 
  i 'd love to join , but i have stuff to do . 
  qq maybe i 'll be there at a later date . 
  have fun !, 
  i do it the same . 
  i agree that the protests are not a circlejerk . 
  however , you got ta get off from your high horse . 
  you poor soul ... 
  that simply can not be right . 
   we already have lots of unemployed spanish youth coming here for work . 
  do we . . ? 
  if the economic crises would n't have happened and the growth rates remained the same as back then , then yea . 
  romania would have been in better shape than most of eastern/central europe and about the same as your average southern european country by now . 
  of course , knowing what we know now , that would have been very unlikely even if the economic crisis would n't have happened . 
  where is my schengen ? 
  yep . 
  no , spain . 
  i just came back from sarmizegetusa . 
  we had a short campaign to open a new section at the domus procuratoris ( and enlarge and clean up an older section of it ) which we will finish digging during the next campaign in august . 
  another archaeological team is opening up a section south of the forum during our break . 
  i can say that the ruins do indeed need better preservation . 
  however , rebuilding them on top of the roman ruins ... well , you can guess my opinion about that . 
   jet gerglish . 
  exactly . 
  let 's be honest , the european identity is a very shallow concept at this time . 
  nobody identifies more with europe than they do with their own country ( understandably so ) . 
  after quite a long time on being undecided on the issue , because of different factors , i realized that i would like a closer europe . 
  however , i also realized that currently , that 's quite unlikely to happen due to the lack of a european identity that i mentioned above . 
  the eu might decide to take steps towards that objective , but in my honest opinion , it would be very risky in the context of the current ideological mindset of europeans . 
  it might work , but it might also divide us forever . 
  so what would it take in order to make europeans feel . . european ? 
  well , let 's look at the usa , for instance . 
  before the civil war , us citizens identified much more with their state than they did with the federation . 
  the collective effort that they put in that war made then an extremely united country afterwards . 
  another example would be canada in ww1 . 
  the canadians , as some of you history buffs might know , fought with a tenacity rarely encountered during the first world war , but that 's besides the point . 
  they went to war for britain . 
  they went to war divided . 
  however , they returned united . 
  as a canadian veteran of war put it after a battle - `` we went up the ridge as albertans and nova scotians . 
  we returned as canadians '' . 
  and there are lots of many other examples such as these . 
  i think europe would need to go through something similar ( as an united entity ) in order for us to be truly united .
