  however , you would n't believe how much the country changed in the last 10 years . 
  also , do n't think that all romanians shit in makeshift toilets outside the house . 
  the cities are developed . 
  the major romanian cities have a higher gdp per capita than the european average . 
  it might not look like it , but that 's because most of the money goes towards subsidizing the villages . 
  i saw that you are quite confused about the situation , so i tried to explain . 
  i do n't know if it makes much sense seeing that it 's 3:30 am and i 'm almost falling asleep writing this . 
  maybe he confuses bits with bytes . 
  oh , yes , i know . 
  there are some villages that are heaven on earth . 
  however , most villages are not like that . 
  wow ... 
  that 's great , it really is , but it seems somewhat redundant . 
  who will use them ? 
  there are very few young people left in rural areas and they are moving out as well . 
  i have n't heard of that kind of bread ( neptun ) . 
  the reason i reacted that way is because you were talking about sliced bread like it 's the pinnacle of development . 
  in my home town , the most popular type of bread is sliced bread . 
  the company that produces is a local one and they 've been doing it since the early '90s . 
  it 's fucking delicious . 
  so from my perspective , nobody in romania buys un-sliced bread . 
   until ** de ** next romglish strikes again . 
   at least in bucharest and the major cities they are doing that in small towns as well . 
  at least back in my hometown they are . 
  lyon metros are cute . 
  what ?!, 
   and your point is ? 
  wtf ? 
  he was asking a question , not making a point , dude . 
  whenever i see data about the percentage of internet users , i always think `` that ca n't be right , everybody i know uses the internet '' . 
  but then i realize that for my grandmother , a nokia 3110 is high-tech . 
  and she grew up in a town , not in some remote village . 
  even some middle-age people are reluctant when it comes to technology . 
  thank you . 
  it 's a second hand 159 from the netherlands . 
  it 's black . 
  i love it !, 
  it 's a fucking beast . 
  it 's the first car that i personally own . 
  until now i drove my mom 's old car - a peugeot 206 .  ) the only problem i have with it is that the visibility is shit . 
  i ca n't see anything when i 'm backing up from a diagonal parking spot . 
  the fact that it 's fucking huge does n't help in the least bit . 
  that 's awesome . 
  this spring i bought a new car . 
  i was considering buying an electric one , however , i decided against it because there is n't much infrastructure here for electric cars . 
  another reason was that i do n't know of any good electric cars that are also cheap and i did n't want a hybrid . 
  side note : at any rate , i 'm happy with my purchase . 
  i went with top gear 's advice and bought an alfa romeo . 
  it has n't broken down yet , so that 's good . 
   i 've heard that the 1870s and 1950s ( or 1960s ) were kinda nice too great point . 
  i 'd like to add a few observations to this statement . 
  in the '50s , romania experienced the good kind of communism . 
  there was real progress , the country was recouping nicely from the war . 
  unfortunately , that did n't last very long . 
  in the 1860s-1870s there was a lot of progress as well . 
  there were lots of reforms which brought us in line with the rest of europe . 
  a kind of modernization , if you will . 
  however , lots of people confuse that modernization period with the golden age of the 19th century . 
  it was n't so . 
  the age of stability and growth was actually from the late '70s to 1914 . 
  that was the period when romania experienced an extreme economical , social and cultural growth . 
  and , of course , as you said , the 1920s and the 1930s were by far the best period of our history . 
  if push comes to shove , azerbaijan will probably get help , indeed . 
  however , i do n't think the west would intervene just yet because armenia is n't a lost cause . 
  let 's not forget that a few years ago ( 4-5 maybe ? ), 
  armenia was on the `` western path '' . 
  with all these sanctions , the eurasian union might not fare too well , so armenia might have another mood swing . 
  not a very well known band , but they are great guys and i like their music . 
  i actually met them . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifr3uv_c2ki [ bonus song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qkqszop5u8 ) . 
  this one is not romanian , but i love it and i had to share it . 
  i do n't know if you are required to do extra stuff if you 're mailing alcohol . 
  actually , i do n't even know what i need to do to mail anything . 
  i never did it . 
  :d that 's why i 've changed my mind . 
  it 's too much of a hassle . 
  well , if it 's not too much of a hassle , you should resume it . 
  i saw that someone else posted some news this week ( and i really appreciate it ) , but it was only 4 links . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nagorno-karabakh_war however , this is not their first war . 
  there was another one from 1918 to 1920 which resulted in the sovietization of the two countries . 
  that war too , was largely orchestrated by the soviet union . 
  basically , russia has manipulated those two countries for the past 100 years locking them in a frozen conflict on territorial grounds . 
  my first thought when i read your comment was '' i 'm going to pm him about his address and send him a bottle a wine '' . 
  i was about to do it , but then i realized how much work that would require . 
   ) so i changed my mind . 
  oh , well ... it seems we wo n't get anymore news from romania . 
  / u/bezbojnicul was also quite good at selecting news , however , he stopped doing it as well . 
  9km in 1h ? 
  that 's like running for 1 hour with 40 kilos of crap on me . 
  they have cars in the army , do n't they ? 
  i 'm a pretty good driver . 
  maybe they 'd let me drive a humvee ? 
  also , my iq is quite high . 
  ca n't they make me a general or some shit ? 
   ) on a serious note - i really hope this situation will de-escalate . 
  i do n't really expect any big war to start , however , you never know . 
  b-b-but ... muh news !, 
  a buffer in the caucasus is very important for russia . 
  they will be able to forward their interests in the region without getting their hands dirty . 
  if they do n't have that buffer , or if that buffer is held together with duct tape ( like armenia will be if azerbaijan goes full rambo on them ) they will have to do it themselves and that 's never good .
