  also , how did the italians react to venice 's sudden rebellion ? 
  if this would turn into a war , than nuclear winter awaits . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 've seen some idiots here , but still , we ca n't just simply accept what russia did . 
  i do n't think the war is going to happen either . 
  but have you read his other comments ? 
  he might not love russia , but he seems quite sympathetic towards it . 
  what russia is doing is condemnable at least and i disagree completely with his opinion . 
  poland 's stance is this conflict was honorable . 
  was n't bulgaria a communist country as well ? 
  do you really like russia that much ? 
  well , i can understand why serbs would be more sympathetic towards russia than towards nato . 
  i would be as well if i was serbian . 
  my question was quite idiotic . 
  it is a good thing that serbia wo n't impose any sanctions . 
  it 's not in your national interest at the moment and it 's not like putin would retreat from crimea if serbia would impose sanctions . 
  that being said , russia is not a good option for serbia . 
  people must forgive and forget if they want a better , more democratic future . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.visionofhumanity.org/#page/indexes/global-peace-index/2013 ) is the entire world . 
  europe is doing very well overall with france being the lowest ranked country within the eu and denmark the highest . 
  also , i find it quite strange that kosovo has a higher rank than macedonia . 
  as i romanian who has visited most of europe , i concur with the westerners who think that way . 
  on average , women in the east look much better than those in the west ( of course , there are exceptions on both sides ) . 
  at the same time , men from western europe , on average , look better than men from eastern europe ( and this is hard for me to admit because i 'm a male ) . 
  in scandinavia , both men and women are very pretty . 
  damn nordics , always the best at everything . 
  why is that ? 
  my goodness !, 
  we really dodged a bullet there . 
  dude , if i had any reddit gold , i would have given it to you . 
  yuo are of genius !, 
  that is true . 
  however , there is a lot of plain corruption as well . 
  yay !, 
  i just realized i made a terrible confusion . 
  in their '94 constitution it says that their language is moldovan , but their '91 declaration of independence says it is romanian . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.moldova.org/court-ruled-romanian-as-moldovas-official-language-240511-eng/ ) you have an article regarding the court 's decision . 
  i got the polandball reference , do n't worry . 
  and yes , you are technically correct , as i said . 
  this is actually central europe . 
  as for the part of not wanting to be described as `` eastern europe '' , well , if that means europe , but poorer and with grey concrete blocks , than i 'm clearly in eastern yurop and it does n't matter if i want it or not . 
  it always was in the constitution . 
  the problem was that communist propaganda enforced the idea that moldovans are not romanians , they have nothing to do with romania and they did not speak romanian , they spoke moldovan . 
  of course , this is absurd , it is exactly the same language with a bit of regional accent . 
  i can understand them and they can understand me . 
  the supreme court recognized this absurdity and ruled that moldova speaks romanian just as the constitution says and that there is no such thing as a moldovan language . 
  geographically yes , politically - not so much . 
  yes , yes . 
  i am aware of this phenomenon . 
  the nazi comparison is n't even relevant to my comment . 
  i just brought it up because op did . 
  i was n't talking about the basis of their actions , i was talking about their actions themselves . 
  if you take that into consideration , you can easily draw parallels . 
  i hope it all plays out well . 
  i would like to point out an error though - in the moldovan constitution it says that the language is romanian , not moldovan . 
  even though one can spot a lot a similarities between today 's russia and nazi germany , the situation is totally different . 
  the world economy of today is much too globalized . 
  russia does not seek a world war and it does not want to annex europe . 
  that would be suicidal and if it happens we will probably spend christmas in a nuclear winter . 
  that is why they are willing to take some risks , because nato knows the perils of an eventual conflict and does not want to respond militarily . 
  if nuclear weapons did n't exist , even europe by itself could roflstomp russia . 
  so is the worry valid if russia does n't intend to go too far with their expansionism ? 
  definitely !, 
  even though they wo n't go very far , they are still willing to go further than they are at the moment . 
  ever since it 's creation , russia yearned world domination . 
  now , that might never happen , but it 's sure as hell that they 'll try to get as much territory and the influence that comes with it in order to become a real `` player '' as the us and europe are . 
  i have watched quite a lot of british tv and while that is true , it 's nothing compared to the negativism here in eastern europe . 
  it 's exactly the same situation here , in romania . 
  only negativity and pessimism and not acknowledging anything good that happens . 
  indeed he is . 
  gagauzia has a population of 160.000 . 
  how could they support an army ? 
  they would have anyway , with or without our sanctions . 
  you 're so fucking ignorant . 
  it would be a waste of my time to try to explain why you are wrong on so many different levels . 
  i was saying that they wo n't retaliate if romania imposes sanctions . 
  that 's what the argument was about . 
  the dude to which i replied was saying that he wishes there were no sanctions . 
  i do n't know the reason why , but i 'm assuming it 's because he is afraid of russia and that 's stupid . 
  they will not attack because of that . 
  i do n't really understand your stance is this comment . 
  it seems that you are arguing with me , yet you are saying the same thing . 
  i 'm all for taking the threat seriously . 
  that 's what i 've been saying . 
  this is a serious threat and we must take action . 
  have you ever looked at a map ? 
  do you see romania 's geographic position ? 
  we would definitely not be able to stay out of the war if it did break out . 
  getting moldova is in our best interest . 
  we simply could not `` get it '' because they were , and still are in russia 's grip . 
  we 're backing the wrong guys ? 
  wtf ? 
  we backed russia for 40 years and that did n't do us any good at all . 
  call me crazy , but i prefer the life i have now 100 times more than life before the revolution . 
  oh , and i was n't talking about social influence , i was talking about political influence , the worst kind of influence . 
  no more dacias for you , russia !, 
  so take that !, 
  why is that ? 
  we are not dependent on russian gas like other eu countries , we have more legitimate concerns than most of europe ( moldova ) and it 's in our interest to lower the russian influence in the region . 
  this will hurt our economy , but it must be done . 
  are you afraid that russia will attack us ?
