  that goes for serbia too . 
  i heard that your country is also starting to do well . 
  we also need rich neighbors , especially ones which have a great diplomatic relationship with us . 
  you are right . 
  but my anger is not without reason , you should know . 
  i am a student studying engineering and working to earn cash to keep myself in the university . 
  i never stole anything in my life and i 've never beaten anyone in my life , except for 1 punch in self defense . 
  yet , i have to cross the street when a group of gypsies come my way . 
  moreover , when i travel to western europe and tell people that i 'm from romania , they 'll check their pockets . 
  i know i 've received a different education from them and i should not judge , but still dude ... 
  it 's very hard . 
  i live in mures county in romania - the county with the second largest gypsy population and i can tell you that even though not all of them are jackasses , most are . 
  and by most , i mean like 99.9 % . 
  the other 0.1 % of them usually agree with me . 
  they are the ones that saw from an early age that their cultural values are wrong and educated themselves . 
  which is very easy for a gypsy btw , because in romania the gypsy minority has a lot of rights . 
  including guaranteed spots in any high school and university and everything is subsidized . 
  when you are told as a child that the less you work the better off you are and that stealing is ok , you will not be a role model after you grow up . 
  so yeah , while it 's very sad that this happened , they brought it upon themselves by holding on to medieval and nomad values . 
  quite sad , but it 's the truth . 
  they are unwanted people . 
  i agree . 
  well , at least , as you said , you have this to brag about now . 
  but wait !, 
  was n't finland the country with the most metal bands per 1000 inhabitants ? 
  that 's still something , right ? 
  and i get the feeling that you guys will keep that title for a looong time . 
  you are # 1 in education , are you not ? 
  and wait-wait-wait !, 
  since when the dutch drink more coffee that the finns ? 
   ) okay . 
  thanks dude . 
  you are perfectly right . 
  it probably wo n't be . 
  but as i said , most places i visited in europe were big cities . 
  great for sightseeing , but bad to live in ( in my opinion , of course ) . 
  of course , that 's what i was talking about . 
  safe as in all-around safe . 
  a smaller town is usually much safer . 
  dude , i 'm not talking about the city centers . 
  i 'm talking about the city as a whole . 
  do n't tell me you can walk freely at night in all neighborhoods . 
  what about the islam extremists in some parts of london imposing sharia law ? 
  what about the famously-dangerous paris suburbs ? 
  of course , london and paris were just examples . 
  all big cities have dangerous locations . 
  cluj-napoca ( my current home ) would be my choice . 
  around 300.000 inhabitants - not too big , not too small . 
  it 's an university town , so most people here are young . 
  it 's actually gon na be the european youth capital in 2015 . 
  lots of pubs and clubs so it 's as active during the night as it is during the day . 
  i might be biased , but i visited most european countries and as much as i loved london or paris i would sure as hell not want to live in those crowded and dangerous places . 
  my idea of a perfect city is a medium-size university town and while i 'm sure there are lots of those in europe , i 'm familiar with only 3 , all of which are in romania with cluj being the coolest one . 
  had the same feeling . 
  a big number of things affect the birthrate . 
  but i 'd say that economy does play a big role within an educated society . 
  poland 's gdp might be on the rise and the life quality of poles might have increased as well , but most people seek financial security before having children . 
  with a 4-800 euros income per month , one does not feel secure enough , usually . 
  i 'm not certain of the situation in poland ( the example you gave ) , but here in romania that 's what 's happening and i suspect poland can relate . 
  indeed , probably exaggerated . 
  but still , birthrate among immigrants must be much higher than french average , right ? 
  i would assume so . 
  it 's hurting our economy , actually . 
  the cleanest major city in romania is ( in my opinion ) sibiu . 
  also , from what i know ( and there is some scientific explication for this ) , it 's much easier for us romanians to understand other romance languages than it is for them to understand us . 
  oh , that is indeed the question of all questions . 
  [ coming soon . 
  ] ( http://ziaruldearges.ro/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/catedrala_mantuirii_neamului.jpg ) the romanian orthodox church is guided by `` bigger is better '' . 
  [ this ] ( http://media2k.rtv.net/image/201601/w400h400/cmn3_28038600.jpg ) is a pic of what it 'll look inside . 
  i hate it . 
  i hope it crumbles . 
  it 's settled then . 
  italy - historic hungarian land . 
  to be fair , it was a warning , not an insult . 
  `` do n't be '' . 
   the finnish navy flagship pohjanmaa participated in some big navy gathering and people mistook it for an escort ship , asking when the flagship would arrive . 
  well , it is a minelayer . 
  stop believing every piece of propaganda . 
  it 's true that our navy is n't as big as it used to be during communist times , but it 's decently robust from a regional point of view . 
  see ? 
  wanting transylvania back is useless , guys . 
  all we have is mountains . 
  better go for croatia . 
  i thought you simply use `` royal navy '' . 
  from what i understand , the ships depicted here are only the classes . 
  i think the numbers in parenthesis will show you the number of ships in each class . 
  / u/d _ mitch lol wut . 
  so you 're the guy that made all of these . 
  damn ... good job , buddy . 
  done . 
  thanks . 
  never talked to a kyrgyz . 
  how 's the weather ? 
  pff , bucharest . 
  stop dragging us down , you barbarians . 
  #clujmasterrace . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx68an51zro not my style , but for some reason quite catchy . 
  this is about it . 
   at least it 's not moldova . 
   the biggest of which were hungarians ( even according to a romanian census done after the war ) first piece of bullshit .
