  they control the bosphorus though , so they can block the russian navy and their trade in the black sea . 
  they do have some leverage . 
  well , the situation is quite disturbing . 
  the `` x '' on the doors is a message . 
  in wwii times , stalin deported almost all of crimea 's tartar population to siberia and populated it with russians . 
  that 's the message . 
  turkey used to own crimea and has a responsibility towards the tartars . 
  this is a direct insult to turkey . 
  that 's why i asked if there was any response from the turkish government and that 's why the joke made sense . 
  i was referring to this particular situation with the xs on the doors . 
  that 's a direct slap on the cheek for turkey . 
  definitely not the russian army . 
  probably the ethnic russians from crimea . 
  even though there are a lot of russians there who do n't approve of the russian military presence there , there are lots of radicals who relish it . 
  i just saw a news report from vice - they filmed a russian woman trying to enter a military base to give some provisions to her ukrainian husband . 
  some of these radicals were present and would not let her in , even though the military base was running out of provisions . 
  they also filmed russian troops smuggling food in the base so the ukrainians would not starve . 
  what ? 
  you do n't know shit , son . 
  trust me , it 's all just a big joke . 
  :d of course it 's not , do n't be silly . 
  was i implying that it is ? 
  i asked a legitimate question . 
  we sure do . 
  let 's do it bulgaria !, 
  if the eu does n't help us with economic growth we 'll help each other . 
  it 's got ta be said though , eu membership did help with something - reducing the gypsy populations of our countries . 
  ( i hope i do n't get downvoted . 
  i 'm only joking . ), 
  quite original , one might say . 
  come on , turkey !, 
  go and kick some russian ass and there might be an eu membership in it for you . 
  :d jokes aside , has there been any statement from turkey 's officials yet ? 
  good news , indeed . 
  all the statistics and the forecasts i 've been reading lately suggest that our economy has started moving again . 
  well , i 'm enjoying your map-editing addiction . 
  so keep up the good work . 
  thank you . 
  also , a broader color scheme with a legend might be a good idea next time . 
  in any case , i appreciate your effort . 
  poor moldova . 
  :( i 'm interested to see some numbers , can you provide a source ? 
  thanks . 
  i understand why this is happening . 
  but jesus christ guys , i would advise caution because in case war breaks out between east and west , serbia is not in a great position if it decides to join russia . 
  :d but seriously , as a romanian i really wish all the best to serbia . 
  romanians see serbians as cousins . 
  this is probably because of our strong ties with yugoslavia and because our quite similar history . 
  most of the time we faced the same enemies and the same threats . 
  i hope the feeling is mutual . 
  i think that is a legitimate request and it makes sense . 
  i concur with our president . 
  no-no-no-no !, 
  you can keep them . 
  we 're just generous like that . 
  i think you might be on to something . 
  maybe our politicians are n't idiots after all . 
  maybe they are really really smart . 
  do n't forget about the floods . 
  i used to get angry when i saw this kind of maps , but now i do n't anymore . 
  we , romanians , are good people and we like to share - so you guys can have our gypsies , we do n't mind . 
  * hugs *  :d <, 
  that 's in romanian . 
  actually , op , you have brought up a good subject . 
  unfortunately , your post was the worst way to start this discussion . 
  it 's quite racist , really . 
  nevertheless , i would like a repost with the question formulated better . 
  what cop-out ? 
  i think i 've been very clear . 
  i do n't care about race , but religion bothers me . 
  does islam bother me more than christianity ? 
  overall , yes and that 's because , as you said , christianity is more benign than islam . 
  and that 's the same with say - christianity and hinduism . 
  i hate christianity more , because of the same reason . 
  i 'm quite sad that religion was invented in the first place . 
  i do n't have a lot of experience with muslims , so i do n't know what they are like . 
  as people , probably not much different , but from a religious point of view - i do n't think i 'd like them . 
  i hate all religions , but the more narrow-minded they are , the more i dislike them . 
  in conclusion , i 'm quite happy that there are few muslims in romania . 
  we have lots - and i do mean lots - of crazy christians as it is . 
  that being said , i welcome all arab atheists . 
  come my brothers !, 
  let me show you the miracles of \u0163uica . 
  i might get a lot of down votes , but i 'm sure you all agree that religion should n't have such an important role in peoples lives in the 21st century . 
  we should start to focus on human values . 
  so you 're saying that they should just abandon their houses , jobs and families and move to moldova if they want to live in a society which does n't pressure them to change their ethnic identity ? 
  we live in the 21st century , dude . 
  things must change and we , the younger generation , must be the driving force of that change as we always have been . 
  so my advice : do n't forsake your brethren . 
  trust me , entire generations of moldovans will regret it . 
  russia wo n't care if it would be contested . 
  moreover , it would be really quite bad . 
  russia would be able to exercise much more pressure on moldova , romania and the balkans in general if it would have a direct border with south-east europe . 
  plus , it would really suck for the moldovans still living there . 
  transnistrian authorities already started to forbid schools to teach in romanian . 
  i 'm sure russia would go even further . 
  i can see your point , but please , do n't forsake your brethren living on the other side of the dniester . 
  most of the oil came from ploie\u0219ti , romania . 
  what do you mean 0 consequences ? 
  part of the internet management will be taken over by europe , so that if you try to access an european site or if you talk over skype with an european friend , the data does n't have to go trough ` murica - it will stay in europe .
