  i am a historian ( rather studying to become one , but still ) , mate . 
  that is not even remotely true . 
   ( and still are , frankly i speak from experience ) by not having the same opportunities at universities and so on . 
  wtf ? 
  so you 're saying that transylvania should have remained part of hungary . 
  how marvelous everyone was treated back then . 
  especially the ** biggest ** ethnic group in the region . 
  obviously , there were ( and still are ) situations which could have been treated better . 
  as i 've said , i 'm part hungarian myself . 
  however , tensions will remain as long as we do n't put nationalistic bullshit aside . 
  when you have stupid hungarian radicalists doing stupid shit , you 're bound to have a backlash and stupid romanian nationalists doing stupid shit will appear . 
  i was born in targu mures ( a town where there are half hungarians , half romanians ) and i can tell you for a fact that there are many more hungarian nationalists than romanian . 
  old bad blood will not dilute if we do n't let go already and the ones that do n't let go are the hungarians . 
   that 's their exact attitude towards hungarians . 
  whose attitude ? 
  romanias ' attitude ? 
  what attitude are we talking about ? 
  you 're saying that hungary/hungarians were the victims of history in transylvania ? 
  ps : i , myself , am part hungarian , part romanian . 
  i definitely do n't hate the hungarians , but saying that the hungarians got the short end of the stick in transylvania is a statement with which i do not agree . 
  yea , we definitely are . 
  albanians do n't have much of an image here , but the little that there is , is mostly positive . 
   however , romania is probably the most pro-serbia country in the world . 
  just so you get a sense of the attitude here , there 's an old saying in romania - we have only 2 good neighbors , yugoslavia ( serbia ) and the black sea . 
  probably the only country that romanians historically loved more than serbia was france . 
  but all this is just the balkans being the balkans . 
  i do n't understand your comment . 
  little entente ftw . 
  you watch bill o'riley ? 
  xd really ? 
  hahahaha . 
  [ u. . uhum ] ( http://www.terrariaonline.com/attachments/hmm-quite-jpg.37756/ ), 
  hungary pls sthap . 
   papa bear so you 're watching the young turks ? 
  qq alternatively , / u/bezbojnicul ... ? 
  news ? 
  plz ? 
  am not worried . 
  if it does , the students will take to the streets . 
  this is stupid . 
  i do n't understand your edgyness against germany . 
  yea , sure , i do not agree with everything they do , however you can not ask them to give up their sovereignty and `` just act like a region already '' . 
  for being a de facto country , they do support development in the poorer countries much more than the other eu countries do . 
  also , if you look at the foreign companies operating in romania , you 'll find that most of them are german . 
  germany is also on top when it comes to foreign direct investment . 
  that 's not the v4 . 
  in fact , it 's nothing and will probably remain nothing . 
  i think it still is . 
  that 's only western europe . 
  yea , i know , but what does that mean in actual units of measurement ? 
  if not meters , at least miles . 
  kfc - within a mile . 
  mcdonald 's drive-through - about 50 meters from my apartment building . 
  so ... if we 're gon na judge it like this , out of us 3 , i am the most american ... ? 
  [ fuck yea !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihnugaaea4m ) i feel the freedom flowing through me . 
  romania is not in the v4 , mate . 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't really think `` posh '' when hearing that accent , i actually think `` dumb as a brick '' . 
  thanks a bunch . 
  i went through it a bit . 
  quite interesting . 
  tl ; dr - kind of - such a shame . 
  ukraine is quite fucked . 
  other than that spain seems to be recovering decently , portugal is still a bit sick tho . 
  the big european economies are recovering , but struggling to do so ( except the uk ) . 
  greece is still fucked , western balkans are sick as well . 
  the eastern countries in the eu are doing quite awesome while russia , belarus , and moldova are sick . 
  oh , and shout-out to the central asian countries ( the stans ) ; they are doing fantastic , it seems , despite the russian slowdown . 
  yea , but as of yet , it 's not really a serious thing . 
  since the early 2000s ' there have been lots of projects to integrate ee into the `` western european family '' so to speak . 
  each passing day we are more and more linked to our friends in the west on every level imaginable ( roads , railways , energy grid , politics etc. 
  - you name it ) . 
  this is certainly not a bad thing . 
  however , it kinda feels a bit like a centralization of the continent . 
  sure , there has also been an increase in cooperation within central/eastern europe , but i 'd argue that it 's not nearly as noticeable as the one with the west . 
  i am of the opinion that the new boys in the club should cooperate much more with each other ( on a real level , not just `` let 's meet once a year and talk '' kind of cooperation ) . 
  so the v8 sounds good both as a car engine as well as a geopolitical alliance to me . 
  not to mention that by being more united we could represent our interests within the eu a bit better than divided . 
  europe is quite big and different countries have different interests . 
  however , i would think that romania and poland have more common interests than poland and portugal ( for instance ) . 
  i would like a more detailed report about ukraine . 
  anybody knows where to access some good data for it ? 
  it will appear as ukrainian on maps from countries which did not recognize the annexation . 
  do n't wan na be rude , but i do n't really enjoy the austrian anthem . 
   socialist party chairman igor dodon accused washington of pressing for the `` terrible scenario '' of the unification of moldova and romania and urged a return `` home '' of tiny , politically fraught moldova `` back in the u.s.s.r. '' through membership of the russia-led eurasian economic union . 
  corruption is one hell of a thing . 
  i wonder if he really believes that . 
  i mean , in the east versus west debate , you have to be from mars to support the former rather than the latter . 
  and the supporters of the continuation of the status quo ( moldova remaining independent and not really aligning fully to neither east nor west ) are even more bonkers . 
  just to put things into perspective , moldova reached a point where it would be poor even among african countries . 
  their gdp per capita would get them a lower than average rank in africa and considering the situation for the past 25 years and how things look today ( just as bleak , if not more so ) moldova is , for all intents and purposes , a failed state . 
  not even close . 
  i agree with him and i 'm not even close to being a social democrat voter . 
  also , that 's not what he meant . 
  that is some serious oversimplification . 
  western economies are not going down . 
  even this `` economic misery index '' portrayed western european economies better than the eastern ones . 
  uk , denmark and switzerland held the first 3 spots , then came romania , then other western/northern countries , then eastern/central and lastly there were the southern countries . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-02-04/these-are-the-world-s-most-miserable-economies ) .
