  best of luck everyone !, 
  the cheapest option of shipping to portugal is 69 $ ?? 
  in nova launcher google now opens by swiping right, 
  so i found out about this subreddit and decided to give it a shot . 
  i am 15 and currently in high school . 
  i do n't know exactly for how long i 've had social anxiety but i only discovered it was an actual thing very recently . 
  my problem is n't so much with friends ( atleast friends of my sex - male ) but with girls and classes . 
  this is because i have already been quite accepted by most of my class years ago so this year when new people came i got along with them fast because my friends also did the same . 
  the big issue is , as i said , with classes . 
  i 've always been a pretty good student ( usually like the third/fourth best in class ) but this year attending classes has been a literal hell . 
  i say this because despite knowing , for the most part , the topics being discussed i am really terrorised of the possibility of being asked a question by the teacher , get all nervous , fail , dissapoint the teacher , ( who has a good oppinion of me since i am a good student ) and get embarrassed . 
  the big words here are dissapoint ( really afraid of that for some odd reason ) and embarrassed . 
  everytime i get call i feel this big adrenaline rush and start to get hot all of a sudden . 
  my voice fails me completely and i ca n't think straight . 
  so basically if i suspect the teacher is going to start asking questions i spen every second analysing the odds and evading eye contact with him/her . 
  the other issue was girls but i 've pretty much given up on that since i 'm like really skinny with no muscle and stuff ... 
  but yeah i get nervous when they talk to me and never know how to respond so i always end up saying something stupid or insufficient . 
  which sucks because every embarrassing / dissapointing thing i say/do haunts me 24/7 . 
  i 'm puzzled about this because with my friends i am one of the most extrovert persons i know and yet at parties i get really isolated and exausted and like doing all the things that would qualify me as an introvert . 
  writing this post for instance was a great display of willpower because i , as per freaking usual , struggled to do it fearing you redditors would hate the post and call me self-centered blah , blah , ... 
  sorry for the long vent and any incorrection ( not my native tongue ) . 
  * forgot to say i get really uncomfortable walking at recess alone because i get paranoid everyone is judging me . 
  i understand that 's common with this disorder . 
  every now and then my sw3 freezes on ambient mode , the time stops and touches do not register neither do button presses . 
  i need to hold the button a few seconds and wait for it to restart . 
  has anyone else had this ? 
  is this related to our product or android wear in general ? 
  ( i am going to change my watchface to see if that 's the problem - pujie black ), 
  my old sw2 i replaced with an sw3 has a cracked screen but touch remains fully functional and the display works just like everything else . 
  any sugestions on what to do with it besides wearing it ? 
  that would be useful to me and i ca n't find any . 
  because after listening to ep .8 i got the idea that people had already heard ep .7 but in that case would n't he be exposing his plan to oni ? 
  i noticed it started keeping both my watch 's and my phone 's steps again about a week ago . 
  i was hoping the update would fix it but it has n't . 
  now i always get a lot more than my goal everyday which defeats the purpose of it . 
  i decided to put this here because not only is it relevant , but also for the fact that some of you may not yet know this . 
  porn usage has been pretty much proven to cause and worsen social anxiety . 
  so if you despise your anxiety and watch porn frequently , you really should quit doing it . 
  i offer no guarantees , but there have been many success stories . 
  go to yourbrainonporn.com ( seriously , go there ! ), 
  and search google . 
  there have been ted talks about it too . 
  hell entite comunities have been created for fighting porn addiction because of all the problems regular use creates ( r/nofap and r/pornfree are examples , you should look into those . ), 
  some links :, 
  also , watch `` the great porn experiment '' - tedx talk by gary wilson ( do it ! ), 
  if you want to try this i would recomend reading the `` reboot '' material on yourbrainonporn.com and joining r/nofap and/or r/pornfree for support because its really difficult to quit ... 
  just relapsed after 46 days clean ... fuck !, 
  i hate myself right now . 
  it began because i was bored doing my homework . 
  i began remembering old habits . 
  then the whole `` just a peek '' debate started in my head . 
  i can never beat the dopamine 's arguments . 
  i know i did n't screw my whole progress but now i just feel really baaaad . 
  the prospect of starting over is ... 
  i have no words . 
  it was my best streak !, 
  i am sick of relapses . 
  now to beat the chaser effect ... 
  edit : messaged the bot and now i feel even worse . 
  i know the words from his responses from memory now . 
  hindsight is killing me too . 
  i was so dumb . 
  i wish i could go back in time . 
  damn . 
  i said i would n't do this again . 
  in fact i say it every time . 
  they 've become hollow words . 
  sorry about the rant , i just need some support right now . 
  shit, 
  [ removed ], 
  i have a 5.3 v 2a samsung phone charger and i do n't want to screw up !, 
  i read somewhere that phone chargers are not designed for this and i am better off just buying a power supply unit . 
  does anyone use one ? 
  is this true ? 
  thanks, 
  i have been trying to do this for a year now ... 
  this streak began the day before my 16th birthday . 
  that motivated me . 
  i enlisted in the war , i did the november survey . 
  i was super motivated , i 'd left my addiction behind with my 15-year-old self . 
  i made to a week and a couple of days and now i am back to zero . 
  im just tired of it all ... 
  it never works . 
  so many damned failed streaks of a week . 
  no matter what i try it all equates to zero . 
  help, 
  i had all the motivation in the world and still failed . 
  now that that 's gone how am i going to possibly succeed ? 
  i have a question about the sense hat . 
  in issue 38 of the magpi ( the one about building a robot ) its said :, 
  `` the sense hat can sense extra variables , such as if, 
  you 're going up an incline or how fast you 're going . 
  can also display little images , such as arrows to show, 
  where it 's going . 
  it can give your robot a little more life, 
  and make it a bit more interesting , ** and it wo n't take, 
  away any gpio ports . 
  i 'm confused because i have one and do n't understand how i could use the gpio pins with it installed . 
  care to enlighten me ? 
  google search brought up nothing ...
