  i 've also been getting that error a lot this past week . 
  reddit ( the company ) `` normalizes '' the amount of upvotes of a popular post so it wo n't stay on the frontpage for too long , therefore making sure you always have new content in your frontpage . 
  it 's stupid and unfair but i guess they have n't found another way to do it . 
  reddit ( the company ) `` normalizes '' the amount of upvotes of a popular post so it wo n't stay on the frontpage for too long , therefore making sure you always have new content in your frontpage . 
  it 's stupid and unfair but i guess they have n't found another way to do it . 
  reddit ( the company ) `` normalizes '' the amount of upvotes of a popular post so it wo n't stay on the frontpage for too long , therefore making sure you always have new content in your frontpage . 
  it 's stupid and unfair but i guess they have n't found another way to do it . 
  reddit ( the company ) `` normalizes '' the amount of upvotes of a popular post so it wo n't stay on the frontpage for too long , therefore making sure you always have new content in your frontpage . 
  it 's stupid and unfair but i guess they have n't found another way to do it . 
  reddit ( the company ) `` normalizes '' the amount of upvotes of a popular post so it wo n't stay on the frontpage for too long , therefore making sure you always have new content in your frontpage . 
  it 's stupid and unfair but i guess they have n't found another way to do it . 
  reddit ( the company ) `` normalizes '' the amount of upvotes of a popular post so it wo n't stay on the frontpage for too long , therefore making sure you always have new content in your frontpage . 
  it 's stupid and unfair but i guess they have n't found another way to do it . 
  reddit ( the company ) `` normalizes '' the amount of upvotes of a popular post so it wo n't stay on the frontpage for too long , therefore making sure you always have new content in your frontpage . 
  it 's stupid and unfair but i guess they have n't found another way to do it . 
  nice username you got there ... . 
  reddit ( the company ) `` normalizes '' the amount of upvotes of a popular post so it wo n't stay on the frontpage for too long , therefore making sure you always have new content in your frontpage . 
  it 's stupid and unfair but i guess they have n't found another way to do it . 
  the admin said you can log out and see what ads look like, 
  earlier post got removed because i did n't know about rule 1 . 
  sorry about that . 
  best ? 
  an executive running linux ?? 
  relevant username alert, 
  cool reddit name man !, 
  that people could choose the amount of phone rings before a call was missed . 
  i did n't understand why my parents did n't set it to 20 and never miss a call again ... 
  1974 ... thats 42 years . 
  things were different . 
  he was different . 
  its a loooong time and he has n't repeated that statement so give him a chance . 
  42 years, 
  yeah its a horrible proposal i know , but my point is that nearly half a century has passed since then . 
  do n't judge him now because of that sole policy . 
  he does n't seem to have such ideas now, 
  happens to me too from time to time, 
  only his wife just died :-(, 
  it works perfectly for me ( g900f ) except for the fact that it crashes and reverts to the old ui if i try to set it to fingerprint unlock . 
  so i 've been using pattern lock and it works just fine . 
  it 's awesome really, 
  you did n't need to downvote the guy just becouse he likes having a clear all button and you do n't . 
  i get it . 
  super obvious now i think about it . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  nice , that 's my answer . 
  do n't know how i did n't think of that . 
  thanks !, 
  me too !, 
  yup me too . 
  sucks, 
  how ? 
  they showed the spores and then never mentioned them again . 
  that plotline was not wrapped up in any way , shape or form, 
  why is this guy being downvoted ? 
  the list says the sony smartwatch 3 has n't received marshmallow but it has . 
  source : i own one . 
  i rooted mine ( g900f ) with chainfire 's autoroot . 
  jesus guys ... you do n't have to downvote him just because he misunderstood or is wrong about something . 
  yup . 
  mine just downloaded it . 
  i do n't mean to piss you off but replace media with experts and scientists and suddenly it becomes somewhat of an ignorant statement, 
  was its relevance decided via trial by cake ? 
  holy shit , so much detail !, 
  his mother was abusive to him ( not in a sexual way ) . 
  they show it in season 1, 
  self-fulfilling profecy much ? 
  you had one job !, 
  dude . 
  be reasonable . 
  if you do n't know who she 's going to appoint do n't say they are n't fit for the job without knowing their background or even their names for christ 's sake . 
  calm down and read what you said again . 
  this sub is about fighting unjust behaviour inflicted on men , not to hate women or view them as inferior . 
  wtf dude ?? 
  have some respect for the situation and those affected ... 
  this thread worries me ... 
  there are a lot of pro-erdogan comments saying stuff like `` lynch the rebel scum '' and such in the `` new '' section . 
  then there are equally brutal comments coming from the other side . 
  and in the middle of it all are some americans who are somehow making this about their 2016 elections ... 
  the amount of people calling each other `` fucking retards '' is just too damn high . 
  nope . 
  still managed to find one or two of those ... 
  dinesh 's gold chain, 
  he knows she exists though ... 
  hmmm ... 
  what ?? 
  would you leave your religion only because you share it with some nutjobs ? 
  spray deodorant . 
  some idiot almost started a fire, 
  i like this guy 's writing style, 
  `` great horse manure crisis of 1894 '' best title ever ahaha, 
  ca n't i send you this check for $ 100 i have lying around and you 'll send $ 80 back to me ? 
  best of luck to everyone, 
  this is a good idea right here . 
  ok , got it, 
  and then they would comically fail , prompting the villain to say `` if you want something done you got ta do it yourself '', 
  i 'm using reddit 's app and it crashed as well so maybe it 's not relay 's fault, 
  yes i know that but on wd 's website they say the nas supports raid 0 splice and span . 
  so i thought span is a submode of raid 0 . 
  regardless of that , the nas does support span so my question still stands . 
  granted , it 's not your model but my g900f has the best gps i 've ever had , fixes in less than 10 seconds most times .
