  wanting to start again ? 
  19 % of 4 gb of ram available ... 
  porn usage is known to cause it . 
  if you watch it you should stop . 
  done . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  downloaded again and this time the installation started . 
  if all goes well i should have a working windows 10 os very soon !, 
  london ( gmt ), 
  its 4:00 am here ( 29/07 ), 
  installation sure does take a while ... almost done !, 
  people are saying to never run the setup.exe as it ruins the download . 
  you should try op 's method again imo, 
  33 % , 34 % and 35 % took an hour for me . 
  then it jumped to 66 % , 67 % and 68 % which took 3 ... 
  it installed eventually though . 
  go to yourbrainonporn.com and search google . 
  there have been ted talks about it too . 
  hell entite comunities have been created for fighting porn addiction because of all the problems regular use creates ( r/nofap and r/pornfree are examples ), 
  edit :, 
  `` severe , worsening social anxiety '', 
  also , watch `` the great porn experiment '' - tedx talk by gary wilson, 
  i made a thread because if you did n't know about it , many more might not as well . 
  we can discuss it there . 
  if you 're skeptical but want to know more i would start with the tedx talk i wrote about . 
  then , if you feel like it , there 's loads of information , tips and some success stories on www.yourbrainonporn.com, 
  if you decide to quit porn you should subscribe to the subreddits i mentioned . 
  it is a hard journey . 
  sure i can see that as a possibility . 
  quitting is just what the majority decides to do . 
  you decide what is best . 
  tell me when you 've watched the talk . 
  the s4 got lollipop ... 
  how ? 
  til . 
  thanks, 
  this has to go to the emergency button ... 
  i 've been having trouble with my reboot these last couple of days but you sir have helped me strengthen my resolve !, 
  thank you , i wish you all the best, 
  thanks for your support . 
  i appreciate your words :-), 
  good luck for your streak as well . 
  you make a good point . 
  thanks . 
  can confirm the confirmation, 
  that was nice actually :-), 
  i 'm in, 
  checking in, 
  you may also consider getting an electronics kit for him to play with, 
  i can do this, 
  i want a free domotz - skg_117, 
  you can also check the official raspberry pi website . 
  they have some material on the resource tab for learning and teaching, 
  kind of looks cool and all but are those helmets really all that is necessary for being out in space ? 
  edit : fair enough ... 
  they appear to be in-atmosphere . 
  thanks . 
  sure but at least sabine has a suit whereas kanan and ezra are in their normal clothes . 
  it tends to be a little bit cold in space ... 
  hopefully yeah ... 
  electronics , software , and long range communication, 
  that is a bit unfair . 
  that post should be on the all time top of r/all with that amount of karma ... 
  we 're gon na make it !, 
  and he did it twice today already !!!, 
  hummm ... no . 
  uhhh ... 
  i do n't see why, 
  why though ? 
  spray deodorant . 
  because some asshole played with fire, 
  world war ii . 
  i 'm fascinated by it . 
  which turned out to be an advantage in school because every year i would just repeat my ww2 presentation without having to study or practice . 
  the one with the 3 enterprises right ? 
  through 9gag ... yeah, 
  such a bad day for rain or something like that, 
  jesus how is that even legal ? 
  that 's also the all time top post of r/showerthoughts, 
  fuck you have an upvote . 
  asshole, 
  every post/comment that starts with `` i know this will probably be downvoted to oblivion but ... '', 
  most of them end up with lots of karma, 
  he 's not your fwend , guy . 
  how to spell even the most basic of words . 
  thank god google exists !, 
  that sucks . 
  will do . 
  thanks, 
  ftfy, 
  i disagree . 
  he 's an interesting character . 
  imagine him going all guerrilla warfare on palpatine and the empire in season 3 and making some sort of army like in tcw . 
  maybe deathwatch will make a comeback and still be loyal to him !, 
  deathwatch could make a comeback and still be loyal to maul . 
  that would be awesome . 
  look out !, 
  u / -- satan -- is pissed, 
  why the downvotes ? 
  ahahahaha good point,
