everytime i ask for genuine arguments in favour of christianity i get reasons why evolution and the big bang theory are wrong instead . 
  and if i press on they dismiss the matter by turning against me for being atheist ... one argument against the big bang they always use is that we still do n't know what might have caused it so it must be god ( dont think about it real hard or the stupidity may overwhelm you ) . 
  a priest once spoke to my class about the existence of god saying that if we look at nature , we realise that nothing ever creates itself but someone or something makes it from pre-existing material ( lavoisier anyone ? 
  ) , so god must exist because the big bang ca n't just have happened on its own . 
  the shortcoming with this theory is painfully obvious ... who created god then ? 
  and if we assume that he created himself , why is the big bang any diferent ? 
  upon trying to explain this to my colleagues in high school i just got shamed again instead of having any sort of meaningful debate . 
  it happens everytime . 
  in my oppinion religion is just a bunch of crap made up by ancient jews who had delusions of being the chosen people, 
  i guess i should do it more often but i do n't really reboot my s5 unless something 's off . 
  i 've been getting none of the bugs , crashes and reboots nexus people talk about with the stock samsung 5.0 lollipop . 
  i know there 's not much to say but it would help if someone commented :-), 
  same here . 
  i understand it 's pretty common with social anxiety . 
  embarrassments make such a mark in your mind when they happen that afterwards you ca n't help but thinking about them and they stay with you . 
  i even remember some embarrassments of other people because at the time i dwelled on what i would feel if it were to have happened to me . 
  now it 's like they 're my embarrassments . 
  i heard the rama series is fantastic by the way :-), 
  sick of having social anxiety !, 
  trying hardmode, 
  the website may contain some ads with possible triggers . 
  awesome story dude !, 
  hope i get to write one of those eventually :-), 
  looking forward to see a captain flair next to my username muaahahah, 
  the sony smartwatch 3 has wifi, 
  awesome :d, 
  i think the drop-down notification mode settings were better as they were but other than that it 's going to be a great update !, 
  try tweetwear, 
  that 's wisdom right there !, 
  in for no pmo so i can improve my life !, 
  you can track sleep, 
  link me : sleep as android, 
  i use this app my sw3 every night . 
  coupled with theater mode i lose only 10/15 % per night, 
  i do n't think they 'll unveil android m just yet , but it 's going to be interesting anyways :d, 
  i bought pujie black . 
  it 's really nice . 
  just imagine how you 'll feel when you know that you 've gone from the top ( 62 days ) to 0 and have to do it all again ... `` if you quit now you 'll be back to where you started and where you started you desperately wanted to be where you are now . '', 
  do n't do that . 
  ( relapsed 6 days ago after 30-day streak ), 
  as i mentioned i had a 30 day streak going but relapsed once and now i 'm at 6 days . 
  my only problem are weekends . 
  expecially those in which i have to study or am bored . 
  when i relapsed i felt really shitty because it had been my best strek to date and i was even participating in the nofapwar thus time :-(, 
  62 days is a lot man , do n't just waste it because you looked at soft porn a few times . 
  if you 're not addicted all the more reason to continue and never stop . 
  good luck !, 
  glad that you made the right decision !, 
  mine ( bought on fnac ( pt ) ) came with that strap but i would n't worry to much about it . 
  i also had this for a bit but today its working again, 
  none of them are obsolete just yet ... 
  some just do n't have wi-fi . 
  the only other thing they can implement support for is nfc right now . 
  ( i think only the sw3 has it ), 
  square master-race, 
  might give it a try then ... 
  pujie black does this . 
  it is an awesome customizable watch face that allows you to also use your watch face as a widget on the phone . 
  if you set it to have watch battery displayed then you 'll have watch battery on a widget, 
  edit : it also notifies you when the watch is charged, 
  kaminoan garrison . 
  they can be seen in the second episode of season six . 
  sw3 + theater mode goes down 15 % battery on average, 
  yup that link has everything, 
  we agreed bill ... 90 percent, 
  mine works great with the s5, 
  i was really looking for a good analog watch face for square watches . 
  any advice ? 
  i am using skymaster right now . 
  that 's what i thought too ... 
  if you just got it you are probably missing the update that enabled third party watch faces . 
  that happened to me with the sw3 . 
  check for updates . 
  i guess google is just too lazy to write everything they change in the changelog . 
  nice features though !, 
  if you do n't download it you wo n't get the 5.1.1 update on your watch . 
  you gon na get me orders ? 
  and also the infamous : additional supply depots required !, 
  there are apps for that you know ? 
  i was n't able to find anything about this problem after a google search ... 
  i am aware there is an app for it but i really want to know why the stock option is n't working . 
  already downloaded !, 
  great job !, 
  maybe try to forget the watch in the aw app and add a `` new '' one ? 
  it most likely is . 
  but since you just sideloaded it might get better with time i guess, 
  roughly how many times did you reset it until it finally prompted the update ? 
  nice find !, 
  you can indeed change the color theme on the watch faces now . 
  my phone is on lollipop and play music browse works on my newly updated sw3, 
  alarms on theater mode dont vibrate but the screen lits up, 
  i notice there is a significant delay sometimes when i touch it to get out of ambient . 
  it lights up the backlight but remains in ambient mode for a few seconds before showing color, 
  same for me :-(, 
  no i think everyone has had it post-update . 
  myself included, 
  some rss feed ? 
  there are rss apps, 
  right now euw has 6 rooms . 
  wow,
