  the british isles and british people are different meanings , and ca n't be interchanged, 
  honestly who gives a fuck though , it 's cornwall, 
  bush and berlusconi , the pinnacle of human intellect, 
  all cancer medication is free in the uk , including prescriptions, 
  we 're the us of europe, 
  buffer zone + uranium ? 
  we do give a fuck , we love you, 
  we use miles per gallon and buy petrol in litres because who the fuck knows why, 
  i 'm sorry , my country is fucky !, 
  nah i 'm just not used to metric units in this context so it confused me , 
  yeah i 'm not used to metric sorry , 
  i meant to what reference but i get it now , 
  cheers, 
  thanks, 
  this may seem like a stupid question but what does the l mean ? 
  czech republic joined in 1993 . 
  hungary in 1969 ( but they 've had 25 + years to withdraw and are making no such requests ) poland in 1969 ( again they 've had 25 + years to withdraw - but nope ) romania in 1970 ( funnily enough again they fail to withdraw after getting full independence ) albania in 1990 . 
  so what exactly are you talking about ? 
  why not national law then ? 
  except that 's also complete bullshit because nuclear testing and total nuclear arsenals have been falling year on year in npt allocated nations . 
  i mean just look at the graph of us and ussr/russian nuclear warheads over time : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bb/us_and_ussr_nuclear_stockpiles.svg can you not see it 's clearly falling ? 
  china has also seen falling rates from over 400 to about 260 now . 
  france too has gone down from 540 to 300 , and britain has gone down from 520 to 215 . 
  every country that has signed the npt has seen falling rates of nuclear weapons in recent years . 
  not only that but only the 4 non-signatories posses nuclear weapons outside of the 5 allocated nations . 
  it 's not `` an arbitrary number '' because as you can see all npt nations are unanimously deciding to lower their stockpile of nuclear warheads . 
  the npt also makes clear it wishes for the 5 nuclear nations to eventually be able to phase out their ownership of nuclear weapons . 
  i 've seen it happen in my own country just in the past few years with the possibility and public desire to get rid of our submarine operated nuclear warheads . 
  i 'm sure it 's happening elsewhere too, 
  when the soviet union collapsed the ex-soviet nations ( minus russia ) did n't continue to operate under the old soviet banner . 
  their signature on the npt did n't exist because they were brand `` new '' countries . 
  there is 3 ex-soviet countries that russia stored nukes in during the cold war - belarus , ukraine and kazakhstan . 
  after the fall of the soviet union in 1991 all 3 of them gave their nukes back to russia and signed as non-nuclear states . 
  belarus transferred them in 1996 after having signed in 1993 . 
  ukraine transferred them in 1996 after having signed in 1994 . 
  kazakhstan transferred them in 1995 after having signed in 1994 . 
  you really have no idea what you 're talking about do you ? 
  so international law should only apply to countries that want it to apply to them ? 
  haha, 
  oh please , they 're not even similar statements, 
  perhaps we are just misunderstanding each other than !, 
  you 're really not listening to what i 'm saying are you ? 
  like fuck me , i 'm trying to explain what i 'm saying but you 're still so stuck in your way . 
  you have to have my words taken how you want them , and not how i intended them . 
  i 'm not saying you 're buddying up with the eu because it is rich ( although let 's not pretend that is n't a factor ) , i 'm saying romania would want to be sided with a much larger and richer union because it is beneficial for your security . 
  stop equating the two things . 
  besides , i 'm not even saying that siding with more powerful unions is a bad thing . 
  we 're in nato and i think that is best for our secuirty . 
  it would be stupid for us to leave nato since it provides so much security . 
   you in the uk have the opposite conditioning , what you learn in history class goes around your conflicts with europe-to-be , and more recently , the loss of empire to european wars you won . 
  perception of history is a factor in our opposite attitudes towards europe . 
  you have no idea what my attitude to europe is so stop pretending you do and stop telling me what my opinion is or how i think, 
   because it arbitrarily says that ` these countries can have nuclear weapons but no one else can , because we said so ' . 
  actually it says that because those were the countries that had them at the time , but ok your opinion is up to you  but why would a nuclear country , which the nnpt considers to be in breach , sign ? 
  the npt came into force in 1970 . 
  india tested their first in 1974 . 
  pakistan in 1998 . 
  north korea withdrew in 2003 and then tested in 2006 . 
  israel wo n't openly accept that they have nukes , even though everyone knows they have , but they could have easily dismantled any weapons at any time since 1970 considering the us 's large defence of the country . 
  but they choose not to . 
  south africa signed in 1991 after apartheid and their government quickly dismantled them saying they no longer wanted them honestly we should all be working towards less countries have nuclear weapons , not more . 
  it 's not about trust , it 's about lowering the number of countries that have nukes and therefore lowering the chance that any country will use them . 
  wealth is totally relevant , wars are pretty much decided by money . 
  whoever has the deepest pockets and highest stacks of cash win the wars . 
  i 'm not saying it 's bad that romania is wanting more integration , i 'm saying it 's not beneficial for everyone, 
  by `` a few countries '' do you mean everyone except india , pakistan , israel and north korea ? 
  because literally every other country in the world except them four are following the nnpt . 
  it 's not like it 's 5 countries dictating the law for everyone else , it 's the vast majority of the world agreeing that the less countries get nuclear weapons the better . 
  furthermore , it 's not `` suddenly against the law for india to have nukes '' ; the npt was brought in 4 years before india ever tested a nuclear weapon . 
  they could have scrapped any projects they had going and signed as non-nuclear states but they chose to not join and develop them anyway . 
  how on earth is an attempt to limit the number of nuclear weapons a ridiculous law ?? 
  do you think there should be more of them in the world ? 
  when did i say it was n't good enough or i had anything against romania ? 
  all i said was that the country is less wealthy than others in the eu - one of the least wealthy actually - and that during war time they would favour being allied to the richer european nations and having their military integrated and defense secured . 
  are you denying that during war time romania would want to be defended by western europe ? 
  because that 's all i 'm saying really you 're putting words in my mouth , as i never really said anything positive or negative about romania . 
  i merely said that it 's not a universally beneficial thing to be part of an integrated eu army, 
  why ? 
  * romania is less wealthy and wants to join with richer , more powerful nations of course this means that romania is doing the right thing , but it 's not `` one size fits all '', 
  friendly reminder they both have illegal nuclear weapons and are often in armed conflict, 
  but that 's the point, 
  this is n't really about finding jobs though it 's about being able to afford housing . 
  there 's no lack of jobs in london if you 're searching for them , it 's about not being able to work , or not being able to afford housing on the wage you have, 
  but why should someone have to move away from their family/friends because of money ? 
  maybe something else is at play , like a disability or no time through looking after children, 
  why should someone move out of where they grew up , where their family is , where they know the local people and local area just because the state ca n't control housing prices ? 
  i think people should be allowed to live near where they grow up if they choose , it 's wrong that we force people to have to move away from their family for monetary reasons, 
  she is now !, 
  it is n't rocket science you 're correct , however accurate icbms are , and those are the real threats, 
  is that a joke ? 
  some of my best fucking is when i 'm hungry and no , i have no idea what that means, 
  that 's the joke, 
  nk does n't have nukes , they are testing bombs , but they have yet to make them even slightly portable , and even if they did make them portable they do n't have the planes or missiles to launch them from, 
  that 's an odd comment from someone from slavenia, 
  do n't act like you do n't want to eat the potato , ireland, 
  i was joking , but i do understand most people that comment do n't bother to read the article, 
  you expect us to read the article ? 
  one of the main reasons your tourism industry is booming, 
  it 's worse , those are what the think cars look like because they will run them on coal and not petrol !, 
  yeh , pretty sure this was the original idea of communism , to have a huge public sector , but to have effectively little government,
