  she does n't represent the feelings of british people, 
  because it 'd be incredibly stupid to not recognise a country like scotland ? 
  it 'd just create hostile attitudes and make spain look ridiculous . 
  no it wo n't lol even if it got independence fairly soon ( not happening ) the eu said it wo n't allow it easy access and would have to enter like any other country . 
  spain have said they will try to veto access to stop catalonia getting any ideas, 
  lol are you fucking serious ? 
  you cite eurobarometer and then go on to say that britain is the only country stopping federalisation ? 
  except for denmark , sweden , finland and the netherlands , sure , why not . 
  but no , obviously it must all be britain 's fault because were the only country that actually stands up to the eu against federalisation . 
  now we are leaving you 're going to see one of those four countries stand up against it and take the collective european bullet for being anti federalism . 
  i am massively pro eu but to say the uk is the only thing holding it back is not only anti-factual , it just alienates anyone that could be convinced that its a good thing if you want the netherlands , denmark , sweden , finland and the uk to leave the eu so you can create a federalised europe , then so be it , but they are all rich nations that are net contributors to the eu and it 'd be a shame if any one of them left, 
  you act like the uk is the only country in the e u opposed to federalism, 
  article 50 will blow your economy, 
  err ... yes you can go to the toilet ? 
  typical irish , loves to terrorise ( i kid i 'm sorry please do n't bomb me ), 
  is n't the army just balkan high school ? 
  every sean spicer press release is a funny video about trump, 
  my neighbours used to have a life sized purple and white cow made out of fibreglass outside the front of their house . 
  the first time i saw it was at night after going out drinking , scare the shit out of me at 3am will find a picture if anyone cares, 
  i mean its clearly sarcasm though, 
   bigger doesnt always mean better . 
  correct , but nato is not only bigger but more technically advanced  israel is smaller than all its neighbors but still is able to beat them militarily i would argue that egypt is stronger than israel , but i accept your point . 
  israel is basicallya testing ground for u.s. weapons systems though tbf  similarly the russian military is more organized and efficient , because it is under one command and all of their equipment is compatible , whereas with nato there 's 20 + countries controlling 20 + militaries , often with incompatible equipment , its much more slow and bureaucratic , less efficiently organized . 
  you think russia 's army is more efficient than nato ? 
  i do n't think i ever suggested that, 
  it 's a shame most people in europe do n't get sarcasm, 
  top gear could n't get good casting because people watched it for the dynamic between the presenters . 
  you 'd have to get people similar to them and then everyone would complain they were copying, 
  that 's why europe is at peace right ? 
  because of the us ? 
  nato without the us is still bigger than russia, 
  im pretty sure syria is a direct result of diplomacy not being utilised over dick wagging and supplying rebels . 
  we cant negotiate with isis but we certainly could have brought about a peaceful end to the civil war . 
  if only we were more diplomatic with assad and russia and did n't supply the rebel groups against our best interests . 
  it 's like we learnt nothing with the taliban, 
  exactly . 
  both sides do n't trust each other but are more than clever enough to not attack . 
  even during the cold war with the thought of nukes flying everywhere none were ever fired . 
  russia and the us both nearly fired but only because they thought they were under attack, 
  except turkey and russia clearly disagree on many important things . 
  they ca n't agree in syria which is clearly abundant , and turkey is a very strong opponent of what putin 's doing in crimea and ukraine i mean for god 's sake turkey shot down a russian jet not that long ago, 
  but we are n't weak . 
  nato is by far the largest military alliance in the world, 
  except for countries that stay diplomatic with limited army, 
  but we do have the military force to back them up . 
  nato is by far the largest alliance and army in the world , the only thing that could challenge nato seriously would be an independent u.s. vs the rest of nato your analogy is shit and shows how little you understand world politics . 
  you ca n't simplify things that far , that 's not how it works, 
  i 'm pretty sure every person in existence minus a few nihilistic nut jobs would rather use diplomacy than enter global nuclear war . 
  nuclear weapons are only seen as good things until you need to use them . 
  they are deterrents , not weapons, 
  it 's this diplomacy that had brought about peace in europe . 
  the continent has been in total chaos for centuries , millenia even . 
  we 've had peace ( minus balkans but they are doing their own thing ) in europe for decades , something we have n't seen for , well , since european states formed . 
  plus i do n't believe they get taxed, 
  bigger than russia though , and that 's all that matters really . 
  why the fuck would the u.s. leave nato ? 
  us is one of the most anti russia members , plus they benefit hugely from having their army and navy be stationed across europe . 
  and even without the us , natos army is still bigger than russia 's, 
  how have the times changed ? 
  relations with russia have soured in the past few years but they 're far beyond what they were 30 + years ago . 
  russia is in absolutely no position for war in europe . 
  their involvement in ukraine has shown that , not because they failed militarily ( they essentially got their goals down in ukraine . 
  they wo n't join eu or nato and crimea is now russian ) but their long term goals have been shot to shit . 
  relations with russia will likely always be semi hostile . 
  we 're capable of defending ourselves from them easily as is now , until you see russia drastically improving their army there 's no real threat of them invading nato . 
  putin is pretty mad , but hes not an idiot, 
  it is , but i do n't think turkey is entirely to blame for their move away from being more european . 
  either way there are no big players for them to buddy up with besides nato or the eu . 
  russia is on very sketchy ground , china is in no mind to ally them , saudi arabia and iran certainly are n't about to become bffs of turkey ... 
  because russia are totally in a position to invade nato we say that europe 's armies have fallen on disrepair but so has russia 's . 
  let alone the fact that natos army is far larger and more developed than russia 's . 
  they invaded ukraine for many reasons but have ultimately failed in their long term objectives . 
  it hugely backfired for them , and we will likely not see direct russian involvement for decades in europe . 
  just more proxy wars in the middle east , because theyre always so much fun, 
  total state pensions payments are around 5.5 % of our gdp , which is paying out to around 12 million people military pensions pay out to around 600,000 people . 
  if they paid on average the same as the state pension it 'd be 0.275 % of our gdp . 
  i imagine they pay out higher than state pensions though , due to the nature of military pensions, 
  i do n't think europe needs to wake up , i just think the european view on armed forces is n't the same as america 's . 
  a lot can be done through diplomacy that ca n't be done through hostile dick wagging, 
  turkey is a member of nato, 
  it 's not a deal its a target . 
  clues in the name, 
  dumb people not knowing how common law works, 
   is it just me , or did the tories literally put the interests of their own party over the interests of the country with ~ ~ this referendum ? ~ ~ ** literally everything they do ** ftfy, 
   if scotland wants independence and membership of eu scotland does n't want independence  if ni wants to rejoin eire northern ireland does n't want unification  and if england and wales want to on on their own in europe england and wales do n't want to be on their own in europe  should n't the same apply to scotland and ni within the uk ? 
  scotland decided to stay in the uk in 2015 , and northern ireland repeatedly votes for unionist parties over nationalist parties . 
  it 's clear neither nation wants indepedence in majority, 
  power  economy, 
  the queen is married ... 
  gibraltar was almost unanimously remain supporting . 
  i believe public support is towards keeping an open border under special laws, 
  exactly . 
  scotland will be independent and outside of the eu . 
  they 'll be even more fucked than they would have been last time, 
  which will fail again . 
  scotland being out of the eu is even more of a vote loser than the previous referendum . 
  unless scotland can guarantee its immediate addition to the eu on independence ( which the eu has said wo n't happen ) they wo n't get independence, 
  to win votes from ukip so tories do n't lose seats, 
   i 'm not british , so my opinion does n't matter in the least glad youre all finally accepting it !, 
  you do n't get king consorts , you get prince consorts and queen consorts kings are always the primary ruler,
