  some english are but many see them as our countrymen and our people . 
  i do n't want our nation to divide any more than it already is , as much of a cost on us as they are, 
  but accurate, 
  technically every vote of parliament and every court ruling is a change to the constitution, 
  hence why democracy sucks, 
  the uk has a constitution , every court ruling is the uks constitution, 
  it came up with humongous penis . 
  how flattering of it !, 
  would n't want to tar the name of our bffs with the joke that is spain, 
  of course argentina is wrong , they 're always wrong !, 
  we let everyone use them and you all agreed ours are the best . 
  if they were n't then you would n't be using them , 
  but we took the rock from the spanish and argentina seem to think its theirs, 
  hey man , we gave scotland the chance and they said no . 
  how about you give catalonia a chance ? 
  scared they will leave ? 
  like father like son  spain passed down ethnic unease and wish for independence , we passed down the ability to democratically submit your country to sepuku, 
  he says , in english, 
  stealing rocks from the spanish is what we do !, 
  go ask argentina !, 
  because obviously spain does n't have enough independence issues as it is, 
  spain 's a fake country , its like belgium but bigger and hotter, 
  bloody dutch , speaking dutch !, 
  when the essay says 6000 words and you 've only written 4000, 
  that truly is the power of love, 
  absolutely rekt, 
  m a x v e r s t a p p e n a x v e r s t a p p e n, 
  clearly i said the union as a whole not individual countries . 
  that 's kind of the point of my comment, 
  thanks !, 
  they do , especially uk and france . 
  tons of cutting edge tech comes from these countries, 
  that 's clearly not what i said, 
  not really . 
  german military spending is on par with most of nato , only 5 countries go over the 2 % target . 
  germany is pretty average . 
  if you exclude the us from the nato figures in the op it clearly still outguns russia , and in many areas has much better technology . 
  only thing russia has is nukes . 
  which is meaningless anyway because during nuclear war the world is fucked and even if you win you die if every country ( including us ) stuck to 1 % spending it 'd still be far in excess of what russia is spending and capable of . 
  youre comparing a relatively poor country of 150 million to a relatively rich alliance of the best part of a billion people, 
  ok cool , if you could pick any geographical / cultural demonyms how would you list yourself ? 
  russian first ? 
  or siberian ? 
  or something different ? 
  thanks for answer , always wondered !, 
  hence why we created nato and formed a strong union . 
  smaller armies for each country , one big army for us all, 
  any possible invasion of germany would be an invasion of half of europe . 
  it 'd be all out war with nato , which is the biggest military bloc by a long way, 
  how ? 
  100 missiles or 1000 missiles makes no difference . 
  all you need is a few to punch through into the major cities and its all over . 
  tanks get old , and old weapons sit around in warehouses doing nothing . 
  either they 're now so old that they are useless , or were given to ex soviet countries on the dissolution , to later be sold , repurposed or scrapped, 
  until it turns into ukraine 2.0, 
  * more messy, 
  so what 's the solution ? 
  this may seem like a stupid question but as a siberian russian do you see yourself as a european or an asian ? 
  i mean obviously siberia is in asia but in a country heavily dominated by european people 's and events . 
  why ? 
  imo a smaller army should be every countries goal it annoys me when people say we need a bigger army . 
  what are we using it for ? 
  what are we going to use it for ? 
  diplomacy with russia and china is far more effective than more people in the army . 
  son ?? 
  father !, 
  kinda fitting that if brexit destroys the uk it 'll be the weather `` here lies the uk . 
  he died how he lived , moaning about the rain '', 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  once the uk stops being a federal veto , nl , denmark , sweden and finland will have to step up to the task . 
  let 's not act like the uk was alone in disliking federalism , we just got painted that way, 
  we tried but the finger was too fat and the ring fell off, 
  you realise that there are many hundreds of thousands more brits in spain than spanish in the uk ? 
  but on the same page if everyone speaks english then polish people can survive in germany by both speaking english, 
  jesus , is there really 12 million brits visiting spain every year ? 
  i mean i know its really popular but a fifth of the country ? 
  same reason its never the british that bad mouth the uk . 
  it 's germans , french and italians that are giving us shit for blocking progress, 
  one blocking element has left . 
  denmark and the nl still disagree with a ton of stuff the eu does , but its always been the uk that gets stamped with the badge of anti progress . 
  you will see the nl and denmark move to fill in for the uk when we lose our veto, 
  err no , there 's two pictures, 
  britain has faster gdp growth than the eu average too, 
  bruh , british economy is growing faster than the german economy, 
  can you like , for one second , understand a joke ? 
  britain has a faster growing economy than germany , plus germany was heavily rebuilt after wwii because they knew another peace treaty like versailles would lead to further wars britain was never at risk from germany anyway , they are an island nation and held complete naval dominance throughout both world wars, 
  is that a german trying to downtalk a brit ? 
  come back when you 've won a world war or dominated the seas for an entire century !, 
  or even had a colony . 
  poland does n't count buddy , that 's like losing your virginity to a prostitute at 22, 
  that 's completely different scenario in the americas you ran them as part of your country . 
  the people there were dutch and they operated under dutch law , it was territory belonging to the nl in japan it was japanese territory operating under japanese law , where you were invited, 
  that 's not colonising though is it ? 
  it says red is bases and troops, 
  it comes from 4chan originally , and it 's meant to be ishiggydiggy , and came from the acronym `` ishygddt '' for `` i sure hope you guys dont do this '' which over time became `` i shiggy diggy '' , and the response if they do n't is `` i shiggy diggy dont '', 
  did n't colonise though , just traded . 
  dutch never ran japan, 
  drawing maps does n't mean you own the world , silly swamp people, 
  * condensed germany, 
  they 're battling over spending and political corruption,
