  i said most places would n't use the word cock for an emergency release on a bus door , perhaps you need to reread what i said . 
  you then brought up radiators as an example . 
  also i 'd wager most places would say `` radiator valve '' not `` radiator cock '' but that was n't the point i was making previously, 
  stop being an arse . 
  you do n't have to call a valve a cock to know how to drain a radiator . 
  i 'd just say you use the key to open the valve to let the air out , and that is what happens . 
  you 're being unnecessarily pedantic, 
  yes , but never called that a cock, 
  that is certainly not the word most places would use though, 
  just because a lot of people think something does n't make it correct, 
  uhhh , wat til the us has a parliament, 
  not this year dad, 
  so what 's going on at the moment with article 50 with the government being annoyed at the ruling ? 
  why not just overrule it ? 
  the new fad diet, 
  russia is there to keep them company, 
  or russia , who would have some major ports completely shut off from the world . 
  no way it would stand , russia would be nuking the shit out of during construction, 
  tremendous, 
  most of britain ? 
  i always wonder how they make these paintings . 
  like obviously it 's done after the battle , sometimes much later , but the painter is likely never even there and is relying purely on what the survivors tell them , no ? 
  and how the hell do they decide what shit actually looks like ? 
  kinda cool , 
  i do n't think it 's true that you 've only amended it when the need is there lol just look at your second amendment right now , i think that 's in dire need of amendment, 
  that 's what i told your girlfriend, 
  true , but the vast majority of people will never break any of these laws by accident . 
  if you 're going to be doing something that could break these laws you either know full well that it 's illegal or you should research it before continuing, 
  parliament ca n't over rule the ~ ~ high ~ ~ supreme court though can they ? 
  i thought that was the point of it, 
  technically ww2 started when germany invaded poland and britain + france declared on germany , but i get your point , 
  that 's because you 're not actually watching the parliament when it 's working , just pmqs . 
  you can watch live when it 's actually on or go back and watch old recordings online . 
  go back and watch this week 's parliament if you want a taste of what real british parliament is like : www.parliamentlive.tv pro tip : do n't , it 's incredibly boring, 
  that 's not the reason . 
  it 's not even that old really , it was built in the 1850s and they had the same amount of mps as they do now ( give or take a handful ), 
  they 're also good because they actually challenge the leader of government . 
  sure they might not be taken too seriously but real questions get answered and you get a good idea of what the government is thinking/where it has no plans because the questions are all unknown to the pm before they are asked so he has to think up most of the answers on the spot ( besides the major topics which he 'd have rehearsed an answer for ), 
  i was making a point about how no country or person can take 100 % claim for any invention . 
  you 're just proving that point further, 
  true i guess . 
  but still , i 'd say finnish . 
  just shows really how no one creation can be solely from one country or person, 
  my processor is korean and the operating system is basically finnish : /, 
  `` grab them by the pussy '' \\ - 45th president of the united states, 
  meh , levi was a german and denim comes from france/italy sure america popularised them , but they are n't exactly an american invention denim = de nimes = from nimes ( france ), 
  that makes sense , perhaps it explains why other countries did n't have fords ? 
  no tolls ? 
  do n't know then , perhaps they relied less on farm animals so they did n't need as many fords to move their cattle around ? 
  no idea , 
  perhaps the landscape does n't lend itself to that ? 
  also i think historically people in sweden lived mostly on the coast where rivers are much larger and farming of animals was n't all that common . 
  i 'm not an expert though so could be wrong, 
  bridges would have been common too on busy routes but why build a bridge when you can just walk through the river ? 
  also typically these locations would have been formed over 1000 years ago after the romans left and we were quite a poor and low developed island . 
  they would be useful as regional crossings where there was n't enough traffic to warrant building a bridge . 
  today though they exist largely in very rural areas as i said before , 
  yes it 's still fairly common . 
  do n't get me wrong though , the majority of river crossings are by bridge . 
  but fords are cheaper to build and maintain and can be cared for by local farmers . 
  typically they are in rural areas where there is n't traffic or money to justify building a bridge . 
  often they are on private farm land and the farmer will maintain the crossing , perhaps on conjunction with the local council . 
  they normally come coupled with a sign afterwards to warn people to test their breaks to make sure the water has n't stopped them working . 
  oh ok . a ford is where a road or track crosses a river at a very low depth . 
  very shallow water means that you can walk , drive or ride across the river . 
  often times these are made artificially by widening the river and concreting the bottom . 
  but typically in olden times they would become important thoroughfares on crossing rivers and small communities and eventually towns would form around them . 
  the river allows for water and fishing and the ford brings in travellers and traders, 
  to be fair it does say gropecunt has n't been used for nearly 500 years, 
  i assumed it was already 100 %, 
  more of an insult . 
  this guy can grow potatoes on mars and they ca n't even grow them in a field, 
  pls do, 
  that 's always been russias strength though, 
  true i suppose , i was referring to the fact there was only a quarter of german front line troops on the western front because the soviets were hitting so much harder, 
  pretty much . 
  if the soviets had n't been smashing their way in from the east then it would have worked fine . 
  damn snow people attacking from the other border . 
  good job that ca n't happen to america ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / wink, 
  i thought mexico had become the new mexico of europe, 
  there 's one , but then there 's also only one back home in the uk and it all goes to a plant to be sorted . 
  i imagine the same happens in nz , only thing i can see that would actually give a 0 % recycle rate is if the recycling bins just get chucked in landfill as well which i highly doubt is the case, 
  also seems like the number one way to get people to just throw bags of rubbish out their car on country roads, 
  it 's bullshit , i 'm in nz and every house in the town i 'm in has a recycling bin and they are used . 
  there 's actually big thing about recycling atm it seems , everywhere i 've been seems to be into it ( except the far north lands where it 's pretty remote ), 
  tbf that is the slowed down version, 
  well not to ruin it again but it 's very likely to go through . 
  the hol can only go so far ( i mean legally than can stop as many bills as they want ) in practice and eventually must relent if parliament keep passing the same bill . 
  so while yes there is still a chance that they can block it again , if it keeps getting hoc approval then it 's only a matter of time . 
  the hol was meant to be a check on the hoc but it 's more of an advisory council nowadays that just tells the hoc to tweak bills to be a bit better, 
  what are they actually meant to report ? 
  it 's been through the hoc before and been turned down by the hol . 
  until it goes through there and gets royal ascent it 's really not a major news story . 
  sure , some coverage maybe , but it 's not like it 's never been covered before, 
  having some trouble placing it ? 
  a catholic atheist or a protestant atheist ? 
   this made me laugh so hard i do n't know why ** [ 7 ] ** i 'm pretty sure i know why, 
  definitely ma . 
  two of the best universities in the world right next to each other . 
  boston alone could probably rank pretty highly in us states,
