  i live in a commuter town outside of london . 
  my 3 bed house costs about # 400,000 . 
  the one across the road is being rented at # 1,000 / month without bills included . 
  housing in the uk is a mess, 
  you do realise almost all city centres are extremely expensive ? 
  and london is one of the worst in the world, 
  it really depends on your landlord and contract but if bills are included then you will probably be paying a higher rent, 
  british does n't mean part of great britain, 
  i 'd still rather that than working to 3am at the weekends and still being up at 7am lol, 
   at 7am , well before i normally work up i envy you, 
  obvious troll is obvious, 
  youre an idiot if you think the civilians could beat the army also your government is doing all of those thingas and no civil war yet, 
  ha ha ha this is a really funny joke ha ha ha let me laugh more, 
  from communism technically, 
  they 're celebrating the freeing of the people from communist rule, 
  uk does n't ofc hard to get independence when you rule the world lol, 
  no one . 
  op fucked up and called it russian independence day when it is actually called russia day . 
  it 's to celebrate the overthrowing of the communist government and the freeing of its people . 
  the uk has no official language . 
  neither does england , scotland or northern ireland . 
  wales is the only country with an official language out of the 4 and those are english and welsh . 
  ferragudo near portimao would love to meet a native from reddit , i 've been to this town since i was 12 , 4 times before this year , keep coming back because portugal is my favourite non-uk country in the world . 
  you 're my favourite country in the world beside my own, 
  i 'm coming in september for 2 weeks . 
  love me please brother, 
  fuck off , portugal is our best ally . 
  do n't talk shit about them or i 'll send you to france, 
  portugese people actually have extra grippy feet , it 's to trip up foreigners, 
  its not , hence why people are complaining about the amount of money they spent on it, 
  second most powerful nato member is the uk, 
  i went back to look and the first thing i saw was those containers at the bottom and i was like `` fucking hell ! '', 
  http://data.worldbank.org/country/iran-islamic-republic maybe you should use up to date information ? 
  iran is being heavily sanctioned and it still hugely richer and more powerful than all the countries around it . 
  the point being that oil makes a country richer , which you can not argue, 
  gdp per cap is meaningless without context . 
  the world bank calls it an upper-middle income nation . 
  i would say that counts as `` fairly rich '' . 
  as a state it is very rich it just has a lot of people to share the wealth . 
  the people have all the basic human needs , they 're doing much better than people think and that is with all these foreign sanctions being shat on them . 
  they 're the richest , strongest and most advanced nation in the area ( admittedly not saying much ) despite being constantly shat on top of them . 
  then why would they be viewing it on german wikipedia ? 
  lol, 
  not being funny but iran is actually a fairly rich country . 
  you 've been watching too much fox news, 
   what i mean is , england , scotland and wales all have their own football teams . 
  why 's that ? 
  gives us 3 ( 4 ) votes to kick blatter out !, 
  `` anti booing technology '' `` crowd hushing device '' `` ak-47 assault rifle '' there 's really no difference, 
  population : several tons of bird shit, 
  every time a player falls down the ref has to kiss him better, 
  in an ideal world use would be amazing . 
  the world powerhouse and superpower . 
  however in our actual world of greed , culture and racism it just would n't work so i wouldnt want it . 
  now you 're getting it . . 
  that 's not sarcasm , it 's a joke but it is n't sarcasm . 
  the / s was for the insult at naples, 
   highest in europe : 29.5 %  usa : 35.7 % well fuck, 
  til only 100 people live in italy, 
  not all prisoners , but terrorists maybe, 
  so what you 're saying is he should have come here and then been put a jail cell for several years until he goes mad ? 
  i think he means physical injuries not mental ones, 
  \\  estonia \\  nordic pick one, 
  quite funny with alaska because it was russian and then the us bought it, 
  but his statement is n't wrong, 
  you 're joking !, 
  american sniper is just one example, 
  as is `` promising statistics from finland '', 
  yeah i know, 
  sun moving really fast around the galaxy ? 
  pffff !, 
  it 's only going 500,000 mph !, 
  that 's sunday driver slow !, 
  technically speaking there is a scientific debate , the problem is there 's just every scientist in the world on one side and literally nobody else on the other side . 
  great thing about science , if you can prove it wrong then it will shut up and go away , unlike my old jw friends that tried to stop me from leaving lol, 
  there 's loads of them you just do n't realise it . 
  seriously , my town 's kh had about 2 % of the town 's population , and having left the religion i always see people that i used to know very well around the town . 
  maybe it is because i live in suburban england idk but they do exist in big numbers also now that i think about it one of my friends is at cambridge uni studying medicine and he is a creationist ( south african born , very religious but also very good at biology , obviously ), 
  `` quite often '' = 3 of 13, 
  well the us has the two best universities in the world , so we ca n't exactly claim that one, 
  implying there 's been no change in education levels in eastern europe in the past decade nice, 
  well you 've got a sense of humour going for you !, 
  well it 's a bit more complex , since icelandic is a very old language , such as the ending is a sound that is hard to type out with our alphabet since we do n't use it and the vowel sounds are different to standard english vowel sounds so again hard to type but for the main part that is it , an icelander will tell you are n't a speaker , but to anyone else it will pass fine :p an icelandic snowmobiling instructor taught me how to say , and by taught i mean kept saying it super fast as i attempted to force some resemblance of the word from my cold and ever more angered mouth . 
  he found it hilarious !, 
  lol, 
  we joke but there 's only about 20,000 non-icelandic people living there that being said , my home town in england has about one third the population of england , and it 's not even a major town , just a larger than average one, 
  ay-yaff-yally-oh-kultz i believe, 
  hence best views of the sky :p, 
  which basically means `` thanks for money , now you can call yourself european to piss argentina off '', 
  it provides some of the best views of the sky in the entire world while being relatively reasonably to get materials and people to . 
  they also looked into the canary islands and antarctica amongst a few others , but stayed in chile, 
  i just searched `` obama speech '' and chose the first few , skipped to the end and linked it, 
  you mean `` god save the queen '' right ? 
  `` god bless '' is american , obama says it [ all ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8lqg_ld0dw&amp;t=3632 ) [ the ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nv9nwkajmt0&amp;t=1371 ) [ time ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-fiokjv_hu&amp;t=1196 ) almost as much as he says `` my fellow americans '', 
  the word country has no strict definition . 
  however we can not say that england is to the uk as bavaria is to germany . 
  it just is n't true . 
  again , you seem to think that country is some sort of defined thing . 
  it is n't , stop using it as such . 
  also stop trying to argue that because we split the uk in to 4 countries we can do the same for every other sovereign state .
