  that depends entirely on what you class as `` better '' is it really better politics if the loudest voice for the opposition leaves ? 
  he should lose his job for the uk leaving . 
  if the president ca n't keep the union together , he 's not a very good president, 
  my point was more about the voting system than the parliament and its parties, 
  changing the main opposition does n't negate the two party system, 
  that 's my point ... 
  did n't know that , til, 
   ** under the false pretence the other parties matter . 
  ** this is exactly my point , lib dems did n't matter at all , and now they 're back to being irrelevant . 
  they got a huge boost of votes from one demographic , had a small stint at having some `` power '' and now nobody pays attention to them again . 
  to say the lib dems could rival labour or tories is a total joke, 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
  and thus kill all hope of there being any left wing representation in the uk parliament, 
  she could but when your two main political parties are essentially leaderless you really do n't want to be going into an election . 
  the country is unstable enough as it is , throwing us into a general election too is just madness . 
  one thing you can say for the queen is she always acts in the uk 's best interests, 
  they were in eurovision were n't they ?!?!, 
  that 's all that matters to me !, 
  the government can be dissolved though , do n't think it will happen now but if both political parties implode ... could be fun and by fun i mean devastating . 
  god help this country, 
  aye , this is in the people 's interest . 
  more parties with wider views that can get equal power is what this country needs . 
  we 're just a two party system under the false pretence the other parties matter . 
  problem is this does n't benefit the vast majority of mps , so it wo n't happen : /, 
  exactly !, 
  i think i know a country that 'd be willing to buy the falklands, 
  lack of education for you, 
  visit devon instead , it 's like cornwall but less french people , 
  one could argue the possibility of brexit is a distressing time, 
  so why bring up the fact you do n't like british people telling you what to think ? 
  yes but why do n't you like it ? 
  lol, 
  reginald d hunter , doug stanhope , rich hall i ca n't really think of many right now , but i 'm sure there are many americans on our news broadcasts too but at the end of the day , john oliver 's show is n't a news broadcast , it 's a comedy show . 
  much like mock the week . 
  i ca n't really think of many americans that have been on mock the week but i know there has been some . 
  we also often have canadians on there , stewart francis and katheryn ryan . 
  the australian adam hall has been on a few times , and he hosts his own show called the last leg . 
  why does it matter if british people host american shows ? 
  yes actually there is , but why does it matter ? 
  so as soon as they make it to a camp in turkey they stop being refugees ? 
  i went back to watch some clips last night and i have to disagree , he was very funny to me, 
  i did n't say all americans like him , i said he 's more popular in america, 
  you lap up what the big media tells you to think , and then as soon as someone starts pointing out the idiocy , you just claim you do n't want foreigners telling you what to think . 
  ca n't you see the hypocrisy ? 
  how does your kitchen work without grounded appliances ? 
  the british version of / r/murica except / r/murica became real, 
  true , but that 's a completely different type of comedy, 
  you 've completely misinterpreted what i said as an attempt to distance me/the uk from him and his comedy . 
  i think he 's quite funny , but his comedy is more suited for an american audience hence why he has a tv show in america not the uk he even makes jokes quite often ( including the clip of the op ) about how he is n't popular in europe, 
  glad we 've got the nation 's official adjudicator of humour here to tell us what is and is n't funny he went because he was offered more money , obviously, 
  i did n't see your / s when i was writing my comment so i may have come across a bit angry !, 
  sorry mate !, 
  no , the refugees reaching europe are mostly men , there are millions of women , children and elderly refugees living in camps in turkey that these young men have risked everything to try and get to europe for . 
  they want to be able to seek asylum and then get their family to be able to come and join them . 
  there is no logic in bringing a bunch of kids across a journey they could possibly die , if you 're only going to be turned back you have to realise that for everyone one of the refugee young men you see walking into europe , there is an elderly mother , a wife , brothers , sisters , possibly some children too , and they 're all hoping , perhaps in vain , that the young father of the family will be able to get them the passage they need to get out of the shitholes of temporary camps they are in ask yourself , could you walk away from your family and walk the entire length of europe , to a land where you wo n't know the language , the culture , the people or how to fit in , because your family is so desperate you need to do so ? 
  it 's intended for an american audience , so the humour wo n't translate perfectly he used to be a guest on some british comedy panel shows and was very funny , he 's just playing up to his role which is absolutely fine, 
   dqw4 heh , i know that url, 
  it 's also much worse than what rt posted, 
  if the bbc quoted the leader of isis as saying jews must die , it does n't make the bbc antisemitic, 
  yeah that 's what i said , talking finnish, 
  have you even heard finnish ? 
  it 's definitely the language of people that rarely speak ... 
  / quit, 
  i purposefully speak spanish poorly to annoy argentinians that 's my excuse and i 'm sticking to it, 
   i mean , that 's their name in spanish and really does n't have to do with politics . 
  if it had nothing to do with politics then there 'd be no reason for it to be there . 
  if the whole argentina thing was ignored then there 'd be no more reason to have their spanish name there than their french or german name it 's like google maps giving france the official title `` france ( frankreich ) '' or poland `` poland ( \u041f\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u0430 ) '', 
  that 's fucking hilarious . 
  i wish it was our flag now, 
  poland smells amazing because it 's basically coal fires everywhere . 
  so good, 
  technically neither do planes, 
  source ? 
  formula 1 is trying to force the cars to be closed cockpit . 
  that 's the defining character of formula cars ... 
  that was class 3 , after class 1 - how to do the sickest burnouts and class 2 - why the bitches just love a loud exhaust, 
   there are hundreds of songs about ww2 and the germans . 
  none of which contain any references from the last 50 years :(, 
  take another look at the ireland line . 
  do you really call that a plateau ? 
  wales and scotland have plateau 'd ( with small recent rises because of modern agriculture and immigration ) , ireland has not, 
  thanks not sarcastic , promise, 
  just pointing out how pathetic youre being, 
  * tell alternative facts, 
  because why bother having serious political discussion when you can just mock people with condescension it is the juncker way after all, 
  great argument , congrats, 
  yeah because those people clearly were n't annoyed about being slapped in the face, 
  you know nothing about me so do n't pretend you do . 
  i 'm not here to protect or stand up for farage or johnson , merely to show the double standard when juncker slaps leaders round the face he 's a lad you could go for drinks with , when farage calls him a damp rag he gets called a scumbag , a cunt , vermin etc i think they 're both despicable people and politicians , that are both highly undiplomatic . 
  yet the reaction is better for one even when he acts worse than the other, 
  yeah because obviously humour ca n't be found without slapping heads of state round the face and making a mockery of them . 
  by a high level elected official . 
  just imagine the shit storm on r/europe if farage or bojo did something like this, 
  many professional and semi professional poker players live in malta because the weather is great , its cheap , there 's tons of poker , and the taxation is quite good . 
  the age for poker is 18 for foreigners , but to protect young and impressionable locals from being drawn in to casinos the age for maltese nationals is 25, 
  quite hairy , very little , fat , and bald err, 
  they do if you eat them from the back and not the front, 
  yeah but the icelandic football team are international goliaths , hardly a fair comparison right guys ? 
  ^ ^ right ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ please ?
