  elves, 
  rekt, 
  jeez , that video takes me back like 8 or 9 years lol, 
  what is that even meant to mean ? 
  you know brits are europeans right ? 
  ] ( https://threads.werindia.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/antilla-threads-werindia1.jpg ), 
  but damn its comfy, 
  what a fucking embarrassment, 
  pretty sure that 's not relevant to the discussion . 
  that 's pretty pathetic, 
  and if you accidentally put in two t 's in catalu\u00f1a i 'm sure your entire point would be invalid, 
  actually poland took over a few years ago but meh, 
  you do n't have to be anti europe to be anti eu , and i say that as a strong remainer, 
  pretty sure british comedy is world renowned but ok, 
  i 'm sure you can speak fluent spanish with no mistakes, 
  welcome to the new r/europe , where russians and brits are pissed on with equal circlejerking, 
  you tried your best and ultimately failed , but b + for effort, 
  only the spanish could aim for britain and do [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0f/routes_of_the_spanish_armada.gif ) maybe it was just god looking out for his righteous people , not silly catholics either way , we still have your rock, 
  learn to sail , noobs !, 
  warranty is several years but i get what you 're saying . 
  i do n't think that 's the case in the uk , not what i 've heard anyway, 
  weird , not seen that way here . 
  i mean , they 're not held up as examples of cars that run for decades , but i do n't think i 've heard anyone complain about reliability or build quality, 
  rely on stronger allies like normal jk , luv u portugal, 
  miniature american flags, 
  explains why britain is so close behind them, 
  i said it further up but tons of old records were made in west germany . 
  a large portion of my music from the 70s and 80s has that printed on the back , 
  you 've taken the singapore approach to exporting wars, 
  when the uk joined the eec it was a massive shakeup in new zealand because so much of the country was reliant on sheep and dairy exports , of which the vast majority were to the uk . 
  they had to radically change their agricultural industry , and are now world leaders in many aspects . 
  pretty cool really, 
  but you do it * so well *, 
  i like to imagine your single car key is a large portion of the portuguese economy, 
  portubros 1373 best year . 
  get rekt spain, 
  sure thing buddy, 
  finland is a japanese fishing colony so it makes sense . 
  it 's all part of the finland conspiracy, 
  are bmws seen as bad quality in the us ? 
   you can probably tell by now that i 'm a simple man that enjoys simple pleasures . 
  no your flair was on your first comment too, 
  aww , the leaf thinks his country has always provided military defense of its own land, 
  many of my records have ` made in west germany ' printed on them , makes me smile every time i read it, 
  you have to adhere to eu standards to sell anything in the eu , that 's kind of the point of the eu, 
  and nz . 
  i think half the minis i see here have british flags on their roof/mirrors/bonnet, 
  i would n't be surprised if this is feraris year . 
  their car is clearly capable of being faster than mercedes, 
  i also hope this silver lining is the republicans being forced to show their true side in the next 4 years . 
  whether they 're willing to stand up to their own president or roll over onto their constituents will be quite telling . 
  it 's getting harder to justify trickle down economics and private healthcare to the american people when they 've been feeding them lies about obamacare for years . 
  now they have the chance to change that and they 're stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  either repeal and fuck their constituents which is election losing , or dont repeal and get the far right ( eg freedom caucus/tea party ) to throw up a massive stink . 
  their party seems to be quite fragile right now , and with a strong , united democratic party they could really do a lot of damage control, 
  democrats will not take the senate in 2018 . 
  they have 25 senators to reelect compared to the republicans 8 . 
  if you factor out safe reelections like ny , ca , tx , etc. 
  then it 's 11 democrat seats up for election and 2 republican seats . 
  even if they take both republican seats and retain all of their own ( not * highly * unlikely ) then they 'll still be a minority in the senate . 
  the good news is because they have a significantly large minority they can block the republicans forcing things through with a 60-40 vote and filibuster any legislature that is exceptionally damaging, 
  now i 'm not saying he is linked to russia , but his campaign manager was receiving millions of dollars from the russian government to further russian political agendas for many years while living in trump tower ... 
  i think its safe to assume at least significant interactions went on at this point i think by this paul ryan knows trump is a sinking ship and is doing everything he can politically to push through his own agenda before trump gets ousted . 
  democrats need to stay strong and unite until the fbi release their report and take action, 
  no headline that starts `` donald trump * verb * ... '' should really make you double take any more lol, 
  bloody double standards !, 
  we need to march for british rights !, 
  also whoever down voted that 's quite a petty response to a sarcastic joke, 
  that 's not a biscuit !, 
  i feel cheated !, 
  nah , you 're honorary british, 
  lots of people know what the pale was, 
  i 'm not justifying either , i do n't think either can be justified , but he was trying to justify one . 
  read his later comments, 
  exactly , but i 'm sure big brother will find a way to force more spying bs on us somehow, 
   in the end they were as bad as each other , but the ira did n't throw the first stone . 
  this is what kids say . 
  `` he hit me first !, 
  i had to fight back ! '', 
  i think your reading comprehension sucks, 
  i 've literally never made such claims, 
   i thought we were discussing the 1970s and 1980s ? 
  the uk had a universal franchise since 1918 . 
  which totally justifies attacking civilians that were n't involved 2 or 3 generations later , right ? 
   the `` old '' ira and the irb had no problem with planting bombs , including no warning ones that killed civilians . 
    the british people choose to start a sectarian murder war of their own free will , so your point about threatening catholics does n't hold . 
  this hypocrisy . 
  the british public chose to murder innocent catholics no more than the irish public chose to bomb british civilians . 
   as for the ww2 comparison ; well once you 've seen one set of violent germans thinking that their neighbours are inferiors that are alright to kill , you 've seen them all have n't you ? 
  no , but in general if your ideology is that your neighbours are inferior , or you have a right to kill them , then you 've gone horribly wrong . 
  this goes for all nations . 
   that said , since you complained about being victimised by the past , i 'm sure you 'll go all the way and agree that british people should stop stunts like trying to get ireland to join the commonwealth for example . 
  course they should , i 've got no problem with irish independence or irish people , and brits that want them back or want to force them back are just ignorant , vast majority are n't malicious . 
  and that 's not the same as blaming current brits for actions against the irish  if you didnt want to hear opinions that made you angry , why are you in a thread about martin mcguinness ? 
  am i not allowed to be involved in political discussions that i have emotional opinions on ? 
  because i 'd love to see where this leads to ... `` dear ira , if you do n't want to hear opinions that make you angry , why are you involving yourselves in internal british politics ? '', 
  you 're not responding to the question , which is why i down voted . 
  i asked a question and you dodged it with some other shit . 
  i did n't think that added to the conversation , so i used the down vote as it is meant to be used . 
   irish independence was gained through terrorism , so yes in at least one case .
