   finland  the netherlands it 's treason then, 
  if you were able to opt out of it there 'd be no point having it that 'd be completely moronic  there is no free treatment . 
  * yawn * play another tune, 
  horse meat raised for slaughter , yes . 
  not the shit they found in tesco burgers, 
  it 's not just a cultural issue . 
  horse meat is fine if you 're aware of it and the horses were raised for slaughter . 
  if they were pumped with chemicals and hormones , it ai n't good regardless if what animal it is, 
  health insurance is fine if there 's a system in place for those without it . 
  in the uk you can have private medical insurance and go to a private hospital or pay thousands for treatment the government would give you for free . 
  difference is flexibility , time to be seen , and quality of care, 
  when less people have medical insurance in the us , more people die as a result . 
  they leave it too late then go to the emergency department and have some serious illness that could have been caught earlier . 
  it 's not as common for food poisoning as it is for things like cancer or heart attacks but it 's certainly a real issue, 
  needlessly slaughtering animals since way-too-long-ago haha, 
  if you were only 18 when the war started you 'd be 96 , and this was 3 years ago so 93 . 
  old , but not exactly crazily old, 
  reminds me of sayid in lost when they ask him what squadron he served in during the gulf war and he says republican guard, 
  yeah i assumed as much , was just saying how that is the normal routine not what the other guy had heard , 
  propaganda , it 's a helluva drug, 
  they were russian sleeper targets, 
  there 's a perception of eastern europeans in the uk , being pushed by tabloids and politicians , that they take british jobs , undercut our wages , and send the money back to poland/romania/etc and it ruins our economy really it 's the `` 1 % '' exploiting the masses , the banks destroying the markets , and the government driving down funding for the public services we need , letting them collapse , and blaming it on immigrants https://youtu.be/gtwa3jqn1pg, 
  kids are just cunts though , they bully each other for any slight difference . 
  they may have heard their parents complaining about poles so they pick on her for being polish . 
  kids just are awful , really tragic, 
  i dunno who said that to you but it generally is n't the case . 
  they keep a record of it every lesson but i 've never seen a teacher ring up a parent during a class to find a missing student . 
  maybe at the end of the class they 'd follow it up if they were in earlier on in the day , but i ca n't imagine it would have made it easier to find her earlier, 
  whatever, 
   why should they know the details of how another country works . 
  because they have been educated in it ? 
  do n't be a patronising cunt just because you and i have differences of opinion, 
  i 'm not trying to say he was anything but that , but he also had pretty clear opinions on western europe which he made abundantly clear in his books and actions, 
  to be fair , calling the us `` america '' is a lot more accurate than calling the uk `` england '', 
  exactly , both incorrect !, 
  however nl does refer to itself as holland occasionally haha , but not in an official diplomatic setting, 
  no he did n't . 
  you 're misunderstanding what his views for europe post-wwii were . 
  he was fine with france , spain , britain , portugal , italy having their independence and all . 
  he wanted german power to spread east , to destroy the slavs and jews of eastern europe . 
  obviously he did n't want to be rivals with france or britain etc. 
  but he also did n't want to be at war with them . 
  he actually saw britain as natural allies of nazi germany . 
  germany rules the continent , britain rules the seas . 
  you 're right , he did want alsace-lorraine , but he also made it clear he did n't have the intention of fighting britain or france . 
  he would have taken alsace-lorraine had he won the war , definitely . 
  but would he optionally have invaded france just for it ? 
  highly unlikely . 
  he definitely would have become allied to the uk if the chance arose, 
  if someone does n't understand that america is divided into states that have their own legislatures but come together to form one nation then i do n't think there 's any excuse other than lack of education, 
  and clearly as hitler and napoleon showed it works so much better in the summer ? 
  they easily would have , because they stormed france with not their entire weight and britain did n't exactly have the largest army to help out . 
  france could n't even defend its own country , do n't act like they could have invaded germany easily with britain 's help . 
  you 're underestimating the might of the german army in 1939 compared to britain and france . 
  i mean for a year or so they were ripping through russia . 
  i do n't think you need to tell me the differences between britain and a federation haha , just do n't understand how this concept is exactly difficult to anyone such that they will think england and britain are the same thing, 
  even in the battle of waterloo the prussian army was twice the size of the british army , which alone against france would have been destroyed easily, 
  so poland would have come out better if it was n't allied to britain and france ? 
  which is why invading russia never works . 
  but invading in the winter us the best option you can go for, 
  and you think while britain is mounting an invasion on germany with their token 1939 forces , germany would just be like `` oh shit , that looks bad , we better not put our entire army on trains across our heavily industrialised nation and have them ready to fight the british in a few weeks '' ??? 
  come on , do n't be ignorant . 
  britain did n't have the men or the machinery to mount any meaningful invasion of germany in 1939, 
  hitler did n't want war with france or britain . 
  if he could have invaded poland without them joining the war he 100 % would have taken the chance . 
  he actually saw britain as natural allies of germany , and france as peaceful neighbours . 
  he put germany above all else , hence why he invaded poland for the german people ( his opinion ) , but if france of britain did n't declare on him he almost definitely would n't have declared on them, 
  winter is the best time to invade . 
  you attack quick and hard in the bitter months , and by the time your supply line is hundreds of miles long into enemy territory , the summer has come and weather is better . 
  hitler and napoleon both invaded in the summer . 
  invading in the early winter is the right way to do it, 
  the first couple of years britain did n't exactly do a whole lot militarily against germany . 
  many people think this would have saved eastern europe from german occupation . 
  these people are dumb, 
   and that bargain was shit . 
  it was one sided in poland 's favour not really true . 
  true in the sense that poland could n't defend france or britain , but not true that it did n't further british and french goals . 
  it essentially guaranteed neither russia nor germany would be able to expand through eastern europe . 
  the idea was to keep germany contained , as they were n't exactly trusted to not go invade all of europe again . 
  had germany given a shit about fighting france and britain then it would have been a great deterrent . 
  kinda like how nato exists despite almost solely benefiting the baltic states at america 's cost ( and the other major contributors ofc ), 
  i think you overestimate the power of the british army in 1939 . 
  germany had us absolutely tanked on the land . 
  maybe we could have sent hundreds of thousands of kids to their deaths in 1939 to slow the progression of germany into poland but ultimately the invasion would have failed and poland would still have been cut apart, 
  what the fuck was britain really meant to do in this situation . 
  we did n't have an army anywhere near capable of storming france and holding it against the german army . 
  we did what we could with the blockade and naval warfare . 
  britain 's never been a land power , and it likely never will be . 
  it 's a naval power and a technical power , and that 's what it brought to the war, 
   as if it 's not fucking confusing . 
  it 's actually incredibly simple . 
  you 'd think for someone coming from a country literally called `` united states ... '' you 'd be able to understand the concept that a country can be split into smaller subdivisions . 
  we just have more differences between our 4 than your 50, 
  you 're mistaking the word colloquial for the word incorrect, 
   what matters is proper balance between too harsh ( because it is right to have punishment ) i still see no reason why being poor should be punishable, 
   this is rational , if you live from paycheck to paycheck , then you either have too high spending or too bad job . 
  you 're not wrong , per se . 
  but you need to realise the reality of the situation . 
  there are people that do 40 hour weeks at one job , do night shifts every few days , and weekend work when they can get it . 
  in their available time they 're sleeping or spending what little time they can with their family `` spend less ! '',
