  it was n't a `` pick yes and you 'll be independent tomorrow '' question , it was going to be a long process over several years to make sure it happened efficiently and properly . 
  while i personally want scotland to stay in the union , if the result had been yes then i do not believe the government would have rejected their result . 
  it would not have been in their interests at all . 
  london ? 
  the city ? 
  has no power . 
  if by the government then it is much more than london and the country is n't just london . 
  anyway , yes they would have respected it . 
  it was the government that gave them the referendum in the first place, 
  yes but spain do n't want catalonia to leave at any cost . 
  the uk gave scotland the choice . 
  big difference, 
  that 's fear mongering on the uk 's part, 
  why would the uk try and block scotland ? 
  if they get independence we will want to get stronger bonds not shun them . 
  there 's no reason the uk would say no to scotland joining the eu . 
  international politics is n't as childish as you imagine, 
  the eu is n't about rewarding countries for being rich it 's about trying to make the poorer countries brought up to their standard . 
  that would n't happen with an `` eu gold membership '' , that would just lead to the rich countries getting richer while the rest still struggle . . 
  the brit is the funniest one there , they could just move legally as it 's eu, 
  mostly fsa i should say then, 
  because it 's his country . 
  while i agree with the airstrikes the argument is that it is his country , would we be ok with other countries bombing our country if there was a terrorist organisation within it ? 
  because we did such a great job in iraq, 
  you know this comment would actually be funny if people did n't seriously think like that, 
  the alternative is what exactly ? 
  let fsa control the country ? 
  what could possibly go wrong . 
  honestly the only way out of this i see is putting rebellions down while russia negotiates with assad to make a more democratic country . 
  i think we just need to stop being so pig-headed , no pun intended , and agree that russia might actually have the better plan for syria . 
  the difference is in libya we just destroyed the government and then walked away . 
  we are n't even attacking the government here , if we kill everyone in isis ( unlikely ) then there would still be a powerful government controlling the country . 
  we need to confront isis before we can fully tackle the civil war . 
  isis has become more dangerous in syria . 
  isis in iraq is much less dangerous . 
  isis in iraq were almost ready to siege baghdad . 
  now they are hundreds of miles back , losing ground . 
  bombing campaigns do work , and when we have the un , france and the us all saying we should be doing it , i have to agree, 
  russia were n't bombing isis , they 've mainly been fighting fsa, 
  to play devils advocate iraq requested foreign intervention to protect them from isis , assad does n't want the west to be involved and is happy with working with russia to get rid of isis . 
  the un says otherwise , which is why i agree, 
  as a brit i 'm glad we 're taking this action . 
  western air strikes is the main reason , coupled with kurdish fighters , that baghdad is n't an isis stronghold and iraq is regaining its land . 
  hopefully we can do our bit to ending this violent group and bringing in chance for relative peace for syria and its people . 
  why would they ? 
  it 's not like anyone in israel is going to start getting sympathetic feelings towards hitler 's struggle with jews, 
  yeah but everyone knows belgium does n't exist . 
  there 's just upper france and lower netherlands, 
  racist !, 
  oh . . right ... 
  metal fatigue ? 
  the plane was thoroughly checked through by france last year before being sold . 
  like , perhaps it broke since then , but you 'd have thought they 'd find something before hand ? 
  the french are meticulous about these checks , plus they need to be maintained to proper standards to even fly in europe anyway . 
  doubt it was just fatigue tbh ... 
  well your bias is really hard to work out is n't it !, 
  and the best way to teach that is to force two people from every society to go and listen to feminists blah on for 2 hours ? 
  a message he sent me on facebook at the time :  j -- s ------  16/10/2015 19:29  `` when gay men are raped , they are feminized ''  the actual word they used was femaleized, 
  they had to because they run the society , and if the union do n't back your society its very hard to do anything at all it was the pool society as well . 
  because if there 's any group of people that need to be told to not have sex it 's the 20 year old blokes that would rather push balls around a table than chase tail, 
  not true at all, 
  my mates su forced two people from every society to go to a lecture on rape and consent to try to spread these messages throughout the university . 
  they forced them to go to a lecture on consent . 
  the irony . 
  we should trade and work with iran , and sanction and push away saudi arabia . 
  oh and also this country should take more debt , borrow a bit more , and respend that money on housing . 
  we have a massive lack of housing , and almost all the money borrowed would be returned in tax . 
  but hey , `` borrowing '' and `` debt '' = bad , apparently, 
  i meant they were against raising them but wanted to lower them . 
  the focus was really on them lowering taxes . 
  poor wording , i appologise . 
  i did n't say they should raise it either . 
  this is the problem , you just keep straw-manning instead of addressing the actual issue about loopholes in the system . 
  it 's obvious neither of us are going to change our opinion so we may as well leave it, 
  i did n't say they were evil , i said they are against raising corporate taxes and closing up loopholes . 
  how can you deny that ? 
  he was there for 25 years though . 
  i think the consensus from the sa government is these people can make and consume their own alcohol if it never leaves their small compounds . 
  if they try moving it around and selling it , then they will get involved . 
  he was probably doing that , or else they would have left him alone . 
  good !, 
  yes but facebook do n't have to list them as employees which is the crucial difference . 
  facebook pays an agency which manage the employees and give them their wage . 
  facebook , therefore , does n't employ them , the agency does . 
  for example , let 's say i know a lot of window cleaners . 
  you need your windows cleaned . 
  you say you 'll give me # 30 if i get your windows cleaned . 
  i hire a guy to do it for # 25 and keep the # 5 . 
  you hired nobody , you paid me to get a job done and i hired somebody to do it . 
  the government could do something if we voted in people that care about actually changing these laws . 
  however , we vote in the tories . 
  such is life . 
  was in coventry the other week , i saw their breeding ground . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  thought the whole thing was, 
  it 's been leaked online, 
  oh a nazi joke , how original and utterly hilarious, 
  canada is n't part of the us so should north america be renamed ? 
  no , what complete bollocks, 
  ireland is not british , british means from the uk .
