while it happened outside an army base , you ca n't expect the army to roll out onto the streets of london without a lot political problems . 
  i remember a speech at my school from a guy that used to be in the armed response unit and he said a lot of time is getting to the scene from where they are based in central london . 
  it is hard to justify having a lot of armed response units on constant patrol unless you have constant need for them , such as airports or tube stations . 
  who is the third ? 
  out of interest, 
  and uk at third largely due to shitty contracts and bullshit hours, 
  but not into nordic, 
  true that being said , i wish our government would build a massive motorway going all around our coast for the simple reason of `` boats are too slow and we have loads of money so fuck it '', 
  probably because it is based in the uk and no longer operates in iceland ? 
  even on your drive ? 
  crazy guy, 
   some communist nutjob takes his place , but in that case , diplomacy could start all over again i 'm not sure you know how communism works, 
  i wonder what the long term costs would be . 
  considering how expensive tidal maintenance is here in the uk already , seems like this wall would need very high maintenance . 
  and how that would compare to nuclear running costs , since that seems to be its intended opposition of the low-carbon sources . 
  either way , seems like a pretty neat thing to do , and if it is n't as expensive as other sources i say full steam ahead !, 
  that 's why the isle of man is in a pink circle, 
  i 'd imagine largely by not giving a fuck about the speed limit lol, 
  i do n't understand why we do n't have hidden cameras . 
  it must be the only law that you have to be told when not to break it . 
  odd, 
  you would say that , filthy belgian !, 
  you are , however , the world leader in overpopulating your plate with cabbages, 
  so if they were trying to escape from assad and were ok with living under isis why did n't they just travel east and pledge allegiance to isis instead of spending thousands to leave the country entirely ? 
  you literally just proved my point . 
  my point is they have left because they do n't want to be living in a place where a rampant militant group is slaughtering civilians , make it unsafe to live and are threatening their own country . 
  and you do n't think that 's the reason , you think it 's because they 're at war ? 
  you 're much thicker than i thought you were . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/116062/horr37-report.pdf this is a good paper on refugees in the uk . 
  i really advise you read it . 
  i guess that 's why several million of them have left then is n't it ? 
  so it 's either live under isis regime or live without water and electricity ? 
  yeah i can see why they 'd love to stay there, 
  nope, 
  good job asylum seekers are pretty good at assimilating then , especially the rich ones, 
  you 're worried about refugees that just had their houses and lives destroyed by isis turning into extremists ? 
  why the hell would they do that ? 
  if they wanted to join they would have done so in fucking syria not spend shit loads of money to get to germany and then decide to go back . 
  i think finland has 100 % , finns repel each other like two negative poles on magnets, 
   on a completely different timeline than the current crisis , which may well be over in a year or two . 
  while i agree with your point , syria is n't going to be safe by the end of 2017 . 
  it 's going to take a seriously long time to make the middle east peaceful in the long term, 
  it 's funny actually , i only do sudokus when i 'm on holiday on a beach on the med ... must be something about the place, 
   we all have human rights . 
  that 's the very meaning of human rights and then  we do n't owe them anything , but still are bringing them by the thousands and allowing them to make our societies worse ... ... . . 
  britain is n't surrounded by any countries ??? 
  i mean i get islands are easier to defend than land borders , but it 's not like we have a buffer zone all the way around us . 
  i think you should give sri lanka a go . 
  then you wo n't have to worry about all these border mishaps, 
  reminds me of the joke/story in hyperinflated germany where a man was waiting in line to buy some bread and someone ran up , grabbed the wheelbarrow , threw the money out and ran off with it, 
   the french orders a glass of wine moron . 
  should have asked for tap water and it would have been free . 
  \\  catalonia \\  spaniard here woah man , careful there !, 
  brit here . 
  brb , kicking a hungarian, 
  you 've completely missed his point, 
  i 'm not sure if they have taken any yet but they plan to take them from the registered camps in turkey and lebanon . 
  they will also be deciding who gets to come , and working with the un high commission for refugees to decide that . 
  we also need to take more in but that 's another matter . 
  the camps are not permanent places to stay . 
  that is why the british government ( among others ) are only taking refugees from the camps . 
  the people in the camps are not safe , they can still seek asylum . 
  especially kurds in turkish camps, 
  yeah i was gunna say . 
  most first year dorms in the uk are smaller than that but for single people . 
  after that most people rent private houses in groups . 
  yeah but why do you say it, 
  why do you say ce ? 
  to be fair that looks just like a university dorm in the uk, 
  i meant people did n't speak our reconstruction . 
  it 's just out best guess, 
  latin is the proto-language of romance languages , it is not a proto-language in the way pie is . 
  i 'm talking about reconstructed languages , not the ancestors or languages . 
  we did n't reconstruct latin as it is commonly known throughout the known world since it was first spoken . 
   proto-indo-european ( pie ) is the linguistic reconstruction of the common ancestor of the indo-european languages . 
  that 's my point , the language is n't one that has a record of being spoken or written . 
  latin has many many sources . 
  people still know fluent latin because they have been taught it by other people that speak and write latin . 
  this is n't the case for pie, 
  people spoke parts of it in different places at different times in different contexts . 
  it was n't a language as we think of them today , it 's a constructed hypothetical . 
  no that 's not what a proto-language is . 
  look them up, 
  that 's not how proto-languages work . 
  proto-languages are n't actually a defined language , it 's just a hypothetical language created by tracing back all the real languages that came from it . 
  nobody ever spoke or wrote in `` proto-indo-european '' however people did and still do speak and write in latin . 
  simply being the ancestral language of another is n't enough to be `` proto '', 
  latin is n't a proto language . 
  indo-european is . 
  latin was a developed language that came after ` indo-european ' . 
  it is in the italic family of languages within proto-indo-european, 
  it does by destroying the economy . 
  while it may be almost entirely peaceful to live in kiev , the economy is on the fucking floor . 
  it 's cheaper for me to fly to kiev from london luton , stay in a hotel for a long weekend , go out and get blind drunk every night and then fly back on tuesday than it is for me to do the same on a train into london . 
  you think that has no affect on the country ? 
  wars such as ? 
  also , i 'd like to point out , if we 're playing this `` you started it therefore it 's your problem '' game ... a lot of refugees coming to italy are from libya . 
  are you seriously saying italy had no play in the leading up to gaddafi coming to power ? 
  that 's because they turn up on your doorstep not because you actively try and go out and get them, 
  uk gives more money in foreign aid than germany .
