  does n't really work when the only things you 're paying for are rent , bills , and food for your family they could take less time at work , but then they would n't have enough money for above expenses . 
  they could spend less time with family , but then they 're working 80 + hour weeks instead of seeing their family  people who work from paycheck to paycheck usually only work at their jobs , and at home they do nothing useful ( at least from my experience ) . 
  spending time with a loving family is the most useful thing any human could ever do with their life . 
  any other responsibility does n't even come close to this . 
  when your options are either not buy food for your kids , never see them grow up , or continue your current path , it 's an easy choice . 
  that 's a shame, 
  do n't forget the # 74k salary , subsidised house in central london , and expenses for any work you do for your constituency although yes , cheap pints in london are a valuable commodity !, 
  it 's my language to butcher as i see fit !, 
  it 's the bloody yanks that have no right to do what they 've done ... 
  yeah , maybe . 
  i quite like it . 
  when real political debate is going on , there 's less people there so there 's more space . 
  when there 's lots of people there it gives it the unique feel of the british parliament . 
  being fair to mps ?!, 
  are you sure you 're british ? 
  that is , of course , if the nazis did n't plan the whole thing * looking at you , mr. `` i survived a coup so gim me all your power '' erdogan *, 
  not sure if joke about finns going to bar or finns having personal space bubble the size of antarctica, 
  english is the perfect language , which means you openly admit your language is 50 % imperfect . 
  checkmate froggies, 
  the real solution would be to create a supernation where all nations are equal and send delegates to a higher authority that deals with empire wide issues essentially the eu but for the british empire . 
  if such a thing existed the uk would n't leave , but i doubt they 'd ever set it up . 
  ca n't let colonies have more power than themselves , for better or worse, 
  belgium is n't a real country, 
  says the frenchman , to an american , in english , 
  the reichstag was set aflame quite famously in 1933 , it gutted the inside and contributed somewhat to hitler 's rise and power grab . 
  while some other countries have had bad fires in their parliaments , they usually rebuild them similar to how they were before . 
  germany decided to have a grand modern interior, 
  it is n't normally as full as you whenever you see it on tv . 
  it normally fills up on wednesday for prime ministers questions , then half of them fuck off to the free bar and get drunk at our expense . 
  occasionally it 's very full for debates and passing of bills that are hugely devisive . 
  because they are caused by different things than international wars and they 're on a much larger scale economically than international war, 
  a river and some fences ? 
  civil wars do n't count, 
  which was n't brought about by the eu, 
  turkey is n't in the eu though, 
   ~ ~ american ~ ~ * imperialism * has never and never will be peaceful . 
  it 's extremely easy to fake your reasons for war if turkey lies and says greece attacked first , nato would either have to abandon greece , or attack turkey when they could be defending themselves . 
  best thing to do is sit back and wait until they know all the info , which could be a long time luckily nato members are all at peace with each other , relatively, 
  did n't stop qatar, 
  there was definitely outcry at the tories for this event and it 's management, 
  this is exactly why it needs to be given in context . 
  he never said we should accept terrorism as standard for a big city , he said big cities should be prepared for them , including proper policing , social involvement , and a bunch of other things . 
  you make it sound like he said `` terrorism is the norm in big cities so get used to it '' when in reality what he actually said was `` terrorism happens in big cities so we need to be prepared for it '' ( paraphrased ) that makes sense to you , no ? 
  do n't you think our police should train for terrorist events ? 
  because that 's what he 's suggesting , and is what police forces in major western countries are doing . 
  all he did is put into words what police chiefs all over the world have rolled out already, 
  i think it 's fairly clear im using the dictionary definition, 
  if you do n't even know what classism is then why are you commenting ? 
  of course we are n't living in feudal times but that does n't mean classism is n't a huge issue in this country . 
  having a pm that went to a state school does n't mean we no longer have classism the same way her being a woman does n't mean we no longer have sexism . 
  there 's a huge wealth divide in this country that 's being driven wider and wider apart every year . 
  the internet and easyjet wo n't fix that . 
  because it 's an easy way to district people from the fact that the uk is being ripped apart by classism, 
  brussels is n't a country, 
  totally non problematic , but i would n't say any ethnicity is specifically problematic . 
  maybe socioeconomic groupings , but that 's the case in every country . 
  more deprived areas = more crime = more deprivation = more crime , etc. 
  although yes , indians in the uk are probably the best story of an ethnic minority integrating into a very different culture . 
  not only have they created us a national cuisine , their influence on our music for example is profound . 
  after white britons they 're the least likely ethnic group to be in poverty , and a majority are middle class , which in the uk has a more profound effect on someone 's life than their ethnicity, 
  that 's a very broad spectrum though . 
  normally it 's overseeing a lot of the other minister 's jobs . 
  you ca n't expect one minister to be responsible for everything that happens in england and wales, 
  is joke, 
  we had that 100 years ago :(, 
  sadly we have both :(, 
  yeah , geoblocked for the uk . 
  works on vpn but i cba to set up the vpn just for a youtube video , and most people do n't have one i think sky atlantic has the rights in the uk so they probably request it be blocked so people have to pay for their service , but i do n't know why other companies do n't do that ( although sky are complete pricks - read : do their job effectively - when it comes to rights enforcement ), 
  i tried that but the video does n't play . 
  youpak has shitty players , i try and avoid it, 
  mirror for uk ? 
  cool, 
  in those countries ? 
  or me ? 
  what kind of coup does n't secure the capture of the president ? 
  come on ... `` they nearly shot down his plane ! '', 
  says who ? 
  him ? 
  yeah , i bet they nearly did ... turkey is no stranger to coups , this is such a farce . 
  i hate to compare people to hitler but this is exactly what he did to drum up support and give himself more powers while in state of emergency ... hmm ... 
  finland is majority against more european federalism, 
  grab them by the pussy ? 
  it 's not a hypocritical critique if i do n't support any of these things plus the us is still invading countries for financial and dumb political gains, 
  just because a lot of money rests on it does n't mean you should be violating countries ' sovereignty, 
  if you get rid of the nl , denmark , sweden and finland too ... 
  there 's also dual carriageways that are 40 mph and 50 mph having split lanes does n't dictate the speed unless it 's national speed limit where i live there 's a road that is single carriageway , no hard shoulder , footpath down one sides , andd one lane each way . 
  it 's a 60mph road . 
  it then goes into a roundabout where the road coming out the other side is a dual carriageway with two lanes both ways , no footpath and flat grass on both sides . 
  that 's a 50 mph road . 
  makes no sense, 
  no , you have to register to vote in the uk i believe it 's because we do n't have a system of national ids, 
  i will donate my dick to marx, 
  you should know lol maybe i 'm thinking of new zealand ... 
  minimum wage in australia is like $ 17 / hour though, 
  can we just take a minute to recognise that # 5 / pint is still extortionate . 
  i run a bar in herts but still , fuck me , price of alcohol in the home counties/london is totally fucked when i travelled in nz all the germans would go on about how expensive alcohol was and it felt normal to me $ 8 to $ 10 was normal, 
  and you thought that was high ? 
  do n't forget about spoons ( i try to ), 
  technically there 's a difference between india and indian, 
  as a german you should n't accept `` perfectly serviceable '' when it comes to beer,
