  no , lithuania used to be massive , all the way down to the black sea, 
  skewed survey maybe ? 
  do n't know . 
  might account for some, 
  you take things too seriously, 
  jesus , just had a browse through your account history ... do you ever talk about anything that is n't muslims or immigrants ? 
  beyond waffles and chips what is there ? 
  you ca n't `` land in prison for saying the wrong thing about muslims or jews '' you can land in prison for inciting violence and hatred and threatening to kill people ... completely different, 
  probably greeks or armenians ? 
  i imagine a lot of people that could have once justified terrorism in northern ireland/ireland have had their opinion changed in the past 30 years, 
  is anyone really surprised ? 
  coming from a belgian . 
  i could take that from an italian or a spaniard , maybe even a frog ... but a * belgian * ? 
  ouch . 
  or india, 
  to be fair in official contexts they do use developing and developed, 
  why cut out the middle man when you can be the middle man ? 
  come on italy , you should n't be relying on the uk for tips on controlling organised crime, 
  portugal speaks russian , stop trying to steal from the shitrectangle, 
  do n't make it any easier for them to get drugs, 
  think he means uk and ireland in central america, 
  do n't lie , it 's for hangovers, 
  counterfeit adidas ? 
  man that 's hilarious, 
  honestly after visiting both a couple of times i prefer denmark , although admittedly i have n't spent an extended period of time in either so i ca n't say for sure about living there, 
  those are outdated terms , they do n't really mean anything any more, 
  probably because they involve mainly the us , uk and russia , who are permanent members ... 
  `` short post '' but yeah i agree , gove is just a complete twat of a human , cunt is actually an awful human being, 
  he 's not a buffoon , it 's an act kinda like george bush, 
  you obviously do n't know many teaches if you do n't think gove did anything particularly bad lol . 
  my sister is completely livid with him , despises him, 
  i guess being a permanent member of the un security council is little influence outside the eu ? 
  [ you could say that ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/e099/production/_89779475_89779474.jpg ), 
  what do you guys do ? 
  english and russian ? 
  all about that average broadband speed man, 
  on the one hand , why would an english man choose to live in france unless they were about to die ... but on the other , it 's the perfect opportunity to teach them how to speak properly ... 
  i think irish and english are deemed as native languages , but it 's something of a sore topic , to say the least, 
  no you ca n't go to the toilet, 
  jfc you still are n't answering the question . 
  being anti-israel is not the same as being anti-western you can be against israel but pro west . 
  no one is answering how they are anti western , but rather just repeatedly stating that they hate the israeli state, 
  i know the history of iran , still no one is explaining how they are anti western, 
  that does n't really answer my question . 
  he said they are anti israel and anti western . 
  being anti israel is n't being anti western, 
  you can trade with people that are n't your allies , example ; russia, 
  funny thing for a frenchman to say considering the 1560s was a time of great war for france over control of italy , and was cloaked in control over burgundy , and the monarchies at the time . 
  to say that the idea of a nation barely existed is silly . 
  if you 're trying to mean that the idea of being french did n't mean much , then that is strange wording but again not really true . 
  while people still strongly held their more local culture as being their identity , being french first was a popular concept, 
  why do we need allies ? 
  but saudi arabia killed 3000 civilians in one attack and we just ignore this like it never happened ? 
  how is iran anti-western ? 
  i get that they hate the state of israel but what do they do against the west ? 
  bit of a pointless comment i guess then anyway , there are some sleeping bags which are worth the extreme prices . 
  extreme low temperatures , for example in arctic/antarctic/very high mountains you are going to want a very pricey bag . 
  i do n't think it 's really necessary in new zealand but for hikers in the himalayas or expeditions on antarctica you are definitely going to be paying top dollar because your life literally depends on it . 
  also most things in nz cost more than europe/us because of shipping, 
  does n't change the fact you put words in my mouth, 
  did i say that ? 
  also , it should be noted that since , i assume , you 're an american , $ does n't mean usd in this case . 
  $ 1000 means nzd, 
  you are not getting a good quality bag at that temperature for less than $ 100, 
  probably eider down which comes almost exclusively from iceland . 
  you ca n't exactly ship things further than iceland to nz lol, 
  no , that 's just an extreme temperature . 
  only a rip off company is going to rate their product down to -40 if you can get it for that cheap . 
  very low temperature bags that are extremely light weight are very expensive . 
  almost always eider down , which is n't exactly cheap, 
  if assassins only cost $ 1500 per hit then there 'd be a lot more dead people lol, 
  rip, 
  is it really your trade if you 've never done it ? 
  that 's his point, 
  i think his point was that brexit was n't about race but that diluting complex issues down to just `` do you like other races '' nuances a very difficult topic . 
  i believe he is trying to highlight how dumb it is to say that not agreeing with taking in refugees is racism , by comparing it to saying that voting leave makes you a racist, 
  technically it was the eec , but the uk metricised mostly of its own accord, 
  not because of eu law but because metric is just superior to imperial in every way and everyone we trade with uses imperial, 
   it 's not just the cost of materials but it 's also the cost of materials, 
  your replies are fucking hilarious , i really wish i could be bothered to put the effort into typing out an actual response just to get you to keep replying but i ca n't haha only thing i will say is you 're clearly really young if you genuinely hold half of these beliefs lol do n't be mad though friend, 
  i was just reading through old comments out of boredom and realised how extra dumb you sound in this comment . 
  go back and actually look at that payslip . 
  it says  units : 1  rate : # 260 that 's # 260 per day not per week lmao . 
  that was an example of a week where i worked one day since i went to see family , and it was similar to the amount of money we were talking about so i could use it as an example of how you were wrong lmao, 
  what i 'm saying is that polish people do n't for the majority bake their own bread but just buy store brand bread . 
  he 's saying most polish people bake their own but i 've never seen this to be true, 
  yes, 
  old people tend to lose their minds , you should n't be judging logical choices based on the elderly, 
  i do n't actually know anyone that dislikes the french , it 's just a running joke . 
  obviously the joke is one sided , as all jokes are . 
  there 's no real hatred , it 's just fun and games, 
  yes ? 
  obviously ? 
  you 're telling me you do n't have reinforcements in your flour ? 
  no wonder you 're questioning ours so much, 
  maybe that 's why the poles are trying to learn so much about it, 
  i 've worked many jobs with polish people and they always eat branded bread like holvis , warburtons or whatever you 're talking bollocks mate, 
  whatever , suit yourself, 
  holy shit you 're really slow . 
  what i said , if you go back and read my comment , was that '' # 1.9 m '' is perfectly understandable , and it is n't until you remove the # that it becomes confusing .
