  you do n't see the difference between britain 's rule in north america vs its rule in india vs its rule in africa ? 
  yes but the point is that exploitation does change because it comes in different forms if you want to say that exploitation will never go away then say that , but the methods and reasons for exploitation are different, 
  is n't the entire point of the comic to show the opposite is true ? 
  again , why would germany want that ? 
  why would germany want to fix the euro ? 
  they 're experiencing huge amounts of trade because of how incredibly cheap they can sell their goods to the wider global market , they can undercut other high tech areas like the uk , japan , us , korea , because the euro is lower valued outside of germany germany gets far more money in international trade because of their low prices than they have to pay to keep countries like italy , greece and portugal `` afloat '', 
   brexit will be a good opportunity to reorganize this whole mess . 
  that 's the problem :( we will leave and there 'll be fundamental change within the eu and we 'll be excluded from all the free trade shit and then we 'll want back in, 
  you 'll find that 's the case in most places . 
  like in the us only a third of all households actually own a gun , but there 's like 1.2 guns to every person . 
  they do n't all own them but if they do they go hard at it, 
  `` hitting a wall '' means `` coming to a dead stop at a fixed plane '', 
  next you 'll tell me not all people from eastern europe drive donkey taxis, 
  the distance from russian bases to german cities is nothing in comparison to the vast distance across the ocean from japan or russia to us cities, 
   there is no reason to completely ridicule the possiblity of war between any two major powers , there 's no reason we ca n't ridicule it and prepare for it . 
  i personally find the idea of my country , the uk , being in armed conflict with russia in the next couple of decades as preposterous . 
  i just can not fathom any reason why it would happen , and yet i am not against funding the military to prepare for it . 
   that 's why nato is not created for the sole purpose of repelling russian aggression . 
  i 'm sorry but you know this is wrong . 
  please do n't tell me you actually believe nato was created for any reason other than repelling an expanding soviet union . 
  it has other purposes , but first and foremost is the soviet union, 
  the discussion is about whether or not a single european army could defend the entirety of europe if we disbanded the idea of nato . 
  the us plays quite a large part in this discussion . 
  haha yeah i totally agree on the russia stance . 
  perhaps a more welcoming attitude to iran will put even further pressure on russia to cooperate with the west . 
  but i feel as though there is a lot we can do to work with russia too . 
  but hey ho , such is the world , those with money will always win out, 
  hahaha this is the most bullshit novelty account i 've ever heard . 
  if you think the us `` rebuilt europe '' out of the kindness of their heart then you really have another thing coming . 
  and you are dead set on the idea that the us was n't scared of the soviet union ? 
  i guess that 's why they funneled billions into a ballistic missiles program then is n't it ? 
  the sheer size of the us military budget is testament to just how scared of russia the us was and is . 
  you do n't shovel huge portions of your country 's wealth into a war machine out of the kindness of your heart , you do it because you see an opportunity in a weak and crumbled world to power through and become a superpower . 
  do n't blame you , the uk 's done it , france has done it , germany 's done it , and god knows china is trying to do it too . 
  it 's not a bad thing to want your country to be powerful , but fuck off with the idea you `` rebuilt europe '' because you gave a single flying fuck about any of the people living there beyond their military and economic benefit . 
  because the thread is about us military spending in europe, 
  i 'm not gunna lie and pretend the us has no actual benefit to europe by being involved here but it 's not like europe could n't defend itself . 
  in fact i would argue that if the us did completely pull out of europe and nato sort of collapsed then russia could live more peacefully with europe and there would n't be need to fear about war . 
  but that 's just hypothetical , we all know that would n't happen . 
   but not all members agree with one another on defense . 
  no , not all members agree with one another on defence policy . 
  they all agree that movement into the eu must be met with military reaction . 
  germany would defend poland if only to be able to keep a proxy border with russia ( assuming russia is even the one aggressing here ) away from their own land . 
  to be fair the huge benefit here being they were doing practically no defensive fighting . 
  they experienced no actual threat to their industry and could produce at full blown steam with no fear of attack . 
  they just pumped stuff out and if it got wrecked well then we 'll build another . 
  if you 're fighting on the front lines this is n't the same , a lot of effort goes into defending your means of production , meaning your effective production efficiency is lower and your need for munitions and vehicles is higher . 
  no it is n't . 
  european armies , i.e. 
  france + uk + italy + germany , could easily repel a russian invasion for long enough to completely wreck the russian economy . 
  if they start making serious gains then france and the uk have nuclear weapons . 
  the us is in europe for its own benefit , because it wants to push it 's own agenda . 
  and hey , i do n't have a problem with that , but stop pretending the us in europe is the only thing stopping russia from steam rolling through there, 
  if our prime minister gets taken hostage by russians , can you make sure to not intervene ? 
  looks so surreal , sort of like a video game, 
  ngl i do that too but not at work, 
  `` still waiting for tits '' `` imgur link '' `` wow i wonder if i can view this at work ? '', 
  and we all lived happily ever after, 
  because the irish do n't do our work for us any more the lazy fucks, 
  and also some rock damage, 
  i dunno , bit of duct tape , a good polish , should be fine, 
  that we do !, 
  normally us brits do it on a beach in spain though  you enjoy yours too !, 
  i am and i felt like a complete twat saying it haha also that spelling mistake in this comment is cruelty to me now you 've pointed out brits do n't do corrections :(, 
  ^ ( that 's a lapel not a collar ), 
  yeah i 've definitely seen them in spain , france and italy . 
  but also portugal and turkey . 
  so maybe . 
  ca n't remember about switzerland though . 
  never been to the netherlands but visiting amsterdam in a month so will have to look out , 
  funnily enough you 'll find they 're ( the signs ) really quite rare in the uk as well . 
  it 's definitely a continental europe thing , i never saw them in the us/ca either, 
  or welsh jews ? 
  `` permanently '', 
  i dont understand how the amount of people in a country affects anything, 
  i do n't understand why this is an issue at all, 
  is that bad ? 
  but iceland is twice the size of denmark ... 
  iceland no question about it, 
  thats why i voted vatican, 
  why not iceland . 
  it 's all of those things but more, 
  now ~ ~ kith ~ ~ slaughter, 
  hey , you should hang out with niger http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/niger_fe0207_170842.jpg, 
   we do but maybe that is just something dutch to do , btw for any country or institution we do this , paris for france , moscow for russia , and washington for the usa . 
  generally that 's for external issues , not for internal matters . 
   it was never that kind of option , there were no real promises or ideas of what would have happened if scotland have voted yes , that 's the fault of the yes party , nothing to do with the government  take for example the oil and gas , 90 % of it is located in scottish waters but also a vital part of the british economy yes that is why the government want to keep scotland despite it being an economic negative on the uk . 
  as for what the uk would have done if scotland left , either diversify the energy sector more or create a trade deal with scotland to ensure we buy their oil and gas from them . 
   why would the uk accept the scottish request to join the eu ?? 
  because after respecting the wishes of the scottish people , the government has no incentive to not let scotland into the eu . 
  if scotland is already an independent country , what can the uk do ? 
  act as if it did n't happen or scotland does n't exist ? 
  ridiculous . 
  government 's are n't children , scotland in the eu is much better than scotland out of the eu , for all parties involved . 
  shunning scotland just weakens the uk 's position in the eu and in the world , working with them strengthens that position . 
   i hope scotland will receive its independence i do not , it would be a bad thing for scotland , a bad thing for the uk , and reduce both of their positions in the world . 
  i am glad the people of scotland saw sense to vote no . 
  it would not be better for the eu to have an independent scotland . 
  the government is seated in london but we do n't refer to the government as `` london '' furthermore , what you said is `` do you think london would really respect it '' and then `` does n't mean uk would n't or will not make it difficult for an independent scotland '' first of all you say that they government would n't respect it , then you say the rest of the uk would n't . 
  the reason these things were n't fully planned fully beforehand was because if the decision had been yes then they would have had a long time to plan and move all of these things .
