  you can notice this because on the original article it says # 1.9 m and nobody there is question why such a small wall like they are on reddit, 
  that 's a very tiny sect , the vast majority of people understand entirely what '' # 1.9 m '' means . 
  i 'm sorry you do n't fully grasp the language or you 're just being difficult, 
  financial reports , well known as being a good indicator of common usage in language, 
  i suppose that 's true , i was more talking about how he suggests that low prices now are because of sa , and not by factors outside their control . 
  the sa government has n't become stable in the past two years , it is growth of the american market that makes international prices lower, 
  that 's great but we are n't speaking swedish are we ? 
  what even is context, 
  when was the last time somebody said `` megapounds '' or `` megaeuros '' or `` megadollars '' ?? 
  never . 
  m is short for millions , it 's pretty common usage in english not saying you ca n't use m , but m is n't wrong, 
  the cheap price of fuel has nothing to do with saudi arabia , it 's because of the massive increase in us oil production meaning we can supply far more of our demand without needing to put up with opec 's bullshit, 
  literally the same thing, 
  # 1.9 m makes total sense until you remove the #, 
  but the 50 % is representative of the entire population . 
  likelihood is if you did n't vote you were either too young , in which case you likely think the same as your parents , or simply did n't care about the outcome . 
  either way your vote would n't have changed the overall result, 
  that 's not true though , every single domesticated dog is the same species , just with variations in fur colour and size . 
  humans are just as varied in skin colour , height , muscle structure , hair colour and eye colour, 
  i voted remain too but to say that the vote was unrepresentative is beyond stupid . 
  are no elections valid unless they get 100 % turnout ? 
  ahw that 's horrible , i went in february and it was the nicest place i 've ever been to . 
  smoking a fat one by the river side with the sun low over the water and the ducks swimming around ... nothing beats that :(, 
  god knows , do n't really care lol irish nationalists are idiots, 
  do n't bother , it 's just like being on reddit you 'll be sat in the dark for weeks on end trying to distance yourself from every weirdo around you as you slowly and lonely-ly drink yourself to death, 
  i think most of the world does . 
  it 's only really places colonised by britain ( and central america , china and japan ) that use it as 1,000 and 1.34, 
  it 's a video of a tank shooting a minibus which promptly both half vaporises and half flies 100 feet into the air, 
  wait , you thought i was being serious and you still called it a hyperbole ? 
  do you even know what that word means ? 
  3 cus you 'd remove ireland too :p, 
  maybe something to do with the high altitude mixed with heat ? 
  probably a good mix to get you used to long distance running . 
  i know that 's less the case in somalia , but perhaps similar genetics, 
  you 're responding to the wrong comment , even if you are trolling, 
  and it 's nice to see that some people seem to think hyperboles are meant to be serious, 
  reckless how ? 
  would it have ruined the economy ? 
  destroyed our currency ? 
  thrown our political parties into turmoil ? 
  yeah , thank god that did n't happen !, 
  exactly . 
  i 'd be surprised if we actually moved away from the eu, 
  that 's true i guess, 
  i was about to say what about mo but then i remembered he 's somalian lol, 
  well done balkans , you 've found something you 're good at that is n't blowing up other balkans, 
  to be honest i would n't be surprised if that was n't the case lol, 
  is n't that an area in romania ? 
  you 're the second person to say this . 
  i meant 2012 ffs, 
  lmao i 'm not the one arguing anything , i made a comment and he started saying i 'm wrong, 
  more accurate, 
  we 've won golds in more sports than any other country , by a long margin, 
  what you 're saying is if you give it different context to the context it was clearly written in then it could have a different meaning ( hint : that 's my point ), 
  what is context and how do i use it, 
  except the comment i was replying to was talking about 2012 so given context anyone with basic reading comprehension skills should be able to work it out . 
  couple that with the fact my next sentence began with `` this year we are '' and it should be very simple, 
  in 2012 obviously , hence why i used the past tense `` we beat '' not `` we are ahead of '', 
  we beat russia who have twice as many people , and per capita we beat the us and china too . 
  this year we are destroying , and if your country did n't have 5 times the population we would likely be beating you too , 
  and the difference between a few years in prison and execution means nothing ? 
  well there 's the possibility they 'd be caught obviously they 're thinking they 'd get away with it , but why take the risk with no downside to not ? 
   if your rationale now is not to kill the victim because of moral values , then why are you committing rape in the first place ? 
  it 's not morals , it 's your life on the line . 
  obviously you have no problem with it morally , that 's not the issue  if your rationale is killing the raped victim is more severe in eyes of the law , were you planning on getting caught in the first place ? 
  dead bodies do n't report crimes, 
  a good wiki page i 'm sure , now explain how it supports what that guy is saying, 
  raping one person , while an absolutely horrible crime , is not threatening national security or public order . 
  that is for people that would be a much larger threat , i.e. 
  spies , terrorists , militants of many factions , etc, 
  and more importantly of you 're going to be executed for raping someone then you have no reason to not kill the person you raped and make the body disappear, 
  source ? 
  as are french and dutch, 
  it 's called inbreeding, 
  people in anglesey really hate the police, 
  `` how is foster 's ` chavy ' , it 's a drink ffs '' `` how is adidas ` chavy ' , it 's a brand ffs '' etc etc, 
  it was just a joke , because jezza and the england flag are chavy things ;p, 
  says the guy called queen jezza with an england flag, 
  no assimilation of british indians into the uk ? 
  hahaha !, 
  now you 're just being intentionally dense !, 
  no they are n't . 
  as i said , look at british indians as an example . 
  you can not say they do n't have their own culture - they have their own music , cuisine , film , language and religion , all of which they follow here . 
  however they 've adapted to our societal norms - for example the caste system is seen as primitive and they can marry anyone , they play an active role in british politics , their cuisine is basically the british staple diet , they 've influenced our popular music all the way since the beatles . 
  british indians are one of the richest ethnic groups in the uk , the richest briton is a british indian for example ... need i go on ? 
  they arent mutually exclusive, 
   this is france . 
  we have a culture of assimilation unlike , let 's say , uk . 
  haha you 're joking right ? 
  have you even been to the uk ? 
  please try telling me indian people have n't perfectly assimilated into british culture and lifestyle, 
  i thought that too . 
  they sure did bang on about the us, 
  i 've explained already how you 're wrong , i 'm not going to do it again . 
  go back and read my comment if you want , or do n't , it does n't bother me either way i wo n't be responding any more , you 've already shown you do n't care about an actual debate , you just want to push your agenda on people that do n't care . 
  yes , caring for the poor and unemployed makes me morally redundant that 's exactly what it does . 
  me and my lack of morals , going about caring about people 's wellbeing . 
  how dare i !, 
  i literally just posted one of my recent payslips and now you accuse me of being on the dole as if that 's an insult ?
