    when the war started , were you sending any care packages yes  their country has been destroyed and taken over by extremists because you did n't care back then . 
  their country has been overrun by extremists because the us went to war in iraq , removed saddam , and then left giving them no safety net or planning for the future , leaving a massive vacuum of power for some cult to fill . 
  and isis is that cult . 
   and what do you say to all of the women and children who were left behind in syria ? 
  you 'll leave them behind while taking care of the poor strong young men who made the walk all the way to europe . 
  this is why i know you 're so full of bullshit as you have no idea what the uk 's response is , or what we 're doing about it . 
  so because you 're completely fucking oblivious to the real world , the uk takes their refugees from camps near syria that are full of women and children , we 're working in partnership with the unhcr to find the most needing people in these camps , those that have been `` vetted '' ( for lack of better word ) by the un as being genuinely in need and not radicalised . 
  so please stop talking about things you know nothing about . 
   so you want to be a hero , why not invite the millions of oppressed people from north korea over ? 
  inviting people from north korea to europe would n't help anybody , what the people of north korea need is to be shown that their government is a lie , and then we wait for them to want to rise up against them . 
  when the majority are clearly at a state near revolution , we help them with foreign support and remove their government . 
  now , this has n't exactly worked very well before , so perhaps it is n't the greatest idea , but moving north koreans to europe is n't good for anybody . 
  they need a strong unified korea , or two separate , truthfully democratic states . 
   it 's ok to have a heart , but for god 's sake , have a head to go with it . 
  you ca n't save everyone , how mighty do you think you are that your country is the world 's superhero ? 
  i said nothing of the sort , stop putting words in my mouth . 
  i do n't think we can save everyone but i do think that we can save more than we are . 
  so i think we should take more refugees from the camps near syria . 
   hey , how about the children starving in africa or the oppressed women of saudi arabia ? 
  lend them a hand , do n't you have any empathy ? 
  the uk actually gives a huge amount of aid to africa , so yet again you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   you 're a complete hypocrite . 
  you pretend to be compassionate and empathetic , while at the same time writing off 300 + million americans as lacking humanity . 
  you do n't understand what hypocrisy means if you think that me claiming americans lack empathy is in itself lacking empathy . 
  what do i have to be empathetic for of the us ? 
  your economy is very strong , you have huge areas of vast open land , and you 're a nation of immigrants . 
  the only thing stopping you from taking in refugees is racism and bigotry . 
  i 'm not saying americans are racist or bigots , but you have no excuse to not do more for these people than you are . 
   americans are the most charitable of the world . 
  again , wrong . 
  you 're 20th on countries by international aid as a percentage of gdp . 
  your economy is nearly 6 times the size of ours and yet you do n't even donate twice as much money as us . 
  in terms of foreign aid norway is the most charitable at 1 % of their gdp . 
  the us on the other hand is down at less than 0.2 % . 
  pathetic . 
   these americans you dehumanize are real people with real emotions , pain and suffering . 
  `` muh jesus and muh freedoms '' is not a real emotion , pain or suffering . 
  you really think that americans have it as bad as syrians ? 
  and you 're telling me to use my head ? 
  please explain to me exactly what this `` pain and suffering '' the us is feeling that is stopping them from taking refugees , without it being down to racism or bigotry . 
   because you can turn around and pretend like you 're a saint , like you 're mother teresa doing nothing of the sort  i hope you 're just young , i have strong feeling you are , age has nothing to do with this , there are tons of people in our government that are lobbying for what i 'm talking about , a lot of them in their 60s . 
  -- anyway , i think i 've shown enough times you really do n't know what you 're talking about , so go do some research and then return to the topic, 
  you do n't even know it is terrorists , or rather you do n't know it is isis linked . 
  could be anyone trying to stir up shit, 
  modern plants are designed to withstand direct plane hits , but having said that so were the twin towers, 
  oh fuck off , we do n't want this bullshit attitude in the eu . 
  these are real people with real emotions , pain and suffering . 
  put yourself in their position and see how you would feel i know americans are n't very good at understanding the concept of empathy , hence why you 're so right wing and do n't give a fuck about saving these people . 
  but just try and put yourself in their shoes ; what would you want to happen ? 
  they need help . 
  growing up in a refugee camp is no life for anybody . 
  if we can help with that then a few maniacs are n't going to stop us, 
  juz i 'm not going to fucking argue with you . 
  go to google , find the link to our governments website , and read the law for yourself . 
  he spoke to her in person , and you can incite racial violence on twitter actually . 
  you 're just wrong , so please stop . 
  i 'm actually against what the eu is suggesting , but i do think we should take more than we are . 
  it 's a matter of ethics , i could n't possibly stand by and do nothing if i had the power to save the lives of these people, 
  since when has `` islamics '' ever meant `` islamic extremists '' ? 
  never , that 's when . 
  you probably do n't even know what an ` islamist ' is either you come from a different culture so you 'll never be able to understand , and equally i 'll never be able to understand how so many people in your country can defend the right to own murder weapons with very few actual restrictions when you have a mass shooting every day different culture mate, 
  verbal and racial abuse is a crime , and if you do n't think it is then you should go try out this new thing called google go to his twitter account and read the things he posted before coming and commenting here , you 're just embarrassing yourself, 
  islamics is n't even a word mate anyway , there 's a difference between saying you hate muslims and going out , finding one , berating them about a murder they were n't involved , blaming the crimes of a few on a totally independent individual , calling them racist names , threatening them , and telling others to direct hate towards them, 
  and that is what it was covered by , you total mong, 
  it 's far more than that if you actually bother to read into it juz, 
  hahaha if you say so, 
  there 's hurt feelings and then there 's verbal and racial abuse, 
  his twitter account is still all up , go read them for yourself, 
  americans trying to swear like brits , ugh cringe, 
  islam has a `` special veil '' because it is a religion , it 's a belief that permeates far deeper into society than politics . 
  all religions and faiths get this protection . 
  if you 're a muslim and you tell others to go and commit murder then you will be arrested . 
  case in point : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abu_hamza_al-masri you should really listen to modern day islamic teachings in first would countries about peace and acceptance . 
  there are many bad things in the quran , as there in the bible and probably every other religious text from centuries ago  but if you blame islam for brussels you end up in a cell . 
  pretty sure he 's not in a cell , he 's in hospital , but to argue that point anyway : he berated a muslim for the attacks , he verbally assaulted her and kept using offensive terms both online and presumably in person . 
  the police arrested him on suspicion of inciting hatred , they 're gathering evidence . 
  he has n't been convicted of anything yet, 
  you did n't try to destroy saddam ? 
  top kek, 
  if you want to protest immigration then protest all immigrants , you 're specifically picking out a small minority of immigrants and claiming they 're the problem furthermore the uk does n't have an open-immigration policy . 
  you should try coming to the uk without a european passport . 
  my canadian cousins have a right hassle, 
  and that boggles our minds, 
  there 's freedom of speech and then there 's telling people to vent their anger at muslims , constantly calling them towelheads , and berating a woman on the street for murder she was n't involved in, 
  i do n't know about you but if somebody came up to me on the street , got up in my face , started accusing me of murder of innocent people , calling me racist names , and making me intimidated , i 'd call that harassment, 
  how is being in the ira different to being a catholic in italy ? 
  why is it ok to proclaim hatred of islamists ? 
  if i self identify as a giraffe it does n't actually make me a giraffe, 
  yeah because that worked so well last time . 
  we ca n't just go home , if we go to war in syria and iraq we need to stick at it until the future has been secured . 
  fahrenheit 451 might be a good place to start, 
  the lyrics are actually `` i 'm blue da ba dee da ba die ... '', 
  zimbabwe have actually got rid of the zimbabwean dollar and basically accept any foreign currency http://puu.sh/noklh/5502f92e9e.png, 
  and even they are pretty rare, 
  they are n't for taking down people using drones where they should n't they 're for taking down drones used to smuggle stuff into prisons and across borders, 
  where have i seen you before ... oh yeah !, 
  it 's every thread on northern ireland !, 
  get over yourself for fucks sake, 
  well because they wanted to remain part of the union when the south broke free ? 
  for the majority anyway,
