  despite germany having a higher gdp . 
  so yeah , i know what you 're talking about you 're just wrong, 
  well britain has just said it 's taking in 15,000 more refugees from un camps newr syria . 
  so yeah , your turn now . 
  in libya ? 
  the fact we took down a guy that was literally arming and suppling people that were shooting our soldiers on our soil and bombing our civilians in our cities ? 
  yes i 'm very fucking happy we got rid of that guy, 
  i know . 
  makes you mad does n't it ? 
   while we do need to take more in as you can clearly see my main point was n't that our money alone should be talked about , but it should be coupled with that . 
  germany is seen as the wallet because they 're in the euro . 
  greece ca n't really demand money from us since we have a difference currency . 
  how well would that go ? 
  in terms of foreign aid germany really needs to step up the game . 
  they give literally half of what the uk does as a percentage of gdp . 
  uk needs to take more in ( which i think we actually will in the coming months ) and germany needs to give more money . 
  we give # 1 billion to this crisis . 
  that 's a solid 10 % of our foreign aid . 
  it 's more than any other european country by a huge margin . 
  germany is next with about # 650 million . 
  how many people have they taken in ? 
  see my other comment 2 . 
  david blunkett . 
  labour politician . 
  home secretary during sangatte . 
  3 . http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/the-immigration-crisis-at-calais-would-become-even-worse-if-the-uk-left-the-eu-blunkett-warns-10343990.html 4 . 
  it was . 
  that is still my point . 
  if people think leaving the eu will fix our refugee issue they are seriously mislead, 
  well considering he was home secretary during the sangatte time , i do believe he knows a damsight more than you on how the uk and eu respond to assylum seekers on the french coast trying to get to the uk . 
  maybe you should actually look things up before spouting bullshit ? 
  we give second highest in foreign aid in the world , and more than half of the us ' . 
  we give about a fifth of the eu 's total foreign aid . 
  as a percentage of gdp we give way higher than you . 
  almost double . 
  and we 're fifth in the world on that . 
  we really fucked up the iraq war but that was n't our people it was that cunt blair . 
  we protested against that for ages . 
  we really really did n't want to be there . 
  and because how bad it was fucked up we are n't returning to these conflicts . 
  we 've already voted not to take military action in syria . 
  if there 's one country that ca n't be knocked on foreign aid it 's the uk, 
  and ni, 
  you 're putting words in my mouth . 
  i said our voters are stupid so help this country . 
  that means that because of democracy we 're fucked . 
  if i was against democracy i would have said that `` our voters are stupid , let 's not let them vote '' but no i said `` gold help this country [ when they come out to vote ] '' that 's some crazy mental acrobatics you had to use to take that i was against democracy from that post . 
  so well done for being able to spin the truth that much . 
  you should work for the daily mail with that amount of fact bending . 
  well considering that 's what an old home secretary said , someone who knows far more about this situation than you or i , i believe them . 
  but please feel free to pretend to know everything . 
  that 's definitely not what my original point was about . 
  i dunno man , we have some real good stunners there 's a huge amount of chavs and trash in the uk but there really are some amazing looking girls here too, 
  i think i 'd live in portugal and holiday in iceland . 
  or the other way around . 
  yes definitely live in iceland and holiday in portugal . 
  i just love iceland . 
  it 's magical in a way no other country could ever match up to . 
  it 's completely different to anywhere i 've ever been . 
  the views are fucking stunning everywhere , and the people are super friendly . 
  i do n't know how long i could last as a vegetarian but i would love to try . 
  i dunno man there are some parts of algarve that are covered in building sites . 
  plus large areas are empty because they planned to build there but did n't have the money, 
  i 'm in portugal on holiday right now and love the place . 
  third time visiting this town in the past decade , one of my favourite places to visit . 
  i was walking around vilamoura earlier and was wondering what do portuguese people think of us brits as tourists ? 
  i felt ashamed by how everyone there was acting , i love portugal and i 'd hate for that to be our stereotype, 
  britain is slowly trying to conquer malaga and ibiza . 
  one lads tour at a time . 
  never bet ankles with scots , they have 4, 
  that does n't explain finland at all, 
  people are stupid because if they want to leave the eu because of refugees they clearly have n't read much into it . 
  leaving the eu will mean more refugees not less . 
  people ca n't grasp basic facts and just jump to conclusions, 
  how the fuck is this guy a mod ? 
  seriously ? 
  pretty much this . 
  while i do think we should take more in i do n't think our # 1billion donations should be overlooked so easily, 
  our voters are fucking idiots . 
  god help this country, 
  because of a treaty brought about by the eu, 
  not to be `` that guy '' but those places are in ireland not the uk :p, 
  firstly , that was sarcastic . 
  and secondly , how is allowing someone that supplies terrorism on our soil good for the world ? 
  taking down gadaffi was imho a good thing in theory but to say that libya chose to go into a civil war is negligent at best . 
  because he totally never supplied arms to the ira, 
  eu citizens can work or live in the uk if they have a passport or valid id , which is standard issue to citizens in almost every eu country . 
  basically any eu citizen can work here, 
  you 're american ? 
  you 'll need a work visa and a passport . 
  but a lot of americans work here so it should n't be hard at all . 
  calais is actually an argument for being in the eu because without it france would be under no obligation to stop people trying to cross the channel, 
  she 's a young woman and a teacher , of course she is n't going to take in 30 year old men . 
  those are n't her skill sets . 
  you people make me sick when you trash on those trying to help, 
  actually almost all icelanders are lutherans or catholics . 
  norse paganism is n't really a thing . 
  i mean , it is , but not what you imply, 
  jokes on you i 'm in portugal spending my tourist money to make you rich, 
  that 's what she was talking about,
