  you 're an idiot , grow up, 
   40 hrs p/w at # 7.20 = # 288 - 20 % tax @ # 57 = # 231 that 's not how taxes work 40 hours at # 7.20 = # 288 , sure . 
  the tax you pay on that is n't # 57 . 
  the 20 % rate is on earnings over about # 210 , which is your tax free allowance . 
  your actual takehome from # 288 is # 257 . 
  plus you 're not taking into account that you 're paying in to your pension , which is going up by # 34 . 
  here 's an example from a recent payslip of mine where i just did one day for the week : http://i.imgur.com/dzgsihg.png notice how i got # 27 going in to my pension scheme and i kept # 237 of # 260 ? 
  this clearly do n't gel with your comment , because you 're wrong . 
   0 hrs p/w at # 73 + up to # 450 housing benefit and # 120 council tax benefit ( london prices ) = # 643 for doing fuck all . 
  again , you 're wrong . 
  if you live in council housing , you 'll only get paid up to whatever your rent is . 
  if you 're in private rent , they might pay up to # 400 , if it 's a 4 bed property . 
  however , if you 're in your mid 20s , you 're single or unmarried , you 've got no kids and no long term responsibilities , they are n't going to pay you # 400 to live in a big house you do n't need . 
  it 's all done case by case so saying you will get `` up to # 450 '' is completely misleading . 
  if a couple have 4 kids and they ca n't find any work , i do n't see it as wrong for them to get this payment . 
  what else can they do ? 
  be homeless ? 
  how is that any better ? 
  same goes for council tax and also , you can get tax breaks if you 're employed . 
  these are n't just for people that are unemployed , but for people on low pay besides , this is n't really relevant , because it 's not `` for doing no work '' . 
  being unemployed is extremely stressful , and not many people want to be in that situation for a long time . 
  people have to be actively searching for work , ready to do the jobs that are found for them . 
  going on to unemployment benefits straight away you wo n't get a ton of money unless you need it . 
  the system could be better , but it 's not like people have an easy ride . 
   how long does someone have to be a scrounger for you to disapprove ? 
  well considering the way you talk about other human beings i 'd rather they live off the state forever than be in a society of people like you . 
  very few unemployed people on benefits are scroungers . 
  a lot are disabled , have kids that need care , are in areas with little work , have underlying illnesses that make it hard for them to work ... there are tons of reasons somebody could be on unemployment benefits , but i would n't expect your bigotry to allow you to engage your brain and think about it so i wo n't bother going there, 
  well it 's not the same pay is it ? 
  and furthermore , not many people want to be unemployed . 
  given the choice i bet the vast majority would rather work the full time job than live on unemployment benefits . 
  also they would n't have to deal with the nazis in the job centre . 
  you are n't really explaining why it should make me sick, 
  it does n't make me sick , no . 
  why would it ? 
  not that it makes much difference but it 's # 73 per week, 
   from my experience ( worked few years ago on a project for educating people in remote balkan mountainous regions about elections voting democracy etc ) . 
  this really sounds like a euphemism for an american invasion lol, 
  tbf the eu is very lenient on using the euro . 
  it specifically says the countries should adopt it when they meet the requirements and when they feel they want to . 
  obviously sweden does n't feel it wants to, 
  when ? 
  i hope so , for his own sake . 
  i 'd rather he 's an idiot troll than an idiot lemming, 
  if you want to troll you have to get people to believe you 're genuine , do n't throw yourself into it arse first, 
  and yet they still block things like the snoopers charter say what you want about them , they often do more good than the commons, 
  well it 's rotted your brain already, 
  if you work for 12 years and do n't take a strike , are you really french ? 
  i wonder why . 
  strange, 
  guessing gunshots from the police, 
  they had some grenades and guns inside , i imagine they intended to jump out inside the crowd but their plan did n't get far enough luckily . 
  horrible scenes :(, 
  whoops, 
  taking the day off from striking ? 
  neither is lots of unprotected sex it can give you babies !, 
   people nowadays pretend that sadam was sunshine and rainbows . 
  what a load of shit . 
  i have n't heard any good words being spoken about him at all in british media . 
  saying that things were better under saddam is n't saying he was good or that things were good . 
  then stop moaning , gees, 
  ( exactly ), 
   none of them are as intrusive . 
  you seriously thinks [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rofff1n.jpg ) is less intrusive than [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/txsdhc1.jpg ) ?? 
  if you do n't like your views to be ruined by manmade objects perhaps you should n't be part of a society , maybe you should go live in the wilderness or something people have different views on their looks of course , but you reaction is a knee jerk reaction because you are n't used to them, 
  preferably belgium, 
  we 've done it with roads , pylons and telephone masts . 
  why not wind turbines ? 
  every time someone complains `` oh but you 're ruining the view '' ... the view is literally fully of man-made structures . 
  wtf is your problem . 
  i bet you would have complained about the eifel tower when it was being built had you been alive ; and now it is one of the most beautiful and famous structures in the world, 
  if you go to copenhagen by plane you will probably take the train into the city centre . 
  it goes past a massive power plant that 's built by dong energy . 
  made me chuckle when we went past this huge building with the word `` dong '' written on the side of it in massive letters haha, 
  if land is at a premium then just build multiple story solar farms ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  they do if you believe, 
  you ca n't really understand it because they are n't mentally stable like you or i. 
  it 's hard to know what mental illness is like or what it justifies you to do in your own mind of course this is a horrible crime though , and there 's no excuse . 
  that 's just what is in his mind, 
  not even that many lol they lost less soldiers in the entire war than britain , france or germany lost at the somme, 
  for fuck sake it 's all a massive marketing con, 
  and then a bunch of england players come in to help france out because they 'd lose otherwise ( hahaha as if ), 
  iceland : silly continentals , it never went anywhere !, 
  is that true , wertikal19 ? 
  ahh i see, 
  the way i see it as a remainer , our economy is a gunna sink a bit , and eventually we will want to rejoin . 
  luckily we will have to join as a new member so we 'd have to follow all the shit we have n't been following i wish further integration was an option !, 
  o'leary was massively pro-remain , i would n't be surprised if it was his idea, 
  if you 're self employed why did you hand in a notice ? 
  who to ? 
  the amount of people thinking op did n't know how to take a screenshot is hilarious it 's a long running joke , come on reddit keep up, 
  when something terrible happens in your country to your countrymen and you see other nations across the world lighting up in your country 's colours and flag , it gives you hope and a smile . 
  for all you need to combat hatred is hope and a smile, 
  right , now explain how i am being patronising here i am trying to actually have a political discussion and along this guy comes belittling me and my points by strawmanning them in to some talk about football a right load of bullshit, 
  to play devils advocate he 's only elected by the european council , not by a direct election to the people he has the most powerful office in the eu , if he ca n't keep the second largest member inside the union then what good is he ? 
  many of our meps are highly active , and are members of committees including chairing several of them . 
  the eu has its criticisms as much as i campaigned to remain, 
  there 's no need to be a patronising twat, 
  work with the british meps and all the other meps that have issues with the way the eu is ran to find agreements in the common ground . 
  if your job is to run a union , and that union is breaking apart , you 're doing a shit job .
