  yes it does , when you become the cause of the problem you are fighting people stop believing you, 
  it would make sense if he had a history of bringing dogs to meetings, 
  respectful . 
  it 's a kind gesture . 
  hes trying to cut germany and france apart, 
  shame they did n't translate `` the '', 
  there are a lot of questions about her recently, 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  either way our government seems to think its highly likely so i would n't be as shocked if it did than in somewhere like iceland or new zealand, 
  i feel like a major attack is a long time coming in the uk . 
  we 're one of he countries involved militarily against isis in syria and iraq so you 'd expect us to be a target . 
  and christmas/new year would be an easy time for that, 
  its not similar at all . 
  the numbers of dead are staggeringly different, 
  the more we change our way of life as a response to their actions the more justification they get from those actions . 
  they want us to change how we live . 
  if you do n't want to do something because you wo n't enjoy it then that 's fine , but living in fear and not doing what you want bdcause of terrorism is admitting defeat . 
  its a war of minds and society , we win by staying strong , 
  their end game is a war with the rest of the world , an all out global war of muslims vs non muslims . 
  sad thing is continue fighting or leave them be and they feel like they 're winning either way . 
  we need to deal with them though , but not change how we deal with ourselves . 
  we ca n't let them strike fear in our country, 
  completely missed the point , congrats, 
  the vast majority of people do n't know anyone that has been in a terrorist incident problem is how far do we want to go ? 
  you can never fully protect a crowd from attacks , its about compromises, 
  if only cyprus spoke english , then we could have all 4 island nations being the english quartet, 
  reminds me of when i was in chamonix and my dad accidently cut someone up in a carpark the guy wound his window down and started screaming something i 'm french . 
  my dad , not wanting to cause a scene , replied `` sorry i do n't speak french but go in front '' , motioning to the guy to go first . 
  he replied in perfect english `` learn to drive before bringing your cars over here stupid english prick '' admittedly it was in france so you 'd expect him to speak french first but the fact that he knew we were english before even winding the window down and still yelled in french was funny, 
  i remember when i went to pick my gcses and i did n't pick a language ( only about 15 in my year of 200 didnt ) the head teacher brought us all in individually to ask why we did n't want to take a language . 
  my reason was that i preferred the other subjects . 
  i thimk i recall him asking what i 'd do if i wanted a job in france , germany or spain and not being able to speak the language . 
  i ca n't remember what my answer was but i do recall thinking that it 'd be stupid to be applying for jobs in a country you ca n't speak the local language of if they do n't speak english professionally there was a bit of a push for us to take a language but nothing too strong . 
  i know that most of my friends took german gcse and i can speak about as much german as them simply from being in youth hostels while travelling . 
  you 're spot on that its about exposure not education . 
  i did 2 years of very basic german at school and i forgot all of it by 16 . 
  learnt more in the past year of travelling than at school , and i havent even been to germany, 
  i do n't know if its the same the other way around but ireland is n't a foreign country to the uk , perhaps the uk is n't a foreign country to ireland . 
  i ca n't find anything confirming if it is mutual or not sadly, 
  i do n't know if you 've realised this but some areas develop slower than others . 
  look at education levels in much of the middle east , they 've hardly moved in centuries . 
  europe , north america and parts of east asia have seen a huge increase in the past few centuries . 
  its unfair to say `` its the 21st century , everyone should be as developed as europe '' or words to that effect . 
  you could easily argue that many people in the middle east are n't living in the 21st century comparatively . 
  its all relative, 
  it saddens me that people fear crowds and public events . 
  if you do n't want to go because you hate drunk people or crowds then that 's fine , but not doing something you want to do for fear of terrorism is sad to me i would rather die to terrorism while doing what i want than live in fear and to never go out to big events perhaps that 's just my youth though, 
  its irrelevant , theyre both symptoms of the same issue - lack of education, 
  `` the only way europe could become stable is if christianity is purged from there '' \\ - you if you were living any time between the roman empire and 20th century, 
  not insulting islam ? 
  down voted !, 
  this is how terrorists win, 
  if i 'm totally honest i 'm surprised there was just one attack , as horrible as the one is . 
  reallt surprised to not see anything happen in france germany or britain, 
  spot on . 
  we are trying to erase all memory of the supermarket . 
  sadly catona breeds at uncontrollable levels, 
  well , half a year :p, 
  still not sure where this idea of begging comes from , sounds more like the uk wanting to contribute to the idea and trade with you more and your leader telling it to fuck off , even though now we are leaving you want us to stay : /, 
  and obviously if we left the echr we would just ignore northern ireland and let it erupt in flames instead of working out solutions beforehand and having a smooth transition between them, 
  and you can be completely sure that any issues around northern ireland would be worked out before leaving . 
  you could say the same that leaving the eu will force a border between ireland and the north but that will be planned and works out before we leave . 
  uk did n't exactly beg to join , no more than serbia begging or turkey is begging, 
  well we helped form the precursors to the eu too so should n't be a surprise, 
  and do n't forget to drink the koolaid, 
  i 'm all in favour of the echr but to say that leaving it would cause war in ni is just misleading, 
  you know aldi is german right ? 
  nah she wants to create iceland 2.0, 
  one of them worst what ? 
  i mean its not as good as finland or norway but comparatively to the entire world its pretty good . 
  it 's ahead of the u.s. which is meant to be a bastion of free speech , and france that was built on liberty, 
  partners in crime ( against humanity ), 
  which would be impossible if we wish to leave the single market or the free movement of people there would be nothing stopping people flying to dublin and just getting a bus to belfast which defeats the entire point . 
  unless we are to start enforcing a border crossing between northern ireland and great britain and i see absolutely nothing going wrong there, 
  i know, 
  yes , kinda . 
  its very slow . 
  its more common for islands to erupt from the sea off its coast though, 
  lithuania get rekt scrubs, 
  uk is run by lidl , do you know nothing ? 
  i agree , we need more conversation about america on reddit . 
  for too long has reddit been silent on the nuances of american politics and geopolitical climate . 
  the u.s. is the largest country in the world and has more people than china multiplied by india . 
  and yet there is complete silence on reddit about it !, 
  i blame spez for silencing any political dissentry, 
  no but the peace in ireland has been ( among other things do n't get me wrong ) kept by the demilitarilised/completely open border . 
  if we are to truly police our border from the eu we will have to put border checks on the irish border . 
  god knows how destabilising that could be for the region to begin reinforcing old international borders that have now become peaceful farm fences . 
  being in the eu is a far more important political matter than being in the uk for ni if you ask me, 
  i never knew he was irish ... 
  explains his policy on taxes at least, 
  i feel like britain is the major fault for most of the world 's `` one way to divide xxxxx '', 
  so what is the difference between an opinion poll and a non legally binding vote ? 
  you realise that every time a general election is held we are protesting a democratic vote right ? 
  she has the kind of look that makes you think she 's a 15 year old swede still gorgeous though, 
  there 's one in your butt, 
  this reads much funnier if i imagine you 're a fish, 
  armenian genocide is definitely not forgotten, 
  he did n't say that, 
  how can a drawing be in any language,
