  it was administered as such to stop france from claiming it , but in reality britain did very little in new zealand until the 1830s . 
  i guess the same could be said for most of nsw , but i 'd say nz is more of a special case than the centre of some huge desert, 
  pretty sure its not illegal to move from one part of your country to another, 
  i give up, 
  we 're the new russia , get used to it :(, 
  yup . 
  russians get so much shit on / r/europe , must suck to be a russian here like that thread about russians in latvia wanting to remain part of russia . 
  exactly the same as brits in northern ireland except the brits are now locals and the russians are horrible colonists, 
  that 's pretty much the current political stance of the uk , given our commitments to fighting famines and diseases , and trying to solve conflicts, 
  a true functioning democracy !, 
   it also created ~ ~ the united states , ~ ~ the undisputed best country ~ ~ , and ~ ~ canada ~ ~ , the second best . ~ ~ so that 's something . 
  britain was the overhwelming super power in the world for a century , and you think that would n't benefit all brits ? 
  soldiers being sent off to protect an opium plantation from guys with swords and spears compared to having to stand up to prussian infantry ? 
  i know which i 'd take ... 
  no someone brought up the conspiracy theory around climate change ( that existed before trump ) and i said a conway quote you brought up trump, 
  8 countries , not 5 . 
  ans that 's not what i said . 
  i said the only thing . 
  obviously it was a big thing because why would denmark , sweden or the netherlands throw themselves under the bus when we are getting destroyed in europe ? 
  now we are leaving one of those 3 or finland will have to stand up to federalism in the eu, 
  you brought up trump, 
  now we 're leaving sweden , denmark or the netherlands have to take up our baton of being the anti-federalism state . 
  sorry , but europe gave us enough shit for holding them back , now it 's your turn to do the same , until the eu realises not everyone wants federalism, 
  literally half of cyprus is occupied by the turkish military ... 
  i think he 's trying to say to get more allies that are reliable instead of only having the us and uk not sure though, 
  and people still act like the uk is the only thing holding eu federalism back, 
  for a start , that 's a kelly anne conway quote , and secondly , its now been made into a meme silly, 
  no one gun a pick on the fact its a paint spray can map ? 
  lol, 
  i mean yeah , if you do n't have a military you 're pretty peaceful ... ca n't wage war without an army, 
  alternative climate, 
  this is an example of capitalism exploiting the least well off for the highest possible gain of the elite ... 
  pictures are an inherent part of every story stop being condescending, 
  you 're asking him to bring you evidence of a case that was n't investigated ? 
  how ? 
  i 'd rather the story be reported on for public knowledge than people to be too scared to be prosecuted to investigate and publish the true story . 
  free press is a fundamental right , making people scared of what to report is a dangerous game, 
  bloody spanish, 
  is n't that hitting the mark perfectly ? 
  not really true , because the same happens in the uk and the left definitely hates the right , and the right does n't take the left seriously the real answer is because its easier to frame right wing politics as evil so it 's easier to make fun of . 
  it 's harder to frame `` better education for all '' and `` free healthcare for the poor '' as bad things , so harder to attack down than to attack up . 
  when you attack conservative politics you 're attacking the rich and the well off , when you attack social politics you 're attacking the poor and the down trodden . 
  that 's harder to do in a comedic sense, 
  i mean its true though , india is developing very fast , we 've been burning coal for centuries, 
  well there 's the people in ni for a start . 
  they 're all private citizens with private wealth, 
  private british citizens that want ni to remain british ? 
  hence why i was pointing out that it is hypocritical for brits to say russians should integrate or leave, 
  then read my next comment, 
  so like being irish in my example i used below ? 
  i do n't watch rt , but thanks for assuming, 
  its not the israeli nation its the israeli state , i.e. 
  the government and hell , many people have called for destruction of the british rule in many areas , and i can totally sympathise . 
  britain has done some pretty horrible things in the past and i would n't defend my country against those that wishes to overthrow it during these times . 
  like the irish in the 1910s , i think was completely justified . 
  difference is britain is n't acting the same way israel is . 
  if we were bombing irish citizens , expanding northern ireland to include all of ulster and connacht , then slowly beginning a bombardment and settlement campaign in leinster , then yes i could completely sympathise with irish nationalist revolutions and reactions slightly more lightheartedly i 'd openly welcome an iranian destruction of our government right now , 
  that 's completely different though , because indians moving to britain are n't doing it because they 're nearby or because they 're trying to colonise us , they do it because we are richer , quite welcoming to indians , and have a lot of jobs for them to fill . 
  indians probably is n't a great example because they assimilated extremely well . 
  indians into britain is probably the best story of immigration from vastly different cultures i can think of . 
  my point is that we can not act like russians in latvia have no right to call themselves russians when there are brits in northern ireland that do n't want to be irish and we support that through military action . 
  the british solution to the issue of russians in latvia is for russia to annex the parts of latvia that have majority russian ethnic people . 
  and we all know how well that would go down in the world press ( hint hint ukraine ), 
  its not irrelevant when were the country selling sa the weapons to invade yemen, 
  technically he only said he wanted to destroy the israeli state , i.e. 
  the government . 
  cant really blame him for that , the israeli state is n't exactly saintly, 
  they are at best a threat to israel , but they have no intentions attacking beyond israel . 
  in fact , they do n't really have any intentions of attacking israel , they just hate the idea of a jewish state in the levant . 
  it 's nothing to do with israelis and everything to do with the israeli state, 
  then do it the other way around , when ireland was getting independence , should we have given them northern ireland ? 
  there 's a large british minority in ireland ( the island ) that want to be british . 
  would it have been right to give ireland then entire island when theres a significant chunk of people that do n't want to be irish ? 
  we fought a war , and then a drawn out terrorist campaign over this issue , and then we say that russians in latvia have no right to want to remain russian ? 
  treating a portion of your population as second rate citizens because they identify ethnically with a `` colonial power '' is just textbook ira logic, 
  it 's pretty clear no one in europe cares about russia or russians : /, 
  or theyre just proud of their heritage ? 
  this seems like a total double standard . 
  when someone in northern ireland wants to claim to be irish we listen to them , we give them a political footing and we try and alleviate their issues . 
  but when a russian in latvia says they want to be russian we just treat them like vermin or something just go back and read this whole thread but replace latvia with northern ireland and russian with irish and tell me it does n't sound fucking horrible ? 
  i know , and no one is defending russians here , and we wonder why they hate us when we talk about their people like this replace russian with black people and its textbook racism . 
  but no , they 're russian , so fuck them amirite ? 
  because historically terrorist organisations always find it difficult to get help from overseas right ? 
  it 's like saying without support of ireland 's military or police the ira could n't get weapons ... there 'll always be people willing to sell you guns and explosives for a price, 
  imagine being a russian in latvia and hearing people from the country you were born in say there 's too many of you : /, 
  also france but who cares abou facts, 
  against the will of most of their people ? 
  what could go wrong !, 
  well i mean we have lost some of our culture , but we 've changed it to something new . 
  we used to be much more religious for example , which is a massive part of culture . 
  but i would n't say lack of religion is a bad thing , just a new thing, 
  no i agree with you . 
  i 'm merely responding to the person claiming latvia has or is losing their culture and heritage because of muslim immigrants which is obviously stupid, 
  being anti trump doesnt mean you are n't anti muslim too obviously donald trump poses an unbelievably higher risk to europe than muslim immigration , but there are countless people here every time muslims come up that show off their islamaphobia this thread for example ... 
  although i agree with your comment about a bubble , but often areas with least muslim immigrants are most against it . 
  like poland and hungary in the op, 
  just browse this thread and tell me most comments and votes agree with the idea that this subreddit likes muslims, 
  i 'd beg to differ ... 
  that 's not what i said , but isolation in the west is one of the factors that breeds home grown terrorism, 
  guess we should kick all the irish out of britain , all the basque out of spain and all the kurds out of turkey then it 's the only solution,
