  irish use the $ before the number , like how british use the # before the number . 
  however malta uses the $ after the number ... 
  i would imagine that 's because of the proliferation of british culture and media ? 
  maybe not for the netherlands ( although i know they speak english incredibly well ) but definitely for ireland, 
  in english you use a comma to denote currency breaks and fullstops to denote decimal places . 
  as in # 100,381,378.37, 
  that fate being nabbed by one of the barmen as they ran out after their customers, 
   definition : note : crime statistics are often better indicators of prevalence of law enforcement and willingness to report crime , than actual prevalence . 
  i find it very hard to believe iceland is the global hotbed of crime ... 
  compare the countries at the top to those at the bottom . 
  it 's clear why these statistics show what they show, 
  that 's a survey asking people what they think the level of crime is in their country . 
  not exactly hard statistics is it ... 
  i 'd like to see some statistics to back that up . 
  the two things i just googled ( rape and murder ) are both higher in hungary than the uk, 
  because they still have the right to life . 
  we can not take away human rights , that 's why they are rights, 
  no , countries with high proportions of poorer people have higher crime rates among poorer people, 
  the vast majority of people that claim welfare do so because they 're ill , disabled , can not physically find work , or have family to look after so no time . 
  clamping down on welfare because some exploit it is ridiculous . 
  i 'd rather 1 lazy person live for free from my tax while 100 poor get fed , than 100 go hungry because 1 person is trying to cheat the system welfare fraud should be tackled by allowing the local council workers to be able to fully evaluate every person that claims . 
  by cutting welfare you make sure more people get through unnoticed because the proper checks ca n't be done nothing is wrong with representing the hard working . 
  the issue arrives when you demonise those on welfare because of the actions of a minority . 
  seems like a pointless comment then, 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't follow what you mean, 
  sure it does . 
   i interact frequently with a lot of us embassy people , certainly reads more along the lines of `` i work in the local area and speak to many of them '' or `` i work in a job that lets me know lots of embassy staff personally '' than `` i am a professional contractor working with the us embassy on private , professional matters '' to me at least, 
  so why does it come as a surprise that in personal , non-professional conversations with those staff , they may hold political views ? 
  but germany does have slightly right parties , and far right parties . 
  like any country . 
  just wondering why you said the words `` what we have now is n't ` slightly ' right '', 
  politically neutral in that it is their job to do what their government tells them to do in their best capability , and without hindering their government . 
  not politically neutral in that they ca n't hold political views, 
  wait , are you implying germany has a far right leadership ? 
  you 're telling me us citizens have differing political views on their president ? 
  colour me surprised !, 
  some are spouses of hos , some are spouses of hog that 's entirely their point, 
  i guess you 're just going to ignore the fact that every year we celebrate the capture of a christian extremist that wanted to assassinate the king because he was a different type of christian ? 
  `` oh but that was hundreds of years ago '' well good job christians do n't commit terrorism any more then ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/army_of_god_ ( united_states ), 
  irish terrorists have killed more brits than islamic terrorists did we ban all irish ? 
  did we say that ireland needs to reform ? 
  did we equate all irish to be terrorist sympathisers ? 
  sadly, 
  yeah , all those polish 30 year olds clogging up our retirement homes !, 
  everyone votes for things that benefit their own group more than the whole country . 
  that 's what democracy means, 
  no , indians can vote in british elections and referenda if they are resident in the uk even without british citizenship, 
  if they have british citizenship yes , but indians with indian citizenship only that are living in the uk could vote in the referendum, 
  depends how long for . 
  you can get a two year working holiday visa before you turn 30 with no real skills and just go and work in construction or labouring or farming . 
  that 's very common, 
  canada would not destroy their relationship with the uk like that and vice versa . 
  it 's also incredibly easy to just reverse the law and stop it from happening . 
  also i get the feeling most people would rather live in canada than britain ( he says as a brit living in the uk with mostly canadian family in canada ), 
  irish citizens in the uk can vote in all british elections and referenda . 
  this is for the solely irish citizens in northern ireland . 
  ( you can be born in northern ireland and claim only irish citizenship but be subject to uk law and politics , hence need a voice within it ) ireland and the uk have a troubled and unique relationship . 
  allowing our citizens to vote in each other 's elections if they are resident is one of the ways we try to alleviate the pain of the past several centuries of complete cuntery cyprus and malta are in the commonwealth and as such their citizens can vote in uk elections and referenda if they are resident in the uk, 
  except no because they 'll come back and clog up hospitals and cost far more, 
  you wan na ask now ? 
  if you think you 've found the dumbest person on earth , there 'll always be someone dumber, 
  it often is , yes . 
  it has it 's place for sure , but really approaching politics as an `` us vs them '' is not only dangerous democratically , it 's intellectually dishonest . 
  especially in europe there are many market capitalists that want equal gender rights , promotion of gay or non-heterosexual rights , and an embracement of multiculturalism . 
  it would be wrong to characterise these people as solely right wing simply for wishing a freer market and less restrictions on big business , but equally inaccurate to call them left wing for their views on minorities and women, 
  i wish that were true but i do n't believe it is , some people are just so stuck in their way, 
  yes , generally speaking left wing politics is about approaching a level where all are equal . 
  this can mean things like equal gay rights or rights of minorities to vote , or a redistribution of wealth and an end to `` wage slavery '' as some far left would put it of course most countries have a wide smattering of the entire spectrum with a larger core in a certain area , but that 's generally the gist of the left vs right spectrum there 's also the difference between authoritarianism and libertarianism which can often have a more profound effect on the politics of the nation than whether it is left or right wing, 
  true , but the uk leaving wo n't change that . 
  the uk has actually been one of the largest and loudest voices for reform of the european union for a long time, 
  he used socialist rhetoric to become popular but in practice he was not a socialist . 
  for instance , he clamped down on unions , which are vital for socialism . 
  he sent communists to death camps . 
  he created a `` we are better than those guys '' attitude with society structure in to hierarchies while socialism requires total equality , he let capitalism thrive with wage gaps going crazy and little redistribution of wealth ... 
  he was far from being a socialist, 
  right wing means supporting conservative views ( such as on gay rights , gender roles , and religious views ) and hierarchies in economic and social position ( allowing high personal wealth , low taxation , and often lowering control over business ) when you take that to the extreme you get fascism and the far right . 
  the far right is where you take the hierarchies from just economic and social to things like racial hierarchies and extreme conservatism fascism is a form of authoritarian far right politics in which the government has extreme powers over the freedom of their people . 
  this often covers strict control of the media , mandatory community programs , and a clamp down on all opposition . 
  fascists aim to create a one-party state that controls the industry of the nation , aiming for isolationism and autarky . 
  fascists believe the government can and should act in strict punishment to keep the peace and unity of the nation nazism is a form of fascism that teaches racial purity of the aryan race . 
  nazis believe ( d ) that the aryan race was genetically superior to all other peoples , and that they must be placed as the most important humans on earth . 
  all other races and groups were placed below aryans , all the way down to jews at the bottom . 
  nazis hold a strict control over opposition , removing democratic processes from government , imprisoning and executing political opponents and dissidents , and ethnically cleansing the land they controlled . 
  they did n't teach economic equality , but racial superiority . 
  they did n't care how poor or rich their people were as long as aryans were on top . 
  there you go , there 's a `` liberal '' explaining those words for you . 
  please ask more questions if you want . 
  what are you even talking about, 
  i hate to break it to you but the eu 27 is not fully wanting more federalism . 
  netherlands , denmark , sweden and finland are all majority against it , if you think the uk leaving will help a united europe then i think you 're mistaken . 
  as sad as it is we are leaving, 
  trump the day before election : they 're rigging the system !, 
  the votes will be bias !, 
  trump the day after election : they used millions of fake voters ... in their most safe states !, 
  they 're fucking morons they really are, 
  relevant flair, 
  american politics is a joke, 
  you sweet summer child, 
  you know north korea 's real name is democratic people 's republic of korea ? 
  you are so dumb,
