  are you fucking kidding ? 
  r/europe is extremely anti muslim ... 
  all immigration has high fertility rates until they 've settled in . 
  indians in the uk used to have very high fertility rates and they 've hardly become a majority . 
  most indian families now have two kids , maybe three, 
  it 's a bias poll, 
  explaining things is not making excuses, 
  hitler was n't a vegetarian, 
  there are tons of stupid reasons to break the law , but that does n't mean entire populations should be generalised because of the actions of a few, 
  but the fact it is n't part of our culture now is exactly what i 'm saying ... go back 100 years people were running in to wars to fight for their country because they believe that 's what god wants , a few hundred before that and society was based on religion, 
   church is n't heritage , it is religion . 
  people do n't go to church because we are way less religious than we used to be . 
  that ca n't always be attributed to technology . 
  well for a start religion is part of heritage and culture . 
  a big part . 
  and secondly , lack of religion is often connected to modern education and the state of technology , they go hand in hand  and i am not sure about the traditional english pub being rare , there are tons of them , even in somewhere like london where so much is becoming trendy hipster bars . 
  there really are n't as many traditional pubs as there used to be , most are just bars with a pool table or restaurants that old men sit in . 
  traditional pub culture is a fairly rare thing, 
  muslims ca n't ban modern tech in the west , that 's just fear mongering sharia patrols are nowhere near as common as media would have you believe . 
  they 're also illegal in the uk and people have been jailed for it . 
  and again when muslim drivers refuse to take blind people because of dogs , its illegal and they lose their job , license , and if the victim wants to prosecute they go to court for breaking equality laws let 's not act like muslims are the only people that break the law, 
  but this is stupid though , because youre implying modern muslims want to follow ancestors from centuries ago in a conquest of europe . 
  if not then there 's no correlation between historic war and current events, 
  well speaking from the uk because that 's what i know , most people do n't know a ton about our heritage . 
  could probably name a few kings , been to stonehenge and dressed up as tudors during school . 
  also almost no kids go to church any more despite us still being an anglican state . 
  welsh is barely known by young people nowadays for example , and the traditional english pub is now a very rare thing, 
  why do n't you ask the guy saying the muslims are making europeans lose their heritage, 
  its illogical because the countries on the list are not where terrorists in the u.s. come from , and refugee status is not how they get there, 
  why do you think america is so anti muslim ? 
  brilliant comment . 
  bring on the down votes, 
  there are countless countries in europe that have invaded their neighbours , and yet they are n't scared of each other now . 
  think poles are scared of germans ? 
  no , because people are n't stupid enough to think like how that comment was suggesting i 'm british , i do n't have a fear of the french . 
  or the swedish . 
  or the germans . 
  i do n't think anyone in britain does . 
  it 's nothing to do with historical invasions , and just prejudice i mean you 're from israel . 
  would you be scared if a german moved to israel ? 
  this is so stupid . 
  europeans have lost ( edit : jfc this doesnt mean all heritage , just in reference to what has been lost ) heritage and history because of modern technology , perforation of american media , and a general lack of real funding into our heritage sites . 
  not because of muslims ya dunce, 
  ukraine, 
  actually biogas is a more important component of renewable energy to the uk than wind , add to that that england has more nuclear and solar than scotland and i think we 'll be just fine thanks but hey , scotland should totally be independent , because a collapsed scottish economy and energy crisis for all of gb is exactly what we need right now ... 
  actually the norwegian section of the sea contains most of the north sea 's oil reservoirs , and nearly half of the gas reservoirs . 
  scotland may have the biggest individual field , but not the largest reservoirs total besides , no country can survive forever on oil . 
  norway is probably the only country that has invested their funds to ensure financial stability when the oil dries up or the demand slips away . 
  i mean yeah , you can try and recreate norway 's success in a decade if you wish , but that 's a massive gamble to take considering the uk gives more money to scotland than they currently produce themselves . 
  and that 's not even getting into the fact that oil prices have tanked since sep 14 . 
  they 're nearly half the price they were back when the last indyref took place ... england 's economy is far stronger than scotland 's , so i do n't think attacking england for being financially weak is a very good argumentative tactic, 
  not saying there is n't , just she does n't have majority support . 
  now can you provide some source she does ? 
  because they 're still part of the country and losing part of your country is bad regardless of how financially beneficial they are ? 
  and scotland was financially in the shit when the uk were in the eu , with the uk economy tanking scotland will only be worse off because their immediate best trading partner would be worse off . 
  i do n't see how the uk leaving the eu benefits an independent scotland in any way, 
  here 's one link : http://labourlist.org/2016/11/theresa-may-posts-huge-lead-over-jeremy-corbyn-in-fresh-poll/, 
  much love from new zealand :p, 
  make america great britain again # \\ #tiniejony 2020, 
  the eu is also an amazing achievement , perhaps it is europe 's greatest accomplishment the un is very successful . 
  it 's point is to stop major wars , protect the planet , and protect human rights . 
  since it was formed there 's been no major wars , unesco has secured countless places , unhcr has provided homes for millions of refugees , and the unicj has settled many human rights cases . 
  it is , to a species as tribal as ours , almost perfect, 
  i 'd say the complete domination of every major landmass is human kinds greatest accomplishment , but perhaps the un would be human society 's, 
  it 's spanish for `` the falklands are argentinian '' , in reference to the war in 1982 when argentina invaded british territory for stupid nationalist government reasons, 
  congrats , your greatest accomplishment was 50 years ago . 
  literally downhill from then, 
   british will actually europe i doubt it, 
  sorry for not thinking of something better :(, 
  i fucking wrote the quote for my country and it still triggered me, 
  just google it ? 
  like all the top links have her personally really low . 
  should n't be needing to provide a source for something that is so easily obtainable if you did any research, 
  they can call it whenever they want , doesnt mean the uk government will listen to it . 
  that 's why it will take ages . 
  scotland would be far worse off if it went independent now . 
  perhaps when the uk has settled out of the eu , until then it is just a disaster waiting to happen, 
  that 's an oddly specific time, 
  ! remindme 2 years, 
  i 'll take that bet, 
  that 's what i said, 
  polls for the last indyref were fairly accurate, 
  there 's no point . 
  polls still show it being majority stay, 
  the united kingdom has the largest subscriber count of all time !, 
  no other subreddit has more people !, 
  every other fact is fake news !, 
  i 'll provide one as soon as you do ... 
  because saint vladimir never killed innocent people , and his grandmother never butchered entire tribes, 
  this is in muslim majority nations , not western europe . 
  the uk is an anglican nation , our head of state is the head of the church . 
  we have clergy in our parliament . 
  total hypocrisy that no one ever talks about that, 
  and yet we support christian rights to remain as anti lgbt and just look over it total hypocrisy, 
  i have no idea how anyone can support bernie and trump they 're so different in a million ways, 
  sources ? 
  i 've seen her getting down as low as into the 20s on percentage approval, 
  i honestly think scotland is better with the uk , i ca n't see the eu accepting you back very quickly nor can i see them allocating as much funding to go to scotland as westminster does but hey , if scotland wants to join the eu i ca n't blame them , i only wished london and home counties could join too, 
  no it would n't , it 'd make total sense for spain to not allow scotland to instantly join the eu . 
  theresa may is a maasive cunt and an unelected shitbag .
