  the reason england , wales , scotland and northern ireland are countries and bavaria is due to the way we have used the word country and convention . 
  that is simply how we have done it so we 're just going to have to deal with it other sovereign states made of countries are denmark , france * , netherlands * and new zealand . 
  * france and the netherlands are more complex , the area we know as metropolitan france , i.e. 
  european france , is all one country . 
  we ca n't hack brittany off of it or whatever . 
  similarly for the nl , the area in europe is one country , and the other 3 are aruba , curacao and sint maarten . 
  if you want to talk about kingdoms and duchies then please go ahead as they have actual definitons , countries do not . 
  i do n't think you understand what a country is . 
  and to be fair , that 's probably because the definition of the word country is so vague it is n't even worth using also , if we 're going to talk about history then you need to talk about duchies . 
  bavaria , cornwall etc. 
  are historic duchies . 
  some still remain , e.g. 
  cornwall , and some no longer do , e.g. 
  these still are not countries though, 
  not exactly . 
  mainland germany , france and the netherlands are all one country , whereas mainland united kingdom is made of 3 , or 4 if you allow the island of ireland to be included, 
  those guys from the london heist should go , fund its conception and then hire a small army to stop anyone invading . 
   if you count northern ireland as a country then that would be ok . 
  if you count it as a part of the uk then it would not be ideal . 
  ni is a country and part of the uk, 
  your language is so friendly . 
  i thought the word `` hug '' was the perfect description of an embrace of passion , caring and love , but now i realise i was wrong and it is `` knuffles '' thank you for showing me the error of my ways :-), 
  we love you portugal , do n't let anyone ever tell you you 're just a shitrectangle, 
  i hate the whole `` working here is safe because you only receive as much radiation as a chest xray '' because if you think about it what he is actually saying is `` a chest xray exposes you to the same amount of radiation as an entire year of someone that works at fucking chernobyl what am i meant to do with that ? 
  is that a lot ? 
  because one xray hints at no , but an entire year of working there hints at yes ... 
  does n't really give very good perspective, 
  never, 
  shoe on head, 
  yeah neither is stalin, 
  looks nothing like that ... it 's def the on the other guy linked, 
  it 's had a hard life of sitting on that mw2 map for several years, 
  but why would china purposefully sink their own economy to join forces with russia ? 
  putin 's nudes have been leaked confirmed, 
  same thing 's going round the uk by the feeling in the back of my head -_-, 
  mao zedong has arguably killed more, 
  greek the letters are pi rho omicron sigma omicron chi eta, 
  like a blind person would get run over by a tram and think `` fuck , that hurt , let me go feel the side the vehicle to see how heavy the thing that hit me is '', 
  i think you underestimate the weight of a bison, 
  because they 're in the eu ... 
  income and gdp per capita are n't the same the eu spans from luxembourg ( $ 55,176 ) to estonia ( $ 18,371 ), 
  technically possible with an automatic , but funny nonetheless, 
  knight to m 21, 
  easy pickings i guess easier to mock another country than critique your own especially when you 're from the perfect nation of uk  ( i kid ), 
  17 euros lol, 
  i give up, 
  my point being they do n't operate in iceland so how could they be the biggest company there ? 
  you think there 's absolutely no racism within the us police or justice system ? 
  tell me , are they inner city ghettos or are they rural areas ? 
  you misunderstood what i said, 
  the police system for starters, 
  no you moron if your read what i wrote you will see that crime is related to poverty which is caused by systematic racism and disenfranchisment by the rest of society, 
  good to see that racism in full force, 
  a mass shooting is the shooting of multiple people . 
  you 've just misunderstood the term, 
  as far as i 'm aware murder rates in the us are related almost perfectly to poverty rates , as it is pretty much everywhere in the world . 
  just the us has few systems in place to help the poor and systematic racism forces black ghettos to be breeding grounds for crime . 
  violence has nothing to do with gun laws but societal abandonment of certain groups ; and yes one of those is the mentally disabled - the gun laws help them though, 
  is n't that what visas are though ? 
  i do n't think japan holds much moral high ground over germany, 
  that 's the joke you guys take things too seriously, 
  oh no , a 350 year old battle !, 
  that really hurt our complete domination of the world for over a century : /, 
  uk actually spends much less, 
  that was meant to be a joke , but since you mention it they 're doing really well . 
  one of them has even gone so far to completely disregard things such as universal healthcare and free further education to its citizens to ensure they can pay for a massive military to provide protection to us free of charge !, 
  the american is getting in on the banter and doing it well unusual, 
  `` joke '', 
  too many wood puns gets a bit repetitive , you 've just repeated the first one . 
  perhaps we should branch out, 
  americans on top form tonight apparently, 
  fucking dutch, 
  look at the seppo getting in on the banter !, 
  \u00fe master race, 
  it 's iceland 's air defence system, 
  no , but the point is these fires are very rare things . 
  the more common cases are disturbing the dust above ceilings or drilling into walls or pipes that you do n't know the material of . 
  one of them will not kill you, 
  that 's why asbestos registers are a thing . 
  also , breathing in asbestos once is n't really that bad for you , it 's like having one cigarette . 
  keep doing it and it 'll kill you , but one or two wo n't really pose much of a harm, 
  ukrainians do n't kill pigs they chase them, 
  asbestos is completely safe if you do n't disturb it . 
  you do n't need to remove it from a site for it to be safe . 
  that being said , i do think it should be removed . 
  in case of unexpected events, 
  well done , you 're giving isis exactly what they want, 
  well it was on suspicion of inciting violence because he told people to direct their hatred towards islam and muslims anyway i 'm done with this pointless conversation, 
  uk has no separation of church and state , religious leaders sit in our highest house . 
  they are n't hugely powerful but it 's offensive still, 
  actually he was let off because the police went through the wrong process of charging him , not because they thought he did nothing wrong . 
  they never said if he had done anything wrong or not because that is n't how the law works . 
  he was arrested on suspicion of inciting racial violence , and the police fucked up . 
  this has got absolutely nothing to do with our government , our laws , or his innocence . 
  you 'd have to be a moron to think that, 
  exactly , people round here jumping to conclusions, 
  well that was because the flooding exceeded all the sea walls . 
  we do n't really have that problem in europe because no major fault lines, 
  you ca n't say for sure it 's not a right wing bigot that 's trying to stir up more fear of terrorists to push his own agenda i 'm not saying it is , i 'm just saying we should n't be in fear of this , it 's exactly what they want, 
  yes and no , planes were taken into account when the twin towers were designed , it 's just they were only really talking about them as coming in to land at jfk or newark and being off course at low speed , they never really thought about terrorists using planes at full speed,
