  no it was n't , the terrorism started after independence . 
  prior to that it was irish insurgents vs british army/security forces . 
  this is fine and justified , attacking civilians is not . 
   i do n't really see the issue with using the threat of killing innocent english people to keep the british army in line . 
  then i hope you do n't mind if i say that i do n't really see the issue with threatening catholics in ni to keep the irish in line . 
  seems fair , no ? 
   the british people democratically voted in british governments that sent the british army in to kill innocent people on soverign british soil , and the british monarch then gave them medals . 
  `` democratically '' most people in britain could n't vote at the time . 
  it was the rich , and they were n't the ones that the ira targeted . 
   the uk set several precedents themselves in fact . 
  first the allies stockpiled chemical weapons so they could use them in the event of a german gas attack in ww2 . 
  they also had no problem killing german civilians with bombs to hamper berlins ability to support german soldiers on the front . 
  and this is relevant to the point in hand how ? 
   it 's interesting that british people are hardline deontologists when it comes to ni , but will happily engage in bucket-loads of apologetics and contextualisation for things like the british empire . 
  almost as if you did n't really have a moral centre at all , but were just making it up as you went along to suit yourselves . 
  oh i 'm sorry for not being alive and prime minister for the few hundred years of atrocities my country has committed . 
  let me retroactively go back and stop all that from happening . 
  oh wait i ca n't do that , i ca n't do anything about it because i 'm just a british civilian . 
  i better live my life and try and distance myself from these issues . 
  god , you 're insufferable . 
  you 're accusing me , a guy in my 20s , for the atrocities against the irish ? 
  oh so if it terrorism works that makes it justified ? 
  which totally justifies attacking civilians in england ? 
  i do n't think they released who he was , just that they were aware of him . 
  probably came up in some terror warning list that they ca n't act upon, 
  the british army of the 16th century are n't exactly sitting around enjoying civilian life in england in the 1970s . 
  attacking british civilians for actions soldiers took hundreds of years ago is beyond retarded . 
  the ira had no justification for fighting once ireland got independence, 
  and yet still felt fine for killing innocent civilians, 
  hey man , i 'm not the one justifying terrorism here, 
  extreme nationalists tend to hold pretty strong grudges, 
  his change being he stopped doing the things but did n't feel bad for having done them ? 
  what a brilliant thing to be hearing today just imagine the reaction if mainstream muslims said the actions in westminster were because muslims are pushed too far think about the words that come out of your mouth, 
  because he was ? 
  maybe jumped to avoid the car ? 
  glad they 're safe, 
  met police just released that , they were aware of him, 
  it 's 5 dead now , and 40 injured . 
  according to met police they also said the attacker was known to them which is often the case in modern attacks, 
  i think you 're on the wrong website, 
  because its commonly used in the uk ... this is like complaining about calling idi amin an african because it gives egyptians a bad name, 
  vice versa really, 
  the blood pooled around his head and the broken leg ? 
  i see the finnish sense of humour is still going strong, 
  go home , dad, 
   also finland ~ ~ was ~ ~ * is * not a very interesting nor important part of ~ ~ sweden ~ ~ * anything * , so i guess that 's another reason . 
  technically england , britain did n't unite until 1707, 
  i do n't think british soldiers earnt enough to qualify for voting pre-1918 though . 
  it was yearly rent of # 10 , and soldiers were only paid 14p per day, 
  implying british soldiers in the 1600s-1900s had any representation in parliament good joke mate, 
  shows how shit ireland is !, 
  they still have access even if they choose not to take it though, 
  i 'm not sure if the uk one is entirely accurate . 
  all young people are legally entitled to free condoms , morning after pills and other such things i 've also never been to a public toilet , supermarket , corner shop or pharmacy thatdid n't have a condom machine/shelf, 
  not really , only a small fraction of those words look similar to their english counterparts, 
  well not only that , also the fact it looks quite germanic, 
  i am all a nazi, 
  why does dutch have so mant repeated letters ? 
  i ca n't read the language but i can almost always spot when text is in dutch because of that, 
  it 's amazing how easily recognisable this is in another language , even though the references have been changed, 
  sure buddy, 
  i give up . 
  i really tried , but you 're really thick, 
  hence why i clarified it as the area of turkey like 283 comments ago, 
  my `` definition of turkey '' is literally the current land of the turkish state . 
  i said the land it occupies , not the current government . 
  you do n't seem to be able to understand that i 'm not talking about the current turkish government i never claimed the roman empire was turkey , i implied the land that is currently owned by turkey was two thousand years ago owned by the roman empire . 
  i do n't think that 's exactly a controversial claim, 
   i do n't see the contradiction here . 
  you said millennia means several thousand , it just means more than 1 thousand . 
  those are different . 
   that 's certainly an unusual definition of `` turkey '' but fine . 
  i 'd still say anatolia was part of much larger empires or internally divided for most of the last two thousand years . 
  jesus fucking christ please learn reading comprehension . 
  the area turkey currently occupies has been united under a solid local power for at least two thousand years . 
  that is what i said . 
  with some small gaps . 
  as i said . 
  please , read . 
  please learn history . 
  turkey is legally the continuation of the ottoman empire after its collapse in the 1920s . 
  when allies occupied most of the ottoman land , turkey fought for independence , which it won in 1922 , declaring the state of turkey as the official continuation of the ottoman empire . 
  never heard of armenian genocide denial in turkey ? 
  yeah that 's exactly it , i care so much about how smart you think i am, 
  millennia is n't several thousand years , its any multiple of thousands . 
  two thousand is thousands . 
  the area of turkey has been a united state and the local power almost continually for a good couple thousand years at least , under some form or another . 
  that is my point, 
  with some brief gaps, 
  well if history has taught us anything its that instituting supreme power in your head of state during times of crisis has never led to a fascist regime that destroys the country it rules ... let 's hope this goes the right way , for everyone in turkey and outside, 
  why not ? 
  turkey has always been a strong power in the region , if not the world , for millennia . 
  i hardly see erdogan ending that, 
  i have n't heard about this , what is it about ? 
  i 'd say spain is better off now than it was under franco , but hey , i 'm not here to speak for elderly spanish people , maybe they can weigh in, 
  the point of the thread is that of equal suffrage , the point was showing how societies can differ so boldly and still have things in common . 
  your comment was implying that muslim societies reject equal suffrage and right wing american society accepts it . 
  i was pointing out how that is n't the case , and how despite conceptions of different societies ' beliefs ( correctly or incorrectly ) all countries accept equal suffrage ( except one country but i do n't think anyone looks at them as a beacon of modern progress ), 
  that 's not the point though ? 
  turkey , pakistan , bangladesh , india and indonesia have all had female leaders despite containing nearly 900 million muslims between them the u.s. has never had a female leader,
