  hitler was the definition of extreme right wing . 
  he believed in racial and economic hierarchies , he talked at great length about the purge of communism and the jewish conspiracy behind it , and how communists must be treated as bad as vermin and `` untermensch '' he also was n't a socialist . 
  `` but , but , * national socialist * !! '', 
  yeah yeah , very clever . 
  names are deceiving and mean fuck all . 
  you look at how he ran his country and it is far from anything resembling socialism . 
  conservative politics with the belief that hierarchies are inevitable and good . 
  taken in a light form it means low tax and low control of business , taken to the extreme it leads to nazism, 
  spoiler : it 's exactly the same, 
  \\  france \\  earl, 
  being in the eu does n't make you part of europe , see : cyprus, 
  yes you can , wages and house prices are not inherently linked just because some young people make that kind of money does n't mean it is common . 
  ignore my friend if it makes it easier to grasp how high housing in london is . 
  i have many friends in london that have to flat share or live in tiny boxes because rent is so high . 
  i just used this example because it is very recent and i remembered it . 
  the average rent price in london is way over # 1000/month for so many areas . 
  this is n't just a niche luxury market im talking about , it is all flats and apartments . 
  the fact you have to have such a high paying job to afford to live in these areas is exactly my point . 
  london house pricing just does n't compare to madrid , i 'm sorry but that 's just the case . 
  city centre rent prices in madrid are less than half what they are in london , you move further from the city centre and that divide just becomes even more pronounced . 
  you say city centre flats in madrid are $ 1000 + , but that 's not necessarily true , many parts are cheaper , and even if it were true , city centre flats in london are $ 2000 +, 
  i meant for the staff , not the stock take although the stock count thing happens here too , especially in the chain pubs , so the brewery can take note of who is selling the most of their stock, 
  well uni bars are like a different planet jagerbombs for # 1 will get you nice and talkative ... 
  he has adult super vision, 
  oi how dare you although it 's true , i nearly cried when i saw a sign for # 2 pints while visiting family in derbyshire . 
  i do n't think my pub sells anything for less than # 2 except a bowl of peanuts and even they are # 1.50, 
  welcome to life in southern england ... 
  it makes me laugh when i see those `` gas prices per county '' maps of the us and even the solid dark red ones are still cheaper than my local supermarket lol i guess the upside is healthcare and super cheap international travel ? 
  it 's also a fairly middle class part of the country , most other parts of the uk are a lot cheaper than the [ home counties . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c1/home_counties_%281889_county_borders%29.svg/1200px-home_counties_%281889_county_borders%29.svg.png ) but then wages are lower and opportunities are less common . 
  the uk is becoming extremely london-centric , or maybe it has always been that way and nobody gave a shit ... 
  do n't get me wrong i was n't trying to say he was living rough or anything , he gets paid very well for his age because he worked hard and landed a job as a web developer straight out of uni . 
  i was just giving an idea of the price you 'll be paying if you want to live in london in a flat the size you suggest ( although 40 sq m and 60 sq m are very different ) that is also nowhere near the most expensive place to live in london here is an average rent price for every london tube station : http://assets3.thrillist.com/v1/image/1560005 flat sharing is the way to go as others have said, 
  petrol where i live is # 1.20 / litre , which is like $ 5.90 / us gallon . 
  but it 's not even the price of fuel that will fuck you , london has a congestion charge , which means if you want to drive your car into the city centre it 's going to cost you # 11.50 per day , every day . 
  and that 's if you set it up to pay automatically , if you do n't you might forget and have to pay a fine for not paying within 24 hours . 
  admittedly it is a small area that has to pay the charge , but to get to that area you 'll be driving for at least an hour from any part of the m25 in early morning congestion . 
  alternatively you could drive to the nearest tube station , park there , and get the tube to where you work , but that 's still going to cost you around # 180-200 / month for the tube not including the price of your car taxes , driving to the tube station , and paying the ludicrous parking fees they have there, 
  oh yeah no kidding he 's got a nice set up because he worked for it , better than me out in the `` sticks '' haha was just trying to use an example i knew of roughly the same area they called a shithole ( although 10-20 sq m can be massive difference in flat sizes ) and the price difference that comes with, 
  of course , most of the people that take these jobs are between 18 and 25 and are using the money to fund their first real sense of independence , but that 's kind of the people we 're trying to protect the most here no ? 
  many young brits are more adept with metres as a unit of distance than feet and yards , especially the ` metropolitan elite ' , to re appropriate that phrase . 
  it 's not surprising since the area it 's in and the flat itself is aimed at young professionals and europeans, 
  well i 'm not about the post my friend 's address on reddit but i can 100 % guarantee that is an image ripped directly from rightmove.co.uk of their flat . 
  areas are often specified on floor plans , and it specifies sq ft first , with sq m afterwards for young professionals and , let 's be frank , rich europeans, 
  about 2800 $ / month and they share with their boyfriend but that is n't the point . 
  they 're on a nice salary for their age ( 21 ) and want to live within half an hour of their office , if they were n't so lucky they 'd have to live out in the suburbs or a rough area . 
  the suburbs sounds nice until you realise an annual train ticket costs someone from my town 530 $ / month negating most of the savings of living out here, 
  london laughs [ my friend just moved in to a 40 sq m flat that 's 1900 $ / month ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tqbqcbr.jpg ) luckily i do n't live in the city, 
  tax fraud is already a jailable offence , the problem is finding the people that do it and then getting enough evidence to take it to court also understand that in some areas entire industries can rely on cash-in-hand , under-the-table employees . 
  i speak coming from the uk working in pubs for years , and before the major chains took over with these new gastro pubs and turning half of them in to restaurants most places were like this . 
  if they cracked down on everyone that does cash-in-hand jobs it could send many pubs under and damage the local economy , traditions and culture , which is the exact problem we 're trying to solve it 's a vicious cycle for a reason . 
  it needs heavy involvement from government to solve the issue . 
  massive increase in funding for building houses would be a good start, 
  ! remindme 8th may 2017, 
  could n't care less *, 
   no , because the argument of mass death being a collateral to that , still trumps that progress . 
  not true , for instance the rate fell from 18/1000 to 7/1000 . 
  1960 was the only year when the number of deaths was higher than in 1950 . 
  the death rate in china is the same today as it was in 1971 . 
  the same happened with infant mortality , it dropped a huge amount . 
  these are all deaths that did n't happen but would have if they 'd continued on the track they were on  same would happen if china went capitalist from the start . 
  no it would n't , china is too big to run on agricultural production . 
  there is n't enough demand in the world for china to have the same gdp it does today based off agriculture  does not refute what i said . 
  yes it does , china 's economy in the 1950s was mostly agriculture , with very little real industry . 
  china could n't become as rich today if it did n't have a massive shift in in production between 1950 and 1980 . 
  it 's not possible to just remove the 30 years and put china 's capitalist progress from 1980 back in 1950 as you say they could . 
  any attempt to do so with minimal deaths would either take many decades , or just cause millions of deaths . 
   you 've never been under communism so you would n't know . 
  marxism is stalinism and vice versa . 
  well , except the whole border and countries thing . 
  well you do n't need to be living under something to know what it is and is n't . 
  i also have never lived in 1940s germany but i can tell you that nazism and free market capitalism are n't the same . 
  so do n't be patronising , and do n't conflate two things to being the same just because you oppose them both . 
   what is there to say ? 
   you stated that a one party authoritarian regime with a gdp per capita smaller than gabon is `` doing ok '' . 
  actually i said that their hdi is very high for a country of that gdp level . 
  i never said their gdp was high , i said what they have managed to do for their people with such small wealth is impressive  holy christ that is a hilarious sentence . 
   even if the second part was in any way based in reality , it would still be incredible , but the fact that the ones that survived also still remained in a communist hellhole for decades makes it just ... so much juicier . 
  again you just belittle what i 'm saying instead of actually addressing it . 
  you 're wrong and you know it , or else you 'd combat the fact that from 1950 to 1980 china 's infant mortality plummeted , education soared , and the poor were much better off . 
   in paper it sounds great , in reality nothing of it was effectively done and tens of millions died for it ffs . 
  the things i quoted are actually based on statistics . 
  if you think any of those things are just `` on paper '' and not direct readings of historical statistics then you 're wrong , sorry . 
   or you know , they could have left their peasant fields through capitalism instead , under the nationalists , and became today 's china by the 1970s . 
  except that the chinese economy is n't based on agriculture . 
  the largest sectors are electronic equipment , machines , clothing and textiles , chemicals , and metals . 
  agricultural produce only counts for around 4 % of china 's exports . 
  a lot of money , sure , but not enough to build their entire national economy on . 
  china needed the huge shift from farming to factory working to get where it is today  i disagree , as the other side fled to the peasant forest of taiwan and tried to do the same without communism , the results are clear , they had 5 times the gdp per capita by 1980 ; china also had just gone through civil war that had basically missed taiwan , plus the taiwanese population was now 25 % chinese army and chinese elites , that had just gutted china 's gold and currency reserves . 
  your graph shows gdp per capita , which is n't a very good indicator when one country starts as an island of 8 million people with tons of money and the other is a massive nation of 550 million people that were mainly peasant farmers . 
   black men also commit over 50 % of violent crime despite being just 6 % of the population . 
  because they live in poverty that 's continued by capitalism and racial economic segregation . 
  many black people are almost forced to live in inner city ghettos where crime is high , poverty is rampant , and you need a defensive attitude to survive  also , a police officer is 12 times more likely to be killed by a black man than vice versa . 
  that does n't exactly combat the idea that usa is worse than the cuba ... 
  stalinism is as much the product of marxism as nazism is of capitalism, 
   oh boy ... how about actually responding to what i said ? 
  this comment adds nothing . 
  human development in cuba is high , education levels are high , healthcare is available for all and of good quality . 
  sure the technology is old and people do n't walk around browsing reddit on their phone but that 's not necessarily a bad thing . 
  people make cuba out to be a communist hellhole but clearly do n't know what it 's really like there .
