  well , since you 're getting into technicalities instead of taking it as it is meant , assylum seekers and refugees are migrants . 
  a migrant is anyone that travels from one country to another . 
  you 're thinking of economic migrants . 
  if you 're going to get pedantic at least know what you 're talking about, 
  and greece 's economy is doing so well as of now , we should really dump tens of thousands of migrants on them because they 'd definitely be able to cope, 
   they can not be deported as sweden 's migration board has judged eritrea to be unsafe wow if only there was some building in sweden you could send criminals to so this story would n't be so sensationalist, 
  refugees tend to have much lower levels of employment than legal economic migrants . 
  this is coupled with lower english skills and the ability to support themselves fully . 
  now i 'm not going to blame migrants for that , and i do n't want you to think i am , but it 's a fact that we have to talk about . 
  i can find sources for anything you want but a good read through first would be this document : https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/116062/horr37-report.pdf we need to remember that eastern europeans come because they have a skill , know our language and want to make some money . 
  syrian people come because they fear for their life and have no other option, 
  having to marry a swedish woman , what a real shame that is, 
  refugees = / = immigrants not to say i 'm against helping refugees , but to claim that syrian refugees are the same as polish labourers is stupid, 
  honestly they are n't . 
  i really ca n't blame the tube drivers for striking . 
  they 're being pushed into an unreasonable position with tfl 's ( read : not even tfl they were forced to do it ) decision to run night trains . 
  besides , tube drivers strike quite a lot and they have some of the best responses from their strikes in terms of pay , working standards and union power . 
  they should really be looked up to in other industries not despised . 
  why must it be a race to the bottom , ca n't we work our way to the top together ? 
  you 'd have thought the french would be good at minding the gap , we built our biggest gap between us and france, 
  i like where i live , i hate where i 'm from haha, 
  i was born in stevenage , that town in the op with the poundland . 
  that 's a very stereotypical view of the new town . 
  it 's an absolute , steaming pile of horse wank . 
  but hey , at least it is n't swindon, 
  the fact that there 's an entire wikipedia page devoted to what a chav is and is n't makes me very happy, 
  would love to know if they 'd change their flag to be a nordic cross ... who am i kidding , snp dumping the saltire ? 
  makes more sense now, 
  still do n't understand why an irish person would tell me to say something in irish , nor how i 'd be able to answer it that way ... 
  i dont get it, 
  yeah i disagree with him too , he 's mad, 
  you talking about the leaders or the party as a whole ? 
  no , labour are . 
  they are fiscally right and socially left , exactly what you just said you are . 
  the fact you think lib dems are our most central party reiterates you do n't know what central is, 
   i 'm well and firmly place in the centre ... i 'd usually throw my vote away on the lib dems i do n't think the centre means what you think it means, 
  that was n't the invasion though , that was the occupation while they tried to ~ ~ find all the oil ~ ~ create a new stable government, 
  yeah but oil also it 's not an issue of national pride . 
  our citizens live on those islands , just because they are far away does n't mean they are any less important . 
  if france invaded the channel islands , do you think we 'd protect them ? 
  or spain invading gibraltar ? 
  or cuba into the cayman islands ? 
  yes of course we would . 
  we do n't just abandon our citizens because it 's expensive, 
   you 're like what germany would be if they had n't spent the last 60 years castrating themselves right ... 
  haha brilliant !, 
  i 've only been once and it was very nice to be fair, 
  near brasov i think . 
  a couple of hours north of bucharest . 
  i ca n't remember exactly where because they picked me up and dropped me off in bucharest, 
  i ca n't actually remember what they called it but google images of sarmale looks familiar i was only there for a week last may i think it was so maybe i was just visiting at the height of cabbage season , if that is a thing , but they had cabbage every evening meal and then most lunch times . 
  even normal meals they were chopping cabbage and pouring it in for no clear reason or logic they had a dish which was basically fried cabbage with onion and garlic . 
  that was really nice to be fair , just got inundated with cabbage , i really was n't expecting it lol, 
  because obviously this was going to be a realistically cheap flight otherwise right ? 
  `` lager in the uk is # 3 '' my town it 's at least # 4 :(, 
  new zealand is technically further also , ever played cluedo ? 
  underground passages to the other side in one turn , innit ? 
  i dont mean to be rude but australia is n't european , why are you posting this comment ? 
  8 degrees ? 
  i visited friends in romania and they ate cabbage for every meal . 
  i 'm not joking , i 've never seen so much cabbage in my life . 
  kudos for being able to eat so much cabbage i guess ? 
  how do you know the were n't ? 
  arrested could just be the cover story !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anatolia http://puu.sh/ji8h8/b4aa17a29c.jpg i included russia because most of the population is in europe . 
  i do not actually know ... looking at its flag i cant actually think why i did that ... 
  i 've updated it now, 
  god dammit i knew a czech would come and argue that :p czech republic i did n't know what to put as , sorry, 
  http://i.imgur.com/97xfe93.png red - 3 plain stripes green - 2 plain stripes pink - 3 stripes with extras yellow - 2 stripes with extras blue - nordic cross white - other flags grey - not european not pictured - city states, 
  everyone 's stupid when they 're drunk, 
  just for the record , first aid kits are n't mandatory in the uk, 
  except ukrainians , they 're escaping any way possible, 
  i do love that picture , the first one . 
  not only for its content but there 's something about the colours and actual visual appearance of it . 
  very striking . 
  it 's actually `` her husband and she '', 
  i do n't think buying from the ottoman empire counts as greece letting us have them ... 
   you 're comparing apples and oranges . 
  / r/askhistorians removes comments and submissions that are against the rules , not because they do n't like the questions/comments . 
  and who exactly wrote those rules ? 
  hitler ranked people by their race basically like this : good : * aryans * nords -- acceptable : * croats * japanese * persians * mediterraneans * other slavs -- bad : * arabs , maori , other natives * black people , jews , romani, 
  and find a job ? 
  hahahahaha, 
  depends where . 
  i live in a commuter town and a 3 bed house on my road is # 1,000 / month without bills as you go in it gets worse . 
  here is a nice 2 bed flat in central london : http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-to-rent/property-52688546.html/svr/3118;jsessionid=e97f551985f7975c26a38f70d101b727?showcase=true it 's only # 2,275 / month !, 
  and look how roomy that kitchen is !, 
  maybe you want to live alone in central london ? 
  well look no further !, 
  one bed flat with a luxury terrace only # 1,950 / month !, 
  http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-to-rent/property-52974656.html/svr/3118;jsessionid=e97f551985f7975c26a38f70d101b727?showcase=true -- obviously these are in the middle of london and prices there are downright ridiculous . 
  but that 's the point ; housing in london is crazy . 
  far worse than almost any other city in the world . 
  and it is n't getting better , it 's getting worse !, 
  the problem is most of the jobs are in the city centre . 
  there are tons of smaller towns on the outskirts of london which are cheap and utter shitholes to live in with easy commuting , but the fact remains without selling your children 's organs on the black market you can either have cheap or you can have comfort . 
  there 's no way you can live in london and get both any more . 
  average over country . 
  you likely live in a city . 
  it is n't .
