  i find this disturbing . 
  my bad !, 
  i took the `` i definitely would '' as in `` i definitely would like to watch them crash and burn '' , not as `` i definitely would say that a lot of people want ... '' . 
  hurr durr ... i need to sleep ... 
  my bad . 
  ~ ~ so you do n't see any good in it but you want it to crash and burn ? 
  sensible ~ ~ edit : i am an idiot, 
  well i do n't see what any good would come out of that . 
  i literally just read that , my bad . 
  hopefully this will speed up the process . 
  i have to say though , i feel people are going to question theresa may 's legitimacy to invoke article 50 since she was not elected . 
  the word being originated from mandarin does n't necessarily mean that the portuguese did n't get it from the japanese . 
  let 's say china invented the wheel and japan got it from china . 
  then portuguese go to japan and get the wheel . 
  in this scenario the portuguese got the wheel from japan , but the origin of the wheel is still china . 
  she said she would lead the exit though . 
  i think portuguese explorers got to japan before macau, 
  well the pound is still quite low and the uk does import a lot . 
  i hope the uk stabilises but it will all come down to the negotiations . 
  remember that the uk has n't actually left yet . 
  it will probably take a few years to see the full repercussions or lack off . 
  i checked the wikipedia page when you first mentioned . 
  the explanation seems reasonable . 
   the loan seems to have come from northern china actually . 
  but is it because * ocha * in japanese is derived from the mandarin word ? 
  i think it is pretty accepted that portuguese were the first to come in contact with tea and that happened while in japan . 
  well i trusted the japanese person i work with when she told me . 
  i was not aware of the portuguese influences . 
   but i will seriously be pissed if they get a better deal than norway or island . 
  i do n't think this will happen at all . 
  single market is the best deal and it comes with freedom of movement . 
  if the uk did get a better deal this would open a precedent that the eu does not want to open . 
  portugal got it from the japanese . 
  it was probably an exchange for tempura and arigato :d, 
  i do n't think the uk will be made an example of . 
  the uk will simply be treated as any non-member country would be . 
  the main thing is that the brits do n't want freedom of movement , and without that norway and switzerland kind of deal , which arguably would be the fastest kind of deal , is off the table . 
  regarding the competent politicians . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not just britain . 
  the problem with allowing anyone to be a representative in a parliament is that they do n't actually have to know anything about the laws and regulations that affect their own country . 
  think about it , no one evaluates the knowledge of a politician on the matters that they are going to be discussing . 
  i am living in the uk and there seems to be a general consensus ( even within left-liberal people ) that theresa may is probably the only one able to make some sense out of this mess , but even then that will come with a price . 
  all of the delays with government action is just making things worse . 
  they should really have been able to trigger article 50 and have a team of negotiators ready at least a month after the referendum . 
  now the tory party vote for a new leader is only going to be held in september , and only then will article 50 be invoked and only after that will negotiations happen . 
  this is looking like at least half a year process which business just can not gamble with , without knowing which terms the uk is going to have with the eu, 
  so if greece leaving is unreasonable , even though they are n't cured , the eu still works in their favour . 
  you can not ~ ~ prevent ~ ~ anticipate the future . 
  you are assuming that the status quo is going to go unchanged . 
  what about the conflicts between northern ireland and the republic of ireland ? 
  did they have anything to gain from it ? 
  the thing about the eu is that over times it decreases the need for an armed force due to cultural acceptance and social integration . 
  edit : corrected prevent , my brain is dead , languages are merging together, 
   since nato and nuclear deterrents arrived . 
  oh yes , nuclear deterrents . 
  because any sane country is going to bomb the shit out of another country with nuclear weapons just to prevent war with that country . 
  sure . 
  alright, 
  i think you misunderstand the meaning of the word peace . 
  peace is not just about not physically attacking each other . 
  also the eu has won the nobel peace prize , so there you go . 
  do you really believe that the eu did n't bring peace ? 
  really ? 
  just because the desire is not there it does n't mean it 's ** not ** going to be in future . 
  the point is what if nato breaks itself . 
  not saying that likely but it could be a situation of say 3 countries that belonged to nato fighting another 3 countries that belonged to nato . 
  also natoo ca n't just mobilize full force to bring someone down . 
  if nato exists it 's because other threats exist , which could take advantage of the situation . 
  is peace based on fear of retaliation really peace ? 
  i do n't know how the trusts would work in the single market kind of situation , i.e. , the trusts having to be more transparent in order to do business . 
  the article specifically mentions the uk having to follow eu legislation so interpreted it as having some kind of possible impact even after the uk leaves . 
  if that is true , because i do n't think they are ready to throw single market of the table just yet , they may want to avoid new legislation to come into place . 
  also if it did fail to legislate for a couple of years maybe the eu would apply sanctions ? 
  but as the article said the uk blocked it several times before . 
  what i meant was if it tries to do the same now . 
  it will be interesting to see how this will turn out in terms of the voting . 
  if they try to block it again ( as they still have to follow it for a couple of years ) i will be interested to see the reaction of the eu . 
  i would n't say that many people want the uk to crash and burn . 
  the uk is a nice place and it would be a shame if it just went to shit . 
  it 's just that the interests of the eu and the uk differ . 
  not wanting special treatment to the uk is not wanting ~ ~ is ~ ~ it to crash and burn , it 's wanting the eu to stay strong . 
  i think what was meant was the sports organisations of russia, 
  look at it like this . 
  in terms of trade agreements it does n't matter if 52 % voted to leave , or if 70 % voted to leave , or if 100 % voted to leave . 
  in the end the uk pm and the parliament , the representatives of the people , will invoke article 50 , not the leave voters . 
  in the grand scheme of things the end result , regardless of how many people voted to leave , it 's the same , the uk leaving the eu . 
  this means 100 % out of the eu , there is no 52 % out . 
  the eu will negotiate with the uk as it would with any other non-member country ( while taking in account eu citizens in the uk ) . 
  edit : wording, 
   people are allowed to march for whatever they want i just thing it 's a bit ridiculous what about the 40 years that many people spent to get the uk out of the eu after the vote that british people had to get into the eu ? 
  was that propaganda against democracy ? 
  i do n't think this will die out . 
  it goes through cycles and chances are that many brits , and many young brits will keep wanting to be part of the eu again someday . 
  you will just have to wait another 40 years to * try * to get in again . 
  in the meantime maybe people will have a better outlook on the eu . 
  unfortunately that is how it works when you live in any society . 
  it would be nice if people could get `` european citizenship '' but that 's unlikely to happen . 
  hey , you could always move to a eu country and eventually get a double nationality . 
  the thing is that the goals of the 52 % are mostly incompatible with the goals of the 48 % . 
  there is no way that the eu can appease both sides , so the eu needs to do what is best for itself now , which will involve some kind of trade agreement but probably not the kind that you want because there ca n't be a trade agreement for 52 % of the population and another one for the 48 %,
