unfortunately i am reluctant to believe that stop financing mosques would stop terrorism too . 
  maybe it would help , maybe it would make it worse by making people feel oppressed , i do n't know . 
  populations tend to rally behind of what they perceive as a common enemy so that they can shift the focus from other problems . 
  a few years ago an open world was awesome because people lived in a closed one and that was not working for them . 
  now a closed world is awesome because they live in a open world and that 's not working for them . 
  next step : putting regulations on the internet to avoid being exposed to ideas from other countries , because their culture is not necessary . 
   that 's a bullshit excuse you do realize that the education that the parents provide is still a major component on how a kid grows ? 
  add to that increasing hatred towards muslims and that 's how you originate more extreme views . 
  extreme views are rising everywhere . 
  you can not eliminate a view completely within a few generations . 
  for fuck sake we have neo-nazis !, 
  ok , we stop letting them in , fair enough . 
  do we stop every single one of them ? 
  presumably not . 
  how does this work against the argument that the new generations in the west are worse ? 
  and say we do stop them all then what ? 
  we just leave them be ? 
  how is that solving the problem ? 
  i hope that you never live in a situation of war and have to look for refugee somewhere , because there is a terrorist attack every hour or more in your country . 
  edit : anyway , thank you for having this discussion instead of dismissing it completely . 
  i know those polls and i agree with you in the sense that it 's ridiculous how so many of them , including woman , do n't see the problem with that . 
  but you also have to take in a account that many grew in a society completely different from the two of us . 
  for example of if i lived all my life in my room , i would n't be aware of other realities , and even if i did at some point , i would be reluctant to accept them . 
  so what is the solution ? 
  we ca n't just kick all the muslims out of europe/usa . 
  we ca n't also just go to the source and kill them all . 
  what else is there but trying to promote acceptance over time ? 
  i did not say from my perspective , i said from their perspective . 
  do you think the people that lost their families will be like `` oh it was a mistake , i 'm sure they will get it right next time '', 
  did i ever say to bury the head in the sand ? 
  but what do you want to do ? 
  do you want to make camps for all muslims currently in europe ? 
  do you want to go attack them at their source ? 
  recently america bombed civilians in syria . 
  is that not a terrorist act from their prespective ? 
  islam may bread more violent people from our prespective but they are not the only religion that leads to extremisms . 
  many do . 
  the difference is that this is the one that we also physically attack the most . 
   everyone knows the christian branch of beliefs do n't include currently instigating war or executions . 
  you should google christian terrorism . 
  also , how can people seriously say that the bible does not promote violence too ? 
  crimes punishable by death penalty in the bible : male homosexuality , loss of virginity before marriage , cursing/disobeying a parent , worshiping other gods , and the list goes on . 
   radicals disguising themselves among normal peaceful muslims all that i am saying is that there are peaceful muslims working in our societies , who may still have islam as a religion to some degree . 
  should these people be punished ? 
  i never denied that there are things in islam i do not agree with . 
  in fact i am full blown atheist , so i do n't see the point in any religion . 
  my main point is that you also have to think that maybe , the muslims that left the country also do not agre with the extreme religious views . 
  the same way that christianity changed over time , so can islam change over time . 
  now if you completely deny all of it , that gets people angry because it 's like you are denying their existence . 
   how do you know all nazis took mein kampf as the literal word of hitlter ? 
  i also do n't blame all the soldiers . 
  i just think that we need to be careful , as the more extremist would probably be unwilling to leave their own country for a complete different society . 
   http://5pillarsuk.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/5pillars_normative_islam_report_2016.pdf what about all the other stats in the same page ? 
  if those are the belief systems of muslims , which would be set in the quoran , then why there are different levels of `` acceptance '' of these beliefs ? 
  i am not saying that the majority does n't , but at the same time many that do leave to go to another country may be included in the percentage that does n't believe in the extreme views . 
  why blame everyone ? 
   god to kill non-believers in your ` peaceful ' text . 
  you shall have not other gods before me - basically condemning people to eternal suffering for believing in something else . 
  also the bible does n't condemn people to death ? 
  really ? 
  i may have read a different one then . 
   christianity modernised and stopped it 's medieval savagery/butchery true , but there still plenty of things wrong . 
  the most obvious one vein priests molesting kids . 
  what about the other more extreme religions originated from christianity ? 
  what about all of those rules that some want to impose because goes against their belief system ? 
  you know this how ? 
  have you talked to muslims ? 
  or are you basing on what the media reports ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that are many muslims that do not believe in every word of the koran , same way that believers in the bible believe it do different extents . 
  i do n't call every religious person stupid because a portion of them believe that the world is only 6000 years old . 
  when you start getting aggressive with a belief system of a certain person that 's when they get aggressive in return . 
  even at this very moment you are probably getting annoyed at me . 
  sure we have to be careful , but we ca n't treat everyone the same just because of a certain perception we have of that group . 
  ca n't argue with the science and technology part . 
  uk does have the best funding schemes for science, 
  are all people that believe in the bible and the western god the same religion/belief systems ? 
  liechtenstein has 160 km2 and 37000 people . 
  do you know how easy it is to imbalance a country with just that population ? 
  comparing uk to liechtenstein and saying they have the same needs is ridiculous . 
  what you are supposed to tell the kids , and what i have told a few i have teached , is that good education can be achieved in any country , and that it does n't really matter much where they do their degrees because the information they will be exposed is going to be roughly the same . 
  what really matters is that they go out of their way to learn new things and to get actual practical experience . 
  do n't blame the eu nationals on lack of science jobs in the uk , as the uk also got plenty of funding from the eu . 
  if there is competition it just means that the quality needs to increase . 
  academia is in a disgraceful state everywhere . 
  the reason for such high competitive and for the fact that only a very small portion of phds ( 3 % ? ), 
  can actually secure an academic position is precisely because education became more accessible . 
  education being cheaper and more accessible is a good thing because more people have at least the opportunity to try to work on their ideas . 
   now you 're using uk facilities to become a competitor for british scientists . 
  or one could say that the british facilities are using my skills , and the skills of other non-uk nationals , to develop the science done in this facilities and raising their status . 
  where i work , around 40 % of the group leader are not uk nationals , and when you go to pos-docs and students that percentage becomes even slightly larger . 
  countries that have more people leaving for work receive more restructuration funds from the eu so that they can build infrastructures . 
  what good would it be for qualified people to stay in their country if they ca n't get a job they are qualified for ? 
  i came to the uk to do a phd because there was little chance i would get funding for one in portugal , and portugal is one of the countries that receives more money from the eu . 
  it 's unfair to blame the eu for brain drainage if a country is efficiently training more people than it can use . 
  cheap education with quality does that . 
  anytime is a good time to express individuality . 
  giving them uniforms is not going to prevent them from being concerned on how they look . 
  i would rather let my students be themselves and feeling they can express themselves then having them think they have to follow some kind of standard and be like everyone else . 
   school uniforms are about conformity !, 
  it is an equaliser !,
