  yeah i know . 
  i am just saying that if it came down to it in case of an emergency she could do it, 
  this was not a priority poll , it was about whether or not they would like to see it changed . 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't find the source now , it was in a newspaper website , either the independent or the telegraph . 
  well the eu is waiting for you to start your journey so that we can move on from the break up . 
  no he does not , but being the leader of a party gives him more `` weight '', 
   that is what we are waiting for . 
  no it is not . 
  the eu is waiting for the uk , not the other way around . 
  before voting to leave the uk should have an idea of what to bring to the negotiating table and it turns out that it does n't even have capable negotiators . 
  does this not sound like leaping out of a plane without checking if you have a parachute first ? 
  you do n't need to have any power in order to be able to have discussions . 
  not having any power never stopped farage about campaigning and arguing against eu membership . 
  if he was so vocal about leaving , why ca n't he be vocal about what he thinks , or what he party thinks , would be the best action for the uk government ? 
  he definitely had many eyes on him , now more than ever . 
  i think there was a pool of different eu directive and what uk citizens would like for the government to have more power and changed . 
  it was something like this ( percentage of people that wanted it to change ) : 66 % immigration 44 % judicial power and law 30 % fisheries 30 % agriculture 15 % other i do n't think you can argue this was n't about immigration, 
  could you give examples ? 
  you mention thing that would n't suit the uk , but what about things that would suit the uk but would not suit the rest of eu . 
  if all countries would fight for their own interest and screw everyone else i feel things would get a bit chaotic, 
  if i 'm not mistaken she does have political powers . 
  she could for example appoint a new prime minister . 
  she can also suspend the parliament, 
  earthlings are ruining the moon , time to close relantionships . 
  no more tides for you guys, 
  wait if the moon is not made of cheese why is the earth flat ? 
  i thought it was to serve as a plate when gravity stops working . 
  i hope the universe is made out of brie , but it kinda tastes smells like emmental ... 
  i think people forget that if a service exists it 's because people use them, 
  ^ this . 
  without freedom of movement uk nationals stop being european citizens . 
  if they are not eu citizens they would have to get visas and probably would n't be able to have the rights they have now , and the cost would have to be covered by the uk . 
  they can still work in the eu , and eu citizens will still be able to work in the uk but the logistics will be very different, 
   all prominent leave campaigners could state that the moon is made of cheese but that does n't make it so . 
  it 's not ? 
  i understand this , i lived most my life in a small village where many people would go to france and luxembourg to work . 
  dropping the eu and the euro still does n't seem like a good idea to me . 
  they could become england independence party . 
  at this point why not ? 
  ukip did n't make sense either, 
  living in the uk i really hoped you guys would just go to general elections . 
  i shudder every-time i read comments on portuguese newspapers on how eu does n't do anything for the country , that germany is trying to control and that portugal should also leave the eu and abandon the euro . 
  one could say that european is a more inclusive term . 
  nevertheless i never actually said i was proud to be european , my arguments extend to other continents too . 
  europe is simply closer and easier to access, 
  i ca n't answer for the person you are replying to but i can give an answer of my own as i feel more european than portuguese . 
  there are a few points : 1 ) i personally do not understand why people feel `` proud '' of the place they are born . 
  to me pride is something reserved for what you achieved and not for circunstances that are out of my control . 
  blindly saying `` my city/country is better than yours '' just seems silly to me because , most of the times , people actually do n't go out of their way to explore/understand other places . 
  you ca n't compare two things if you only know one of them . 
  you ca n't review a movie if you have n't watched it . 
  you ca n't understand people until you interact with them . 
  i like the freedom of going to another country and being able to live there and have contact with their culture and not just turistic spots . 
  2 ) what are borders ? 
  what is a country ? 
  portugal for example has many different cultural aspect from north to south . 
  i have been living in england for the past 4 years and i get the same impression , do n't know if you agree with me or not . 
  going back to portugal , one could probably say that people that are close to the border with spain haven cultural influences from there that people from the coast do not . 
  same with the spanish , the ones at the border with portugal probably have cultural influences that the ones at the border with france do not and vice-versa . 
  borders were created in times of war and they changed all the time , they just happened to settle as they are now . 
  3 ) the country a person is born in does not necesserely represent the ideals and views of that person . 
  so what does it mean `` i 'm portuguese '' , besides that i was born in portuguese territory ? 
  what does it mean for you to be english ? 
  is there something so different about portugal compared to any other country that would define almost 100 % of the population that no other people have ? 
  you can probably feel more at `` home '' or more `` confortable '' in other some cities in other countries than in cities of your own country . 
  i lived in the north of portugal for most of my life and it was `` meh '' , too religious for me . 
  i lived in lisbon and it was great . 
  i came to oxford and it feels `` meh '' . 
  london feels great , manchester would probably feel better too . 
  i went to prague a couple of times and felt great , i stayed in zeliv for a while and it was `` meh '' . 
  only been there to visit but amsterdam felt a bit `` meh '' , but utrecht felt like a place i would live ... sorry , i think you get my point , been going for a while . 
  all in all i see myself as european because the eu is an idea that i like , of openess and hability to share what each country has to offer . 
  i also feel european because there are many places in europe that i identify more with than with my whole country in general . 
  hope this makes sense, 
  i know these situations exist with portuguese abroad , just do n't know how frequent they are . 
  for example here in the uk i have n't heard/met anyone in that situation . 
  but also , even if the minimum wage increase it does n't necessarily mean that those situations would end . 
  like the article said , it 's willingness to work for longer hours . 
  in this scenario , imagine that the minimum wage was raised . 
  the thais would still willing to work for that , would live in poor conditions close to work , and would work weekend without demanding anything . 
  for the business man this would still be a better choice than to hire a portuguese person . 
  to avoid exploitation one there would have to be better human rights legislations , unfortunately this reality still exists nowadays . 
   even recently one of the excuses of those that in portugal say that they `` are forced '' to import seasonal east asian labour was that `` a alas , we must pay minimum wage to stay competitive with the others here , if only it was higher we would not mind , honestly ! '', 
  i do n't understand why the need for east asian labour . 
  does n't this just means that unemployed people in portugal are unwillling to work for the minimum wage ? 
  i just do n't think that border control is solution to anything . 
  just because i happened to be born in a certain country i should n't have to have barrier upon barrier if i wanted try living somewhere else, 
  or maybe some also like to go to other countries , like myself , so that they can experience new opportunities , environments and better conditions for the career that go beyond asking for more money . 
  and there is also the fact that in portugal is incredible dificult to progress in most careers and that unemployment does n't get solved my paying more . 
  if anything , if people would have less opportunities to leave and were `` forced '' to stay , i can see a situation where the gov. 
  would lower the salaries and/or raise taxes , to be able to pay for the unemployment benefits . 
  measuring migration entails a number of difficulties that make the availability of information quite scarce , even when simply measuring the number of migrants . 
  the major limitations are due to the fact that only registered migrations across borders are counted . 
  internal migration is not considered . 
  according to undp internal migrants are almost four times the number of international migrants , thus representing an important phenomenon for a number of countries , especially for larger countries with internal economic and social differences . 
  not considering them may greatly bias the real overall figures of the migration phenomena . 
  in addition , figures reflect only legal migration , as measured by the receiving country . 
  illegal migrants are obviously not counted and no country generally counts the number of people leaving , which means that there is no double checking mechanism . 
  also , short-term migrants are often not registered under national regulatory frameworks and , therefore , are not included in available statistics . 
  to be registered , a person entering from outside the country must intend to stay in the country for a specified minimum period , which may vary from one week ( germany ) to three months ( belgium ) , or even one year ( sweden ) .
