  i would say that they steal individuality . 
  people should able to dress in a way they feel most comfortable with and should be able to express themselves in however they see fit . 
  well ironically i did my undergrad and master 's in portugal . 
  paid less than a 1000 euros/year for undergrad ( took one extra year than i should but that did not increase tuition ) and did not pay for my master 's because the tuition was wavered . 
  now i 'm getting paid to do a phd in england , so i guess that worked out well for me too . 
  the point is that more expensive education does n't mean a better one . 
  everyone should have the same opportunities regardless of their social background , it 's not always about the economy , sometimes it 's about social equality . 
  you talk about supply/demand but there are plenty of countries that offer free/cheap high education and then these qualified people are often hired in countries with expensive education . 
  would n't the demand in the job market incentivate the governments to decrease tuition in order to educate more people in professions the country requires ? 
  education should be getting cheaper ( free idealy ) , not more expensive , this is just sad . 
  i would not do a undegraduate degree in the uk ( or us ) paying this kind of fees . 
  darwin and newton would be on the greatest of the world ; they shaped the way we see the world, 
  it 's just not very reassuring that a defence strategy is not actually a defence strategy but a retaliation one . 
  as a citizen i do n't really care with `` hey you and everyone you knew die but a least we get them too am i right ? '' . 
  also i am not entirely convinced a sane country would bomb the shit out of another just for retaliation , killing more innocent lives and actually not getting anywhere with it . 
  ca n't we just not have nukes ? 
  so many trillions used on this just in case a insane leader decides to do something stupid . 
  it 's the most drastic measure against insanity ever . 
  oh sure , if they can detect it in time they could surely fire their own . 
  but this is why i do n't understand the fear of nuclear attack , any country that would initiate it they would also be destroyed , there would ' t be anything to gain . 
  now if they were really interested in defence they would invest on actual defensive methods . 
  a bomb is not a weapon for defence it 's a weapon for attack . 
  all this nuclear deterrent talk is bit disturbing because like you say it would only cause mutual destruction . 
  depends on the destruction they cause , if they target cities with governmental or military facilities that would hinder the other side a lot . 
  the radiation radius would be few kilometres and within a few weeks the ones that did n't die from the explosions would die from radiation sickness . 
  even if the country was able to respond somehow , an attack of a couple hundred nukes would render many locations inhabitable and the stability of the country would probably be compromised . 
  hypothetically , in a nuclear war situation , the winning side would likely be the one to strike first . 
  let 's face it , russia would be the largest threat ( unless the usa decides to go nuts ) , and with the thousands of warheads they have , with an infrastructure ready to lunch several at the same time they would take down most opposition . 
  that 's my point , there are other pressing matters at hand that need to be solved . 
  this seems to me an attempt to take advantage of the political instability . 
  i would say that the deterrent of the 1700 something warhead the usa has is much larger than the 150 deterrent the uk has . 
  even france has almost double the uk . 
  i do n't think war would break out just because the uk would go a couple of years with an oldish submarine ( which as far i understand still works ) . 
  also i read that technology will probably advance to the point of making a new submarine obsolete much sooner than the lifetime end of the submarine . 
  i stand corrected but is it worth renewing them ? 
  is it worth renewing them now or in the near future instead of leaving this decision for the near future ? 
  oh sorry , i kept forgetting this argument . 
  if you already have hundreds of nuclear bombs why do you need more ? 
  one single nuclear bomb attack would trigger ww3 . 
  hundreds from each side ? 
  that would be the end of civilisation as we know it . 
  i do n't think we would . 
  a portugal and spain union would only be usefull if both countries separated from the eu . 
  both being member the union would have no real benefit, 
  i do n't think this would fly well with most portuguese . 
  cooperation ? 
  yeah sure . 
  political union as in , there would some kind of iberian parliament ? 
  not likely . 
   so it begins now it ends, 
  i stand corrected on the canada comment . 
  but like you said single market is much more than that . 
  i have n't read it anywhere else , i just think that `` access '' can mean many things . 
  for example the common external tariffs , it could mean that the uk wants to have the same tariffs that the eu negotiated with other countries . 
  also in the case of canada , the eu is a very small market for it but it still imports about 35 % more than it exports so i 'm sure it was in their interest to follow the same regulations to be able to sell better ( ironically the largest export partner in europe is the uk , while the largest import is germany ), 
  i very much like the idea of the eurozone , and while it has problems i do n't think it 's an idea that should be abandoned . 
  more than that , i think an acceptance of cultures and an open world where one has more choices to choose it 's path is not an idea that should be abandoned, 
  it depends on what he says with access . 
  with a fta no one will stop the uk from buying with eu and vice-versa . 
  the single market rests on 4 pillars : 1 . 
  free movement of goods , persons , services and capital between member states 2 . 
  the approximation of relevant laws , regulations and administrative provisions between member states 3 . 
  eu-wide competition policy , administered by the commission 4 . 
  a system of common external tariffs ( cet - also known as the common customs tariff ) in the case of fta is free movement of goods ( someone correct me if i 'm wrong ) , it does n't mean you get all the others . 
  living in the uk it really saddens me that the comments in this subreddit , and apparently from british politicians , are that one side has all the leverage and that they just want the other side to collapse . 
  canada-eu is a free trade agreement ( or area ) , it 's not single market . 
  they have access to the single market in the sense they can sell to it , but they are not part of it as a whole . 
  you do realise that even the leave campaign has been claiming they could maintain access to the single market ? 
  the uk also wants the single market . 
  the single market is the best option for everyone . 
  what is not the best option in undermining one of the core principles of the eu, 
  this is the best comment i have seen about brexit, 
  one can keep dreaming, 
  you do realize these agricultural products can still be used for other things right ? 
  like you can make jams for example and you can also donate it to food banks and there are other options . 
  do you mean restrictions like : - for stays of over three months : the right of residence is subject to certain conditions . 
  eu citizens and their family members -- if not working -- must have sufficient resources and sickness insurance to ensure that they do not become a burden on the social services of during their stay - being able to expel people , or prevent their entry , based on their personal conduct - only being able to have permanent residency after 5 years of uninterrupted legal residency ? 
  regarding the non-eu countries . 
  you do realise they do n't have freedom of movement right ? 
  you do realise many of these are fleeing from a war-thorn country ? 
  there are different kinds of market . 
  a single market , which was derived from a common market . 
  you can negotiate which kind of trade you want with the eu , but you can not negotiate parts of the single market . 
  eu will not sacrifice one of it 's funding and more important principles for the uk . 
  why do you think that the us does n't have access to the single market ? 
  according to your arguments the us is the largest economy in the world , and it would be in the interest of the eu to allow single market access . 
  this does n't mean they are unwilling to negotiate other options . 
  here is an article about different markets : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-36083664 here is more information ( jump to slide 10 ) : http://slideplayer.com/slide/4902889/, 
  put yourself in the eu position . 
  why would they open a precedence for limits on freedom of movement ? 
  if the uk is allowed , other would be allowed and that would undermine what the whole eu stands for . 
  the eu is waiting to negotiate with the uk , it 's waiting on article 50 . 
  my point is that some things are not negotiable , i.e. , single market with no freedom of movement , it 's just not a thing . 
  yes , the uk is a large economy . 
  germany , and now france , alone are larger than the uk , put all of the eu together and is much more of an appealing pack than the uk alone . 
  if it becomes choosing between the uk and the eu , i do n't think many would choose the uk unless it made a lot of concessions . 
  again i think you are overestimating thing a bit . 
  the uk can not negotiate properly with the other countries without knowing what the terms are going to be with the eu . 
  part of the uk attractiveness is that is a gateway to eu and the single market . 
  without that you can only negotiate for business to do business in the uk , while before any company registered in the uk could branch or immediately negotiate with a bunch of other countries .
