  an anecdotal example , but i know a french guy living in the uk who is married to a british woman and they have kids , however his parents in law voted to leave ( and before they voted for ukip ) . 
  not saying that this is always the case , but this is messed up . 
  well i am considering leaving as well but i do n't think i would be unable to get funding here . 
  i think it 's a lot of uncertainty as well because many fellowships say that to apply you need to be an eu citizen or be living in the uk for a certain amount of years . 
  these fellowships could easily change to be more restrictive but i have my doubts . 
  some yes , but the loss will probably not be as dramatic as it would be in other countries . 
  well at least in life science , ca n't speak for other as i am unaware of the situation there . 
  the thing that 's great about science in uk is that there are many charities that provide funding for research , which is not very usual in other countries . 
  also european institutions like embo already said that the uk will not be affect by brexit as the membership is not dependent on eu status . 
  one of the sources they will lose is something like horizon 2020 , but i do n't know how many are funded through this . 
  condescendence is high here . 
  if you are talking in terms of collaborating in the more broad sense of the word , as in , the scientific community collaborates as a whole to increase human knowledge , then yes , we all collaborate . 
  that would almost make it sound that there is n't competition in science which is far from true . 
  research collaboration as i used here and , as i perceived , other people used here , was more in direct terms of actually working together for a specific finding . 
  i never said it did  i would say though that it seems that there is a trend emerging in science for more it to be more collaborative , as in people actually spending a lot of time between labs . 
  yes i agree with you , but to be honest every time i look at the portuguese parliament i have a feeling that many of them are also not very aware of what the eu is . 
  heck , sometimes i feel they are not even aware of what the country they represent is . 
  better education in politics should definitely be a thing , but you ca n't have better education if the higher ups are not really educated themselves in order to put a decent plan in order on how to make it simple for people to understand . 
  considering that i am doing a phd , yes i do read academic papers once in awhile . 
  i replied merely to presenting papers/giving talks at conferences , that 's not collaboration . 
  collaboration is either sharing results ( which does n't require travel ) or allowing someone to come to your lab to learn a technique or performing experiments which can easily take a few months . 
  presenting a paper on a conference is not research collaboration . 
  research collaboration usually means the share of resources and/or people, 
  you forget however the cost of living is higher in the uk as well as cost of education , which could be good reasons to migrate . 
  in oxford what i pay for a room is higher than the minimum wage in portugal . 
  to be fair as far as i recall i have never been educated per se on the eu . 
  i guess i was always ware of people leaving the country to go work somewhere else , but no one ever explained it to me . 
  the only thing i knew was that `` oh you can now travel even without a passport and stay there for long periods of time '' and i was just like `` oh that 's nice , i want to see new places '' . 
  eventually that led me to me studying/working in the uk now . 
   how is travelling on business or collaborating on science not working ??? 
  because then we would be stealing their jobs ? 
  no seriously this is ridiculous . 
  what does collaborate on science even means ? 
  many collaborations can be done in a short time but ** can also ** involve someone travelling often to different countries and working there for an extended period of time . 
  edit : bold - brain sometimes does n't work as fast as i change sentences . 
  the problem is that renewable energies are not that efficient yet . 
  it is already quite impressive that the country managed to stay 4 days with just them , but there are still 361 days to go . 
  image the kind of investment and infrastructure that would have to me made . 
  hope it happens one day . 
  it depends on how it would be done . 
  hypothetically lets say that it had no major impact on the envrionment or turism . 
  in 2014 fuel imports represented 17,2 % of all imports to the country . 
  being able to produce some of it could decrease that expenditure . 
  i do n't think the fine is as much as a money fine per se but decreasing restructuration funding that the eu sends to portugal . 
  ah ok , thanks for enlightning me , i 'm not very in touch with everything that 's happening in portugal . 
  the environment is precisely the reason why i have mixed feelings . 
  i just do n't know what impact this would have for the other sectors in the reason . 
  i understand that portugal wants to be seen as an advocate of green energy , which is a good goal , but i think there needs to be a balance . 
  let 's face it , portugal can not keep going as it has been , it needs a boost . 
  it 's already one of the countries that receives more money from the eu ( in terms of net balance ) so it is unlikely this funding will increase . 
  this means that there has to be some kind of short term boost , which could be either decreasing imports or increasing exports . 
  the problem is that these two are not easy to achieve . 
  the latter especially requires portugal to better promote their companies and products abroad and/or make the country more attractive for companies than many other countries in the eu , which are both more of long term commitments . 
  i have some mixed feeling about this . 
  i have to say that suspending this with the current situation in portugal , no money , having to fix it 's gdp , and the market uncertainty in europe , does n't seem like a brilliant idea . 
  i am a man and i have been groped by a man on a irish pub during st. patricks day ... can we segregate already segregated groups just in case ? 
  unfortunately loud minorities perturbed the original meaning of the word . 
  it went from equal treatment of all genders to woman empowerment and man-hating behaviour . 
  not saying that all feminist are like this , it 's just that unfortunately a very loud group is always the ones that draws attention . 
  do n't know about this but i think the public would be upset . 
  i remember a few years back people wanting to put cameras in the street and that raised a major privacy debate . 
  i would imagine that with drones this debate would be much worse . 
  research takes a lot of funding . 
  in a country where there are no charities that support research it becomes almost exclusively responsibility of the state . 
  it 's not only about infrastructure , the consumables themselves can cost hundreds of thousands to millions for a single research group . 
  i 'm not going to say that everything runs smoothly and as it should , but the idea is that this countries get a boost in the economy to help them grow and have more income , so that in the future they can start building up this kind of infrastructure . 
  i will give you the example of portugal . 
  very recently the government cut down the funding for science dramatically , which included funding for phd . 
  had i stayed in portugal ( i am in the uk right now ) i would probably not have funding to do a phd , and even if i did after phd it becomes even more difficult to get a job in science ( as it does in most places ) . 
  so what do all the people with msc and phd do when they ca n't get a job in their own country and would n't have freedom of movement ? 
  they would stay in their own countries doing jobs that have nothing to do with their training . 
  this is a problem because science is always changing and evolving , and even staying 2 or 3 years out of it can make you be at a disadvantage because you were not able to keep up with new technologies and such . 
  the more people leave a country the more the eu gives in terms of funding for development . 
  that 's the reason why freedom of movement is important . 
  highly developed countries get skilled workers without having to train them , and in turn this countries provide funds for the other to develop and boost their economy . 
  let 's put it this way , what is the point of having highly skilled individuals if you do n't have a place for them to have a job they have been training for ? 
  romania get 's much more than that from the eu , without even incluiding any trade . 
  from your comments you seem to forget how much money the eu spends on each country , which is meant to help their economies . 
  without eu membership they would not have that boost . 
  yeah , moved to portugal to the uk to to a phd . 
  one year left to it and my main plan of staying in the uk is no longer very appealing . 
  wank away sir . 
  wank away . 
  actually the hearts i study do n't have blood in them yet . 
  how would you know if someone has a good track record for integration ? 
  to be fair i do n't think it is only about having more jobs . 
  i think it 's about existing jobs having less competition and therefore have a better pay . 
  basically when they say they are `` stealing their jobs '' , they could also probably say `` they offer competition on the job market , therefore we are getting less money then we could . 
  also we do not want to make an effort to be more competitive ourselves '' . 
  `` stealing our jobs '' has a more impact to it . 
  * sigh * so you mean i ca n't just move and get a job immediately ? 
  i 'm trying to be lazy about this . 
  any job for cardiovascular scientists ? 
  you can get kebabs for about # 2.50 , not sure you are going to make lots of use of those 15 % . 
  unless you are planning on eating a couple hundred kebabs , in which case please do post the results . 
  a wanker can stop being a wanker ? 
  how dare you ?!, 
  you are correct sir , unfortunately i do n't have the pamphlet from thames police ( the police from oxford region ) that was distributed after the referendum , but hate crime does indeed cover verbal insults that involve ethnicity , gender , sexual orientation an so on . 
  casual insults that do not involve any of the previous themes are not included because it 's directed more to the individual than to a group of people that share a trait . 
  any room for scientists ?
