   some are for sure , but a lot of them are economic migrants well yeah . 
  their homecountries have been shot up and are at risk of getting shot up worse . 
  you 'd go anywhere else in that situation too even if you were n't technically actually threatened right this instant . 
  that 's stupidly oversimplified . 
  germany does n't really encourage them as much as the shitty situations back home . 
  these migrants would be coming regardless of whether big bad bogeyman germany was in any way encouraging them . 
  it makes no sense to say `` it 's a german problem '' when they 're clearly going everywhere else too . 
  pretty sure even the most illiterate goatherd knows that the calais tunnel does not lead to germany if you enter it from france . 
   ut he has an idea of how the dutch airforce operates so does wikipedia . 
  let 's scare ourselves shitless by wildly imagining things . 
   interesting is that really true ? 
  probably not but it sounds good nonetheless . 
  except * eventually * those birth rates will go to a comparable level as that of the natives . 
  and that will happen within 50 years so your whole doomsday scenario seems a bit irrelevant . 
  you are farther from the * north * than latvia an estonia though . 
  you 're east of poland and you 're right up against russia . 
  you 're eastern europe . 
  not much . 
  stalin was a prick . 
  i 'm sorry , we 've had literally 60 years of rolling rape-scandals but all of a sudden it 's an * immigration * problem ? 
  it 's a problem with secretive little hierarchical untouchable cult-ass bullshit , not one with immigration . 
  great bitches . 
  you are eastern on my map . 
  * especially * lithuania . 
   it 's high time for the racists to realize that mr. mohammed has right to sexually assault racist white women without fear of being scolded in the internet . 
  amazingly , nobody is saying that . 
  most criticism in this thread seems to be that this is not the only rape that was * attempted * in germany but that it * is * the only one actually reported on . 
  and that is because this twatbag was a pakistani . 
  this is fearmongering and cherrypicking , plain and simple . 
  or those catholic gangs who used to rape white girls and boys all over the continent . 
  fuckin ' immigrants . 
  go back 2 the british isles , willibrord , wulfram & boniface . 
  lots of people are saying he 's a refugee . 
  mostly the people who say that refugees are up to no good . 
   and neither did i say that he 's a refugee . 
  you were merely heavily and intentionally * implying * it . 
  roger . 
   happening , but perhaps could be expanded in which case you might end up with isis defeated but now the well-trained and well-equipped former comrades-at-arms the iraqi army and the kurdish army are going to fight * eachother * because part of the not-currently existing kurdistan is technically part of iraq . 
  the iraqi want to keep it , the kurds want to have their own independent country . 
  or maybe some miraculous diplomacy happens that avoids a war over the area , in which case the now well-trained and well-equipped kurdish army might instead like to try and liberate northern kurdistan , in which case they 'll have to fight turkey because turkey is not giving up . 
  or they 'll try to get western kurdistan and end up in a kerfuffle with syria which is n't really in any state either and so the `` civil '' war will be re-ignited if you had previously apparently ended it . 
  or , another possibility , the well-trained and decently-equipped kurdish army now goes after * eastern * kurdistan and ends up fighting iran and then you 'd probably have the best chance of all these options to actually end up in a full-blown conventional war with iran which is no slouch * either * . 
  i mean , i 'm all for an independent kurdistan but i do n't think it 's the way to any peace any time soon . 
  saying `` not the answer '' also not the answer . 
  bit late , but whatever . 
  iran and pakistan have some clear and obvious unsafe things . 
  being gay still carries a death penalty in iran . 
  you are also not allowed to speak against the regime . 
  those were examples i gave two weeks ago . 
  two very specific examples that are still perfectly valid . 
  i never said `` everyone who does n't feel safe '' , but i was merely pointing out there are still some preheheeetty good grounds . 
  actually locked in an actual camp ? 
  that sounds pretty inhumane and not an example we should be following . 
   it is not our responsibility to make decisions on behalf of their general good . 
  first we fuck them over or tacitly allow them to be fucked over ( for our benefit ) and then they can go and suffer in silence please , we do n't want to hear that shit . 
  `` cooperate '' in the sense of `` go back to the pit that spawned you ? '', 
  why would * anyone * cooperate with that ? 
  ca n't exactly blame them . 
  and what do the papua new guineans think of this ? 
  are n't they getting swarmed with immigrants now ? 
  and a lot less well equipped to deal with them ? 
  such pull factors as `` not being a shithole '' , you mean ? 
  i 'd rather we keep those in place . 
  the push factors of `` our home is a shithole '' seem far more germane to me . 
  maybe , maybe not , but simply starting up new colonial empires is probably not the way to go . 
  i can agree with that , but one of the problems could be that intervening could have unforseen consequences in the area and create new grudges and underground insurgencies which can flare up later again and again and over again . 
  the colonial favorite of redrawing political borders regardless of ethnic borders has not worked out so well in the past . 
  it 's what set the stage for many of the middle-eastern conflicts in the first place as well as such gems as the rwandan genocide . 
  so simply barging in and occupying territory is a risky option . 
  that 's ... not really how it works . 
  no i say !, 
  none of these !, 
  europe should build even bigger strawmen instead !, 
  i think the biggest incentive is simply the contrast between stable , wealthy , safe europe versus shitholestan ravaged by terrorist groups fighting each other . 
  the only way to `` stop '' incentivizing then is to either turn europe in a shithole people do n't want to come through or to somehow magically stabilize the places people come from . 
  i do n't see either happening for a while so it seems like we need to find a way to deal with it . 
  and i do n't see sending them back and stopping them from coming being plausible either . 
  you ca n't stop this shit with walls & fences or laws and regulations . 
  the incentive is there . 
  where there is a will , there is a way . 
  probably an opinion shared by a few americans who do n't care much for this kind of celebrity worship-wank either . 
  nor i. 
  could be very true , but he was asking about welfare * shopping * . 
   cetaceans ( whales ) are recognized as being more intelligent and thus people ( some people at least ) but so are pigs . 
  and barely anyone gives a shit about industrial slaughter and shitty living conditions for them . 
  i do n't see how your ` ecological argument ' follows or is even relevant . 
  it 's not as if everyone on the world is going to go out to personally murder every bit of wildlife they see just because the faroese dispatch a few whales every now and then . 
  in other words , it 's a bog-standard slippery slope fallacy . 
  next . 
  so i do n't consider there to be an actual argument * against it * in which case `` it 's our culture '' * is * a sufficient argument to keep it going . 
  neither is the dutch one . 
  not that that would be enough either way . 
   you mean guest workers , right ? 
  you mean slaves , right ? 
  people from my area are said to be stubborn . 
  i ca n't agree to that . 
  you , err , are kinda missing the comment he responded to . 
  `` glass plains '' implies the entire country has been nuked flat . 
  customer service . 
  possibly dealing with people feeling guilty , anxious or depressed as well .
