  the `` common reasons for usage '' are really not much of reasons at all usually . 
  the circumcision referred to here is the religious and the cultural one . 
  i do not know anyone who objects to using it as a medical treatment to get rid of phimosis and such , but that is not the one that is being discussed here . 
  and i bet you knew that so i do n't see why you even brought that up . 
  which leaves the `` it 's a needless cosmetic procedure '' . 
  exactly . 
  it 's needless , irreversible , done to * someone else without their consent or approval * and like any surgery it carries risks . 
  needless cosmetic procedures are perfectly fine but not on someone else . 
  also needs to happen . 
  bit of a dick move to casually brush this aside and whinge about that though . 
  a few months ago ? 
  that 's years old and an undrinkable kind of too sweet and too thick chocolate milk . 
  i do n't see how miami could possibly be relevant . 
  it 's pretty much just `` yum '' , although you could say `` myum '' fits even better . 
  yeah but it 's difficult to do the really good kin of cheating if you are n't rich already . 
  hey got ta start somewhere . 
  nice one too . 
  nah , true , but that was n't my point either , so to say . 
  i was trying to point out that anti-semitism has never been a german-only thing . 
  maybe i should 've been clearer about that , sorry . 
  hah , no . 
  hey i do n't care about the cars , it 's the casually sexist poorly-acted look-at-me-i 'm - still-relevant shit ads that get on my nerves . 
  the analogy here ( though vastly overblown ) being that it 's nothing but a campaign of hate based on nothing much at all . 
  what someone 's grandparents may or may not have done is not partciularily relevant , no matter how excited you get . 
  oh please do n't make it an opel . 
  their ads with claudia schiffer are just * too * obnoxious . 
  not really anything specific to germany though . 
  only the culmination of those centuries was but most of europe had been happily going along with hating the jews for centuries as well . 
  and spain had its own little holocaust in the form of the spanish inquisition . 
  no , whiny pillocks on twitter who blame germans for something they did n't do . 
  nice job attacking the strawman you set up though , you sure showed it what 's what . 
   you you ? 
  who ? 
  the germans on reddit ? 
  have you quit lost your marbles ? 
  this whole thing is nothing but a xenophobic blame-the-scapegoat witchhunt . 
  oh yeah nazi analogies , real smooth . 
  oh yeah evil evil germans . 
  i did not know they were this huge !, 
  they barely need to explode if you want to destroy the world with that . 
  yeah , and your orange refers to our orange so we were there first so neener neener neener . 
  i mean , there is the thread 's title . 
  [ this is it ] ( http://imgur.com/ych0jay ) . 
  not a lot of location-related magnets . 
  could 've got some in dublin or copenhagen but eh . 
  also supposed to be a purple bunny on it but it 's gone missing , i hope i did n't vacuum it . 
  you mean in threads that are * not * in / r/europe ? 
  wait , that 's just the back pocket on your trousers . 
  yup . 
  i 'm not saying it 's * right * , i 'm saying it 's * understandable * . 
  you 're still making shit up homedog . 
  fair enough . 
  bah lazy bum !, 
  bildtish clay frisian !, 
  most clay less frisian !, 
  stronkest dialect !, 
  but not loudly enough to make a fuss . 
  i can understand that . 
  haha that shit was so bad . 
  long time ago since i thought of that . 
  what , the british would ? 
  or would you guys just queue up in front of the gunman and wait for your turn to get shot ? 
  you should change your name to burningstrawmen because that looks more like what you 're doing here . 
  i am insulted and outraged . 
  it does not even mention the name of glorious and stronk bildtish !, 
  so it 's nothing more than a circlejerk thread is it ? 
  i would 've thought the `` shooting only twice in 15000 operations '' was interesting even without involving the us . 
   they take no chances whatsoever well , no . 
  the people you are trying to arrest may well have guns too so you got ta be reheheh * eally * careful about that shit . 
  so i would n't say that the ridiculous part lies with their cops being so triggerhappy . 
  it is . 
  people die all the time everywhere . 
  i thought this was a thread in / r/europe about uk police . 
  everyone knows the americans ca n't keep their guns in their pants but come on , no need to mention it * all * the time . 
  nobody is hating heterosexuals for being heterosexual in this thread , nor have i ever seen it on / r/europe and only exceedingly rarely on reddit in general . 
  you are wrong and like to pretend you 're a victim when you are clearly not . 
  switzerland has grasslands ? 
  i thought it was all jagged spikes 'n shit . 
  perhaps they have relatives there who they think can help them . 
  that 's true . 
  why not ? 
  oh well , excellent . 
  took me a while to figure out where to put it , but it seems to have worked now . 
  [ it 's more of a sash , really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_ ( netherlands \\ ) ) . 
  yeah , it 's not just drinking and fucking !, 
  the spanish students consumed a lot of weed as well !, 
  that 's not a city , that 's the sewage drain . 
  nah it was something else , just a dumb joke . 
  i was n't tied to a contract or anything yet . 
  it 's soooooo hoooot . 
  one ring to rule them all , one ring to find them , one ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them . 
  oh pish i missed a payment deadline too . 
  big deal . 
  but grease , i thought your ancestors * were * kebab !, 
  commie-hippies . 
  booyah in your face austria . 
  drama queen . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the french get whined at all the time here but newsflash ; it 's not the french starting it . 
  it 's usually some british berk trotting out the same kind of pseudo-nationalist `` witty '' comments intended to mock the french and then other twats go along * and believe that shit * .
