  i was refering to the `` wir schaffen das '' remark , basically saying `` we can handle that shit '' . 
  i feel like there 's a difference between a mandatory course for pupils and it being mandatory for everyone to speak it . 
  the goal of the course is that as many people as possible can use it , but such a course does n't necessarily apply to expats and immigrants and it 's really up to them to learn it . 
  that 's actually an interesting idea . 
  although it might be tricky if those hotels are spread out through large cities and over large areas . 
  but i suppose it could work pretty well as a place to redirect boats crossing from lybia to . 
  make it so that the only vessels allowed to make the crossing with refugees and migrants to be ones from established and well-vetted checkpoints and then ensuring that said refugees and migrants have a good incentive to stick to the papers , passports and visas given . 
  problem is , i 'm not sure how many of these people would have processable papers in the first place . 
  a bigger problem is that i do n't think we 're actually at a point yet to start finding possible solutions to the actual processing problem . 
  we 'd first need to agree on a sensible common policy including where people are supposed to go on arrival ( not too close together , not too spread out , which countries , how many ) and how to finance for this kind of thing . 
  sure . 
  but the article tried to make it seem like she caused it , which is a bit silly in my opinion . 
  that only makes the `` it 's merkels fault '' comment even wronger . 
  oh yeah because ` straya has such things perfectly organised , right ? 
  dumping people into camps is n't actually all that great either . 
  i mean , he 's not entirely wrong but he 's talking about government will as an important factor as to why australia had its `` success '' . 
  europe is kind of split on these things after all . 
  one country * does * have an easier time of it than a collection of countries with varying degrees of interest in an overarching continent-spanning government and the losses of autonomy and sovereignity that entails . 
  there are people who want immigration sorted and there are people who want to maintain their own countries ' sovereignity and , often , they are the same party . 
  if his solution to sorting immigation is to give up sovereignity , then that 's kind of a catch-22 is n't it ? 
  and again , it does matter that there 's a bunch of different countries rather than just one here . 
  it 's much easier to make a coherent policy for one country than for a bunch of them , having varying grudges , rivalries , interests and ideologies . 
  people in greece might feel they should n't be held responsible for getting all the refugees and migrants sorted . 
  people in the netherlands and scandinavia might feel they should n't have to pay ( much/more ) for what the southern countries `` should '' do . 
  and so on and so on . 
  there just is n't a single political will and it 's more than obvious why there is n't one . 
  it 's kind of meaningless to present `` government resolve '' as a cure to this ailment . 
  also ,  `` if you think humanity can be assisted by bringing people into europe , you can help many , many times more in places such as jordan , lebanon or turkey , '' said molan . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  those places already take on shitloads of refugees . 
  what 's the point of this quote in that article ? 
  that europe should do something in those countries ? 
  that europe should n't ? 
   in 2015 chancellor angela merkel 's open-door policy resulted in a massive influx of migrants that 's just scapegoating . 
  it was n't exactly the smartest comment to make but the refugees had already been coming before she made that remark . 
  san fran is quite a nice city . 
  i was n't expecting the billowing clouds of weed tho ' . 
  what the fuck does all that have to do with your original bullshit quote ? 
  there are pleny of languages around which are widely considered languages despite having neither an army nor a navy . 
  so the original quote is still horse shit . 
  and anyway what on earth does the hre even have to do with germanic languages ? 
  their sheer variety is a result of ages of development since long before the hre . 
  wat cool . 
  to be fair so did this joseph smith guy . 
  he was pretty white . 
  libya is n't in great shape regardless of the syrian mess . 
  parts of morocco also have kerfuffles with their own terrorists and so on . 
  presumably the asylum is n't granted for any syria-related reason . 
  in my part of the netherlands there 's also `` folle lok en seine ( yn it nije jier ) . 
  much luck/happiness and health ( in the new year . ), 
  no no , there 's a relevant part and an irrelevant part in croatia . 
  the part with the coastline is the relevant one . 
  it only exists in the charts so the netherlands still have something to aspire to . 
  it ca n't really be * that * good . 
  it 's a thing here to hate on friesland . 
  salty-ass bitches . 
  ca n't stand that we 're too cool for them . 
   dirndls and lederhosen - not even van gaal is safe ... slightly disappointed it was n't a dirndl . 
  but none of them as good as the real thing . 
  bit late now . 
  he dead , he ai n't gon do it again . 
  this just in russian manipulation of french vote . 
  but yes . 
  top bloke . 
  making luxembourg bigger would interfere with the french and the belgian gains . 
  and belgium only has a fairly small border with germany so expanding that would leave a weirdly narrow piece of belgium in between the southernmost netherlands and luxembourg . 
  nathan fillion is running ?!? 
  oh well done , a masterful summary of a complex situation leaving nothing out whatsoever and clearly not influenced by your own retarded biases . 
  the netherlands and the dutch like to consider themselves pragmatic and democratic . 
  cutting off an entire country and alienating half a million voters is neither of those things and would therefore be quite unpopular among many politicians and voters . 
   anyway living in islamsterdam , at least where i live , it 's definitely at least 40 % or something lol nee . 
  i dunno man , the burgers i had from bk were terrible . 
  at least i 've grown accustomed to the specific terribleness of mcdon . 
  because paying 20 $ to actually get to the bk kind of defeats the price advantage . 
  also , mcflurries are quite nice . 
  mcdonalds ' is garbage . 
  but it 's still something for burger king to aspire to . 
       a ) jewish history is a huge part of polish history - most jews murdered in the holocaust came from poland does n't that make it more `` polish history has a huge part in jewish history '' ? 
  the polish history * is * very significant for jewish history , but there are large swathes of polish history that have little to do with jewish history . 
  happy finndependence day . 
  i know a bunch of people going to finnnlund next week . 
  are they badass ? 
   what / u/thecroc said was complete fiction . 
  woul you say it was a croc of shit ? 
   but that 's totally useless for most of the world . 
  there are worse languages than french . 
  it can be useful in a handful of spots in north and south america , obviously useful in france and parts of countries bordering france and quite useful in africa . 
  bilingual in the sense of having two languages ? 
  :3 ( and two more across the ocean ), 
  i thought they mostly swelled with beer and fries though . 
  which is land that juts out into the sea !, 
  brilliant !, 
  no , german is part of the dutch dialect continuum . 
  ofcourse nobody will ever admit what you said , because the words you use are politically laden to such an extent that they are inaccurate . 
  it 's not so much a german or a dutch dialect continuum , but a west germanic one . 
  calling it a german dialect continuum implies that these dialects are derived from german , whereas both modern hochdeutsch and modern standard dutch are simply dominant dialects in their respective areas . 
  neither one is part of the others continuum , they are both simply high peaks in a very messy mountain range . 
  all these dialects have a set of ancestors in common and have developed over the ages , each one influencing and being influenced by a handful of others . 
  the closest to the border you get , the more they are mutually intelligible because the border dialects have been influencing eachother for a very long time . 
  but the ones on the one side also have a different set of influences than the ones on the other .
