  b\u014d l\u00e1n ukraine = dark gram orchid . 
  w\u016b k\u00e8 l\u00e1n they 're all l\u00e1ns . 
  i still do n't know why it 's l\u00e1n here and not gu\u00f3 though . 
  woah , i did n't realise it 's that old . 
  out of all of those i do think the usa changed most , yes . 
  if it changed at all . 
  and maybe the netherlands second after pim fortuyn , i do n't know . 
  brazil has simply been chugging along and though russia did get in a war in the meantime it was nowhere near as significant for the population in russia than the usa 's wars have been . 
  i think a big part of it is that brazil is still an upcoming country but the netherlands are a well-established first world nation . 
  i was mostly thinking of cultural things like music , tv and literature though . 
  and we share a lot of those with the usa . 
  or rather vice versa . 
  although now , 16 hours later , i 'm thinking more of the actual national culture instead of things like pop culture . 
  i 'll grab hofsteder and compare the dimensions , i 'm getting kind of curious . 
  we 're definitely not too similar to russia though . 
  different mentalities regarding things like time , democracy and equality . 
  okay , i found the book . 
  not hofsteder but trompenaars ( and hampden-turner ) ; riding the waves of culture : understanding cultural diversity in business . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're familiar with cultural dimensions , but that 's what this is about . 
  there 's a bunch of different cultural dimensions like universalist versus particularist ( rules versus relationships ) , the level of individualism and things like power distance . 
  the first thing i have here is universalist versus particularist . 
  all three ( nl , usa , br ) are pretty close here actually . 
  they 're scored on a scale from 0-100 and the usa scores `` highest '' ( most universalist ) with a score of 93 . 
  they 'd rather follow rules by the book than giving their relations some extra favours . 
  the nl has a score of 90 on this scale in between the uk and romania . 
  the `` lowest '' ( most particularist ) score is for venezuela at 32 . 
  russia is at 44 % and brazil at 79 % . 
  the second is communitarianism vs particularism . 
  group vs individual . 
  the usa scores fairly high at 69 ( highest is israel at 89 and only four places above the usa ) and the netherlands are close at 65 . 
  brazil is way down at 40 . 
  that 's two instances where nl is closer to usa than to br . 
  russia is at 60 % so we 're only a bit closer to the usa than to russia . 
  then comes affective versus neutral cultures . 
  how exuberant you are in your social interactions . 
  how much emotion you show . 
  the graph is `` percentage of respondents who would not show emotions openly when feeling upset at work '' surprisingly , ethiopians are very stoic about being upset in public . 
  a score of 81 % with the next highest being japan at 74 % . 
  the dutch are quite a bit down at 46 % , on par with sweden . 
  the usa is at 43 and brazil at 40 % . 
  again , closer to the usa than to br . 
  russia in this case is at 24 % . 
  which means they are significantly more emotional . 
  the kuwaiti are apparently most emotional with a score of 15 % and spain is the most emotional of europe at 19 % . 
  next is specific versus diffuse . 
  this is how your relationships work . 
  it 's a bit difficult to explain . 
  but it 's about how would you interact outside the usual context . 
  the question is `` how many people would n't help out if your boss ( in an office for example ) asked them to come paint his house '' . 
  china is lowest with only 32 % refusing . 
  brazil scores at 77 % , the usa 82 % and russia at 86 % . 
  the netherlands are at 90 % so , surprisingly , we 're closed to russia . 
  now comes status ; ascribed versus achieved . 
  ascribed status is what you are and achieved status is what you 've done . 
  ascribed status include things like gender , age , class and educations and so on . 
  i 'll just give the numbers ; russia 30 % . 
  nl 30 % ( surprisingly ) brazil 33 % usa 75 % . 
  there 's only two more ; time management and how we relate to nature . 
  time management is about if time is perceived as sequential ( one thing at a time ) or synchronic ( do everything at once ) . 
  it also deals with time horizon ; long-term or short-term vision . 
  the usa is short term with a score of 4.30 out of 7 , but br even more so with 3.85 . 
  russia is at 4.75 and the netherlands is in between but closest to russia with 4.63 . 
  russia does think the past is far more relevant than any of the others do though . 
  especially the usa does n't really care . 
  the last , and most amusing , is controlling nature . 
  controlling it or letting it take it 's course . 
  if this were done a longer time ago , i think the netherlands would 've scored much higher on the `` controlling it '' scale . 
  nl is at 33 % , usa at 32 % , russia 29 % and brazil , which is in the process of shaping itself , at 39 % . 
  out of these 7 points , we score closer to the usa on 5 and closer to russia on 2 and 0 for brazil . 
  so i stand by what i originally said . 
  ofcourse , these still ignore some things , but still . 
  i do n't really have my hofsteder nearby which uses some other dimensions ( power distance , for example . 
  the dutch have very low power distance and the russkies pretty high ) . 
  usa , no doubt about it . 
  from the netherlands . 
  this again ? 
  amusingly enough , dutch uses `` augurk '' for pickle . 
  with `` komkommer '' it 's closer to the english and french words but this variant is closer to what the germans uses for cucumber . 
  apfel - apple - appel - yabl/jabol . 
  it 's pretty close , just slightly different spelling . 
  i think part of it is that the germans have the strange addition of the `` f '' in between . 
  i imagine it started out as something closer to `` apple/appel '' but that it then developed in two opposite directions which makes the difference look a lot more significant . 
  cucumbers with a speech impediment . 
  only half of it . 
  he only included the european part of russia too . 
  the eu is not the same as europe . 
  obviously . 
  or else norway , switzerland and bunch of eastern european states would n't count as european . 
  i 've seen people say the european end of russia ends at the urals . 
  and that 's pretty much where op 's map is at . 
  heavy changes then . 
  pretty awesome . 
  [ second image ] ( http://www.fryslansite.com/d-base/verkenner/zkrt_bildt.htm ) . 
  a pity , i ca n't find `` san isidro '' ( or san isidor ) on thefuckingweather.com . 
  i was curious about the temperature . 
  the image says `` ayer '' though . 
  that 's yesterday . 
  and it 's been pretty warm quite a bit more north for these last few days , so i would n't expect too much i 'm afraid . 
  oh what , you 're his other overly belligerent account to be a twat with ? 
  i guess it 's a dustboard now ?
