  sugar water with a faint hint of flavour . 
  rivella is the shit . 
  only bubbly soft drink i actually like the taste of and it 's very low in calories to boot . 
  it 's not * getting * old , no . 
  it 's * been * old for the past year . 
  it was funny when it won the poll . 
  it was already old hat by the time the mini-boat was named it . 
  holy shit that 's an even worse phrase . 
  corporation keeps shit-tier meme alive , trying to stay hip and relevant in today 's ever-changing bullshit-phrase economy . 
  i 'm not sure a government wants to be responsible for something like this . 
  upgrades to the existing rail system are more likely , but replacing that system on the public dime is going to be very , * very * risky . 
  no such thing as an impartial anyone . 
  and who oversees the overseer ? 
  at least a democratically elected government is held back by being accountable to the electorate . 
  your friend is a numpty . 
   it is much less weight to carry around a million eur than a million usd . 
  the solution then is to replace all our bills with coins . 
  hahaa , 20000 * coins * , take that !, 
   yet prices still end in ,99 everywhere . 
  it 's a marketing trick . 
  it 's supposed to make something of pretty much identical price seem cheaper . 
  instead of something costing 100 $ , it 's only 99,99 !, 
  i 'm still not sure how that works on anyone , but okay . 
  that 's not what happened and that 's not the main problem . 
  the high birth rate is a symptom of the problem , not the cause . 
  which is kinda different than was said . 
  you have to shit an * awful * lot though . 
  unless you 're planning on building a foot-high mountain of dung , you 're never going to end up touching it . 
  and surely you lean over or even stand if you 're wiping ? 
  no , it makes them frisophobic !, 
  martel more like mar-smell yuo are the worst frank fuck off frankish dictator redbad stronk redbad aliev aldegisl worst gisl . 
  that just sounds like dried-up crumbly semen . 
  are n't you whatabouting a lot more though ? 
  dude was talking about muslims in western societies , not about saudi arabia or `` nations that systematically execute their gays '' . 
  pretty sure it 'd be a furrito . 
   do n't go to paris !!, 
  great advice !, 
  i feel like the term soccer mom has metastasized a bit too much here . 
  instead of a middle-class suburban mom shuttling her children from activity to activity , it 's now a catch-all for every slightly sexist , pretty dumb , tinfoil-hat hippy-dippy type ? 
  moses and such had it done to sign a covenant with god . 
  basically saying `` i love you more than i love my own dick '' . 
  you got ta admit , it 's pretty good ass-kissing . 
  that said , it loses its punch entirely if you do it on babies instead of letting adults make that choice for themselves . 
  dude probably had the most extreme circumcision in the galaxy . 
  circumcised the shit out of him . 
  i feel like i agree with this opinion and believe that it was calculated . 
  * however * , i can only respect this . 
  it 's a step in what i believe to be the right direction . 
  as far as i can tell , it was never just about merkel 's personal stance on marriage equality , but about selling it to her own party as well as the country . 
  she is the elected and accountable leader of a conservative christian party . 
  it is democratically appropriate to keep the wishes of the party in mind and i consider it a good sign that a careful and professional politician from a conservative group makes this change . 
  clearly she feels she can sell this to her party and this is very good news . 
  you were the one calling it a local dialect though . 
  it 's an official language of the netherlands . 
  dutch , accented but understandable english , servicable german , thankyouverymuch . 
  some accents are atrocious but on average the level of english proficiency in the netherlands is * very * high . 
  one of the highest for a non-anglosphere country . 
   frisian it should count frisian , being a language and all . 
  like , officially enough to count . 
  that saying is pretty bad . 
  something like `` you ca n't eat your cake and still have it '' would make a little more sense . 
   reddit platinum but no gold , i notice . 
  well , as long as it 's not a toast sandwich . 
  i like beldenedermark but could do without the wallonian part . 
  how to kill rotterdam for a whole lot of nothing . 
  this map is more what would happen if you removed them suddenly . 
  if they never existed in the first place , some more chunks of land would be missing . 
  they had their own baloney . 
  the enlightenment was more a reaction * to * , than a result * of * . 
  an australian posting americomedy on the british elections in / r/europe . 
  i freaking love the internet . 
  ( though lwt is n't really my thing ), 
  blood and irony . 
   there are rules . 
  yeah and you do n't get to make 'em . 
  the suitable amount of milk in tea is zero . 
  we know this . 
  or ali the kebabsman who just gathers up the vomit and uses it to form a new kebab . 
   documents found on the attacker identified him as a 40-year-old algerian ** who was a doctoral student in information science at a university in the east of france . 
  he had lived in france for three years to research a thesis ** on information science and communications and had previously worked as a journalist in algeria and sweden , emphasis mine . 
  because the distinction `` older '' was n't made . 
  most people who go to university are adults , just not older adults . 
  at this point it should probably be officer advil . 
   time to ban hammers . 
  stop !, 
   i do n't care if he is a phd student , he obviously does n't have the intelligence and/or psychological state to do any amount of planning and preparation . 
  i think this is the difference between intelligence and wisdom . 
  and/or morality . 
  the man , with noticable hump and a very assymetric face then proceed to swing up a rope and is believed to be hiding in the top of the cathedral , lurking behind the gargoyles . 
  y' all oughta be ashamed of yourselves , smh . 
  oh well , good thing you were being fair instead of completely and utterly unhinged . 
  honestly man , i feel like he 's trying his best but he 's just * that * stupid . 
  that 's even worse . 
  well , that 's the lowest effort post i 've ever seen . 
  the gefion fountain close to the mermaid is pretty boss . 
  is it ? 
  i 've only seen `` incompetent '' used as a harsh but accurate indictment . 
   sauer -- whose name means `` sour '' or `` grumpy '' in german that 's amazingly high-quality writing right there . 
  oohhh those zany germans , let 's just pretend that this is meaningful commentary . 
  yeah , they all look pretty terrible .
