  only one of an array of dogbreeds from the netherlands but i do n't think any one is really dominant in public perception or something . 
  no national or local cat breeds . 
  the russian guys were dressed as 17th century shooters , so eh . 
   is it also important for the world to know that the woman who helped the terrorists was also muslim ? 
  everyone pretty much figured that one out already . 
  clearly it does have * something * to do with islam but i feel like it 's worth noting that this woman was muslim * but not also a murderous dickbag * . 
  i do n't think your comment is very fair . 
  the terrorists are muslims . 
  people who aid them are likely to be muslim . 
  so it 's worth showing that the person who turned him in is * also * muslim and that it 's not just muslims vs the west or some daft shit like that . 
  yeah , sounds plausible . 
  i would consider an information campaign part of education . 
  to reach the parents and the adult members of the community as they would probably not be in a lot of education anymore . 
  that 's probably kinda legally complicated , not to mention might cause a backlash and entrenched opinions . 
  got enough games to distract me from reality already . 
  so would killing all the muslims , obviously . 
  you 'd just need an even more ludicrous amount of killing . 
  what a stupid point to make , that 's got ta sting . 
  yes you are completely correct . 
  the +2 armour modifier from being in the ss , coupled with the fanatic regeneration bonus ( 50 % faster health regen ) from wahhabism definitely makes the baseline german with their already high hit points and armour virtually unkillable . 
  not sure if it 's the better option though . 
  it might cause resentment through being too specific and it seems kinda cluttery in the law code . 
  these things do n't really need to be specified . 
  would n't an information campaign serve the same goal then ? 
  okay . 
  you could just describe the topic too surely . 
  what 's the point of trustworthy people if you do n't trust them ? 
  in which case 98 % of the cases are superfluous and therefore a waste of time and money . 
  burning hair smells good ? 
  y' all brits are weird . 
  clearly these men are therefore kindhearted , gentle and upstanding law-abiding people . 
  they just got carried away hiding their true natures . 
  such a tragedy . 
  still not excusable but a prehetty big diference nonetheless . 
  lol , who is opening that door ? 
  there is no way turkey is going to be in any state to join the eu anytime soon . 
  if turkey wants to take steps in that direction that is great , but does not mean anything . 
  they have a lot of steps to take before that becomes even remotely feasible and under erdogan they are actively running in the other direction . 
  yes , like marriage equality and being predominantely non-religious . 
  the hypothetical woman is n't mad at the test or the things it wo n't change , she 's mad at the complete and utter lack of trust her spouse has in her . 
  similarily , if you 're a supposed soulmate you should understand someone well enough to trust them and if you ca n't do that , then i am willing to bet that deeper cracks will appear in the future . 
  i mean , look at the odds . 
  1 in 50 british men . 
  that 's a meagre 2 % . 
  you love someone , you marry someone and you do n't even trust them * that much * and feel the need to verify something this unlikely ? 
  well , that 's convenient . 
  `` hey honey i know you consider yourself a moral and honest person but i 'm just gon na do this superfluous test anyway because i do n't trust you hey why are you getting mad ? '', 
  yes . 
  give them some privacy . 
  iconic ? 
  probably heineken . 
  i never knew those existed . 
  what use do they serve ? 
  in european cities yes . 
  in american suburbs , not as much . 
  they 're more built for those ginormous contraptions . 
  and they do n't really work well in a city like san fran either . 
  haha literal translations . 
  stabbing the bridge = brug oversteken = crossing the bridge . 
  dropped off the bridge = brug afzetten/afgezet = closed off the bridge . 
  jesus christ dude . 
  or even kok . 
  ( cook for the foreign types ) . 
  i had a teacher named dick kok once . 
  i know a set of brothers named ` krijgsheld ' ( war hero ) . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  or varkevisser ( pigfisher ) for a funny imagery . 
  and a classic is poepjes ( little poops ) . 
  hah take that !, 
  i was fat before it was mainstream !, 
  in case anyone wonders , probably . 
  one dicktato is n't the other . 
  ceausescu was a special brand of fucked-up . 
  it has the streisand effect ? 
  that just sounds weird . 
  his attempts have an effect opposite to the intent , and the result could be called ` the streisand effect ' . 
  it could be called that if you spend too much time on the internet rehashing memes and buzzwords anyway . 
  seems more like specific & factually correct . 
  just because it 's politically correct does n't mean it 's also not factually correct dude . 
  and we all know where the issues stem from so why the need to be extra blatant and dramatic ? 
  it 's not buzzfeed , it does n't need to be clickbait . 
  you can get plenty upset at the actual goings on without trying to blow it into something bigger . 
  but putting pressure on a specific subset of people who merely look like but have no relation whatsoever to a different speciic subset of people is only going to incite feelings of persecution and hatred in that specific subset of people . 
  i mean , yes , there is a specific group of people who pull this shit . 
  but that group is a lot lot lot more specific than `` arab males aged 18-40 '' . 
  ` fighters ' . 
  ` trained ' . 
  i 'm not sure why christian roots are even relevant here . 
  it 's not like modern science-based medicine was a direct product of those christian roots . 
  i drink it for the alcohol . 
  edit 2 hours later ; unless they 're g&t 's . 
  i drink those for the taste . 
  or random weird cocktails and shots . 
  those are for fun . 
   i doubt that people really take that to be my experience . 
  at first , i did think it was a personal comment from you , but figured it out later . 
  thanks for posting though . 
  in the anglo-jerk mostly . 
  alaska is bigger . 
  would 've been cheaper if he just wore a bomb belt and blew that up .
