  hah that 's kinda cool . 
  i * should * be working on my studies though an d have no experience with eu or anything . 
  and it would be most amusing if it was all a bit historically semi-believable , i guess . 
  i 'll see how it goes . 
  eventually , i first have other stuff to do . 
  although it does seem like he 's aching for war with me . 
  he 's been sending insults so i 've been sending gifts back . 
  he is a bunch of tech levels higher than i am and have more troops . 
  and i still have a lot of rebellious sentiments to quell . 
  i was gon na say `` i ca n't become emperor '' but then i realised that i 'm no longer a monastic state but instead a monarchy . 
  i * can * become emprah . 
  although that 's the thing . 
  i do n't know if i actually count as bigger than the current emperor . 
  they have more provinces ( and bigger armies ) although some time ago i * did * have the ability to add parts of my territory to the hre although i 've grown a bit since so i 'm not too sure anymore . 
  oh well , thanks anyway !, 
  i 'll figure it out myself i guess . 
  just replace one of the birds with a mudkip and they 'll be happy again . 
   i think a eagle is better . 
  it 's too german-centric , i think . 
  there 's several countries using lions but they 'd still be a minority . 
  a * white * bull would be nice with regards to the greek myth about europa though . 
   first tried as england but then realised i coud n't join the hre without becoming emperor first similarily , i 'm playing the teutonic order ( now prussia ) and parts of my land * are * in the hre but not all of it is . 
  how can i , as a nation , join the hre ? 
  i have a bigger territory than the current emperor ( austria ) but they have a lot more provinces so that should n't be a bother . 
  do i just use the `` join hre '' provincial decision ? 
   while ruling with an iron fist over the dutch i hope ? 
  otherwise you 're just weird :p i 'm not him , but i 've done the same . 
  ruled over the netherlands , belgium , luxemburg , wales , ireland , half of france , part of denmark , part of germany , and the usa . 
  colonies in africa and the far east obviously . 
  before i got divine wind i had the whole world mod though . 
  it added a few more territories and even gave the frisians their own culture . 
  it did mean you could n't from the netherlands like you can in dw but fuck that . 
  one of the new territories was a little island ( texel ) sort of in-between holland and friesland . 
  it was frisian in culture but in hollandic hands so that was a nice first casus belli . 
  iirc the frisians had a core on it too . 
  i do n't actually know , sorry . 
  i do n't actually know the background . 
  i just turned on the tv one day and it was on the news . 
  i think it was based on the research of the gas company , they released a statement and the news got some other views in on it . 
  so nice , you mentioned it twice . 
  :p thanks though . 
  the french have been around for so long , * everybody * is in some way associated with them . 
  maybe a few asians nations but that 's it . 
  it 's not fair to hold that kind of grudge , especially not if i have vague far-back associations with them myself . 
  they 're not innocent . 
  they 're guilty by association . 
  association with bieber . 
  on the one hand , it 's obviously hideous to level the house . 
  on the other , it might just be worth it . 
  especially if i can take out some of his sycophants too . 
  hah , no i was just being silly . 
  do n't worry about it . 
   i 'm calling my daughter nyxi because i hate her already . 
  i think i made that sentence more accurate . 
  c ) all of the above . 
  i am now in a state of incandescent rage and wish i had attacked him with a bazooka . 
  shale gas . 
  at least , that was the least uninteresting bit of the news last time i watched it . 
  gas companies say it 's a good idea , water companies and green-energy people think it 's an awful idea . 
  i 'm with the latter . 
  the netherlands btw . 
   it is not just balkan , everybody is doing it [ pish posh ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:exmorra_02.jpg ) . 
  tulips man . 
  russkies love them . 
  long-stemmed ones too . 
  they 're unpopular here but the bigger the better over there . 
  also ; [ scroll down to `` economische betrekkingen '' . 
  oh yeah , it 's the russia-the netherlands year . 
  pretty neat . 
  exhibitions in several museums ( groningen and assen come to mind and no doubt the hermitage too ) . 
  if all goes well i 'll be on a two-week trip with some schoolmates to and in russia in the autumn as well . 
  totes looking forward to it . 
  better read the letter now though . 
  edit :  the people in the netherlands , in turn , remember the heroism of russian soldiers who in 1813 helped liberate amsterdam , breda and other dutch cities from napoleon 's invaders . 
  we do ? 
  turns out you 're actually not disagreeing with missbabaganoosh , just with atheistmil . 
  yep . 
  and if you point at it , it tells you when too . 
  you would if you could put two and two together . 
  i grew up with a dialect . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  this dialect is spoken amidst an area that has its own language . 
  that language is interesting but not really useful either . 
  and neither is the national language , really . 
  he * is * right though . 
  you can see if a post has been edited because there 's an asterisk after the time it was posted . 
  if you looked at the original post which corrected the original error and compared that with the asterisk behind the corrected post then you would 've realised what had happened . 
  fuckin ' polar bears in disguise . 
  haha holy shit that 's great . 
  builenveld just sounds nasty though . 
  i only got that it was n't serious after seeing the bit about finland 's flag . 
  it 's not * my * plan , why are you getting angry at me about it ? 
  it 's a shitty plan but none of the `` gibe lands plox '' plans after the second world war were for the moral high ground . 
  it was to weaken germany , strengthen yourself and payback . 
  i agree with you on this !, 
  it 's payback , not the moral high ground . 
  very nice !, 
  i hope it works out !, 
  fair point . 
  although it does contradict economic liberalism .
