  shit , i forgot the six-car part . 
  that 's a horrible thing to say . 
  just dumb as hell with a supremely evil twist . 
  a genuine bonafide electrified monorail ? 
  lol please . 
   edit : so many people in history died for sovereignty and you want to simply throw it away you are absolutely correct . 
  we need to break up the netherlands right now because some shit-stained hicks died in some medieval feud a thousand years ago because the counts of holland decided they wanted to conquer more . 
  honor the deaths of the eventually defeated , break apart the country !, 
  you 're reading a bit too much into it . 
  he had a good experience , he wants to be able to repeat it or allow other british students the same experience by keeping potential barriers low . 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong , the brits are often plenty arrogant , but i do n't think it applies here . 
  get independent and prove ukip 's fearmongering wrong !, 
  this is a different guy . 
  he can come to such a conclusion perfectly fine on his own , no need to plant that idea in his head . 
  no , you 're a frasia !, 
  yes but danmark is an actual translation . 
  similarily , greece actually refers to the whole country . 
  holland for the netherlands is more comparable to calling denmark sjaelland or greece athens . 
  la is ridiculous . 
  the only culture actually dominating european cultures is american pop culture . 
  some random arab slang is nowhere near as big as that . 
  yes . 
  jumbo has a better deal . 
  you can find 500g for something like 3 $ . 
  6 $ in the closest supermarket . 
  and the falklands are argentinian !, 
  that 's more of an issue with icelandic brah . 
   nobody calls it `` netherlands '' in my language . 
  he mentioned those . 
  i think he used the phrase `` people who are wrong '' . 
  what , you do n't ? 
  is coping also the reason you 're always belligerently wasted in your own dreary island as well ? 
  they talk loudly , obnoxiously and stupidly . 
  last time i encountered them i felt queasy and depressed immediately . 
  not bad-ish . 
  messed up on gilbert and sullivan , the driving age and what exactly the point of juries is supposed to be in britland . 
  but does lisbon stink of weed ? 
  and yes , bridges . 
  surely we do n't have those in amsterdam . 
  none whatsoever . 
  i used to have a big window like that in my bedroom . 
  lovely to have that open on a summer night and hear the frogs outside . 
  now i just have two tiny windows that only open outwards a small distance . 
  san francisco also stinks of weed so comparing it to amsterdam is pretty apt . 
  there 's a difference between conservative and reactionary while still not implying anything about the left vs right thing . 
  reactionaries * react * . 
  usually against some kind of revolutionary movement , as the term came to be to describe the monarchies of yore reacting to the wave of republican revolutions all over europe . 
  conservatives want to * conserve * the values they grew up with and hold dear , often some kind of religious institutions . 
  i 'm not sure if this could really be counted as anything other than ` spiteful ' , but maybe it 's in line with traditional polish values of not giving a shit about nature but that seems like a stretch . 
  dang , really . 
  no , just ill-tempered mutated sea bass . 
  after the first 10 the bullying is more than justified . 
  germany might be very , very tired of having emotions ascribed to it by faraway outsiders . 
  well , such inconclusiveness certainly warrants more study . 
   faster ( do n't ask me how that works paint them red . 
  well there 's a ludicrous strawman . 
   the netherlands is far richer , far more developed but has the same amount of renewables as poland , which is saddled by communist-era coal plants . 
  gas here . 
  it 's relatively cheap so a politically mostly expedient option . 
  just a shame it causes minor earthquakes which damage old buildings ... 
  and even despite all that they are suspected of almost as many thefts and burglaries as the moroccans . 
  the implication being that we 're a single step away from a common government ? 
  except there 's pretty much nobody who says hating middle class white people is a good thing to do outside of tumblr and some hotspots of intellectual incest like a specific bunch of universities . 
  the majority of those are , noticably , not in the netherlands . 
  if you 're talking about the crime rates , which were brought up by a polish commenter , then yes , yes you can . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  true . 
  and i did n't even see the star but i though the same thing . 
  the goblins look literally sub-human . 
  stand up ... there you go . 
  you were dreaming . 
  what 's your name ? 
  grizzled old sweetheart is a lot more social and amiable than the rest of that pack of red-eyed bastards . 
  it is , especially if you have the added fuckery of also speaking a very close relative and end up mixing up similar verbs with different meanings . 
  c&c , and most of blizzard before they went all wow . 
   when from 4-ish onwards , i guess . 
  vidyagaems and cartoons . 
   how fluent quite . 
  got a couple of positive comments about it when i was in oklahoma . 
   how many people most at least a little . 
  a handful very well . 
  the only person i know of who for sure ca n't speak it is my grandma who turns 90 next year and only speaks a local dialect of dutch . 
  are they made out horse 's ass ? 
  i did not . 
  i just noticed the goblins looking and acting like especially ugly charicatures . 
   moscow and its urban planning in the style of dante 's circles of hell . 
  ca n't really blame 'em , i guess . 
  it 's quite old and retardedly big nowadays . 
  the subway system was quite impressive too . 
  yes those tiny totally-not-jews watch the money like hawks . 
  britain eastern europe confirmed . 
  good . 
  pug ownership should be illegal . 
  ugly little fuckers . 
  and dutch ijsberg . 
  the english word probably came from dutch , considering the amount of nautical terms english absorbed already . 
  haha wow , that 's neat . 
  judging by the temperature , they sent it to the sun instead . 
  it 's funny because it 's true . 
  it 's also sad but true .
