  that 's a point , but would they really be affected by me posting things on facebook ? 
  that 's not really a method of fighting croatia 's attitude . 
  that 's just you whining on facebook . 
  they made their own decision and though i do n't agree with it , it 's not my place to change it for them . 
   in france ( but i suspect , most of europe ) , `` liberal '' is actually synonymous to ultra-capitalist arguably the same in the netherlands . 
  liberal is usally opposite to socialist and it 's more in the economic sphere rather than social things . 
  you have the confessionals who do the social conservatism . 
  aww : c, 
  do n't apparently know how to spell `` rafael '' but okay . 
   fries oh yeah !, 
  nope , it 's private . 
  it 's because of the fuckin ' shapes , man . 
  you 've got a dozen similarily-shaped and named states right in the middle of fuckin ' nowhere . 
  nah , it just shows mexico ending where it should and the countries you mentioned are meso-america instead . 
  hah and montenegro does ? 
  not in terms of size or anything . 
  and slovakia is about as relevant to the average american than iowa and its location is to the average slovak . 
   the shower of cunts . 
  a vaginal douche . 
  you would n't even need to arm them in some cases . 
  jesus that 's a weird thought . 
  well you would , being the offspring of that . 
  i 'd rather not need another new fleet . 
  yes . 
  ja wat is het nou , fries of byzantijns ? 
  of een draak in de varangiaanse garde ? 
  it 's either empiring or gardening and i for one prefer them to be gardening . 
  haha very nice . 
  i love that they kept to their zany promises . 
  bullcrap with nicely dramatic buzzwords . 
  one cheap trick !, 
  the french hate him !, 
  but dude , nobody even said he was trying to get rid of the gold throne . 
  bloody pseudo-belgians lowering our glorious average . 
  wow , that 's super shite . 
  i mean 49 % for a single person ? 
  that would almost guaranteed be the powerhouse of that election as it 's bloody unlikely there 's a different party/candidate with 50/51 % votes . 
  no worries , i read it as countries at first too . 
  would 've been completely preposterous , especially with the other point where you 'd need to get 700 voters in 18 different countries each . 
  you 'd need over 12,000 foreign voters with that and that could n't be true so i looked a bit harder at the actual words haha . 
  that is n't , although i still like it . 
  that 's from mathilda ? 
  nah , they 'd form up together and then go up in a hilarious explosion somehow involving strong liquor and dead pigs . 
  they 're bloody maniacs in traffic and every place indoors is at least 23 degrees celsius . 
  i 'm no less whitey . 
  it 's neither fair nor accurate to fish after violent crimes and pretend it means muslims are somehow more criminal and violent than the native dutch while completely ignoring the crimes committed by the same native dutch . 
  street thugs and rapes are not necessarily a product of islam , i 'd say it 's more likely a product of poorly adjusted and bored youths . 
  * that * is the problem . 
  cause of it is , indeed , partially islam and a tribalistic desire not to integrate but i have a feeling you were n't actually looking for something like that . 
  they are . 
  of a certain sort . 
  random beatings-up it 's mostly youth with an islamic background . 
  actual stone-cold criminal murders , that 's still whitey . 
  so are white-collar crimes like embezzlement and fraud . 
  not for anyone with tastebuds . 
  * non-cheese dairy * ??!, 
  have you gone bananas ? 
  that too . 
  that 's not a very interesting map . 
  i was expecting something a little more in-depth . 
  could not , should not into . 
  it 's true . 
  groningen is the greater city around here . 
  can not into !, 
  traitor !, 
  although , yeah , if it secedes the way it is now , then it 'd be pretty shite off . 
  sweet , thanks . 
  hey , what 's the dealio with all the kraut states ? 
  what 's the one between poland and germany , for example ? 
  sweet map though . 
  i can kinda dig the independent frisia as well ( not bloody likely/viable though ) . 
  maybe not the point . 
  it 's about `` if every seperatist movement was succesful '' after all . 
  and if you take [ the groep fan auwerk ] as a pan-frisian seperatist movement , then hey , you have everything `` frisian '' bundled together . 
   a very sparsely populated province compared to the rest of the netherlands , sure . 
  other than that , not really . 
  i like the rest of your post though . 
  :p ( although there are a handful of actual seperatists but big deal ), 
  haha fair enough . 
  makes sense too . 
  dutch sounds good but i also liked spanish . 
  which holland province ? 
  north or south ? 
  you 're right though , it definitely sounds like a holland accent . 
  vaguely leids , i guess . 
  i do n't know , it 's definitely not a frisian , eastern ( saxon ) or southern ( pseudo-flemish ) accent though . 
  yup . 
  with recent gangs of bulgarians scamming the dutch government on housing benefits or some shit like that . 
  if i were him i 'd seek citizenship somewhere further away from russia . 
  like jupiter . 
  an ugly swede then . 
  i 'm sure it 's not impossible . 
  there 's also quite a few river ports on the map though . 
  and those on the wadden isles are n't that spectacular either , clearly . 
  the fuck you talking about ? 
  haha give those terrorists a taste of their own medicine , eh ?!, 
  wait . 
  jesus you 're a big sack of vitriol are n't you ? 
  lots of local influence . 
  it 's just that local becomes ridiculously big when talking about russia .
