  lol that 's not a thing . 
  if you actually find the kind of people who do that then spoiler alert ; they 'd still be a pack of stuck-up cunts if they all wore the same preposterous outfits . 
  lol yeah there 's a great argument . 
  plenty of countries do fine without uniforms . 
  american school kids wearing gang colours is an issue with gang culture not with a lack of uniforms . 
  unless they have the wrong skin colour , surname , accent or slightly less brand-spanking new clothes . 
  at best a uniform takes away or diminishes * one * avenue of bullying . 
  it does not take away all bullying . 
   when you are learning in school is not the best time to express your individuality it 's a goddamn perfect time . 
  school is not just for learning subjects , it 's where you develop your personality as well simply by virtue of spending most your puberty in school . 
  it 's not about expressing , it 's about developing individuality . 
  eleven ?!, 
  what the hell britbags ? 
  average graduating with less debt might be because they start off wealthier and thus have to borrow less . 
  which probably means there 's a portion of people who ca n't study at all due to not being able to afford it . 
  the brits have done a lot more of that . 
  yes !, 
  the melee was an important part of medieval tournaments !, 
  that 's not the same logic . 
  if the quote is `` voting leave is a victory for ordinary , decent people '' then it must follow that voting remain is a ) not a victory for ordinary decent people and b ) that the people who voted remain , and who have therefore not achieved a victory , are not ordinary , decent people '' . 
  leave result = victory for ordinary , decent people . 
  therefore , voting leave , and succeeding , means you are ordinary , decent people . 
  the statement makes `` being ordinary , decent people '' , dependent on voting leave . 
  and if you then did not vote leave , then it follows that you can not * be * ordinary , decent people . 
  your example does not make `` loving mother '' dependent on `` being my mum '' . 
  the statement does not imply a limit to who can be a loving mother * or * whom the loving mother belongs to . 
  had remain * won * , then the original statement could be twisted to `` a defeat for ordinary , decent people '' . 
  which means that the people who were victorious are clearly implied to not be ordinary , decent people . 
  eh maybe . 
  that is the opposite of my argument , dingus . 
  i 'm * saying * it 's a little more complicated than picking a `` victim '' and a `` villain '' . 
  it 's a huuuge fucking complex age-old issue . 
  i certainly do not tihnk israel is the `` victim '' but i also do not think plo and the palestinian authority are the victims either . 
  i do not think israeli settlers nor palestinian grenade-flingers are the victims either . 
  the only victims here are the innocent civilians on either side although somehow the biggest victim here is reasonable discourse where every utter * cunt * on the internet can read shit that was never said and extrapolate wildly just to make some goddamn smug point of their own . 
  learn to read . 
  but that 's not what we were talking about . 
  that 's not the `` root '' cause . 
  the root cause is the ancient-ass bigotry against the jews , which led to centuries of oppression , culminated in the holocaust and was given an attempt at reduction by creating a new homeland for the jews to live in in peace . 
  which would be fine and completely dandy if there were not already people living there . 
  you ca n't just take a random point in time and decide `` this caused it all !, 
  '' , especially not if there 's a ludirously long backstory to it . 
  had israel been a moon colony somehow , then sure , there would not have been any violence . 
  the root cause here is people being dicks to other people for political gain , thereby fostering hatred , which in turn excuses being dicks even more . 
  ofcourse that 's different . 
  how can it not be different ? 
  and israel did not exist in 1945 . 
  there were still people living there . 
  and they got displaced and oppressed and , for some weird reason , they 're still salty about that . 
  both sides are blowing up civilians all the time . 
  : / he was n't blaming everything on israel . 
  you , however , were blaming everything on the palestinians . 
  just load them into a giant trebuchet and fling them in the right direction . 
  how ? 
  they do n't do farming nor fishing and guarding import does n't count towards self-sufficiency . 
  they 've had a minor handful of homebrew terror attacks but they 're mostly doing fine . 
  destroyers do n't help with food sufficiency . 
  and clearly , even if you do have an extremely efficient agricultural industry ; you 're still not producing as much per person per square km as in the netherlands . 
  that is , even if england is more densely populated , it 's not a very big difference . 
  but the difference in agricultural output * is * pretty big . 
  you were talking about the uk though . 
  admittedly , the geography is n't all that helpful everywhere , but at least the population density in scotland is incredibly low . 
  and also , i believe the netherlands is slightly ahead of england . 
  ... because those judges were brandishing arms and trying to shut down infrastructure ? 
  this shit is phoney as hell . 
  turkey has military drones ? 
  lol that 's super convenient . 
  i think the `` despite '' is is to frame it as a failing or unfair move by british politics . 
  so it would be `` even though wales voted the way we wanted them to , we ca n't give them the same amount of funding as they had when we were still in the eu '' . 
  and `` we '' being the remain politicians and current brits in government . 
  more like beaurise johnhonhon !, 
  well gee thanks france , i appreciate the confidence you had in my presentational skills that you organised a celebration even before i started it !, 
  i nailed it though , so you may continue celebrating . 
  well yeah , but i do n't think you can claim religious freedom if the person affected ca n't make the choice himself . 
  a contract with a minor ? 
  is n't it a lot more meaningful if an adult human being has it done to signify his own devotion ? 
  you 'd think it being an act signifying the covenant between you and god would mean it 's a personal decision to be made by an informed adult , but maybe it does n't workt tat way . 
  pressure is the least harsh reaction that can actually be called a reaction . 
  and calling this pressure is more than a step too far . 
  there are no political threats , no sanctions , no actual force whatsoever , just a single remark to a single person . 
  sitting around twiddling their collective thumbs untill britain finally gets their case together and actually starts either leaving or decides to stay anyway is the absence of a reaction . 
  he 's talking about a balance though . 
  not just unbridled increase in diversity . 
  completely no diversity would mean everyone would be from similar ethnic , social , religious , national , wealth , geographical , dialectical backgrounds . 
  and in that way you may be ignoring a lot of perfectly valid and helpful perspectives . 
  i do n't think he 's saying you need one of every human race and gender to come to anything , but that a relative outsider might sometimes have some input others do n't immediately think of . 
  hey who you calling `` you people '' ? 
  also , executivemonkey is also a cheeky monkey . 
  he likes to play le epic trole pretending to be a stereotypical dumb yank . 
  the ottomans would be one of the examples of influence from outside . 
  same would count for christianity and some goodies from china . 
  thepost also mentioned the `` fringes '' of the continent though . 
  greece and italy who started and spread a lot of the basics are pretty fringey for europe , looking at it in a geographical sense . 
  those words just look bad when put together . 
  does celtic mythology not have some kind of mythical resurgence ? 
  some kind of hilarity with kettles or cauldrons maybe . 
  though that does not sound as cool as a giant bird of fukken fire . 
  is it a bubble though ? 
  it would be a bubble if people started building further on this spike , but what it looks like now is that it 's just a one-time thing that screw with expectations but is not otherwise very significant . 
  it 's not like the housing bubble or tulip mania where prices kept rising and rising and people kept outbidding eachother untill it all blew up and reverted back to an actual price based on worth .
