  the burqa is a bit different yeah but i 'd say it should still be allowed and up the person wearing it . 
  polandball is not nearly as bad as this though . 
  no giant cartoony hands no `` yaay `` s and happy background noises , no smiles , no pupils . 
  a lot less desperately cheery and cuddly . 
  kinda interesting but looks painfully childish . 
  lol only 300 miles from london . 
  i 'd rather not , i do n't think i 'd stand a chance . 
   not because it 's religious , but because it does n't fit our norms regarding clothing . 
  i do n't know . 
  i see the occassional old lady wearing an equivalent here and i know of a girl who wore one to emulate audrey hepburn and going for style . 
  pulled it off pretty well too . 
  and really , i 'm not too bothered by norms regarding clothing . 
  it 's nobody 's business but your own . 
  i would n't mind nudity either ( though it would be an adjustment ) just so long people do n't sit their poorly-wiped bottoms down on unprotected seats in public transport or things like that . 
  at that point it becomes an issue of hygiene . 
  big deal , i can handle any terrestrial forces . 
   headdresses might have to be banned , they would be a vestige of gender apartheid . 
  would n't that just be up to the person themselves if they want to wear it ? 
   ( at least reasonably sized countries do n't ) even small ones like the netherlands and belgium do n't . 
  and the even smaller ones tend to be filled with rich foreigners living and working there for tax reasons so monaco or luxembourg are n't monocultures either . 
  and a silly name . 
  dutch and english mostly . 
  i can speak some frisian and can understand it whenever it 's spoken but speaking it takes some time . 
  i know some german and some spanish . 
  i know a few words and phrases in mandarin chinese , russian and french . 
  i have a pretty good military . 
  i have a few dozen starfighters , at least 3 mon calamari cruisers and i guess some 5 nebulon b-frigates . 
  i also have hordes upon hordes of sullustans but they 're only good at detecting covert ops , really . 
  yeah i saw that in a different comment . 
  yeah i can agree with that , i guess . 
  just taking everyone is no more of a solution than kicking everyone out . 
  there 's no reporting about it ? 
  well that 's convenient . 
  clearly this means it 's all working perfectly dandy . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  ah , thanks . 
  no , but it does mean his contribution was n't actually much of a contribution . 
  i understand the confusion but i can also understand at least part of the downvotes . 
  no doubt a minor part of it is also due to `` what 's an american doing here anyway '' . 
  which poster ? 
  / u/darthmagikarp , / u/thread _ water or / u/caislaochach ? 
   pretty telling of this sub that you 're being downvoted for contributing to the conversation , even if it 's an unpopular perspective on here . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  he brought in something that was irrelevant to the issue as apparently the irish had arranged gay adoption seperately from marriage equality and so stopping gay marriage wo n't actually affect adoption in the least . 
  it 's not going to be the next issue because it 's already resolved . 
  childish , vicious , and moral panicky . 
  apparently poland also uses poppies , as mentioned by several poles in this thread . 
  yes but what the british do with poppies is not really relevant to what the ukrainians might want to . 
  halp halp cultural appropriation . 
  very nice although i am a bit confused with the colours . 
  the shiny pink bit next to latvia , is that catholic or eastern ? 
  and the duller lilac bit on the latvia coast , is that orthodox or catholic ? 
   biggest economy on earth . 
  china has the advantage of being a fucking huge unified state though . 
  the african countries are mostly fucked because of competing ethnic and tribal groups who both have the same claim to the same areas and who will fight over those areas and their resources readily enough . 
  i 'm not making excuses , i 'm just saying it 's not really all that simple . 
  part of * how * colonialism fucked over africa was with drawing of arbitrary borders and stuffing diverse populations in them against their will . 
  and in some cases favouring some of those ethnic groups over the others which lead to even worse tensions and those tensions eventually lead to genocide . 
  not saying that europe is directly responsible for those genocides but colonialism did get the ball rolling so to speak . 
  i agree however that aid is not the solution . 
  investment is . 
  do n't just drop off a lump sum of cash at the first corrupt tin-pot dictator 's office who will invariably favour his own tribe over any others in the country , but do fair , open and honest trade and investment with the locals and give them a stake and a say in it . 
  build a factory or an energy plant , hire and educate locals , it 'll be a boon to the community , to the area and the locals will sure as fuck want to continue with it simply because it brings them prosperity . 
  i thought the guy was being satirical . 
  i agree with a lot of what you said , but this doofus essentially said in a closely related post that africa * owes * europe for the damage it has done during colonisation and that africa should just shut up and be grateful . 
  which is jolly ridiculous . 
  that 's actually true , but cultural and political problems * can * be solved or at least limited through outside influence . 
  which costs money , which is the point . 
  that takes a while and is dangerous as hell because of other groups who think that the current situation is just dandy because it allows them to play conquerors and warlords . 
   we built their entire physical infrastructure which i do n't think is too useful as it 's damaged , outdated , disputed , limited and outright useless or even vacant in areas where it would be useful . 
   political infrastructure which caused a lot of the fuck-ups in the first place by putting unrelated tribes in the same area , by establishing hierarchies which created tensions and by causing multiple groups who never liked eachother very much to all have claims to the exact same thing thus provoking further tensions . 
   did n't charge them for it after independence they did n't exactly hire europe to perform a service you know . 
  europe came in , conquered it , robbed the place blind and built the infrastructure to rob it even more efficiently . 
  what kind of dreamworld are you living in ? 
   if people in these countries want freedom of movement with their former colonial master then they should n't have become independent , yes , because the people of today should n't have made the decision 40 to * 100 * years ago to become independent ? 
  what a silly thing to say . 
   that 's what australia did and it worked . 
  not so sure . 
  they just have a lot of would-be immigrants languishing in camps on islands . 
  i do n't think that really solves the problem . 
  more are still going to try and then you just need to put more in camps . 
  the only thing that would work is tackle the problem at the core and that 'll be a bitch and a half to do too . 
  occassionally . 
   the zevenprovinci\u00ebn lcf airdefense/commander frigate snoezig apparaatje . 
  hm might actually work . 
  barely any hapless bystander-victims wear any armour anyways . 
  i do n't think that 's going to solve the problem . 
  might even make it worse when smuggling gangs start stealing boats from , say , fishermen who then end up having no job or livelihood anymore and who would then like to go somewhere where they * would * have a chance . 
  yeah , it 's no fair . 
  the only thing we have in return is calling rickets `` english disease '' . 
  shooter burned at the stake for devilry and witchcraft . 
   you ca n't really do mass-shooting with a crossbow . 
  not with * a * crossbow , but that 's why you bring a wheelbarrow full of them !, 
  fair enough . 
  at least a start although things 'd be much clearer with a conviction . 
  also true . 
  the english want to ... boil ? 
  their penis . 
  y' all weird . 
  not allegedly dumps manure but dumps alleged manure ?
