  but they just wo n't let you ? 
  :( i feel you man . 
   there are only 5 million of us which makes it possible to ship us to siberia to just die there . 
  clearly you need to procreate more . 
  it would be hilarious you mean . 
  there are several internet-language-realms though . 
  the vast majority of the russian , chinese , japanese , french-speaking people are in their own sub-internets , so to speak . 
  i respect anyone who speaks multiple languages and for some reason feel it 's almost necessary for a politician ( although you anglo 's do n't quite have the need ) so i really like that he speaks multiple languages . 
  i 'm listening without looking now . 
  there were a few things that give away his englishness ( you can use '' , i think '' at the end of a sentence in english to denote your opinion but the phrase in dutch becomes '' , denk ik '' . 
  he used the dutch words but the english word order and made '' , ik denk '' out of it . 
  i like his accent more than that of the woman interviewing him , by the way . 
  hehe i got it . 
  just making a joke . 
  kriek is awesome . 
  in the netherlands we have some 50-odd sundays a year !, 
  and roughly as many thursdays , fridays and saturdays too !, 
  they may take our sub , but they 'll never take our integrityyyy !, 
  i was kinda shocked when i saw it had become private so i overreacted a mite here . 
  godverdegodverdegodverdomme . 
  no doubt it 's partially due to my own comments as well . 
  thanks man . 
  i was just saying . 
  but the students back then are likely not the same as the students now . 
  there are too many problems and they got too big . 
  i doubt it was very well built in the first place . 
  although they could at least throw a broom down the hallway to clear out the shards from the lights . 
  you ca n't clean the ceiling back up . 
  you ca n't clean the pipes back in one piece or the lights back in their fitting . 
  there 's a limit to what maintenance they could do . 
  the light in the kitchen here was n't working . 
  landlord fixed it the day after i notified him of it . 
  they win . 
  i thought they were already full of scandilandians ? 
   where getting a phd stands for probably has disease . 
  that 's the exact same thing the imgur top comment said ten hours earlier . 
  i have no idea man , i did n't post it . 
  i 'm just sitting here making snide remarks . 
  i would n't be surprised in the least if it * was * real though . 
  by the looks of it , your linking to this comment caused a downvote brigade on the other guy . 
   physical and sexual violence . 
   might be harassament ? 
  well , which is it ? 
  is an invitation violent ? 
  does the appropriateness of it lessen or increase the violentness ? 
  ah , thanks . 
  all the bad drivers died in ` orrible accidents so there 's mostly just good drivers left . 
  some countries , however , had a lot more bad drivers to start with and so still have a lot of deaths . 
  that 's why it 's bad . 
  germany was dragged into it by their own alliances and the already established powers were scared they 'd have to share . 
  i did n't quite get that far . 
  that reads like bad fan fiction . 
  i had to check the link just to see what a hyvin picture was . 
  nah , tha ` ts jus ' t the greengro ` cers ' apostrophe for you . 
  coming from a german . 
   you 're talking about eu3 ca n't be . 
  putin has n't annexed the crimea yet so he ca n't have taken the infamy hit yet . 
  and it 's not a containment casus belli but `` dishonorable scum '' . 
  preserving freedom ? 
  are you sure you 're still talking about world war one ? 
  world war 1 was merely a clusterfuck of alliances and promises , there was n't any one specific evil empire plotting to overthrow the earth . 
  i do n't think your bombastic rhetoric really applies here mate . 
   ww1 changed everything . 
  because it was n't you lot imperialising anymore , got it . 
   so many memorials ? 
  wow , that 's quite a lot . 
  thanks for explaining that . 
  could you explain what you mean by `` the last of the light brigade '' though ? 
  i 've heard of the * charge * but not of the last one . 
  comparison ? 
  or maybe vaguely snidely tangentially relevant because they were both a `` loss '' for the respective countries . 
  or some shit like that . 
  i 'm kinda curious how it continues now . 
  although i do n't know the white guy with the red stripe . 
  ah okay my bad . 
  i never noticed . 
  although that might be because the dutch are n't interested because we were n't really involved . 
  i think it 's more curious that britons * are * interested in world war one . 
  as far as i can tell , they 're the only ones . 
  and then they make vaguely self-absorbed articles about it . 
  the netherlands uses a dark blue instead of the wimpy cyan of luxembourg . 
  woaah man its perfect, 
  true enough . 
  why ? 
  you then get confused because you do n't know * which * medals counts . 
  i mean , 9 bronze would technically be better in that system than 8 gold . 
  but 8 gold strikes me as ( even ) more impressive . 
  we should count the number of times a country occupies the first , second * and * third spot . 
  no no no no . 
  divide it by surface area . 
  maybe you are if you have n't seen it yet . 
  it 's always preceded by some whiny pedantry . 
  it 's old ( and lame ) as shit . 
  maybe this counts for poland but you ca n't really make such a blanket statement about all of europe . 
  over in the netherlands there are so-called `` ietsisten '' ( somethingists ) . 
  they do not believe in a god per se , but they believe that there is `` something out there , something bigger than them '' . 
  this includes new age beliefs as well as ideas about cosmic justice , a caring universe , that sort of thing . 
  i 'd consider myself an agnostic atheist . 
  that is , assuming an abrahamic omnipotent god , that that god , if he existed , would be quite capable of simply hiding himself from the eyes on earth . 
  i 'm inclined to believe he does n't exist though , as i do n't see why he 'd be playing hide-and-seek for milennia , and moreoever , that whole idea disregards any other god .
