   i like when people make fun of us , as long as they do it it a bit of wit . 
  see , that 's how making fun of * anybody * should be . 
  so not bringing up how germans are supposed to be humorless or the french are cowards every damn time . 
  theres way too much of that shit on reddit . 
  16 to 24 meters , duh . 
  the numbers are right there you dope !, 
  shit finland , you crazy . 
  hm , whose cynical move would this be then ? 
  i 'm back home and nope , no airconditioning . 
  some fans , but they mostly move the heat around . 
  they help by blowing in air from the cooler hallway into my room but it 's hardly enough . 
  except i think you 're allowed to cross the street in mad max . 
  or walk around after having had a couple of beers . 
  me to america ; oh god please i need air-conditioning . 
  summer has begun and it 's already been past 30 degrees celsius ( 90-ish f ) in my bedroom . 
  it was much hotter in oklahoma but my bedroom was nice and cool . 
  it 's not faaaaiiir . 
  he 's saying that there 's an anti-russian circlejerk on this subreddit and that a rally of hundreds is not very impressive in a city like st petersburg . 
  just , y' know , badly . 
   who ever said germans ca n't be funny ? 
  unfunny people . 
  because he seems to want more than 25 % . 
  because just making demands does n't mean it 's a good choice and you might end up with some issues from having a lot of children suddenly . 
  i mean , i feel like it should entirely be up the couple to decide if and how many children they have or want . 
  if i want people to have more children then it 's up to me ( speaking as an imaginary dictator ) to make sure that it 's actually in their own best interest to * have * multiple children . 
  if not by adding positives to having children , then at least by lessening the negatives . 
  so tax breaks , convenient day cares and whatever else . 
  i think france has a bunch of those policies in place actually , and with [ effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/total_fertility_rate#/media/file:countriesbyfertilityrate.svg ) . 
  sure ? 
  why do you ask ? 
  all i 'm saying is if he wants to see that happen he needs to make it a good choice . 
  if he wants that to happen he should at least make it a feasible and attractive option . 
  there should be a benefit to it other than the warm fuzzy feeling that a daffy dictator in ankara would , if he ever found out , approve that you have 3 or more children . 
  what do those colours mean ? 
  true , but heavily fenced up could still be possible . 
  and then you might get media attention . 
  or they could go the long way and try to sneak through the caucasus and russia lol . 
  yes , i did n't say i disagreed . 
  i 'm just saying it 's not a very simple solution either and that it requires a lot of political will and effort . 
  not specific , no , but it 's an extra load . 
  you 'd have to get everyone to agree on the idea first and then decide who does what and who pays for it . 
  no fjords 'n shit though . 
  reaheally ? 
  niiice . 
   i 'm mostly interested in sightseeing and nature probably scandinavia . 
   on a low budget probably not scandinavia . 
  really , i thought the eu was the ultimate scapegoat for everything in the uk . 
  do n't see it happening any time soon and do n't really want it either . 
  i would n't go that far , but yeah , kinda . 
   who mentioned this was the eu 's fault in this thread ? 
  ehm , / u/cetujemene did . 
  heavily implying that this issue would not have happened of be magically fixed if the uk left the eu ( ssr ) . 
  exactly . 
  and the us had the advantage of it being a single country who foots the bill , how are you gon na divide all that over 28 countries with varying levels of wealth , involvement and political interest ? 
  that might be a good idea but i can see it being very very difficult to manage . 
  you 'd need more patrols , dedicated checkpoints , camps , applications and processing officers and locations , you 'd need to decide where , how often , how many and who pays for it . 
  as it is now , northern europeans seem less inclined to pay for that thing , thinking it 's up to southern europe to handle it but southern europe thinks that it 's unfair if they have to do everything if all those migrants all want to go north anyway . 
  and then there are lots of people saying it would be inhumane . 
  so you 'd have 20-odd internal political situations , a whole bunch of eu-wide political situations , military-political shit to figure out and the economic business . 
  so i 'm not really disagreeing with this kurz guy but it 's gon na be a very involved affair . 
  thing is , i 'm not sure it would help all that much . 
  there are land routes into europe . 
  the weapons they are using are at worst a few decades out of date and with an arsenal of nasty shit to boot , it 's not terminators versus cavemen here . 
  also , who sends troops to make a safe area ? 
  who foots the bill ? 
  how do immigrants get processed into the actual asylum systems ? 
  how do you divide all those people up all over europe ? 
  it 's a bit more complicated than just making a safe area and that in itself has issues . 
  ignoring that the people living there are in fact part of european countries and ca n't really be bribed into accepting this kind of thing , i also do n't think the scale is quite comparable . 
  the number of immigrants coming into europe are larger but lampedusa and lesbos much smaller than png . 
  pretty sure this is the uk being a bitch to the uk , do n't blame the eu for that . 
  yes . 
  and the greeks stopped them from going there . 
       now the afd is saying that what he meant was that homosexuality should be taboo , not the imprisonment part . 
  ah yes , that is much better . 
  after all , it 's not like the taboo has any influence on it being punishable , right ? 
  i get your logic but i disagree . 
  if the ` left ' has done ` this ' ( that is , erosion of gay rights ) to themselves by letting in immigrants but the anti-immigrant party is , at the same time , anti-gay , then is n't it also ` the right ' that has done this to itself ? 
  as in , you fear for your open and liberal culture because of immigrants so you elect people who are neither open nor liberal ? 
  and i mean liberal in a tolerant , let-people-do-their-own-thing way but ca n't really think of a better word . 
  edit ; much though i dislike geert wilders he at least did this cleverly by including gay marriage and tolerance in the culture he purports to defend . 
  why would you do that ? 
  those guys are in dire need of chill pills . 
  and we are doing better than you lot !, 
  and better than finland and canadia !, 
  true , but it was still quite close . 
  and the pro-leave side was still in favour of staying with the eu , so if the british leave the eu then the scottish might try to get with the eu by themselves . 
  he 's not saying it would , he 's saying it * could * . 
  and considering the scottish referendum was fairly close * and * the british eu polling is fairly close and assuming that the amount of pro- and anti- eu people in scotland is anywhere close to the polled average then there may well be enough of a push for the scottish to actually vote for independence . 
  salmond ? 
  sturgeon ? 
  what is this , some kind of piscine plot ? 
  not even if the situation drastically changes ? 
   royal marechaussee in denmark as mentioned by other , dutch , not danish . 
   also , they mostly do things like security and checkpoints and military police . 
   neo-soviet capitalist union how is that even possible, 
   furthermore , immigration has made england the most denseley populated country in the eu ( uk is 2nd behind netherlands ) was n't england very densely population for a very long time regardless ? 
  and are most immigrants not pakistani or indian or otherwise come through former imperial rather than eu-channels ? 
  yes , it 's from all the sea that used to be here . 
  i do n't think i have that much lube .
