  if maltese is an official language of the eu which , yes , it is , then there should be interpreters and translated documents , regardless of how well the pm of malta speaks english . 
  how so ? 
  true , but maltese * is * an official language of the eu and there are some facts associated with that status . 
  one of those is , iirc , the right to use said language and have it be interpreted . 
  i think the middle ground he 's getting at is `` circumcision as a religous practicte is okay '' which i have n't heard religious nuts complaining about or trying to make mandatory . 
  america . 
  i do n't know , if it was an * actual critique * he 'd get a better response simply because it 's not such a whiny piece of shit meta-thread from a guy who has , by his own admission , not a goddamn clue what he 's talking about . 
  edit ; this thread also has a better upvote/downvote ration than a british anti-brexit piece . 
  woah outta line . 
  better one would be iceland at the moment . 
   are a million gay people coming in ? 
  not really the point i think . 
   why do people always deflect to gay partners when we are discussing a risk of polygamy ? 
  that 's more relevant . 
  although i think it 's a fair point to make . 
  if polygamy is banned and people must adhere to existing german marriage laws , then the same should theoretically apply to gay marriage . 
  obviously , german just needs to legalise gay marriage and rend the entire argument moot but that 's not what it is yet . 
  as a sidenote , polygamy is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  it is bad if it 's just one man bossing around many wives who get no input in the thing but i 'd be fine with a configuration where everyone marries everyone and where , therefore , everyone needs to actually agree and actually want the whole business . 
  the trick is less sugar . 
  for the bread thing . 
  the 300 million people have several levels of government and administration and is spread over a positively * vast * area of land . 
  the administration does not actually * need * to manage 300 million people , it can delegate most of this down to state or local levels and let relatively small populations manage it . 
  however , the usa is * large * and the population centers are in the various extreme corners . 
  managing infrastructure in those areas may cause problems with existing infrastructure , with public opinion , and so on . 
  but it is doable . 
  however , large parts of the area in-between simply do not have the population density to justify the cost and effort of some hyper-modern continent-spanning method of transportation . 
  not in the least because there already * is * a continent-spanning method of transportation . 
  the system they have now could do with more funds for maintenance , repairs , replacements and so on . 
  sure . 
  but the cost of that would pale in comparison to what you seem to advocate . 
  and there simply is not enough demand to justify any such expenditure . 
  developing a system like that would have to be piece-meal and start from expanding and linking-up local systems . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  i was mostly joking in my comment anyway . 
  was more of a play on how some people want an australian style refugee management and just want to plonk them on some island somewhere but europe does n't really have many islands suitable for that . 
  man , they 're not even * creative * in their [ dickery ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/4aj235/psv_fans_mocking_beggars_in_madrid/ ) . 
  edit ; ah , the article mentions it at the end . 
   ** not ** that i think france currently actually has 30 % muslims ,, 
  what makes you think i said anything of the sort dude ? 
  i said i * do n't * think they actually have 30 % muslims . 
  ah rats , things will probably be different now then . 
  not that i think france currently actually has 30 % muslims , but i 'm willing to bet both the actual numbers and the perceptions of all these countries has risen greatly . 
  wow those are big differences . 
  is it possible to find/make something with newer numbers ? 
  ( or is it too much to ask that someone goes on to do a dozen nation-wide surveys throughout europe for a reddit post ), 
   britain is on the verge of leaving the eu and anti-eu sentiment is growing everywhere . 
  this was not ( as much ) the case when he said it . 
  he said it in 2014 and ' 15 . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  the info was already there , for everyone to see and discuss . 
  i 'm thinking you were trying to scare and dissuade people by posting it in this form . 
   why is everybody saying this in this thread ? 
  because it 's allll about britain . 
  even if the article is from march 2015 and some of the quotes from 2014 . 
   \u0423\u043c\u043e\u043c \u0440\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044e \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u043d\u044f\u0442\u044c man it 's frustrating being able to read the letters but not know what the words say . 
  something russia do n't understand . 
  i do n't think france has much of a say in what the scots do . 
  and the neutral netherlands , woo !, 
  yeah but why set it in 1918 if it means one of the big players is left out . 
  not laws , the lease . 
  dude upstairs has a little heater thing which was , apparently , strictly forbidden because it drew more power than the shitty 50 's wiring could handle . 
  and actually fucking around with the windows and remodelling the place is probably not entirely allowed in the contract . 
  oh and horned helms !, 
  neat , thanks . 
   well , he did quote the quran , so calling what he said hateful and claiming that he `` insulted freedom of worship '' then you must say the same thing about the quran and ban it . 
  i do n't know . 
  i mean , i see your point , but i think it 's more complicated than that . 
  what he said was hateful , yes . 
  it insults freedom of worship , yes . 
  what the quran says is hateful , yes . 
  you could argue that it also insults freedom of worship , yes . 
  but a professor is a person in a position of power . 
  the quran is the basis upon which a religion is built . 
  obviously , the quran has , in an indirect way , far more power than any random professor . 
  but the thing is , i do n't think you can ban the basis of a religion on the basis of it insulting freedom of worship . 
  it 's unfortunate that those phrases are part of the quran , it 's hateful , it 's petty , it 's * evil * , but you ca n't ban the cornerstone of a religion on the basis of protecting freedom of religion , not even if some parts of that religion are undeniably shitty . 
  you are allowed to believe that nonpraying people are animals ( even though it 's a fucked-up idea ) , but there 's a difference between believing it and saying it from a position of relative power . 
  if some random schmuck thinks `` god i hate those atheists so bad !! '', 
  from the privacy of his own home , well , fuck him . 
  if a professor says on state tv `` i hate them so much '' then he 's being more than just an asshole , he 's an asshole actively insulting and degrading people and even giving a justification for violence against them . 
  i did n't do it but if i did , this is how i would have . 
  good , and the suspended sentence is good too . 
  give them a fair last chance and kick the whole team out if those fuckheads screw up again . 
  ultras fucking suck , regardless of country . 
  but it does seem some countries are far more ultra than others . 
  and i hope they actually do something with the nervousness about the upcoming match in lille-lens . 
  ca n't hide behind not expecting it anymore . 
  and i also hope both the russians and the brits would * behave * but that 's just unlikely to expect from a minority of them . 
  did ... did you hit your head recently ? 
  did you have a stroke ? 
  quick , how many chromosomes are you holding up ? 
  really ? 
  awesome , where did you see that ? 
  how does that relate to this business ? 
  yep . 
  does n't change much other than the headline though , and that 's wrong anyway . 
  what if they 're wearing kappa ? 
  dakkadakkadakkadakkadakka ~ ~ orkz ~ ~ inglin iz best . 
   the child is going to have a rough live , homme de chauvesouris !,
