  and even then not everywhere . 
  especially those extremists from the judean people 's front !, 
  ( not to be confused with the people 's front of judea ), 
  how new would this new be actually ? 
  i mean , it 's before my time , but as far as i can tell the 70 's and 80 's were pretty explosive too what with several nationalist , communist , islamic fundamentalist and even feminist terrorist organisations fucking about . 
  well he has a point . 
  these dickbags * want * to create hysteria and hatred . 
  we need to be wary of that . 
  that said , we should pay more attention to the whole refugee clusterfuck and get that shit sorted in such a way to minimise extremism and allow people to return as soon as possible . 
  but i do n't think making strawman comments really help either . 
  a bit of nuance should always be welcome . 
  i thought they had wings for that . 
   like placing mobile speed cameras under camouflage nets , i do n't see the problem with that . 
  do n't speed and you 're fine . 
  not being able to see a speed camera does n't mean you get to haul ass over the limit . 
  gum is worse than cigarettes . 
  at least cigarettes just basically vanish pretty soon instead of leaving a gross sticky white patch on the pavement . 
  the common idea is that the higher the punishment/the fine , the higher the deterrent . 
  may not always be the case but i 'm willing to bet an idly tossed cigarette that it had some influence on this decision . 
  that usually makes sense though . 
  live in 3rd world poverty = very low rate of children actually becoming mature adults . 
  and the parents do want someone to take care of them when they 're retired so they produce more babies . 
  yeah sure . 
  through the power of spite or principles they 'll definitely kick the ass of spree killers and suicide bomber . 
  what does he propose , give them all knives and let them duke it out with eachother ? 
  i mean , sure , it sounds ` good ' but it 's pretty delusional . 
  well now i trust it even less !, 
  with vodka and krokodil . 
  agreed . 
  i thought `` haha those russians are n't really creative with their names '' . 
  quite fond of laurens alma-tadema . 
  the whole tulip thing is really not related to the example . 
  that 's more comparable to the housing bubble . 
  it 's also true . 
  posts about the uk in / r/europe tend to be both self-aggrandizing * and * carry a lame jab at france . 
  and somehow it 's the french who are arrogant . 
  that sounds way too simple . 
  i figure it might be comparable to the arrival of the jews and the huguenots in amsterdam a long time ago . 
  amsterdam got a huge boost from the specific trades and expertise the jews ( who were expelled from antwerp ) brought with them . 
  and his joke was actually somewhat clever !, 
   and the fries ? 
  those are in friesland !, 
  to be fair , their infrastructure pisses back . 
  nope . 
  christmas man is american import . 
  the genuine gift-bringing is unrelated to christmas and happens three weeks earlier . 
   then showing the key point of what makes a murderer a murderer would be effective . 
  it shows what a general murderer might be but does not prove one way or another whether you were a murderer or not . 
   that 's completely different than me magically becoming black or asian over night . 
  which is exactly what nobody whatsoever has been talking about . 
  the topic here was citizens of turkish and moroccan * descent * . 
  that 's at least 2 generations . 
  that 's the assimilation process , you 've just drawn an arbitrary line in the sand and decided it did n't count . 
   you guys are being willfully obtuse , maybe it 's because you 're being a bit condescending and trying to tout a personal point of view and trying to overlay that on a country you do n't have any affiliation with . 
   peculiarly north american spelling error i 've seen a lot of british people make the same , i think . 
  why would it be specifically north american . 
  i also has a hitler ring to it . 
   tactical voting to suppress the will of a large segment of a population is not a good thing . 
  tactical voting is what large segments of populations do all the damn time . 
  this is n't a specific anti-fn thing . 
  that actually sounds like a really good point . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i really hope you do n't actually believe you 're making a point with that . 
  what a pathetic comment . 
  presumably she did not participate for whatever reason . 
  maybe the guys thought she was unworthy or incapable of planning a murder . 
  maybe she 's all talk and no action . 
  maybe she 's not quite as retarded as to start planning actual murders . 
  maybe she simply was n't involved in that part of this mess . 
  or you 're right maybe it 's sexism . 
  definitely proved that . 
  ah , never knew that one . 
  albert heijn . 
  pretty sure the song was 16 miljoen mensen . 
  unless that was an updated form the song for that awful tv show . 
  the article did n't mention it ( [ this one did ] ( http://www.elsevier.nl/nederland/achtergrond/2014/8/dit-zijn-de-drie-opgepakte-jihad-ronselaars-1586633w/ ) ) , but two of the guys , presumably the ones with the heaviest sentences , were also suspected ( and apparently convicted ) of planning murder and manslaughter whereas the woman was only suspected of inciting hatred with the goal of instigating terrorism . 
  so she got off lightly because she does n't have the same share in the crimes . 
  well , sorry for interrupting your little crusade here but i did some googling based on the names in the dw.com article op posted . 
  the article speaks about 3 original arrestees , one of which choukoud , another his wife , the woman with the lower sentence . 
  which says ; all three of them were suspected of inciting ( hatred , presumably ) with the goal of instigating a terrorist crime . 
  the two men are also suspected of planning murder and manslaughter with a terrorist aim . 
  so the woman got a less heavy sentence because she was n't suspected of equally bad crimes . 
  furthermore , i am not exactly sure if the study your article is based on necessarily applies in a non-us context . 
  was it ? 
  i could n't tell . 
  that 's not what 's happening here though . 
  the map may be wrong or at least drastically overestimating various local movements but that 's not the fault of a random american commenter . 
  you are drastically underestimating them . 
  it is a legitimate political party . 
  however , i would agree with you that they 're not a seperatist movement . 
  they are more a federalist party who wants more autonomy . 
  toothyologists ? 
  but that 's a seperate issue , is it not ? 
  the problem is n't so much that it 's a violent book or that it 's a slightly-more-violent-than-the-still-ludicrously-violent bible but that people are too hardcore orthodox mainstream following-to-the-letter about it . 
   quran was the most violent does the exact degree of completely fucked up really matter considering that both are well in `` what the fuck '' territory ? 
  possibly because there 's an earlier , larger thread with a more descriptive title . 
  the article makes it look decent . 
  it 's not policy . 
  it 's an initiative . 
  there 's more to words and their meaning than etymological root you know .
