  i have no clue what kind of coalition to expect as iirc rutte was adamantly against joining up with labour but i hope they can figure it out . 
  thanks though . 
  well , afaik they called their subscribers their people , a site their territory and their moderators could exert power . 
  or maybe i just made that up , i do n't even know anymore . 
  it was one of those silly things . 
  would you consider sealand a state though ? 
  okay , cool . 
  thanks for explaining , that makes sense . 
  it did seem like one of those scaremongering bullshit rags . 
  now do a poll to see if the other states want bavaria to become independent . 
  could be funny . 
  there 's an online state around though . 
  or maybe it 's a nation . 
  probably does n't fulfill the requirements but hey . 
  that 's an odd thing to strive for . 
  looking at the video , i do n't think there 's any `` aims to be '' . 
  it 's just advancing that way because it 's a better alternative , not because of some insidious plot . 
  i like your explanation but it 's the article that makes the claims and the unfounded assumptions . 
  i ca n't figure out what `` sweden change people '' means though . 
  oh okay , thanks . 
  great spot too . 
  would n't `` prostituierte '' be more a verb ? 
  as in , she prostituted ( herself ) ? 
  seems a bit daft to sue over it and even dafter to get these words removed . 
  they 're suggestions * based on what people have looked for * . 
  it does n't intend to lead anyone to any conclusions and if anyone is led to any conclusions by autocomplete they 're being ninnies . 
  labour ( technically socialists too ) has been on an astronomical rise . 
  samsom , chief of labour has been very charismatic and witty , more so than socialist roemer and his ideas and views apparently are more popular too . 
  less extreme and anti-europe , so that might help . 
   at 5 and 10 donations you can get a mug or a pelican plushy , at 20 you can get a nice pen and at 40 donations you can get a big pelican plushy . 
  really ? 
  sweet . 
  i want a goddamn pelican plushy , so drain me , bitches . 
   i got a biscuit ( kaka ) ... ewww . 
  drugs hurray, 
  oh do n't worry . 
  just start and they 'll change sides when it 's looking good . 
  i do n't know . 
  i think they 're more likely to be familiar with the knowledge of the country they moved to as opposed to the , say , moroccan families i was thinking of when i wrote that . 
  it 's heart-cloggingly heart-clogging !, 
  i agree with you , but it is iirc an important practice for them . 
  i think part of it is the idea that you can not be a male jew if you have n't been circumcised . 
  oh yeah , that 's absolutely true . 
  my bad , i 'll alter it . 
  i simply forgot that possibility . 
  my bad . 
  i know . 
  that 's what i said . 
  holy fuck this is absolutely moronic . 
  it is completely pants-on-head-retarded , counterproductive and hypocritical . 
  instead of 35 % they need to go for a hundred !, 
  it 's bloody unrealistic but nowhere near as fucking arse * moronic * as using coal plants instead !, 
  use sun , wind , hydro and fucking nukes . 
  even nuclear plants are better than coal if you are n't stupid enough to freak out into utter goddamn apocalyptic paranoia !, 
  perfectly sensible too . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i agree with you , but that 's generally what it turns into . 
  islam has evil shit therefore muslims are evil . 
  it 's unjust and counterproductive . 
  i think it 's actually rather secondary . 
  it has an influence , sure , but that influence is greatest where it gets continuously reinforced . 
  like in a country that is strictly islamic . 
  in a country where that is less so the obvious dilemma is to radicalise or adapt into becoming less strict . 
  if they radicalise , they 're free to spout their stupid garbage because of freedom of speech . 
  it likely wo n't be taken seriously and is n't a problem . 
  if they do commit a crime , that crime is the problem and they can be punished for that . 
  if they adapt and are just decent folk who happen to be muslim then there 's no problem . 
  insisting they reform can cause some problems like them entrenching and sticking together more . 
  be open and inviting instead of damning and condemning . 
  yes , ofcourse . 
  they do . 
  like everyone else , but it 's unfair to point to their simply muslim as being the root cause for criminality . 
  haha okay . 
  it 's slightly pathetic . 
  i mean , i can see where they 're coming from but it 's not really fair . 
  rock on . 
  not far worse you mean . 
  oh right , you mean those sturdy dry sausages ? 
  i 'm not really a fan but i can see why some would find them appealing . 
  ah right , yeah . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't think they 'll quite rival the english breakfast anytime soon though . 
  ... deep-fried english breakfast ? 
  deep fried mars bar pizza . 
  intriguing . 
  have they tried this yet ? 
  what i meant to say is that you do n't count those who * are * religious but not loud enough for you to notice them being religious which leads to you thinking that they are always loud or else not religious . 
  my bad . 
  just generally fond of seamen , gotcha . 
  yeah , but that 's the point is n't it . 
  you do n't count the ones who are n't religious and you might end up with skewed results that way . 
  a sailor , eh ? 
  true englishman !, 
  that 's nice and all , things like rice , satay sauce and all sorts of herbs and spices are just as much part of dutch cuisine as kale is . 
  i was n't talking about anything specific , i was talking about it being a huge and very noticable influence . 
  you can get all sorts of dutch-designed fast foods positively slathered in oh so foreign spicy peanut sauce but it 's very much part of the cuisine . 
  when will mars bars finally be an accepted part of scottish cuisine !, 
  nope , i gots tasty tasty coolbest in my fridge . 
  :9 and i 'm sure the jerries eat more healthy things too . 
  just not at oktoberfest .
