  they 're physically marked after all which makes it easier to identify them but more importantly enforces a sense of connection with other cut folk . 
  but yeah you ca n't let kids decide for themselves if you want them to follow your plans . 
  who leaves atlantis off the maps ? 
  who keeps the martians under wraps ? 
  jesus christ , there 's a european council , a council of europe and a council of the eu ? 
  seriously ? 
  that 's kinda pretty retarded . 
  hahaha very nice . 
  elf valley ? 
  that is pretty badass . 
  not much you can ruin with nutella . 
  they 're probably oily enough . 
   this is why i buy milka . 
  where you eat 3 of those little squares in one go and then get more because it 's pretty tasty . 
  oh that 's bros here . 
  yeah , i did n't like their sudden switcharoo couple of years ago either . 
  eh , seems like there 'd be outrage regardless of what they did . 
  30 % hike ?!, 
   either you are a member or you 're not . 
  but that 's the thing . 
  there are other options than those . 
  lol , she 'll need it right ? 
  the daily mail is relatively young though . 
  older british newspapers that are still running are n't even nearly as insane . 
  * exactly the point * . 
  i thought it was on a bra at first . 
  i guess the same thing * could * legally happen if it was another trip or regular day at school but i 'm not sure if the school would 've made a thing of it then . 
  this is a special kind of thing so maybe they thought it warranted a special measure . 
  the title is cutting a few corners but the logic behind what happened is entirely believable . 
  kid had an unauthorized absence from school , which is finable , parents refused to pay fine , so it escalates . 
  visiting a mosque seems like a learnable experience too and maybe one the parents should 've had although it might 've been best if they 'd been allowed to opt-out . 
  regardless , the court thing is entirely believable . 
   you 'd need a male for every 6-10 females niice . 
  bananas d :, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kiwifruit#allergies ), 
  lol what discussion ? 
  it 's just a guy going `` haha i 'm going to be such a victim also dae < / 3 eu ? '', 
  olives are never a fitting substitute . 
  i feel like you are wildly overestimating the amount of homeless piss you are likely to encounter . 
  fair enough !, 
  then they should pay more attention to how they phrase things because saying `` it 's rigged '' is an accusation that there 's something malicious going on . 
  ... at least we * have * smaller parties . 
  what the shit dude . 
  gibraltards ? 
  amazingly , it was mentioned shockingly little in the debates . 
  . . why ? 
   the curiosity took over and i killed it . 
  i guess it really is true . 
  curiosity killed the cat . 
  why is everyone so obsessed with shoes ? 
  there 's plenty of time and opportunity to vote here and i would n't be surprised if some part of the voters go `` well , i guess i 'll pop in on my way home from work '' who maybe would n't be bothered during the weekend . 
  you usually wipe your feet on the mat . 
   not looking at it from the extra cleaning , wearing no shoes is just a lot more comfortable , why on earth would you wear shoes inside at home ? 
  because then you 'd have to put them back on again . 
  poor feet ? 
  why ? 
  just wear shoes that fit and it 's fine . 
  the far right half . 
  i figured it would be a van company renting out vehicles with the steering wheels hilariously misplaced . 
  huh . 
  lol that 's terrible . 
  no , you have to put them in a big bin so they can count them later . 
  and an ad for `` civilised car hire '' . 
  lem me guess , with the steering wheel all messed up ? 
  you mean the danish royals are german too ? 
  the way erdogan is going , that might just happen . 
  the turuk-hai . 
  i did n't know the turks were catholic . 
  the link is ... turkey !, 
  not really and not really ? 
  people in villages can sometimes have a bunch of chickens if they can be bothered but the only people raising livestock are professional farmers . 
  and the market for turkey is simply tiny . 
  uh , war ? 
  i 'd rather not . 
  tywin 's sole redeeming quality is that he 's dead . 
  everyone counts the jews . 
  death camps in poland are not entirely the same thing as polish death camps . 
  they were nazi death camps . 
  nah , it 's a way to show that it 's basically the same vowel , except longer . 
  `` bot '' ( bone ) has a similar o to english `` rot '' ( sort of ) but `` boot '' ( boat ) sounds a lot more like , well , english `` boat '' . 
   how does it compare to frisian ? 
  pretty much not at all . 
  i think `` ge zyt dood , hoerenzeune '' would be close to `` do bist dea , huorresoan '' modern dutch would be `` je bent dood , hoerenzoon '' . 
  the fuck 're you talking about ? 
  we know exactly what long term consequences it will have ; both jack and shit . 
  there are so many things that get changed and nobody is ever bitching about any imaginary potential long term consequences but yeah no it 's * totally * reasonable and necessary to do that here . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  do n't be disingenuous . 
  about damn time finland . 
   no , seriously . 
  italian coffee uses fewer frames per second ? 
  if you mix them up nothing at all happens as they basically mean the same thing except for gender . 
  and they even sound the same too so there really is no point in keeping them distinct . 
  i ca n't imagine french people reacting like that . 
  what a pack of turds . 
  a sentence telling everyone they 're a bunch of dicks . 
  get that stapled to their foreheads or someting . 
  the hague is technically not a city either because it does n't have city rights . 
  stavoren is the oldest city in the country with city rights stemming back to the 1060 's ( this place was a city or about to become one when william the conqueror came and williamed the shit out of england ) but it has only 1000 inhabitants . 
  and it 's not even the smallest city either .
