  there is no middle ground between `` independence '' and `` membership '' . 
  you 're either `` independent '' or you 're not . 
  no , you know what , you 're right . 
  juncker found common ground with british members of the european parliament ; britain out . 
  nobody understands the danish though . 
  not really a point against the eu . 
  which partially hinged on a fact which now no longer applies . 
  the situation has changed , which warrants a new vote . 
  scotland , at least in part , stayed in the uk in order to remain in the eu . 
  uk is now leaving the eu and poised to take scotland with it , which it explicitely did not want . 
  had the brexit movement failed and the uk voted to stay in , on provision that some of their concerns were adressed but that instead those concerns were exacerbated and the uk suddenly got quadruple the amount of refugees it already gets , would that not justify taking a new look at the previous decision ? 
  they could argue that it is a different situation what with the eu-membership , which would mean that catalunya , euskadi and whatever could only leave if spain were to leave the eu . 
  or nuclear landmines . 
  scorched earth right back at them ? 
  at least the russkies can handle winter conditions well . 
  if they do end up going a-conquering in norway they probably need to have beaten finland first . 
  north of norway is nice but not all that useful so they 'll want the south but that leaves a ridicu-huge supply line . 
  yeah !, 
  and i do n't think those answers come from him either !, 
  these guys are phoneys !, 
  only people who are n't funny say that . 
  they probably were . 
  it 's just that one side was still right . 
  really ? 
  i saw on / r/europe from at least one australian who was kinda pissed at this whole thing and at how britain seemed to pretending to be doing the commonwealth a favour because , obviously , they have n't been developing in their own way for the last couple of decades . 
  i really ca n't see a british empire mark 2 happening . 
  i dunno , i think there 's still a distinction between a membership fee and a tribute . 
  i do n't pay my gym a tribute either . 
  the payment is just to allow me the use of its facilities . 
  who are you arguing against . 
  understandable if you think your country made the wrong choice . 
  because why ? 
  even with all the diferent nationalities speaking arabic in europe , not even 3 % of the eu speaks it . 
  probably still more than latin proper but that 's at least easier to acquire for anyone growing up with a romance language , romance influences in their language and traditions of learning latin and romance languages in their own countries . 
  apathy , maybe . 
  an idea that it 's just not very relevant to them yet . 
  an idea that a vote wo n't make a difference anyway , so they smugly boycott it . 
  maybe they had different priorities , maybe they simply stupidly forgot . 
  there are smug cunts everywhere , always and on every side . 
  there are smug cunts being smug about the uk leaving and there are cunts * in * the uk being smug about how smug those smug cunts outside the uk are . 
  where . . where does hungaria come into all this . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying here . 
  ah , the art of subtlety . 
  were you feeling british or english ? 
  you gon na root for wales ? 
  except you 'd still be stuck with the realisation that france still made it farther in the tournament . 
  whatever happens , france has already beaten england . 
  although i do agree that france ought to lose to iceland . 
  i want to see a wales vs iceland finale . 
  even twistier plot than shyamalan 's entire oeuvre . 
  it just keeps getting better, 
  impossible . 
  the germans suck at cricket . 
  man that poster is all over the place . 
  an english poster blaming romania for a nightmarish eu , something about wales and it 's about language rights and brexit at the same time ? 
  what kind of schizo made it ? 
  aww maaan . 
  dragons are awesome . 
  and anyway , if nireland and scotterville leave then the combination wales + england can hardly keep using the union jack . 
  no st andrews cross , no blue background , no st patricks saltire . 
  they 'd only have the st george 's cross left and that 's no fair to poor wales . 
  at least use the green background . 
  that way you 'd represent a still-ongoing welsh-english union with a unique flag . 
  just keeping the english one would mean there 'd be no vexillological difference between england and the union . 
  and with no scotland there 'd be no `` united kingdom '' either . 
  : / honestly , i just want to see the dragon . 
  even if it 's just for the irony of having st george and a dragon on the same flag . 
  this is a group that needs be taken seriously though . 
  not the fringe lunatics , but all the people who voted for a brexit . 
  it 's a significant number after all and , even if i might think they 're utterly wrong , they should be taken seriously . 
  even if only to prevent similar attitudes in other countries from gaining too much traction . 
  i do n't think being condescending at people who are already feeling hard done by is particularily productive . 
  i mean , even if you see that kind of shit in the youtube comments does n't mean it 's `` most of the people '' . 
  jewlumimati-conspiracists tends to be the fringiest and most idiotic of fringe idiots . 
  in an already sadly not too fringe group of idiots . 
  he 's a pretty boy but those old man glasses make him look twice as old . 
  please no . 
   what will the union jack look like once ni and scotland leave ? 
  maybe you can finally put the red dragon on it . 
  i am both shocked and appalled . 
  there 's no way i ever saw this coming . 
  now the people who * are n't * trying to invade and conquer poland get stopped too !, 
  well i mean , jet propulsion is hardly fair . 
  le oops . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  jhemp , dinner is finished !, 
  go upstairs !, 
  did i get it ? 
  because the concept of a turnip farmer is completely ridiculous . 
  you do n't * farm * turnips , you * hunt * them . 
  they are much too fast and vicious to be domesticated !, 
  if it 's daily you go ` waily waily waily ' . 
  but at least it 's good honest ~ ~ english ~ ~ `` british '' ass cancer instead of that over-regulated un-democratic nanny-state eu ass cancer !, 
  the best part is that both of them are the type to use poison and backstabs so not only the loser snuffs it !, 
  it would be genius if it was satire . 
  d ) all of the above ? 
  that 's nothing . 
  you should see balaggis . 
  wow you brits are drama queens . 
  the only one even trying to remain somewhat balanced ( even if dramatic ) was the times .
