  we have the ` advantage ' of being within marching range of both france and germany ... 
   sounds pretty , uh , wrong . 
  based on what does it sound wrong ? 
  that looks ominous . 
  * includes chants in arabic which are understood to translate to `` slaughter the jews '' * sounds a bit different than a `` slaughter the jews rally '' to me . 
  i mean , a rally specifically about that ? 
  utterly terrifying . 
  a rally with some retards mumbling bullshit which may have meant something nasty ? 
  not as bad . 
  massive meme circlejerk . 
  but but but this clearly means the mods are liberal fascists all out to get us . 
  how do you do age tests ? 
  cut them in half and count the rings ? 
  no seriously . 
  how do age tests work ? 
  i assume there is something medical going on ? 
  we have a scapegoat . 
  let 's keep blaming it okay . 
  still different from selfloathing though . 
   european hugbox lol . 
  ca n't blame them for * that * tbh . 
  that gives me the hebei-jebeis . 
  none whatsoever . 
  do n't be too / pol / . 
  very subtle and mature . 
  clearly he misspoke . 
  basically became more of a meme than anything substantial . 
  meh , that 's pedantry . 
  close schmose . 
  they have one * third * of our population in a slightly larger area . 
  the density is shockingly low . 
  and great for pranking your friends ( and enemies ) . 
  out of 1,600,000,000 muslims , 1,000,000,000 are murdering radicals ? 
  that sounds super-duper iffy . 
  estonia 's flag is wrong on the interactive sidebar map . 
  it should be blue-black-white but it is black-blue-white . 
  both albania and montenegro are oversimplified but at least that makes sense . 
  yes , this next batch of weapons from herstal . 
  and putin has an approval rate of a 107 % !, 
  bitch being compared to the netherlands ai n't no downgrade . 
  benefit seekers . 
  welfare thieves , kick them out . 
  hah they wish . 
  the nordics are * almost * honorary dutch . 
  just need to do something about those mountains and the low population densities . 
  yes but that is bureaucrat logic and does n't actually hold up to any kind of scrutiny . 
  if , for example , the parents are found to be innocent , then legally there * has been no abuse * and therefore no grounds for the child to be removed from its parents . 
  the well-being of the child was then never in question and is only threatened * due to the seperation from its family and being thrown into the adoptive process * . 
  you 'll see red white and blue a lot in europe . 
  oh come on . 
  that 's an all too-easy scapegoat but i do n't think this has anything to do with any kind of progressiveness . 
  it 's sucking up , nothing else . 
  not saying it 's not kinda ridiculous to cover up statues , but at least quit the shit of pretending there is some kind of big bad boogeyman trying to destroy culture and hiding behind the name progressiveness . 
  yeah but dogwhistles are at least hidden and someone could conceivably pretend they were meaning something completely innocent . 
  whereas calling people idiots is directly undiplomatic and counterproductive . 
  he 's not , they 're not , we 're not . 
  it 's a minor temporary sucking-up move for some nice trade deals . 
  oh god that runner up is fantastic . 
  it 's not as if he actually designed that shit himself . 
  oh please as if the internet is n't crawling with `` omg nazis look so kewl omg hugo boss lol '' . 
  nordic crosses are lame-o though . 
  only barely more creative than a tricolour . 
  man i 'm just glad someone else thought of our flag . 
  yeah i do n't know which criteria they were using because they explained precisely jack and shit . 
  and groningen would still not have overtaken the holland area in a mere 12 years . 
  which statistics ? 
  could i see them ? 
  another criticism , i do n't think groningen is actually as wealthy as is implied here . 
  [ looking at gdp for example , puts groningen quite low ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_provinces_of_the_netherlands ) . 
  i think the number might be skewed by the gas production there but it 's not as if that region actually * profits * from that , as it all goes to the state who , in turn , puts it in the big cities . 
   every other nation had these features . 
  i do n't think the netherlands really did . 
  hainaut in belgium would probably have these same causes though . 
  i thought it was mostly a made-up internet thing . 
  the waves the usa makes , yeah . 
   i live in toronto but i was born in warsaw ; in other words , very corrupt . 
  arrite . 
  it looks like you do n't know shit about languages . 
  or about your keyboard , as there are three different letters from a different row . 
  dubious . 
  i 'm pretty sure friesland would have at least one area fewer . 
  anyone who attacks anyone basically . 
  with a big ol' fuck you black mark on any relevant asylum applications or however that shit works . 
  for whoever starts that shit , on a case-by-case basis . 
  it 's a damn good idea though . 
  i imagine there may be some muslims who believe that the laws they derive from the quran are more important than those of the country and that they therefore get to impose the religious ones over the national ones , but with a sentence like that they are n't actually allowed to . 
  a benchmark being executed ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  what is a benchmark in this context ? 
   if it was economically viable people would 've already done it . 
  i do n't think the argument is that simple . 
  presumably many people simply do n't care , do n't think about it or think it 's too much hassle or look too ugly or whatever . 
  yeah sure . 
  are they ? 
  i do n't know anyone who is . 
  smart . 
  hand out little condensed copies to every arrival . 
  hold them to it . 
  polish nationalism casus belli . 
  liberate your oppressed minority !,
