  i 'm sure you can get some good pizza with pineapple on in the hague , so good plan !, 
  ofcourse i would , what with all the polish death camps . 
   it with something salty and fatty . 
  so , dominos ? 
  this was indeed a very civil war . 
  yeah well , i 'd ban iceland as a pizza topping . 
  see how bjornsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonsonson likes * that * !, 
  pineapple is n't citrus though . 
  fairly sure . 
  i only know those two from russian class when i was in the us . 
  guess they were feeling rushed with their kneejerk hatred . 
  sure , but / u/marktplatz said it was pretty much the only source on it . 
  maybe it was , for a while . 
  generally so does this one . 
  generally this causes a lot of bitching though and at the time this seems to have been the only source . 
  well , i 'm sure the netherlands could arrange something ... 
  so does erdoganophilia . 
  the problem is that turkey 's government is suffering quite badly from erdoganomania . 
  lol realism , pragmatism and practicality on an international delegation ? 
  fuck that , let 's go offend the locals as much as we can . 
  let 's go to poland wearing a hat made of aborted babies , let 's send a gay couple to kansas . 
  saudi-arabia is not iran . 
  they both have quite some shit , but it does smell different . 
  `` articles 1 , 23 , and 45 in the saudi constitution only count for native/domestic women '' . 
  so she would n't be breaking any laws here , where this seems to be a consideration in iran . 
  it 's not exactly meek submission . 
  the hijab thing , okay . 
  it 's a stupid rule . 
  but by giving in on this thing , they can still deal with iran . 
  in this way they can still demonstrate that female politicians are capable and competent and * actually possible * which might have some effect in iran . 
  there 's a bit of a give and take here and though it 's not ideal for the swedish delegation , i do believe it 's a fair and sensible compromise . 
  pragmatism and ideology should go hand in hand during negotiations . 
  idly butting heads is not conducive to anything . 
  how so ? 
  there are probably going to be people who want to talk about it , even if most larger sources consider it a non-issue . 
  the only reason why this article exists ( and also why the headline is what it is ) because some people might consider feminists wearing hijabs to be ironic or to make some point about how hypocricy or how `` cuck '' sweden is . 
  i think it 's the correct decision to keep it up , albeit it with a disclaimer . 
  deleting this thread would effectively be brushing it under the rug . 
  even if i do n't see much to discuss , it should be discussed in the open . 
  the headline really is n't okay . 
  it 's just pouring on the whole `` lol ur lame '' rhetoric , simultaneously trying to bash sweden , islam and their bogeyman version of feminism . 
  a quiche . 
  they put ketchup on a quiche ? 
  the barbarians !, 
  or try to breach the walls if you have more siege equipment than time . 
  after a certain point , starving out a castle is n't going to get more effective . 
  but with a 100k army you could try storming it . 
  that looks bitchin ' . 
  ab european union condite . 
  yeah , ploumen ( the dutch politican ) just wants to cover the now created gap by setting up a different way of providing that funding . 
  so it 's not really `` nullifying '' the policy , but intended to nullify the expected effect of said policy . 
  lol their straight . 
  who 's the first ? 
  is it me ? 
  i bet it 's me . 
  wait . 
  it 's goku . 
  ... `` i have evolved so much , my political stance is exactly the same '' . 
  are burgundian passports russia ? 
  lol yes , downvotes on the internet definitely prove whatever you want them to prove . 
   you think rutte 's cuts on civic and language courses is going to make a difference for 3rd and 4th generation moroccan/dutch dual citizens ? 
  4th generation is a bit much but 2nd and 3rd generation may fare well if their 1st generation parents and grandparents learn to deal with their adopted culture better . 
  what was he supposed to do then ? 
  speak french in berlin ? 
  is he supposed to speak fluent german ? 
  how would that be affected by trade negotiations though ? 
  it 's not like you can retract it . 
  tom blom ? 
  yes , and no . 
  it looks like they 've been counted for the total number here but are n't included in the breakdown , so that 's a bit misleading . 
  belgium is a lot smaller than japan . 
  52nd , get in line behind puerto rico . 
  do n't forget to bring a towel !, 
  yes , old construction . 
  you know , most construction in city centres ? 
  very popular outside of city centres ? 
  people live in them ? 
  so what if they can only be detected by instruments , they cause very real damage and the area is n't getting compensated for that nearly enough even though a shitload of money is made from the gas . 
  [ yes , that 's fantastic ] ( https://www.bristol.nl/nld ) . 
  half the cars you mentioned are plain not relevant . 
  aerial is unknown , bristol makes shoes and nobody knows the cars , caterham does kits and that 's it , mclaren is only known for formula one and i 've never heard of radical before . 
   bristol fairly sure they sell shoes . 
  hitler also had a dog , drank water and was a vegetarian ... 
  britain should just switch over to welsh for internal communication . 
  no spy or informant or expert is going to crack that . 
  i do n't think this is really about individuals though , but about countries and societies in a larger sense . 
  if all your country * has * is a handful of people with highschool-level foreign languages then you 're not going to get much information from those countries speaking those languages . 
  but lots of people know english and are sufficiently steeped in it to make signficant observations . 
   then how much does it suck for frenchman who only know the french world ? 
  they usually know some english basics . 
  also , not a lot of people looking to mess with france actually know french that well . 
   nixon recounts in his new memoir debriefing the president that , during the interrogations , the cia 's interpreter would quarrel with the military interpreter : `` no , that 's not what he said ! '' that 's just unprofessional . 
  do n't go arguing amongst yourselves when you 're interrogating someone . 
   it 's just the default position that you do n't randomly mutilate people . 
  it 's not really random mutilation if you have a society backing you up on it , though is it ? 
  pretty sure hardcore circumcision-enthusiasts do n't really appreciate people slashing and stabbing at eachother all willy-nilly either . 
  at first i thought `` 2016,87 % is a ludicrously high percentage '' but i just need to wake up i guess . 
  at best it was a moral one tangentially based on religion but not a directly religious one , no . 
  you are correct . 
  by bad you of course mean pretty good .
