  ahhh nooo you delusional fucks . 
  this is how you * increase * tensions and hatred . 
  even if it were n't true ( it * is * true ) the current narrative is that charlie hebdo 's staff are the victims . 
  you do n't go blaming and shaming the victims of murder for being murdered . 
  you do n't give a posthumous justification for their murders . 
  this is the dumbest pr i 've ever heard of . 
  well , then their goals were too low . 
  hop to it , you still have five years !, 
  in english a komkommer is a cucumber and an augurk is a gherkin as far as i can tell . 
   rktos as in ursus arc ( k ) tos ? 
  dutch has `` komkommer '' for cucumber but calls a pickle/gherkin/gurken an `` augurk '' . 
  less edgy and less trying too hard to be funny is a good thing . 
  nobody cares about your stuff . 
  much more important is how he 's trying to claim windmills !, 
  more like a low-budget englishman . 
  do they get to lug around giant chainswords as well ? 
  sure , i can agree with that . 
  but that 's a different issue than `` if welfare then no homeless people '' . 
  not all who went there went to fight * for * isis , i suspect . 
  some went there to fight assad when that shit started and some might well be joining the peshmerga to fight * against * isis . 
  yeah he just looks hipster . 
   how can there be homeless people ? 
  because they tend to have other problems that are n't solvable by welfare , like drug addictions or mental issues . 
  huh , cool . 
  why ? 
  i thought that said `` dank je '' and you were thanking him for something . 
  nah me neither . 
  you might be right for all i know , i just think this sounds more plausible . 
  half of the balkans is in-between the eu and greece if you take a direct route but if you go through romania you 'll get to greece without ever leaving the eu !, 
  yeah , those jews should just accept that these students do n't want to hear their lies !, 
  ^ ^ / s ^ ^ obviously . 
  see , there 's a difference !, 
  well i doubt * that * . 
  broken spirit , sure , but i guess that has more to do with having your cities burned , generations of young men killed and the country completely knocked on its arse twice over in quite a short time span . 
  at least france can claim it was on the winning side both times . 
  i do n't think preventing the ideology or `` leftist paradises '' have anything to do with it . 
  depends how you use it , i guess . 
  i think it would be important to show the cartoon and life of brian or clips from it but given in a neutral context . 
  aka ; explain why they were used , what they are , what it means , explain what the controversy was and why but do n't take sides about it . 
  i did n't know they `` refrained from teaching '' . 
  all i heard was that the students refrained from accepting it and that , worse yet , the mentioned survivor feels afraid to give speeches in those classes . 
  as far as i know it should still be a standard part of school curriculum . 
  that 's because russia do n't care . 
  or rather , putin do n't care . 
  in germany it would have a bad effect on votes . 
  putin do n't care about votes , he wins with 99 % anyway . 
  and germany also had its buildings shot to it all over the country wheras that was mostly limited to the west in russia 's case . 
  it 's just too big to get a good war score against them . 
  de kaart . 
  een map is wat anders . 
  i was mostly kidding . 
  i 'm under no delusion that canadians are all by definition wonderful human beans . 
  weird . 
  why would she even want to do that there ? 
  if it was some kind of weird-ass emergency , okay , but this is just strange . 
  pfff , what pressure * is n't * it under ? 
  canadian nazi 's ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  [ rats , kuch en bonen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lu97v8h26oc ) . 
  mobilisation rather than marching song , i 'd guess it still counts . 
  aww man do n't be like that . 
  there 's more to liking military songs than rampant racism and nazism . 
  especially if you were to listen to those songs that pre-date the whole nazism business and even the concept of nationalism . 
  like [ j\u00f6rg von frundsberg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0szqsd0osoe ) . 
  hey at least they have the dual advantages of maneuvrability ( fuck this word ) and hygiene . 
  i 'd wonder how the hell they got through germany in one night . 
  eh , you can put a lot of these things in town but there are always going to be people who piss elsewhere . 
  and those things are usually only really close to the bars and clubs and such so if you have to piss while wobbling home , you still have to find an alternative . 
  in the netherlands you can at least pee in the canals . 
  a bit more hygienic . 
  and then it rebounds and pow right in the kisser . 
  do this in a tunnel , try to ricochet your pee off the first wall in such a way that it hits the wall opposite and comes bouncing back again !, 
  * you * need to be offended at this ? 
  the tenets . 
  not tenants you tardfuck subredditdrama op . 
  arg me mad, 
  i figured the comment was a reference to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ukfavyp3uu ) . 
  three is n't a whole lot and i was n't expecting them to change * all * their planes to warthogs . 
  it is also adorable . 
  and i do n't know if isis has a lot of things that require intercepting so i do n't think that would be a very common mission to fly . 
  but it 's mostly adorable . 
  increased spending is necessary because the netherlands does not keep to their nato agreement and the military is n't exactly on sound financial footing . 
   if that airforce mainly needs to clear out isis scum and other assymetric threats , the rafale will do . 
  but an a-10 thunderbolt would be better . 
  i do n't know . 
  compared to bigger countries like france and germany , one of these countries alone could not match them anyway . 
  working together allows them to become more comparable in strength to those countries . 
  pfff , it 's probably just another american awac who set up an adress in luxembourg for tax reasons . 
  haha i got it . 
  i was just making a shitty joke . 
  true . 
  looks cool though , although not very archaeologically appropriate . 
  still , looks cool even though it 's fake . 
  true . 
  tisk tisk you really need to learn to compromise . 
  depends on the sport i guess . 
  and as long as i do n't have to do it , it 's fine . 
  ice skating big in wisconsin ? 
  i have not seen those . 
  link ?
