  what a fantastically irrelevant remark . 
  not only * have * there been complaints , this is also in the past , not something you can blame a current redditor for and a situation entirely unrelated to this one . 
  yeah , true enough . 
  i think he was , atleast partially , joking . 
  i think you 're conflating two things here though . 
  they 're more than happy to apologise . 
  it 's just that they do n't see why they should pay actual reparations . 
  ah sweet , thanks for clarifying . 
  well , any level is one i ca n't contemplate . 
  no doubt american samoa will break free and become a superpower on its own as well . 
  so mexico is up and coming as the next global superpower ? 
  oh sure and i can agree with that . 
  [ france used them ] ( http://defensetech.org/2011/04/29/france-using-concrete-bombs-in-libya/ ) . 
  apparently , the usa has also used a similar method . 
  you are correct . 
  as i recall it was a french initiative as well . 
  you do n't need fancy explosives when just a lunk of rock will do . 
  i imagine it would also do well against infantry , if you manage to hit them . 
  and again , little collateral damage . 
  it might severely damage a building if you miss , but it wo n't explode it . 
  that ... that 's pretty pathetic . 
  like , that 's completely stupid . 
  what cards ? 
  i 'm talking about the texas link . 
  i was talking about link about what they do in texas . 
  i do n't see any cards being used there . 
  i dunno man , you 're the dane . 
  you 're a bit more of an expert than i am . 
  good points though , i was n't familiar with how you guys had set it up . 
  also , does `` overenskomst '' also mean an agreement in general ? 
  because in dutch we have the word `` overeenkomst '' which is pretty much just an agreement . 
  nearly exactly the same word . 
  i know precious little about russian ( just a tiny bit ) and i thought it was tozje so i asked . 
  they crazy . 
  yup , even in english they still sound silly . 
   why turn against each other now ? 
  because one of the goals they all share is `` not having to share power '' . 
  which makes a compromise or an alliance tricky . 
  humans would prob ` bly be dead long before the sun gave out though . 
  i do n't think there 's any such provision in any law though . 
  it would tacitly allow employers to pay wages below the minimum wage . 
  they * have * to pay minimum wage , so the workers * should * receive minimum wage and they therefore have no right to pay less tax . 
  cheap labour/drunkards/dangerous truck drivers . 
  all the in-betweeny bits spoke a spot of latin as well . 
  afterwards they were greekified , turkified and re-slavified . 
  the only somewhat odd thing is that romania kept speaking romance . 
  you are a silly people . 
  i am . 
  by not watching . 
   have to physically walk through one of two corridors to register their vote . 
  this sounds more like one of those quaint rituals you guys have though . 
  like knocking on the door three times ( although i forgot in which context ) . 
   i would give it to a friend i trust to vote how i told him to and go do more productive shit like get apple to build their next factory in my district that 's not what seems to be happening though . 
  they seem to be going around the hall just hitting whatever buttons are possible to hit . 
  they 're just trying to score for themselves . 
  only 5 minutes ? 
  that 's sad . 
  ah i did n't see them in the list . 
  i did skip most of it though . 
  heh i agree with the french front national and the bnp least , apparently . 
  sure . 
  but in this case they have the choice ; fight a war or starve . 
  it 's usually `` fight a war * and * starve , hey quit fighting back ! '', 
  would be useful if he managed to take guns away from the armed `` seperatists '' . 
  do n't think so . 
  in the case of the netherlands we 're in a similar situation but with indonesian instead of indian cuisine . 
  great stuff as well . 
  `` chinese '' restaurants tend to combine with indonesian cuisine here . 
  kapsalon . 
  kebab - or shoarma-based and it 's sooooo bad . 
  yet sooooo good . 
  heh do n't worry too much about it . 
  nice , thanks for the explanation . 
  i 'd be entirely in favour of mandatory inburgeringscursussen but * only * if they 're actually any good . 
  and preferably free as well , so as to maximise the amount of participants and minimise trouble caused by a mandatory course . 
  today i decided i will become a eu politician . 
  that way i can get paid very generously for wasting my time arguing with strangers on the internet instead of wasting my time arguing with pseudo-strangers in meatspace . 
  goddamn obama . 
  i did n't know our dear eu leaders were on reddit . 
  so is frisian but nobody ever counts us . 
  ; ___ ; and english * is * but only in two special locations ( saba and st. eustatius ) . 
  including the old people from the randstad who move up north for the fresh air and the peace & quiet ? 
   these courses are often mandatory ; are they any good though ? 
  was n't there a ruckus about shitty inburgeringscursussen with irrelevant questions and even flat-out wrong information some time ago ? 
  maybe needs some provisions though . 
  if i live in friesland , would n't frisian be perfectly suitable ? 
  do dialects count ? 
  that 's also a good point . 
  true , but you 're generally not the only person in a family working , after all . 
  in this case it 's often women choosing to work part-time , while the kids are at school or something , and the men working full-time . 
  or maybe they both have sweet gigs and earn enough by both working part-time , i dunno . 
  not having children is n't unlikely . 
  oops my bad . 
  \u00c9ire 's rock . 
  oh right , snorhaar . 
  it says `` financed by the eu , the province gelderland and rgv fietspaden b.v , a local company that exploits and maintains recreation areas and the bicycle paths inside those areas . 
  if i had to guess , the province would be the biggest investor . 
  it 's a bike that goes brombrombrombrom , basically . 
  there 's also the snorfiets . 
  `` snor '' in this case refers to the sound ; a kind of brrr-buzzy sound ( maybe related to snore ? ),
