the dolls are matryoshkas . 
  a babushka is a little ol' grandma . 
  you could try googling for them , ofcourse . 
  i should do the latter thing . 
  eventually . 
  check out the frisia stronk-heritage and have a nostalgic nationalism-wank . 
  do n't go there man . 
  do n't go there . 
  i 'm only an ollander if you 're walloon . 
  that actually looks slightly like bird droppings but they way you explained it all does make me interested in trying the proper experience . 
  west-friesland is coffee country , more 's the pity . 
  ** not frisians ** ostfriesen . 
  they 're ostfriesen . 
  this is actually crucial , because the larger population of frisians is coffee-addicted and in the netherlands . 
  bad adaptation aside , i need to experience the proper ostfriesian tea-experience someday . 
  had the experience-light but it 's clearly not entirely plausible . 
  patat is fries , a potato is een aardappel . 
  man why you got ta rub it in ? 
  i already * want * to play cossacks but i got too much shit to do . 
  you . 
  take . 
  deal . 
  yes . 
  best they can give you is a yak-40 . 
  you take deal , yes ? 
  awww that 's adorable . 
  kiiiiids , we 're eatin ' dinner tonight !, 
  not everyone loved russia but more people liked it . 
  i liked it better beforehand definitely . 
  quite is only one plus , very is double plus . 
  do you need some re-education ? 
  yes and you germans steal our bicycles so , uhh , the circle of life ? 
  shit , we 're the prey-nation then . 
  might mean there at least wo n't be tunisians flooding to europe en masse . 
  and the european community is eternally grateful to the assistance so kindly given to us by the oppressed heterosexual conservative russian minority in latvia . 
  sweden does . 
  i do n't think israeli foreign ministers do . 
  i 'm fairly fond of [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqcl6h2wnha ) but a more well-known frisian song is [ where are you ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=366ztb-2vbi ) . 
  can i at least have a free tibet though ? 
  oh yeah probably . 
  hyperbole sells almost as well as sex . 
  wow , that looks beautiful . 
  could be , i do n't exactly have a map of switzerland in my head . 
  if it was theft then it was theft * perpetrated by a privately owned company * . 
  not by the people of iceland . 
  they got * their * money back , which is great for them but does not mean they somehow leeched it out of britain or nl . 
  you mean like everyone else ? 
  remind me though . 
  it 's also a river that runs through switzerland so i thought i 'd ask . 
  and in my experience names including `` on the ... river '' are more common than names including `` on the meadow '' , regardless of jokey names . 
   i do n't know a single person who lives this way . 
  i do n't know a single multimillionaire but that does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  the cow pie on the wiese , i take it ? 
  i dunno , i 'll get back to you halfway through december as i 'll be in dublin for a week . 
  iceland never stole anything . 
  icesave was a privately owned bank that went tits up . 
  the icelanders are in no way responsible for the bank and neither are they responsible for the easy money some dipshits thought they were going to make by throwing money at the bank that offered the highest interest . 
  highest interest is highest risk and they invested their money of their own initiative . 
  haha yeah i can see all that happening . 
  this is the best thread ever . 
  spanish exchange students are adorable when they 're sitting indoors shivering just because it 's a bit windy inside . 
  eh , reporting seems a bit much . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's really about pride though . 
  solely seeing english in a europe-wide subreddit can be a bit dull . 
  oh , i thought you were talking about life expectancies or the amount of areas in denmark ( which i thought was weird because the netherlands seems to have more ) . 
  and it 's a thing pretty much everywhere . 
  i know it 's a thing where i 'm from else i would n't even have this flair . 
  uh , okay . 
  at least the french guy posts a translation along with his local gibberish . 
  hah okay . 
  sure , but i do n't think dutch is a lot better . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i must 've run into a dozen in a two-day stay in copenhagen alone though . 
  as well as sausage-stands inside , say , the airport that sold pretty much the same stuff as well . 
  i would 've also expected vermont to be somewhat canadesque in this regard but maybe they 're stuffing their faces too much with ben and jerry 's . 
  this explains all the polsevogns . 
  aura of healing leaking from canadia . 
  also woah denmark . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  only one area in green . 
  i know kobnhavn was swarming with joggers but they still seem to be in red . 
  hah , in your face groningen . 
  and new converts are always the most radical . 
  nice . 
  does it go well with a tripel ? 
   is the netherlands so bereft of cheese selections bereft only of goatsiness . 
  the place is swimming in cow cheeses . 
   i might have been stretching it a bit with the `` better '' part . 
  i misread the title as ` turks from germany ' . 
  sorry about that i thought you were serious . 
  awwwh , you welsh are so cute when you think you did something . 
  oh hurray !, 
  that 's assuming the seat stays in place . 
  i 've never seen anyone tell anyone they have to respect ` honor ' killings , arranged marriages or any such atrocity . 
  do n't be the daily mail . 
  one unrecognisably charred corpse beheaded by random bits of fuselage . 
  poodles are mean sons ' a bitches though . 
  no doubt it 's difficult for you . 
   noooo how are we going to keep up our image of being the bad guy in the eu when stuff like this happens ? 
  you do n't have that image .
