  aww , reference missed ? 
  have they checked outside ? 
   horses were and in fact are a big sign of wealth . 
  nobody in the uk was going to eat a horse where the very fact you own horses meant you were better off that someone who did n't . 
  now imagine someone eating a diet existing solely out of caviar and high quality horse . 
  why would you eat pork if you can use them as living waste bins or search for truffles with them ? 
  why eat lamb if they can produce wool if you wait long enough ? 
  not really . 
  i can disagree with their values and they with mine but that need n't be an actual problem . 
  oh that 's a nice map . 
  roughly anyhow . 
  they way you 've phrased it seems to imply that it was far more unified in 1241 than it was in 1542 but i 'm not sure that 's the case . 
  the 1241 map is a map of the hre . 
  the 1542 map is a map of the * states within the hre * . 
  are you in the same netherlands as i am ? 
  i do n't know anyone who ever gave a tip . 
  welllllll if you guys would adopt the euro you could have your very own euros-with-old-bint on them !, 
  and then we can play swapsies . 
  you can have some beatrices and i 'll take some qe2 's , okay ? 
   the english were always big on the balance of power . 
  exactly . 
  the british had the power and then france and germany could do the balance bit . 
  i had something more like [ this ] ( http://eschergirls.tumblr.com/ ) in mind . 
  silly person should not be allowed into any museum with any cool art no mo ' . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  blessed conspiracy terrorists . 
  edit : got a bit too vitriolic . 
  cleaned it up . 
  there seem to be some severe anatomical malfunctions there . 
  i mean , more so than is usually the case with ponies , anthropomorphized or no . 
  i imagine `` which is best '' would vary by situation . 
  cooler than volgograd ? 
  i guess iceland 's gon na need a good liberatin ' . 
  exactly what i thought of too . 
  in which case it * still * is n't an invasion but rather providing assistance to an illicit regime . 
  hah , there 's probably more people who think that . 
  the idea behind it is sensible enough but the current form sucks . 
  i know what it implies ( figured it out some time ago ) but it 's become really silly grammar-wise . 
  except it is n't an invasion , it 's requested aid . 
  and they 're not occupying the area , they 're protecting it . 
  an invasion is an invasion but this is n't an invasion . 
   they ca n't have their cake and eat it . 
  i dislike this expression . 
  what is a cake * for * if not eating ? 
  surely , it should be `` they ca n't eat their cake and still have it ( at the same time ) . 
  agreed with you though . 
  or dunglish . 
  bloody accent . 
   this is another huge military operation without a proper declaration of war or the consent of the parlament . 
  who would you want them to declare war on ? 
  they 're not fighting the nation of mali and they 're not at war . 
  true enough . 
  the giant oreo with milk was also a dead give away . 
  sure as fuck is n't greece which has a hell of a lot of austerity measures to deal with . 
  and the countries with an established welfare system like sweden , the netherlands and germany sure as fuck are n't doing the absolute worst either . 
  i guess you 're referring to either poland or one of the baltics but i 'm not entirely sure as you seem incapable of making a point of anything besides showing that you 're an ass . 
  and if it 's one of these three , i 'm willing to wager my left nut there 's something else going on besides just welfare = bad , austerity = good as we can clearly see it is n't nearly that black and white . 
   while the netherlands was officially the `` laziest '' nation in the world , with only 1,379 hours of work per year . 
  lots of part time jobs here iirc . 
   he does n't really look like a leader at all to me . 
  good thing he 's not supposed to be one . 
  he does look pretty dapper in his uniformy thing though . 
  i think part of why beatrix looked regal is because of the , well , regalia . 
  without them she 'd still be a lady and i think wimpie lex can manage being a gentleman too . 
   or is it because uralic is n't indo-european ? 
  that 's the pickle . 
  different language family . 
  hungarian and estonian are n't on this either . 
  that is 13 cm taller than the average american girl ?!, 
  jebus are you a country of oompa-loompa 's ? 
  1.75 would , i think , be pretty average for girls/women although i also know plenty around or above the 1.80 mark . 
  okay that 's nice and all but i was talking about my own grandparents in particular . 
  it 's fucking dandy that you are 34 and still have two grandparents alive but i 'm 23 , my parents are dead , my grandfathers are dead and my grandmothers dement . 
  i think he looks pretty decent in his 1992 portrait on wikipedia . 
  just a bit liver-spotty but that 's all . 
  hahaha . 
  how tall are you and where are you from then ? 
  that would be the difference between `` wound '' ( an injury ) and `` wound '' ( wrapped around something ) in scottish english , right ? 
  but yeah , i think diacritics would make a difference , yes . 
  even if only to show where you need to put the emphasis in a word ( produce or produce/invalid or invalid . 
  or even invalid , which is the lid on a jar of inva ) but as it happened , english pilfered a lot of words from a lot of sources but never bothered to add a citation to show where it came from . 
   so ... height increases the norther you are ... except spain . 
  and except for the fact that the dutch are n't more northernly than the germans and less northernly than the swedes and danes yet taller than all of them . 
  you 're still tiny according to my standards . 
  haha is goed . 
  i had to look up half your royal blighters and yes , prince philips looks old . 
  but i think he 's forgiven for looking old . 
  he 's 91 after all . 
   i mean read through this topic , it is generally assumed that everybody supports it and it is not even really something to debate i 'm dutch . 
  it is n't . 
  :p  start with your grandparents . 
  they dead . 
  or have alzheimers ' . 
  hey , atleast estonia is better than its baltic buddies . 
  hot wind and stink . 
  hey those are pretty neat . 
  do n't think it 's an unique feature though . 
  wie de neuk is thierry baudet ? 
  as a dutchie ; confirmed . 
  i 'm 1.85 and pretty much average/slightly below when compared to my peers .
