  agnostic merely means that you believe you ca n't know for sure . 
  so assuming that omnipotent god , i can not know for sure he * does n't * exist . 
  i 'm inclined to say `` eh , there 's no god '' but i 'm not making definite statements about * knowing * if he exists . 
  neato . 
  and then you forget the original duinkerken . 
  yeah true . 
  britain has the sea as a defensive advantage instead of the mountains . 
  if it ever becomes necessary they have a massive well-trained population to draw from . 
  population that knows the highly defensible terrain . 
  the place is riddled with bunkers , you 're gon na have a hard time actually rooting them out of their bit of the alps . 
  and 90 minutes of sleep , i take it ? 
  it 's a magnificient beast indeed . 
  iirc it 's much older than colbert 's televised whining . 
  oh interesting , the more you know . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  i thought islam did n't want stunning either ? 
  how does bringing their own priest help ? 
  but but but ... kapsalon !, 
  i 'd be even more inclined to say it if you had a specific other non-british flag . 
  atleast the dutch one does n't say ** ass ** . 
   after fleeing to lithuania they 'll never get him there !, 
  okay . 
  floods . 
  noobs . 
  why is your flair devon then ? 
  i still do n't care . 
  yeah . 
  i think it 's in case of emergency then you just say `` conscription 's back on lads ! '', 
  and then you have a whole lotta new recruits . 
  ofcourse , i doubt there 's any equipment for so many at once . 
  he likes to pretend he 's being persecuted . 
  i think the `` abstract leftist mantra '' is more `` we 're all different so you ca n't really make any generalisations based solely on gender '' . 
  at least , that 's what it is in my case . 
  sure , there are , on the whole , differences but i 've always imagined it as ... well , i do n't know how to explain it . 
  imagine a venn diagram with two circles . 
  one is labelled men , the other women . 
  both are vast and varied groups but we can group them together per circle because they 're all either `` women '' or `` men '' . 
  i personally believe there 's a large amount of overlap between the two circles . 
  maybe a venn diagram is n't the best choice here ( not what i have in mind anyway ) but i ca n't find what it * is * i have in mind . 
  regardless , assume the circle for women is on the left , and the circle for men on the right with the more `` masculine '' women on the right side of the left circle and the `` feminine '' men on the left side of the right circle . 
  i definitely belive some of those `` masculine women '' would end up further right ( if you can picture what the hell i 'm rambling about ) than quite a lot of men . 
   can men get pregnant ? 
  [ yes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_beatie ) . 
  nah , there technically still is one , but it 's not active . 
  i did get a letter when i turned 16 explaining that , yes , technically , there is conscription , but no , i do not need to go report my ass anywhere because attendance is suspended . 
  still dudes-only with regards to the conscription tho ' . 
  which i do n't think really matters all that much in this case but whatever . 
  hmm . 
   and is it worth it to spend money on trying to limit any new causes going in the air ( even if you get the us , china and india ) yes . 
  even aside from the a scientific consensus regarding climate change or whether it 's man-made or not , it still would be worth limiting pollutants because those things also have other effects aside from climate change . 
  lower the output of that stuff and you get cleaner more breathable air for one , which would help reduce lung disease just as an example . 
  hmm apparently not . 
  but i imagine there are quite a few people who * do * earn enough money to buy a big mac faster than they could eat it . 
  man , stalin was a dick . 
  dieu donne un honkin ' big pile of money to a destitute artiste !, 
  no , but it should 've had the damn museum open when i was there . 
  the tanks outside were okay but we drove quite a while to get there and then it was closed . 
  nicely dramatic . 
  though it does look cool . 
  looks pretty dutch to me . 
  maybe not holland , i do n't know , but we also have similar places up here . 
  although it 's slightly less brown and more yellowish . 
  there are still some swampy places . 
   that wolves would soon return to britain they 'd probably hitch a ride with all these boats full of immigrants . 
  i ca n't recall much of anything . 
  prague gets mentioned a few times in history books . 
  and there was a newspaper article or whatever that says the czechs drink the most beer out of any european nation but that 's not really something i 've learned in school . 
   are n't living in luxurious and safe mansions as promised . 
  gosh . 
   but it is n't a geographic indicator , it is . 
   the british isles are a group of islands off the north-western coast of continental europe that include the islands of great britain , ireland and over six thousand smaller isles . 
  put on more sweaters . 
  schweinhund is a pigdog ( swinehound ) . 
  schwein is just a pig . 
  ... that 's poorly-pronounced modern german for roman-era barbarians ? 
  and a siege weapon in seven kingdoms . 
  kisses your heini . 
  exactly !, 
  helped me learn english . 
  i think they think you 're * from * stormfront and that that last line in the other post means that you came over from stormfront to start shit here . 
  yeah !, 
  this guy 's a phony !, 
  we all know muzzie is actually a great green furry humanoid with a big round nose who likes to eat clockwork . 
  tssss . 
  oh , and it 's spelled * muzzy * . 
  that he didnt even know that only further damages his credentials !, 
  sure , but when i was newer to / r/europe and reddit in general there * also * was a sense of `` we 're being invaded by stormfront ! '' . 
  it * has * been going on for longer . 
  stormfront is a store with a storefront that fronts for stormfront ? 
  i assume it has a storefront ? 
  no further east than bad nieuweschans . 
  any further and it 's crawling with tatars . 
   why are n't we good enough for the other 3 % ? 
  they physically would n't fit . 
  oh god that 's a primo example of activism that does nothing but stroke the ego of the activist . 
  cut them into little sticks and then deep-fry them you mean ? 
  huh really ? 
  methinks i need to lay off the `` plentiful '' and hop over to the `` healthy '' though . 
   completely ignores other minority cultures . 
  yup .
