  should be somewhat obvious whether or not it 's manure . 
  edit ; hm yeah okay i can see why it 's now alleged manure . 
  however , is this really the best ( or even a correct ) way of dealing with things ? 
  one of the complaints i 've heard about the roma is that they home-school and that they 're disconnected from the rest of society . 
  if these kids are actually going to school , is that not a step in the right direction ? 
  flexing your political muscle and swinging your ego around seems counterproductive in that case . 
  dude seems to be taking it personally which is a bit ridiculous . 
  that said , he was probably justified in giving them an eviction notice in the first place . 
  and it looks like these roma did exactly what was required by vacating the specified plots of land so he ca n't really fault them there . 
  oh come on man why do you say these things ? 
  they add nothing whatsoever and are probably just counterproductive by pissing off anyone who considers their own grievances legitimate . 
  i do n't give half a shit . 
  technically they 're slavic and no descendant from alexander 's realm , but i 'll call them macedonia anyway . 
  either those or the bloody basques . 
  i have little doubt the actual murderers get anything but sent back or simply thrown in jail for the rest of their lives though . 
  it 's not as if they 're gon na be walking around with no problems whatsoever . 
  wait , i 'm sorry , have these things been actually proven yet ? 
  have they been through a court of law , have there been investigations , has everything been actually properly sorted already ? 
  this title is probably the most journalistically sound by not immediately leaping to conclusions . 
  i mean , i have little doubt that these muslims did in fact murder those christians but i 'd really like it sorted properly before i start howling for blood and i do believe the current title is the best . 
  clearly they were n't atheists then but rather poseidonists . 
  not so much in this specific country ( car ) but christian-extremist militias have formed without * any * muslim groups being involved though . 
  joseph kony 's `` lord 's resistance army '' for example is a sick bunch of motherfuckers . 
  i honestly believe both the extremist muslim as well as the extremist christian or extremist communist or whatever other militant rebel organisation has more to do with the countries they 're from being completely fucked up and in a state of perpetual civil war with power-hungy little despots trying out various ideologies to boss people around with . 
  ofcourse , there 's no obvious way to simply solve those issues and prevent more of those nasty groups popping up . 
  that whole mess will take years if not centuries to solve . 
  bit difficult to silence any story when half a dozen threads appear . 
  which is half a dozen-1 too many . 
  leave which thread up though ? 
  i did n't see the deletions but i did see 3 different threads about in a ten-minute period . 
  rather than saying `` deleted for racism '' , just say `` we do n't need more than one thread about this , you plonkers , go discuss it here '' . 
  so i 'm in favour of having a single megathread . 
  jesus you 're acidic . 
  they 're all the muslim mod . 
  it 's a qa'aba cabal !!!!, 
  haha i 'm 1 cm taller than you and the united kingdomese unemployment . 
  ( and i was gon na make that joke too ... ), 
  they wo n't get upoted if they do n't get posted , no . 
  and the vatican being a bunch of kiddy fiddlers is old hat anyway . 
  or rather that you know when someone is doing that about you . 
  yeah okay . 
  yeah but generally you do n't use a `` koe '' sound either with aquarium or quota . 
  unless you were trying to sound surinamese , i guess . 
  it 's akwarium and kwota when pronounced . 
  in my experience at least . 
  they got malta at all !, 
  however , they did not get frisian and therefore i want op banned and summarily executed !!, 
  you ca n't roll an r ? 
  what does that sound like ? 
   edit : just to clarify , i made this comment to point out that the french would never dare to pull a pr stunt such as this if they would think there would be actual consequences . 
  ofcourse not . 
  getting your top diplomats decapitated is generally not very useful . 
  well , not really . 
  it was in dutch and i do n't think the german would know that either . 
  ` sides , it was a reply to you so odds he 'd see it were low . 
  it was more of a bit of a lark to any random dutch-speaking spectator passing by . 
  ( and all the more incentive to learn more languages and show those ruddy continentals what 's what , eh ? ), 
  hahaha . 
  i thought mine was before his but apparently not . 
  `` no , but then you would have known what exactly he ( turminder xuss ) said '' . 
  i never said you said that . 
  * you 're right , german is useless and boring anyway . 
   seriously , almost every city that is n't named moscow or saint petersburg is a gray hell of crumbling infrastructure and depression that literally drives people to suicide . 
  yekaterinburg was kinda nice . 
  in some places . 
  the roads were full of mud , potholes , and muddy potholes though . 
  people had lots of remarkably nice cars but everything was muddy as hell because nobody washed their cars because it was n't worth the effort because they 'd just get very dirty very quickly again . 
  i 've heard about this though . 
  reputedly , putin was quite cross at the people in charge of approving that stretch of road . 
  so if p had n killed , it probably would n't have been over this . 
  yeah , i thought you could order a nice refreshing glass of toenails or something like that . 
  what a disappointment . 
  well , nobody ever said neofascists were smart . 
  blast . 
  http://www.dumpert.nl/ for pictures and videos and shit . 
  http://frontpage.fok.nl/ is a pretty sizable forum . 
  chemical warfare is of banned by geneva protocol . 
  the raf is back !, 
  well done russia !, 
  down with lazy uninspired humorless witless brainless hopping-on-the-bandwagon-for-cheap-karma memes !, 
  and finn the human !, 
  i do n't see how he 's relevant here . 
  he was n't murdered for being gay or for having a pro-equality opinion . 
  we need to make javert an anti-thing . 
  a non-thing . 
  nothing . 
  it sucks is what i 'm getting at . 
  it 's annoying enough on imgur , but at least keep that crap on the shitheap . 
  true . 
  sad . 
  still costs a bundle to maintain several palaces and elderly sailing yachts . 
  actually a good point . 
  i do !, 
  strikes back !, 
  vengeance of redbad !, 
  yes . 
  slightly hippy-dippy but there are certainly people who would say something like that . 
  because they 're in the government , not in the military . 
  why are you not going to fight isis like kurdish females ? 
  probably because you got other shit to do as well and you 'd rather leave it to the professionals of your country .
