  sure , i 'm not saying otherwise . 
  i 'm just nitpicking . 
  not even a pro bono lawyer or something vaguely similar ? 
  she should probably appeal though , this is daft . 
   planes do n't just fall down for no reason . 
  what a silly thing to say . 
  they do n't fall down for no reason , no , but sometimes they fall down for reasons not entirely clear and that may not necessarily have to do with russia . 
  i do n't think / u/cbfw86 was claiming it plonked down for shits and giggles but the simple fact of it crashing is not damning evidence that russia is shooting rockets willy-nilly into ukrainian airspace and flightpaths . 
  i 'll take your word for it . 
  i just thought it was noticable in this case . 
  nice , examples !, 
  also , nice , you can see the similarities in the finno-ugric family . 
  although i wonder why finland took a completely different route there . 
  good point . 
  epicaricacy is a bit less well-known though but i 'm unsure why that would be or why you anglophones did n't think of an english term for it . 
  although you could probably just use a term that 's more than one word for it . 
  hah i figured . 
  we also have those . 
  it 's just not feasible for one . 
  i still do n't see how but that 's at least a step away from your original statement . 
  dat is ek wol wier mar dat past net sa moai bij poalenbal . 
  afrikaners * are n't * european . 
  they 're afrikaans . 
  they 're no more european than , say , mexicans are . 
  or canadians . 
  they have strong cultural ties to the land they 're in * now * that 's the difference . 
  their identity includes the land they live in . 
  just like you ca n't plonk a swede into the amazon rainforest without feeling a little out of place , you could n't put an afrikaner into europe and expect everything to go okidoki . 
  how so ? 
  mexico has something of a claim to texas but you can claim independence without previously having owned the land . 
  if the texans wanted independence then they would n't really need a claim . 
  they 'd need enough supporting texans and a us government who 'd be willing to let them free . 
  yes ? 
  that 's not an explanation . 
  that 's not even an answer . 
  at best , that 's a buzzword . 
  dual citizenship does not mean dual loyalty and saying `` dual citizenship '' does not answer the question `` what do passports have to do with loyalty ? '', 
  what do passports have to do with loyalty ? 
  it allows me to get * out * of a country . 
  i would n't even * have * a passport if i had been content to sit in the same country all my life ( or , rather , the schengen area ) instead of wanting to see more of the world . 
  ai n't even care man . 
  i ai n't even care . 
  that 's ... actually a pretty good analogy . 
  though i 've heard texas is n't actually all that big on independence . 
  i mean , none of the states really are but some are more so than texas . 
   i 'm going to be the devil 's lawyer here ' t is devil 's advocate in ' t engels . 
  i think this line of arguments has been pretty silly but yours kinda takes the cake here . 
  the examples here are a foreign minority taking over and declaring independence . 
  as in , chinese people would n't need to found an independent chinese nationstate outside china because china still exists . 
  the afrikaners have been gone so long from their ancestor 's homelands that they 're a seperate ethnic group now . 
  they are not directly comparable to a hypothetical chinese group . 
  the afrikaners are a descended ethnic group instead of still being the original ethnic group that still has a `` home '' elsewhere . 
  why do they always pick schadenfreude and pretend it 's some super-unique thing ? 
  it 's not . 
  dutch , for example , has leedvermaak and i do n't doubt if there are more languages with something similar . 
  as long as you like beerenburg , all is well . 
  fair enough . 
  admittedly , it 's more significant than , say , the frisians in the netherlands . 
  venetian seperatists had a-teamed themselves an improvised tank once . 
  like vermont and hawaii . 
  is that really very significant though ? 
  ah oh right . 
  i was talking about using both to brake at the same time , just squeezing on both of them . 
  maybe i should 've used a different word than `` haul '' here . 
  i dunno man , that sounds very dramatic . 
  you can use both brakes at once to slow down but it 's not as if you suddenly force an instant stop on either wheel . 
  haul on both of them for seemingly faster stopping ? 
  i do n't know . 
   even by indian standards , woah, 
  clearly this is where the term `` holy shit '' comes from . 
  the brits probably took it during the raj and integrated it into the anglosphere . 
  well , not on reddit . 
  right , i 'll keep that in mind . 
  remind me if you can . 
  well i 'm shocked !, 
   it 's easy to quantify , and therefor put a number to , cultural diversity when measuring it in terms of ethnicity and completely lopsided . 
  sure , the usa has more ethnicities but ethnicities are n't the same as cultural diversity . 
  if someone is trying to toot their own horn about being more diverse then they need to specify they 're talking about race instead of culture . 
  claiming `` europe is not diverse '' is complete and utter bovine faeces . 
  ofcourse , i 'd be shocked if they actually used the words ; `` we 've been proven wrong , we 're fully in support now '' . 
  commietopia . 
  nope . 
  but that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  this is what the recent scandal was about , with occassional medicine-contaminated horse meat in the beef . 
  i 'm not saying it 's any sort of routine practice so i 'm not sure why you brought that up . 
   horse meat is a lot more expensive to produce than beef . 
  not if you buy deceased pets and racing horses for a bargain price and mix those carcasses into your meat . 
  those horses were n't going to get slaughtered so some unscrupulous git decides to sell the corpses to make a little bit of money . 
  price can be low else the corpses wo n't be bought and it 's not like the seller needs to cover a lot of cost . 
  in that way you get cheap horse in amongst your beef . 
  and that 's shitty because horses that were n't raised for food might well have a lot of residual medicine and drugs in them that would be too much for a human to handle . 
  i thought the discussion was about a bank robbery ? 
  how often do those heists happen and they actually get away with it ? 
  if they get caught , they find the money . 
  i think he 's making a joke , switching the `` disappointment '' around to the statue of liberty . 
  i might trot on over to the local leaning tower and take a pic-a-ture . 
  edit ; when do you need it ? 
  because i ca n't guarantee it 's gon na happen today . 
  britter * ftfy, 
  frying oil .
