  why not just europe then ? 
  nobody can speak flemish properly . 
  rare habsburger . 
  i would n't put the balkans in the same category as spain though . 
  that 's for sure . 
  you 're damn right we do !, 
  either to give a nice folksy touch to it or because they thought he had the most important things to say . 
  same here . 
  looks to be the politically correct strawman . 
  ferrie diffrunt from duts , dats foor sjoer . 
  aim terrieblie emberesset about de lest wan . 
  aim zo sorrie joe piepel hed toe lissun toe dat . 
  well , atleast he 'll be the cultural minister of * something * . 
  at the omeletteria ofcourse . 
  us dutchies have that too , amusingly enough . 
  it rhymes and is therefore better . 
  yes , i 'd love an omelette right about now . 
  haha , the world will tremble . 
  he 's being sent to work in siberia ? 
  hehe , guess putin is n't so chummy with him after all . 
  i dunno about that . 
   yes but when `` white evil people '' do these things , they do n't get any tacit sympathy from their community they also do n't get threads condemning any specific subgroup they happen to belong too either . 
  this woman is a psycho and a muslim . 
  her being a muslim is n't the main problem here . 
  because everybody else is doing it wrong . 
  well , yes , but it 's still essentially the same father-of-jesus god . 
  different ways of reaching himm but it 's still pretty much the same top dog . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 're generally askers in the netherlands but i 'm generally too chicken to actually go and ask . 
   ( can you say that ? ), 
  i do n't think there 's a law or rule against it . 
  perfectly valid opposite of `` overrated '' . 
  and because i never go to the beach . 
  all the better for us . 
   no noisy germans on the campsites and they pay more too !, 
  they 're basically the number one stereotype here anyway . 
  or were , i dunno . 
  never personally saw them but there do seem to be an awful lot of german students/tourists in this town . 
  with a list like that , i do n't think you can accuse anyone of being rude . 
  the only one we have is that you 're dumb and nobody really uses those anymore . 
  i 'll introduce a new one : belgians are mean . 
  err , that 's not exactly particularily remotely true either . 
  like , at all . 
  up north ? 
  yep , here too . 
  not everybody but plenty of people do so too . 
   who invade our mountains every year with their trailers . 
  i 'd say it 's payback for you-know-when but more accurately it 's a way to balance out the annual german invasion of beaches . 
  i 've been lied to . 
  i thought you guys had it all figured out up there . 
  huh okay . 
  last year over here a railroad switch had frozen solid , amongst other things . 
   train delays aka the big train screw up of every winter . 
  really , you guys have that too ? 
  i mean , it makes sense in sweden but the joke here is that it 's ridiculous that we ca n't get it right ( the netherlands ) but that countries like sweden simply plough through meters of the stuff . 
  that 's pretty awesome . 
  as for your northern neighbours , hi , there really is n't a discussion about anything . 
  just whinging about the budget and europe and the budget and europe and , to spice things up , muslims and moroccans . 
  not as far as i know . 
  not amongst my fellow students anyhow , and we 're in the capital city of the province , so ... 
  i do n't have the idea it 's ever been sizable for the last few decades though . 
  brilliance !, 
  that 's kind of cool . 
  great how the farmer picked up on that . 
  some of the words he used were n't really the right ones to use though . 
  i 'm not sure if there 's an equivalent for `` keapje '' in old english , but if he had used that it would 've been a lot simpler . 
  please tell me the little brown spot in the north of the netherlands is still frysl\u00e2n . 
  horse humpers ? 
  how so ? 
  mof and fransoos are used in the netherlands too . 
  as well as spanjool . 
  `` hollander '' is used from a regional perspective too . 
  yep . 
  maybe not so for people around you . 
  i dunno man , chopsticks are pretty good for grabbing objects . 
  a fork needs to pierce into it ( or shovel underneath it ) and if something is hard and round both options are difficult/hilarious . 
  probably not with individual grains . 
  also amusing . 
  there is no blacked out text . 
  it 's a blue text , just like a link . 
  there 's nothing spoiler-y about it . 
  do you need a plug-in of some sort because for me it 's just a link to a `` page not found '' . 
   norwegians and dutch have very similar food habits . 
  could be , i do n't know . 
  lots of mashed potatoes and [ things like this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stamppot ) or [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hutspot ) i take it . 
   i imagine there 's a bit more of an indonesian influence ( satay sauce , yum ! ), 
  over here too . 
  your link does n't work . 
  also , so ? 
  as a dutchie , that also happens here too . 
  bacon , apple , powdered sugar , cheese , jam , sugar , applesauce . 
  i 've mostly had pancakes for dinner and on a few occassions as a festive treat on a birthday party . 
  you should try that with m&m 's . 
  i thought it was frietje vrede or something similar . 
  looks good . 
  well , atleast you have a source . 
  what ? 
  the dutch do n't , that 's for sure . 
  we learn about north-america and south-america as seperate continents . 
  genetically they 're all the same anyway . 
   i ca n't think of anything positive to say about berlusconi , i can .
