  i know i just compared this whole business to a mountain range , but i could compare it to a family too . 
  are you a part of your oldest brothers ' sibling continuum , or are you both part of the `` your family '' continuum ? 
  bit odd to still call him a revolutionary . 
  dude was firmly entrenched as the single power in cuba for the past 5 decades . 
  ooooooooohhhh saaaaay caaaaan you seeeeee, 
  that 's cheating . 
  france has natural stone deposits , the netherlands does n't . 
  even most of our medieval castles were made of bricks because stone was prohibitively expensive to import and stone does n't work well against cannons firing at a flat trajectory anyway , hence why star forts even exist . 
   de jonkheer is also dutch and basically means the squire . 
  well , not entirely . 
  a squire is someone learning to be a knight . 
  jonkheer is a hereditary honorific of nobility . 
  i guess it 's comparable to `` esquire '' , but i do n't think `` jonkheer '' as a name is translatable to `` the squire '' . 
  and apparently there 's a difference between an `` honorific of nobility '' and a `` noble title '' . 
  if you 're a jonkheer you have the honorific and may call yourself `` jonkheer something something '' but if you have a title then it 's `` something , ridder/baron/whatever of something '' . 
  so this is all pretty interesting in a completely pointless kind of way . 
  also interesting and much more relevant ( ahemhem ) is that there are a bunch of dutch names in baldur 's gate 2 as well . 
  in the umar hills there are two people with the surname `` hendrick '' , a young girl named `` kaatje '' and two names that sound a little dutch-ish , groos and jermien . 
  i 'm not sure what this has to do with olmec religious imagery . 
  no no . 
  they 're meming . 
  you just do n't get it , man . 
  edit : [ link ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/serbia-strong-remove-kebab ) , search for `` remove kebab '' . 
  yes , i can see it in action right here . 
  it 's not an anti-uk thing , it 's a humorous observation that the company has apparently already changed that icon . 
  a completely trivial thing that nobody spent a single second of their attention to and yet it 's been changed . 
  it 's just a funny thing to notice . 
  on my birthday ? 
  rude . 
  or are we dancer ? 
  they only call themselves that to distinguish themselves from wedge . 
  they do n't want any trouble with the empire . 
  forget about frankfurt oder was ? 
  frisian , aside from scots , is closest to english . 
  dutch itself is closer to german than to english . 
  well , exactly . 
  you 're either a member or you 're not a member with varying levels of not being a member . 
  there are more than two options . 
  well , it 's definitely better than varying shades of shit and mold . 
  the water flows into our country well and truly polluted . 
  that 's more to do with the ruhr-area than with us . 
  and i agree with out on the green and life and such , i 'm just ( slightly facetiously ) saying it 's a lot easier to organise things if you have the space to organise them in and a lot fewer people to organise them for . 
  exactly !, 
  that 's how well-governed it is . 
  just settle in a place where you know the roads will never suddenly collapse out from under you without warning . 
  that 's foresight , that is . 
  much like finland then , ha-hyuck hyuck hyuck . 
  other way round . 
  if * they * go on like this maybe one day they 're allowed to suck up to us . 
  i mean , those population densities are * pathetic * . 
  say what you want but at least both mordor * and * the brotherhood of nod have a strong leader . 
  and the orks even have millions of those !, 
  in the netherland we would n't even get sinkholes . 
  it does n't even have any guttural sounds you can really exaggerate !, 
   edit ( for those simpletons who think i mean literally in their dna you being unable to communicate does n't mean everyone else is stupid . 
  nobody thought you meant it literally , but even figuratively it made little sense . 
  then why the standard over-dramatic `` let 's pretend the germans are trying to institute an empire '' title ? 
  but in a 150 years we 'll still have the ones that are now 300 years old and in sound condition . 
  those are n't even half as bad as some of the others posted . 
  just being big is n't bad . 
  nerves , apparently . 
  unrelated accident . 
  i feel like it 's pretty unusual though . 
  going home after 7am is shockingly late to many people . 
  where did he think he was , virginia ? 
  i thought she was queen of wales as well ? 
  do n't be silly , that 's way too much queening for such an old lady . 
  that does n't look like maxima at all !, 
  sure , but the topic here is terrorism so that 's what i was talking about . 
  that 's still pretty optimistic . 
  err what ? 
  germany has definitely had homegrown terrorists . 
  i 'm talking raf and nsu . 
  why are you making a distinction between `` homegrown attacks from right - or left-wing cunts '' and `` homegrown terrorists '' . 
  they were clearly terrorists . 
  must 've gotten things mixed up then . 
  i thought they lost their ability but i 'm not sure why i thought that . 
  and anti-tank guns still suck considering i 'm going to have actual infantry * anyway * , upgraded from earlier troops . 
  not really what i 'm saying , but fine . 
  my point was more that if they 're afraid of terrorists , they should n't have * anyone * in their gym . 
  and i feel like `` banning non-germans from joining gym '' is a different issue than `` not allowing in more refugees/immigrants '' , so i 'm not really sure why you respond the way you did . 
  as long as it 's not built on collision ha-hyuck hyuck hyuck . 
  helicopter gunships do n't have the hilarious knock-back though . 
  and anti-tank guns are just terrible with their lack of mobility . 
  i always thought that was a foolish metric . 
  one man with the single most ultimate pointiest of all sticks ca n't hope to prevail against an army of people with marginally less point sticks , surely ? 
  so it 's not about the pointiness of the sticks , but about the quantity of pointy sticks . 
  hell , even a non-pointy stick is quite dangerous enough . 
   getbuffedinamonthland oh shit yeah actually . 
  as long as you mean `` get buff '' . 
  i 'm not sure what getting buffed means as i 'm not a flat metal surface . 
   an take all of the europe in just 3 days . 
  and how much time will y' all need to redefine the concept of `` day '' ? 
  but i am le tired ... 
  `` europe '' ? 
  a shield . 
  obviously . 
  lol yeah because germany has never had home-grown terrorists . 
  wicky is n't even icky . 
  it 's just meh .
