  hey no problem . 
  i think it 's due to it being the capital , yes . 
  or maybe they just wanted to add just one territory to the hre and it just so happens it was my capital . 
   let us know what his response was !, 
  right , update !, 
  austria had been insulting me a bunch of times so relations were n't good enough to even attempt it . 
  they eventually declared war and overwhelmed me . 
  i had to give up two vassals and release three nations and afterwards they claimed my throne . 
  clearly , that did n't go well . 
  however after that war * every elector * was poised to vote for brandenburg . 
  so i started sucking up to b'burg instead . 
  brandenburg became emperor and i applied to join the empire with two states ; memel and my capital ostpreussen . 
  despite my being far bigger than brandenburg they accepted my capital 's application . 
  with that , i am officially in the hre which removes the 25 points `` not in the hre '' malus for the electors . 
  the emperor refused memel but that does n't really matter . 
  surely cnn should be able to handle that though ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there are plenty of non-imbeciles in your country who get it right . 
  it 's just unfortunate that none of those were around to notice and correct the mistake in time . 
  yeah . 
  maybe he has an excuse , i do n't know . 
  that was really stupid . 
  fun fact , `` lul '' is an actual word in dutch . 
  it means dick . 
  it 's insane , really . 
  denmark is a tiiiny bit bigger than the netherlands . 
  has half our population . 
  scotland is four times as big as the netherlands . 
  has a total population of a meagre 5 million . 
  sweden ? 
  ten times as big as us . 
  only 9 million . 
  estonia too . 
  we 're at 41.500 square km . 
  roughly . 
  estonia is at 45.000 square km . 
  we have almost 17 million people . 
  estonia has barely 1.2 million . 
  the dutch call it tsjechi\u00eb too . 
  which is pretty much czechia . 
  it 's just that english has to be silly about it by calling it `` the czech republic '' . 
  and do n't even get me started on the capitals . 
  yeah , that 's the one . 
  i know which speech this is and it is great . 
  this is the one with `` the neck of you ( people ? 
  ) '' , right ? 
  come on , be fair . 
  he 's not even saying that * now * . 
  i get that you get downvoted on certain things . 
  it 's still silly , but i get it . 
  but downvoting this kind of comment is just petty and entirely too witch-huntery . 
  you 've been found guilty of great eeeevil by association i suppose . 
  because they 're eeeeeeeeeevil . 
  like the police !, 
  fuck them i tells ya !, 
  fuck 'em with downvotes !, 
  which is pretty fucking bullshit too . 
  what he may or may not have done on politics , canada or europe is irrelevant for a post in offbeat or where the hell ever . 
  biggest lynchmob ever i suppose . 
  not just content with some bullshit drama in subredditdrama about bulslhit drama in europe , he feels the need to add some more bullshit thread in a thread about bullshit drama in subredditdrama about bullshit drama in europe . 
  shit 's fractal . 
  and fucking retarded . 
  not in murica it is n't . 
  yeehaaaw . 
  worse yet , you can never get rid of them properly . 
  it 's not a hail of fire and brimstone . 
  it 's a hail of glitter and sequins . 
  it 's awful . 
  hey , my fridge has a freezer unit !, 
   `` the dutch are always right , but seldom relevant '' is a famous saying in european diplomat circles . 
  he 's making fun of the noisier kind of idiot who happen to be american . 
  he 's not saying the entire nation is swarming with frothing homophobes , it 's just that you have quite a few really noisy ones . 
  it 's the noisiest one though so it attracts the most attention . 
  russia , iran and pretty much all of africa ( except sa ) and the middle-east are a lot worse though , true . 
  man , even just the belgians ca n't share the same country . 
   what 's taking them so long and what are they discussing about ? 
  the rest of the world does n't exist so you do n't need to go looking at where it already exists , you silly billy !, 
  all that matters is my doomsaying about our beautiful country !, 
  but * what * causes these problems ? 
  the actual lesbianity of the parents or other circumstances around it like the aforementioned lack of social support ? 
  i mean , you can bold things all you like but the context is still there . 
  they 're saying that there are differences , yes , * but where do these differences come from * . 
  edit : [ also , it has an agenda ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ciqg2/reflecting_on_12_years_of_gay_marriage_in_the/c9hmg6j ) . 
  i 'm aslo quite fond of planet history although i still need to finish it . 
  dutch has `` beschoten '' ( shot * at * ) , `` neergeschoten '' ( shot * down * ) and `` doodgeschoten '' ( shot * dead * ) . 
  although it 's still technically possible for someone to die after being shot at or down . 
  haha could be . 
  i do n't really know . 
  i now live in a place with a ceiling at 3m high so that one 's more than fine ( impractical even as i ca n't replace the lightbulb ) . 
  funniest thing too is that frisians are iirc the tallest of the dutch too . 
  except we 're taller than all them scandilandians . 
  i mean , it 's close but they do n't quite measure up . 
  hah , cool . 
  combine the two and add more into a giganto-megamod . 
  :p i 'm busy with a post over there though . 
  good point . 
  although it does feel a bit odd to mod the game just for one faction . . :p, 
  ... dude . 
  inglin i suppose . 
  mein deutsch is scheisse , ja . 
  i 'm actually pretty comfy where i am already .
