  yup !, 
  there 's also / r/frisia but it 's not very active . 
  eurovision song contest winner . 
  and he 's my brother and frisian , so there . 
  there 's also / u/byzantinedragon , / u/diepfries , / u/potverdorie , / u/het _ bestemmingsplan , / u/greatpier and , no doubt , a bunch more . 
   : c there 's at least a dozen , just on reddit . 
  haha there 's quite a few on reddit actually . 
  haha that 's bad . 
  take your time , sebia . 
  get whatever shit you have together , always a good idea . 
  hah yeah i figured . 
  hah i think it 's russian . 
  i know a tiny bit of russian ( and no welsh at all ) so the last bit stood out like a sore thumb . 
  by the end they say `` dobry vecher '' ( it 's very difficult to transliterate , especially because i 'm trying to convert it to a phonetic version of a language that 's not my first ) , which means `` good evening '' . 
  and after that they say `` na/za zdravee '' , twice , which is a `` cheers '' , like you say when you start drinking . 
  a toast , in a way . 
  iirc , it means something like `` to your health '' . 
  fair enough i guess . 
  is n't the place crawling with johns smith though ? 
  why treat them as adults if they 're not adults ? 
  does n't that make the entire distinction completely pointless ? 
  it sounds suitably kitschy yeah , you might have a winner there . 
  edit ; welsh with some random russian by the end ? 
  maybe the yank variety . 
  i 'm a republican solely because i do n't like the idea of monarchy . 
  does n't look too awful actually . 
  huh okay yeah , makes sense i guess . 
  amazing . 
  it just kinda clicked when i read it . 
  true . 
  ofcourse i know . 
  i am french , there 's nothing i do n't know ? 
  is that what you said ? 
  my french is ` orrible but i think i picked up on what you said here . 
  yeah , that was super pathetic . 
  because the ebu , which is behind the festival , was based in geneva , the * french * - speaking part of switzerland . 
  it started out as french ( because that 's what its creators spoke ) and english . 
  better yet , instead of having everybody speak english , have * nobody * speak english . 
  see how you manage a foreign language just this once , brits . 
  to be fair , it 's the eurovision song contest , not the anglospherovision song contest . 
  really ? 
  okay . 
  everybody above a certain age ( which is below voting age ) has to have one . 
  you pay for it yourself although iirc there had been a lawyery ruckus about being mandated to buy something the government sells although i do n't think that had a noticeable effect . 
  as far as i can tell you still need to pay for them when your current one expires . 
  hah i often have the same problem . 
  but i think the problem was that i was rather shocked and skeptical of what you said * and * that it seemed a bit flippant . 
  because the thing of just showing up to a vote without id still sounds really odd to me . 
  man lithuania , you used to be cool . 
  well your statement sounded a bit , well , flippant . 
  but fair enough i guess . 
  that 's interesting . 
  the netherlands lost an a in the s & p ratings . 
  that sounds sarcastic/exploitable . . 
  the core word , so to say , of antidisestablishmentarianism is disestablishment . 
  that is , the dis-establishing of an official religion , with the goal of creating a seperation between church and state . 
  an anti-disestablishmentarian is someone who is * opposed * to seperating church from state . 
  antidisestablishmentarian - * ism * is the general term to describe the political movement of antidisestablishmentarians . 
  in the same way that `` liberalism '' could be seen as a general term to describe the political movement espoused by liberals . 
  or communism for communists , and so on . 
   squirell and you ca n't write it . 
  lol comrade fuhrer and comrade hitler . 
  the first one says `` blitzkrieg 's triumph '' but what 's the second one ? 
  i meant to say `` couple of hundred years '' , to mirror your own comment . 
  i just accidentally a few words . 
  and england at the time only a hundred years removed from being a roman colony . 
  a couple of hundred years can be * massive * . 
  and the inhabitants of england at the time were only a couple of hundred years removed from being bloody krauts . 
  well are n't you the poor misunderstood victim . 
  wait wait waaaiaiaiait hold the fuck up . 
  celtic , basque , * italic , frisian and saxon * in one go ? 
  that 's a very broad category . 
  especially too broad to claim they 're mostly celtic . 
  i mean , the saxons rather contributed a bit to the * anglo-saxons * and frisians * also * moved over there . 
  that there 's a large percentage of that group in britland does not necessarily mean celts are any sort of majority . 
  edit ; the way you phrased your statement with regards to the map implies * half of europe is still predominantly celtic * . 
  now they no doubt still have massive influence in ireland , britain , france and to some extent belgium , but the netherlands ( frisians and saxons ) , denmark and germany ( saxons and frisians ) , switzerland ( italic and saxons ) , italy ( italic ) , spain and portugal ( mix of basque , celtic and italic ) are * not * predominantly celtic . 
  more so of the french . 
  tactics-wise at least . 
  every man and his dog went around with shieldwalls but the normans got their battle-winning cavalry from french traditions . 
  the first part screams `` unhinged lunatic '' to me already . 
  after that it 's just a further descent into bullshit . 
  germany is very much part of the west . 
  they keep wanting to put me in krautland . 
   you know , ass to ass this is called a moon landing . 
  was this made by hoppybees ? 
   netherlands number two on the list . 
  i do n't think they matter as much as you think they do . 
  these shariassholes have stupid opinions but they 're allowed to have them . 
  nobody takes them seriously in terms of political clout . 
   americans considered someone with 5 kills an ace while you were n't even in the top100 german pilots with less than 100 . 
  you are comparing two different things here . 
  and i doubt your claim anyway . 
  if a 100 kills was barely enough to get you on a top 100 list then you 're saying the krauts had at least a hundred pilots who took out a hundred allied pilots * each * . 
  combined these 100 pilots would 've had 10,000 kills . 
  yeah right . 
  it does look cool , yes . 
  did n't the russians do the same ? 
  as in , they intentionally crashed their planes into and through that of their opponents ? 
   well nobody complained when the united states spent the better part of the last sixty years monroe'ing the shit out of latin america and the pacific .
