  i mean , since we 're talking about latin here , `` italy '' means more than `` land of young cattle '' these days . 
  i strongly get the impression that the whole `` super progressive at whatever cost '' is more of an internet meme than actual reality . 
  i do n't think that 's the intent either . 
  real gender equality would let men and women both talk about women 's and men 's issues . 
  not just keeping people in whatever boxes they currently fit . 
  i do n't think this woman is trying to tell `` us '' what `` our '' problems are . 
  nor do i see how the phrase `` tablescraps '' ought to feature anywhere in this thread aside from you trying to wring out some points for being a dramaqueen . 
  i do n't think you 've read the article , i do n't think you 've read my post and i certainly do n't think you actually tried to understand what i was trying to get across and instead just revert to knee-jerk hollow phrases . 
  from vikings to gay muslim feminists obviously . 
  yes , using pictures from a bunch of `` look at me , i 'm in on this too , i 'm hip ! '', 
  people in one of the biggest circlejerks in the whole world is actually an argument against what was said . 
  well done . 
  i do n't understand your reply here . 
  they are not saying everyone should just be howling and bawling all the time , they 're only suggesting that there are better ways of dealing with it than by saying `` you ca n't have emotions , you 're a guy '' . 
  nothing automatically creates good discussion and nobody was saying it would . 
  this does not mean there ca n't be merits in a reactionary side to an argument nor does it make those opinions automatically invalid . 
  i would contend that a certain reactionary element might even be better for a discussion than none whatsoever . 
  it might be all too easily for people who want to improve the world to neglect building a sound basis from which to work . 
  wait . 
  did you read the article ? 
  because it seems like you have n't and you 're just spouting off buzzwords now . 
  the feminism proposed in the book as described by the article is the feminism of gender equality , that there are issues with gender that affect everyone and how to tackle that . 
  it might exactly be that in the book . 
  it might not for once be reddit 's bogeyman . 
  it might actually be actual feminism . 
  and it might well be an effort to try to integrate refugees and try to stop islamic radicalisation . 
  hell , according to the actual article ;  `` my own definition of a feminist is a man or a woman who says , ` yes , there 's a problem with gender as it is today and we must fix it , we must do better , ''' writes adichie in the essay . 
  `` all of us , women and men , must do better . '' `` some people ask : ` why the word feminist ? 
  why not just say you are a believer in human rights , or something like that ? ' because that would be dishonest , '' adichie continues . 
  `` feminism is , of course , part of human rights in general -- but to choose to use the vague expression human rights is to deny the specific and particular problem of gender . 
  it would be a way of pretending that it was not women who have , for centuries , been excluded . '' the nigerian novelist is also critical of modern masculinity , calling it a `` hard , small cage '' that forces men to hide emotion . 
  `` we teach boys to be afraid of fear , of weakness , of vulnerability , '' she writes . 
  `` we teach them to mask their true selves , because they have to be , in nigerian-speak -- a hard man . '' what i made out of that is that this is an attempt at gender equality and allowing men to be more emotional . 
  so this is exactly that kind of feminism . 
  it 's not the kind of feminism you 're making snide comments about . 
  now , that part is covered by mrs clara berglund who apparently wants to palm it off on boys and thereby reinforcing the distinction rather than actually working towards something . 
  not in any actual linguistic or historical sense but hey whatever floats your boat . 
  i also think some of your downvotes may be because of the lack of capital letters and interpunction but most of them will probably be because of your opinion , yeah . 
  them 's the breaks . 
  why are you even making this post ? 
  i will trivialize any words i want as much as i want thankyouverymuch . 
  queens are a dime a dozen . 
  lol unique ? 
  also , dramatic bolding does not a point make . 
  i severely doubt it 's ever going to be a big issue for the party either because it seems to me your queenie is pretty popular . 
  this does not mean they ca n't be principally opposed to the idea of a monarchy . 
  it 's just not an issue worth pushing if you know you ca n't win . 
  wait a minute . 
  hold up here . 
  there 's a difference between ` axing ' ( aka , scrapping ) a job and firing a schmuck in the job . 
  your example asshole would * still * get fired and there would be no repercussion . 
  axing jobs refers to things like downsizing . 
  which is not something nationalisation-worthy either but it 's a stark difference from what you were getting all dramatic about . 
  i also think it refers more to `` moving jobs abroad '' rather than just `` downsizing because we ca n't afford as many people anymore '' . 
  which is even further removed from your hissy fit . 
  because it 's an ass-pull from the british press . 
  it 's not like we desperately need to make new plastic either . 
  if money was n't an object we could stick it to oil sheikhs by recycling the shit out of plastics . 
  would be damn good actually . 
  your statement still does n't make sense . 
  uk is the country . 
  uk is the topic of the thread . 
  if england has too high a population density for your tastes ; big deal . 
  it 's only part of your country and you 'd still have plenty room in scotland ( population density fuckall/square kilometer ) to ditch some immigrants . 
  which , obviously , you do n't want . 
  fair enough , but the population density of england is not a good argument for that . 
  clearly he just does n't like boobs . 
  you did n't randomly select anyone , you just copied a different poster ? 
  hardcore soccer fans are usually twats . 
  now or later ? 
  jesus christ are you guys * still * blaming the germans ? 
  it 's been 70 years . 
  if warsaw is still a mess it 's entirely on you guys . 
  rotterdam was fucked up hella bad too and they got better . 
  presumably there are still bitter people but germany now is n't the nazi 's of yesteryear . 
  oh that 's convenient . 
  the previous government was traitors and therefore does n't count so it 's all germany 's fault again , right ? 
  that 's polish internal politics disagreeing with polish external politics . 
  fair enough , but not germany 's fault . 
  so how is that germany ` forcing ' you to do anything again ? 
  this is just a government pointing fingers at a popular scapegoat . 
  must be those ukrainians again ... / s, 
  so far he 's provided more of a source than you have though . 
  shitty though it may be . 
  nobody said they were traditional names . 
  that 's not what european national here means . 
  that does n't make you sound cynical . 
  it makes you sound desperate . 
  what they 're saying is that they looked at a bunch but that all of * those * were european nationals . 
  they 're still looking at the others but for now they 're all nationals . 
  there might be new guys , we do n't know yet , but that 's why they said `` so far '' . 
  to imply they 're still looking at the others . 
  yeah , `` they '' are all out to get `` us '' . 
  sure , perhaps , but we can pretty much rule out that they 're not the result of policies concerning * refugees * , right ? 
  and used to defend a majority innocent of any crime or accusation . 
  i 'm sorry but if you have an 800-year period of history that people still use to define themselves by then it clearly is an undeniable part of spain 's history . 
  that 's just revisionist bullshit . 
  there was no european society . 
  the reconquista was n't really `` reconquer '' either , it was just `` conquer '' . 
  there was never a spain beforehand and the whole thing took so long that a lot of people in the area just considered themselves muslim and that was the end of it .
