  it 's not about what he called those bastards , but the ` vent your fury ' part , i guess . 
  what a dick . 
  for then . 
  belgium has already abandoned us . 
  one billion days per bullet . 
  no , but that makes the whole point kind of stupid . 
  the first person goes `` we need to do something now !! '', 
  the second guy goes `` we should 've done this some time ago ! '', 
  yeah maybe but that does n't exactly fix the current situation , does it ? 
  turkey , spain , italy , greece are all north of the mediterranean too . 
  wikipedia has the density of england at 407/km2 or 1,054.1 / sq mi and the netherlands at 407.4 / km2 or 1,055.1 / sq mi . 
  wikipedia uses numbers from 2011 for england and 2016 for the netherlands ( cuz 17 million ) . 
  your article is positively ancient by now , it 's from 2008 . 
  so according to wiki it 's pretty fucking close but in reality england will have grown in those past 5 years as well . 
  just gather everyone you owe money to together by the end of the night and pay with the single note . 
  does n't make a whole lotta sense to me . 
  the biggest available is a 500 euro note but , at least over here , pretty much no-one uses them because no-one takes them because no-one uses them . 
  it 's a lot more convenient to pay in a different way if you need amounts that large . 
  it 's all those hidden glaciers sneaking up on ya . 
  or france if it 's related to language . 
   they 're only hurting themselves because these days anyone who see 's a sticky either reaches for the downvote or tunes straight out , only a subset of very pathetic people who already made their minds up and do n't really care for new information . 
  took me ages to master that sound because my native dialect does not have it . 
  you win the shame of failure . 
  you can apply the same concept though , ca n't you ? 
  only problem is that nobody else might understand what you mean . 
  :p you could differentiate between dane and danish . 
  soon there wo n't be any other presidents . 
  president for life putin !, 
  maybe what i said does n't so much apply to sweden and the sami specifically but my general point still stands . 
  countries are not defined by their ethnic groups . 
  there are a lot of countries in europe that are multi-ethnic even if you ignore immigration in the last century . 
  i 'm dutch . 
  but i 'm also frisian . 
  my nationality is dutch , my ethnicity is frisian . 
  definitely a minority too . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than / u/cheeze _ whiz_shampoo was saying . 
  sure , but the country is n't defined by the ethnic groups . 
  they might not be a swede in the ethnic sense but if they 're a natural-born citizen of sweden ... 
  but lapplanders can be swedes too . 
  it 's not * that * rigidly defined . 
  the newer stuff probably . 
  i had gladio in mind when i wrote that . 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  * someone * 's gon na find that shit even if you left it in a forest for 50 years . 
  and a bunch of stockpiles from anti-commies although that 's a very long time ago now . 
  vrumvrum, 
  they 're not leaving women and children behind to fight any wars , let alone their own . 
  the women and children have usually fled to and are somewhere in refugee camps in border regions or in turkey . 
  at least a part of the men is sent on ahead to find jobs and houses and whatever . 
  clearly not all of them , but it 's obviously not a case of the men all running with their tails between their legs expecting their wives to go all boudicca on whatever ruffian comes into their territory . 
  that , and america often simply has different tastes in cars than europe does . 
  the kind of [ huege 4/5-seater with giant open cargo area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pickup_truck#/media/file:ford_f-150_crew_cab_--_05-28-2011.jpg ) just wo n't work in a medieval city center . 
  probably quite a bunch and hidden by a large range of different groups and ideologies . 
  russia is in my experience usually not counted in statistics pertaining to europe . 
  russia just has a lot of issues ( mainly related to its size ) that do n't translate well to statistics about europe . 
  i mean , geographically , yes , russia is considered fairly european . 
  but politically and statistically often not . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's better . 
  and anyway , even though they 're technically not ` civilians ' , many of the victims of , for example , the [ raf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army_faction#german_autumn ) are basically just mooks doing their job and not responsible for whatever policy they were trying to sabotage . 
  turkey and russia are usually not counted for europe . 
  no distinction between west and east europe is made . 
  i do n't think there 's any licorice on board . 
  a bunch of untrained skinheads do n't have orders , protocols and standards to follow . 
  there is also no indication this happened inside the camps rather than in roughly the area . 
  the aged between 19 and 14 does sound weird though . 
  not in the least because 14-year olds are n't generally considered ` men ' . 
  it might be a typo , but i would n't like to assume . 
  regardless , a bunch of guys with semi-believable outfits and a bunch of ( improvised ) weapons are more than capable of intimidating scattered randoms . 
  the article does n't say this was in the actual camps though . 
  this was around the lorries and i do n't think they went through the camps . 
  and i can definitely see thugs pretending to be cops intimidating people into handing over money , i do n't see what 's fishy about that . 
  not really relevant . 
  whether they were supposed to be there or not does n't justify assaulting and intimidating them . 
  does n't justify impersonating police either . 
   they talk like a belgian being strangled . 
  so they talk like the best kind of belgian . 
  but then they ca n't say that the country is an 'em pty city ' . 
  it clearly is n't , and bringing up things that are , shock , not cities does not prove the point . 
  yeah , possibly . 
  oh yeah that 's a pretty significant size difference . 
  it 's le ebin 4chan meme . 
  they do n't have to be funny . 
  why , from the fairies of course !, 
  they do n't need a chain of suppliers that are still doing work illegally , do n't be silly . 
  haha i like the foreground of that picture . 
  that 's a bit beyond the stated ` city ' though . 
  and then some . 
  except if you show a map with different comparions , then you should at least use the right sizes to avoid misleading people . 
  maybe it does n't refute the map . 
  but the map is still misleading . 
  edit ; according to / u/vishbar and / u/comradmiral neither san fran or new york are correct either . 
  so what exactly is the point here if map ca n't even show accurate sizes ? 
  maybe we should photoshop the country bigger and use it to prove we 're the largest country in the world !, 
  do n't be a dick . 
  wow . 
  greece is also not in entirely the same position as turkey . 
  sure , greece gets boatfuls of refugees . 
  but the walking refugees end up in turkey as well as a lot of boats . 
  so paying turkey seems to be much more efficient . 
  hey man , you do n't speak for denmark .
