  sorry , i had to do it . 
  well , it 's understandable . 
  the dutch minister-president is in a similar position . 
  he is also better at speaking english than estonian . 
  what an annoying self-serving little ` article ' . 
  the pictures are great but now i wanr to not go just to spite them . 
  oh god it 's adorable . 
  one is good and stronk , the other is invasive , ugly and full of french ? 
  burning their children might earn some more money on some rather worse websites ... best not . 
  [ putin spoke the truth once ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1d7llx4rm8 ) . 
  i used to play euiii tho ' . 
  actually , you have the germans to blame for those . 
  like knows like , i guess . 
  if they combine it with fining refugees for rejecting countries you might actually get somewhere . 
  although the biggest problem is fake or missing travel documents . 
  : / edit ; that , and lots of refugees plain do n't have money so fines are pointless . 
  this was kinda dumb . 
  the comment you replied to did not imply that poles were more likely to beat their wives but rather that they wore a kind of shirt that is considered a little trashy and is nicknamed a `` wifebeater '' . 
  i did not , it 's exactly what i want . 
  make yourself familiar with [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sleeveless_shirt#a-shirt ) . 
  does that make it any more true or any more accurate ? 
  many german people in this thread have already said they are not represented by lederhosen or dirndls and that kind of crap . 
  why are the chinese relevant ? 
  why do danish , turkish , welsh and american flairs get to tell the germans what their traditions are ? 
  they 're wrong . 
  the image they have of germany is flawed . 
  the whole ` lederhosen are a german stereotype ' is derived from american gi 's posted in bavaria . 
  it does not actually represent the country , only a small part of it , like i said . 
  and anyway , i strongly doubt any random chinese pig farmer would have a clue that he 's supposed to recognise them as german . 
  but it 's not a case of `` the left '' versus `` the right '' in this case . 
  take that cecilla malmstr\u00f6m , everything you say just thoroughly refuted !, 
  i 'm not even german you dolt . 
  i 'm just seeing danish , american , turkish , welsh flairs all saying `` this is what germany is and if germans do n't like that they must be ashamed '' . 
  even though it 's clearly only * part of germany * . 
  it 's ba-fricking-varia !, 
  it 's almost like a bunch of non-germans seem to want to foist an inaccurate image onto the germans and pretend it 's their heritage and their tradition . 
  jesus do you actually believe what you just wrote ? 
  that is nobodies heritage !, 
   dutch attire i think of someone wearing clogs ( formerly ) used through the entire country whereas the lederhosen were a regional thing . 
  they were used all over the country though , so not exactly an apt comparison . 
  are you quite finished with the outrage jerk ? 
   go back to ancient india and tell them the nuclear family with a working patriarch , a stay at home mom raising the kids is n't `` real '' . 
  it 's no more real than how the average german family does it now , which is the point . 
  you do realise that stereotypes vary from region to region , yes ? 
  and that your list of silly french-as-imagined-by-the-british stereotypes are not any more accurate than any other stereotypes , yes ? 
  if someone walks around going hon hon hon with a stripey t-shirt and a baguette then i would n't think they looked french . 
  i 'd think they 'd look like some idiotic caricature of a frenchman , probably devised in either britain or the us . 
   no , but it does depict traditional german clothes . 
  deal with it . 
  from a very specific part of germany , from a very specific timeframe . 
  it does n't represent germany or depict traditional german clothes any more than frilly blouses and giant swords do . 
  lol please . 
  it 's an overidealised image of the past that 's being made fun of . 
  ew mold . 
  5 months and 2 weeks late , bucko . 
  do wars of independence count ? 
  or even for native italians . 
  ( i kid , i kid ), 
  it 's more like a berlusconi than a saddam situation . 
  the great irony that it 's a romanian saying this . 
  and most of those rural areas have their own regional languages , minority languages and a wide array of dialects and accents going on . 
  which is n't always conducive to passing tests in standard dutch either even if you do get it in primary school . 
  if you do n't use it , it 's not always going to stick around . 
  oh so that is why i have a lot of duplicate programmes . 
  oh yeah there 's a lot of seemingly duplicate shit on my phone that i do n't use . 
  or things that are just completely irrelevant no matter how many i haave . 
  excuses , excuses . 
  eh , the for profit prisons and the three strikes laws in some places certainly do n't help . 
  anders and the breivik bunch !, 
  i did n't know american poets did anything famously . 
  of netherlandings . 
  what an insane thing to say . 
  it 's barbarism is what it is !, 
  thanks, 
  i think you meant to say that to nerkuras . 
  also expensive . 
  just produce your own oil and gas you lazy so-and-so 's !, 
  importing oil from the west sounds like a bad plan in any case . 
  the west imports it already and surely exporting it again would make it more expensive ? 
  jesus that 's an obnoxious video . 
  adventure year, 
  do you guys not have plates or something ? 
  the technology is quite simple . 
  also , adorable set of pictures . 
  internet sucks at is awesome ? 
  breaking news ; internet sucks at naming things . 
  my bad . 
  the headlines for points 8,9 and 13 make no sense . 
  luxembourg is n't even on the graph showing the neighbourliness of countries so we 're just supposed to believe the headline that it 's the highest ? 
  and finland 's * negative quarterly change in gdp * is not the same as `` having the worst economy '' . 
  and which of those blurs is erdogan ? 
  a little of both , while also showing he thinks of himself very highly and does n't quite understand the concept of satire . 
  lol please . 
  thanks for your insightful insights huffpo . 
  and it invokes dune-esque images . 
  but ... it 's no longer slovakia . 
  slovakia is an independent country . 
  czechoslovakia does not exist anymore . 
  two local dogs , [ stabyhoun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stabyhoun ) & [ wetterhoun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wetterhoun ) not super common anymore , not really national , originally bred as working dogs . 
  guard dogs , vermin exterminators , pointers , retreivers , bred to be very versatile .
