  i do n't know why you 're bringing up germans or continuously saying `` sweeds '' but it does n't make your point any stronger . 
  i mean , i agree that just pulling over someone if you have no real indication that they are actually possessing drugs is a bit much , you do n't see me arguing there . 
  but all i 'm saying is that his perscription is not valid in sweden and that sweden does actually have strict ( ish ? ), 
  drug laws and that snoop needs to follow those laws as much as anyone else and he does n't get a get-out-of-jail-free-card just because he raps occassionally . 
  and anyway , article says that according to swedish cops they thought he was driving weirdly . 
  which could be due to drugs or due to alcohol and i strongly suspect it was just due to him being him but it 's a relatively valid reason to stop someone . 
  aaaahhh . 
  i * have * heard of him ( name sounds local but that can be deceiving ) but for some reason could n't find him on wikipedia . 
  odd . 
  still , being a competent administrator is neat too . 
  makes sense . 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't think perscriptions are necessarily valid though . 
  my first flight ever was towards russia . 
  it was dark and windy on landing and everyone clapped . 
   what are they hoping to achieve , or prove , with holding an international celebrity for smoking weed ? 
  to show that smoking weed in sweden is not okay not even if you are a celebrity famous for doing so ? 
  i strongly doubt it 's racial profiling though . 
  well they live in sweden already ... 
  i should think they suffer enough . 
  pretty accurate , especially the fiddly bits around their own place . 
  kinda fucked up in my area though . 
  czech republic because beer and the only person i know from there is a total babe and smart as hell . 
  poland because i 've got a soft spot for the little guy . 
  croatia because weather and adriatic sea coast . 
  never been to any of them yet . 
  i kind of thought it was that old rogue juan carlos again . 
  lucas , \u00bf no ? 
  well there was one but it 's deleted . 
  not for hunting . 
  for gladiatorial combat . 
  you are free to try and kill a lion but only if you do it in unarmed hand-to-hand combat . 
  ah too bad , i just thought i 'd try to be clever . 
  i need to look into those names , i 'm interested . 
  i ca n't find posthumus on wikipedia though . 
  do you mean [ guillaume posthumus meyjes ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/guillaume_posthumus_meyjes ) , the theologian ? 
  2 out of 3 potential inventors of the microscope were dutch and another dutchman refined the thing so let 's just say we 're partially responsible for a lot of those . 
   ( i do n't even know if microscopes are relevant here ), 
  who ? 
  immigrants or feminists ? 
  which of the bogeypeople are you referring to here ? 
  the article does n't mention specifics but mentions it might be to do with gang warfare . 
  which probably excludes feminists and might involve immigrants , sure , but i strongly doubt there are n't any local homegrown swedish gangs around . 
  i mean , the example i think of when i think of gangs in europe is biker clubs or soccer hooligans . 
  soccer hooligans tend to have a lot of white people involved as well as some immigrants but it 's not fair to blame this kind of fuckery on ethnicity . 
  and , for example , in the netherlands three of the biggest biker gangs seem to be the multi-ethnic satudarah as well as hell 's angels and bandidos which seem to be a more mono-ethnic , who are involved in all sorts of crime and violence and one incident involving the bandidos ( on the receiving end , for clarity ) having one of their houses attacked with a hand grenade , like what happened in the thread here . 
  good thing i got my olive oil purchase in before this happened yessiree !, 
  are you now ? 
  well , that 's rude . 
  goddamn immigrant feminists ofcourse . 
  it means `` haha '' . 
  eh in terms of population . 
  average in surface size i guess . 
  yeah i got that , but i was referring to the economy minister post . 
  i can see the citizenship happen no doubt but not any minister posts , let alone economy . 
  well now . 
  i thought putin was a lot of things . 
  a tyrant , a pillock , a murderer , a liar and a sneak , but i did n't think he was * stupid * . 
  no , there 's an actual reason for doing those things . 
  cavities are minor emergencies ( they fucking hurt ) and letting tooth decay go unchecked has clearly measurable and obvious negative consequences and there is no doubt about that in the medical community . 
  in other words , it 's not fucking comparable bucko . 
  it would be more comparable to cutting off earlobes or some shit like that . 
  true , good at firing up the ol' nostalgia-to-a-world-that-never-existed . 
  also , for what it 's worth , i 'm not downvoting you . 
   first , read the actual evidence . 
  i will . 
  i am even , but i 'm not so sure you can really bandy the term `` actual evidence '' around too easily . 
  obviously , varying medical associations have different ideas on this , right ? 
  none of the dutch medical associations ( most relevant to me ) are in favour of routine circumcision . 
  they are not named as sources in this paper but several american medical associations are . 
  i 'm not sure if this means anything but it may be the paper is a bit one-sided in that regard and i believe american medical associations have a social if not financial interest in advocating circumcision . 
  furthermore , a sentence caught my layman 's eye and i checked the source . 
  the sentence was `` for example , it has been shown that uncircumcised infants are more likely to harbour a reservoir of uropathogenic organisms ( for example escherichia coli ) in the urethral meatus and periurethral area ( 95 ) '' now my first question was ; okay , * how likely is it * ? 
  `` more likely '' is weasel-wordy and does not actually prove much of anything . 
  even the most minute increase counts as more likely but i do n't know if it 's actually significant . 
  the source of this claim , 95 , was `` wiswell te et al. 
  effect of circumcision status on periurethral bacterial flora during the first year of life . 
  j pediatr , 1988 , 113 ( 3 ) :442 -- 446 . 
  so it is at least 16-17 years old as well . 
  is it still relevant ? 
  i figured i 'd google ( well , yahoo ) the name `` te wiswell '' as well . 
  i ended up with a few masonic lodges ( irrelevant ) and [ this statement ] ( http://cirp.org/library/statements/cps3/ ) from the * canadian * paediatric association at the time saying that the paper 's conclusions were not substantial enough and that they would therefore not change their recommendation on not doing routine infant circumcision . 
  now i realise this is hardly an in-depth deconstruction of the paper and i 'm certainly not any kind of expert , but i think it 's a bit too much of you to slap around terms like `` the actual evidence '' when the actual medical consensus is not actually that clear at all . 
  i think a more pertinent point has to do with the effects of poor penile hygiene , but i do n't think that 's a point that justifies circumcision rather than just , y' know , giving it a wash . as for your second point , really ? 
  come the fuck on . 
  i will quote it for clarity ;  second if it is functionless i do n't see what place the government has in intervening . 
  first off , this was n't about governments but about hospitals refusing to do something they find useless and counterproductive . 
  in that regard it is an informed medical opinion and i do think that is something a government should make use of . 
  secondly , bringing up the government here is a mere bogeyman and not one i consider particularily sensible . 
  by bringing it up you are doing nothing more than trying to stifle discussion . 
  discussion in this thread in general and you and i in particular has not been about the government nor about law and crime , but about whether parents or doctors have a moral right to perform circumcisions and whether or not there was a factual basis to arguments given in favor of circumcision . 
  thirdly , i also have problems with what you are suggesting in your argument . 
  what do you * mean * , the government has no place in intervening ? 
  what does the functionality of something have to do with the issue ? 
  my points were that there is a risk , that it does n't add anything useful adn that the person it is performed on can not give informed consent , has no control over his own genitalia ( or her as it might turn out ) and that i personally find it to be a violation of the right to bodily integrity . 
  so again , it has risk , it is useless and the person it is performed on has no say in it . 
  it is completely ludicrous to propose that you can just do surgery on someone without their consent or imput just so long as it 's a functionless surgery !, 
  i get that it 's an infant and i get that parents have more say over their child 's bodily autonomy and integrity than in any other potential situation and that you therefore ca n't make any comparison but that does n't mean they can just get to do what they want with their child . 
  parents consenting to their childrens ' surgery , fine , no problem there . 
  but i personally feel this only applies in cases where there is a medical emergency or a medical necessity .
