  there is neither any proof for said claim nor proof that evil evil feminists are actively starving sweden 's armed forces . 
  hey , it 's a 3-year old . 
  odds are she likes glitter . 
  her parents maybe not so much . 
  fine by me , just so long as he does n't put down a fresh bunch of flowers on stalin 's grave . 
  yes but that only applies to britland . 
  the rest of the monarchies are rather less fairylandesque and do not have profitable deals on land . 
   also feudalism did n't worked out for our economy so well :( for yours nobility it was better , more rights etc. 
  your polish feudalism worked out pretty well for the dutch merchant class though . 
  so thanks for that . 
  too . 
  you do n't . 
  but i 'm dutch . 
  i 'm supposed to be a bit rivalrous with belgium . 
  nobody gives half a toss about the british empire . 
  ai n't relevant on the continent . 
  dude had a pretty rad goateard by the end . 
  nobody is asking that , it 's just that bitching and moaning about how much better it is back home is bound to annoy anyone sooner or later . 
  fuck off then if it 's all so bad . 
  you 'd also look like a complete and utter berk with a constant fake smile . 
  it includes bnp per capita apparently so oil is indirectly a big factor . 
  take that , finland , sweden and belgium !, 
  more likely than the other way around but that 's as far as it goes . 
  do n't be a dick . 
  like i said , a wizard . 
  are you a wizard ? 
  or the photographer ? 
  lithuania can into double nordic ? 
  zoom in , enhance , zoom in . 
  enhance . 
  i want to see what it says on the sign at the roundabout in the back . 
  yes , that 's why i included the caucasus . 
  their other neighbours to the south are kazakhstan , mongolia and china ( and across water , japan ) but neither of those are in europe and i do n't think china would appreciate russian medding in kazakhstan or mongolia ( or china itself ) so i do n't think even old pooter is crazy enough to try and pull that kind of shit . 
  there are little white poles with red reflectors on them . 
  50 meters between each . 
  they are mostly to show the shape of the road so you do n't go careening off the asphalt and into a ditch at night but you an also use them easy-peasy to judge how close you are to the car in front of you . 
  the advice is to be at least 2 seconds behind the car in front so if you see them pass one of those little poles you can simply check by counting to two ( or is this something only the dutch can ? ), 
  and checking whether or not you went past the pole before that time ran out . 
  did the police guy get a lift from a civilian at 1:11 ? 
  i question the spontaneity of starting to dance in groups . 
   it is hard to keep talking about an increasing threat , when the `` threat '' is measurably decreasing . 
  putin can do anything . 
  hm fair enough . 
  i do n't think lying really matters though . 
  oh the baltics now too ? 
  soon they 'll include finland and the caucasus and after that belarus , the rest of ukraine and moldova and after that romania and poland and so on and on and on . 
  the irish are cool though . 
  i do n't . 
  bloody islandmonkeys and tatar hordes . 
  no u, 
   vanuatu `` help help we 're sinking help '', 
   taking it out of the equation would produce more rational discussion . 
  i doubt that . 
  it 's usually not mentioned in discussions at all and so it barely has any relevance . 
  the only relevance i * do * see it have is people talking about their country or explaining local mores and ideas from a local perspective . 
  i think it just adds to the discussion rather than distract from it . 
  hm fair enough . 
  university of oklahoma . 
  i just need to get my shit together for that first . 
  going to the usa for study abroad come summer so i 'll scope the place out . 
  only to the pretentious douches . 
  he usually has something interesting to say and he always translates it to english so i really do n't understand why people are always bitching about it . 
  the `` fad '' came to be as a result of the exact same / u/dclauzel writing his bilingual posts . 
  they started it , do n't pretend `` the french are only still doing it cuz they 're french lol '' . 
  i did it too for a while but i did n't have the determination dclauzel has so i gave up . 
  and it 's annoying to do so for a longer post anyway . 
  i 'm more annoyed by anglophones getting pissy at the french for daring to speak something that 's not english . 
  the rivalry is played out . 
  quit being bitches . 
  and eurovision was founded in , y' know , the french speaking part of switzerland . 
  so it 's kinda understandable they get to do that . 
  that 's not how the argument works . 
  or else i 'd claim that your no true scotsman was a no true scotsman argument . 
  a no true scotsman argument is basically just re-defining a particular previously mentioned group so as to exclude a part of the original group that the argumenter is trying to disassociate from . 
  the example given is that a scotsman boasts that the scottish are so frugal , that none of them put sugar in their oatmeal and that when confronted with the fact that some scotsmen * do * in fact put sugar in their oatmeal , the first scotsman redefines the argument and says `` no true scotsman puts sugar in their oatmeal '' . 
  in that way , he acknowledges , that yes , some scotsmen do do so , but they do n't * really count * so we do n't have to consider them so his argument was correct in the first place . 
  oh yeah because the current wars and military efforts in the middle-east are working out just * so well * . 
  and beheadings . 
  with s aword . 
  fair enough . 
  haha true . 
  it was n't really about jokes either , just the banter . 
  i dunno , maybe that would 've made him a bit less uptight . 
  you ca n't tell me this guy would n't benefit from a good bum-rogering . 
  yeah from the title i thought it was going that way but it 's actually quite interesting . 
  the kgb hates him !, 
  in this case however it means taking a moral stand against a country rather shitty on human rights . 
  not that i think it will help much but it 's a moral stand anyway and it * would * actually work if other countries went and did the same . 
  because it 's true . 
  why should the opinion of sweden 's foreign minister matter one fig to the saudi 's ? 
  unless there 's some kind of boycott of saudi oil to back it up it 's all just so much hot air . 
  you however went way over the line with a bunch of vile personal attacks based on nothing more than a few pixels of flag next to their name . 
  needing to be brought down a peg ? 
  a ) bullshit and b ) do it with an actual argument next time you a-hole . 
  that 's vile , dude . 
  yes . 
  especially the mass immigration of the elderly from the south who take fucking boattours through the city all the damn time and make me wait for open bridges over and over again . 
  relevant gifname . 
  '' ... always trying to get as many cool points as possible from flying close to mountains and buildings and shit '' . 
   they were chatting casually up to that point but he started only giving laconic answers ( = short sentences with a monotonous voice , not sure if the adjective is also widely used in english ) .
