  he 's not making it anything , why is everyone such a drama queen about this ? 
  it 's nothing typical , it 's nothing arrogant , it 's not about france being great , it 's not useless and the downvotes certainly do not prove your point . 
  in other words , wrong wrong wrong wrong . 
  wrong wrong wrong wrong . 
  you 're wrong . 
  you 're wrong . 
   no one forced those languages on me no one is forcing it on you here either . 
  except english . 
  that one is forced on everyone . 
  no other languages even * optionally * allowed it seems . 
  if everyone did . 
  but not everyone does , so that 's not an argument . 
  only a few people do it even occassionally and only a few of * those * do it consistently . 
  yet you read arrogance where there is none . 
  i think you 've got your own little nationalism goggles on . 
  what is this for laden nonsense ? 
  spitting on it ? 
  showing respect ? 
  my arse , none of those things happen . 
  everyone speaks english , fine , that 's practical . 
  this does not prevent someone else from * also * speaking his own language . 
  how is * that * disrespectful ? 
   english is the international language today.get over it !!!, 
  that is why everyone still posts in english as well . 
  jesus just let the guy * have * a thing instead of being such bitter petty harpies all the goddamn time . 
  it hurts nothing whatsoever . 
   the thing is that is very annoying to read a comment in two languages !, 
  that would depend entirely on your mindset . 
  i disagree for example . 
  i do not find it annoying at all , i find it interesting . 
   sick of this smug french arrogance i really honestly genuinely do not think * any * of the regular french people in / r/europe is arrogant or smug at all . 
  french yes , but you can hardly blame them . 
  and certainly not dclauzel . 
  it 's ridiculous to get so carried away about this and you clearly only see what you wanted to see . 
  you are a ludicrous person if somehow a guy 's casual use of both english * and * french makes you so insanely angry . 
  worse yet , you 'll never get the brits to quit their petty whinging about the french either . 
  or their `` clever '' jokes about how the french want to restore their empire . 
  that 's a shit reason . 
  dclauzel * always * posts english as well as french so other than `` waah you ca n't have this thing !! '', 
  there is pretty much no objection to it . 
  and if you with ? 
  what does that mean . 
  jesus christ chill out you big drama queen . 
  dclauzel is a friendly chap and there 's literally no harm whatsoever in posting in french as well as english at the same time . 
  well that 'll be fun . 
  well , geez , okay . 
  oh please , it 's obvious the krauts stole this from us . 
  along with our bicycles . 
   people in genuine distress do n't give two shits about quotas neither do smugglers and `` economic migrants '' . 
   in france good point . 
  seems to me people are arguing different things here based on different systems in their different countries . 
  your complaint of high license cost in france is valid , but is * limited to france * . 
  mcvarial 's point about \u00fcber not following insurance , social security and labour laws is also a good point but those laws also vary between places . 
  i would not be interested in an \u00fcber driver in the netherlands because i do n't know who could be held accountable if they tried to screw me over and because i do not think it is fair that \u00fcber drivers do what they do without having to take the same precautions traditional drivers have to take like social security , labor laws and insurance . 
  that 's a bitch childish . 
  wow . 
   350 square feet i thought you said meters at first and wondered why you were complaining . 
  nu means now in dutch , correct . 
  and n\u01da is mandarin chinese for `` woman '' . 
  that 's weird . 
  dutch uses verenigde naties and also calls it vn , because it makes no sense to abbreviate a v as a u. 
  `` valuta '' is also a valid word in dutch . 
  it 's from italian . 
  how is that even relevant ? 
  amazingly , you can hope for military aid from a long-standing ally * and * not want to be egregiously spied upon by the same ally !, 
  both at the same time !, 
  nah this guy brings up lgbt at every opportunity to shit on it here . 
  it 's slightly relevant here but usually it 's not . 
  he 's a bit of a berk . 
   it does n't mean conscripts are sent to a warzone , at least not in my country . 
  from the stories i 've heard from dutchmen back when conscription was still active you mostly fuck around getting into stupid shit and minor trouble . 
   for a reason . 
  because they 're spiteful bitter little berks who prefer taking petty pot-shots at their bogeyman of the day instead of trying to fix an issue themselves ? 
   you just have to love freedom !, 
  but as we all know , you ca n't really love freedom if you do n't get boners from assault rifles and grenade launchers !, 
  i never assumed any such thing you daftie . 
  part of what it is now however has been imposed on the people there . 
   look at iran in the 70 's compared to now . 
  not sure how that compares . 
  just because it 's ruled by a theocracy now does n't really say much about the people . 
  not on your neck , my hindu friend !, 
  genuine bonafide electrified guillotine !, 
  just spending a day walking through copenhagen shows a lot of nice things too . 
  little mermaid , big titted mermaid , mutant mermaid , cute little anglican church , gefyon fountain , amalienborg . 
  and nyhavn had an adorable little ice cream shop . 
  pointy end first . 
  it 's the same group , they just wear different hats . 
  wrong friesland !, 
   the concerete is just supposed to look unclean yes but not with green spots from lichen . 
  exactly , they suck at spelling things . 
  you guys just suck at spelling things . 
  lester , wooster , okay , that 's fine . 
  but do n't spell them leicester and worchester . 
  oh he 'd know what piccante means . 
  dutch has the word `` pikant '' meaning the same thing . 
  also , [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_annexation_of_german_territory_after_world_war_ii#bakker_schut_plan ) . 
  gta ? 
   wait two hours you 'd be upvoted by people just to spite you and the pathetic point you 're trying to make . 
  or you would get downvotes because your shit just is n't relevant . 
  he did n't tell people that , he just said he was n't affected by pork-related fuck-ups .
