  it 's an in-depth look at things , recapping some of the bullshit from earlier , but it 's not any new information and i 'm not sure what purpose it serves here in / r/europe . 
  that 's a dumb statement . 
  if you do n't like it , do n't comment . 
  you 're actually right about this . 
  it 's not * news * , but it is a new article . 
  it 's just a recap of everything , i guess . 
  dutch news is talking about 3 months and a 105 $ fine . 
  2years would 've been the maximum , i guess . 
  hmmm international sausages, 
  slightly reminiscent of the putin-medvedev switcharoo a while back . 
  lol not nearly . 
  you guys have the most hilariously hysterical papers i 've ever seen . 
  this is poland . 
  are n't you legally entitled to a warranty anyway ? 
  it 's not a pain in the ass at all . 
  so you can only use it in the netherlands , so what ? 
  that 's where i usually am , that 's where i do most things that need payment . 
  you can also use it with paypal so that helps internationally . 
  i had a credit card for something like 8 months and i got a letter from my bank out of the blue with new code and a later letter with a new card because apparently it had been skimmed . 
   holy gods , another country that uses their own , home-brewed payment method , instead of standard one . 
  and it 's a fuckin ' good one too . 
  there are lots of leaning towers , but i 'm more interested in that roof on the steeple . 
  never seen anything like that before . 
  did n't their vote hinge on that they wanted to stay in the eu ? 
  if britain leaves and takes scotland with it , then i think it 's no more than understandable if they do n't want to be held to that . 
  not saying scotland should be able to stop britain , but i do think it would be understandable if they tried a new referendum . 
  it 's pretty much the only thing you 'll hear if you ask someone to name a german tv-show . 
  which is apparently not german . 
   why did your husband put you , your infant son and daughter in this dreadful position , because sending your illiterate wife and your children ahead is a fucking stupid idea . 
   with dragons feathered serpents * . 
  pretty good equivalent though . 
  kind of rude , but not top tier rudeness . 
  i agree . 
  just a stupid thing to say and a stupid thing to get upset about . 
  it 's slightly weird to censor something he never literally said . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd translate `` pleur op '' to fuck off either although it 's still kinda inappropes . 
  which area on the map is which dialect/language ? 
  i 'm not even french , hombre . 
  it 's not against me . 
  the only unwarranted hating i 've seen again and again is half the anglosphere bitching about france . 
  and the minute a frenchman says `` we try not to care '' , you start bitching about france too . 
  right . 
  he does n't seem to like * anything * . 
  this is the weirdest place you put that comment on . 
  it ' a thread about the nyt shitting on france , about how australian and kiwi press shit on france , how politics and press in the uk shit on france , but somehow it 's the french who are anti-british here ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't think they democratically decided to torch the place though . 
  probably inherited from the rosbif . 
  which is which ? 
  i definitely see your point though . 
  dang , i guess we 're lucky in the netherlands then in that regard . 
  the place is still crawling with dialects ( and a second language ) even if the big city people ( who speak a bunch of different dialects themselves . . ) do n't like it much . 
  i guess that makes more sense . 
  wikipedia still refers to jutlandic dialect though . 
  laser eye beams pointing the sheep were to go . 
  ahhhh , nouk . 
  lol , poor planning . 
  dude could n't exactly continue either . 
  if you watch the video again , the taxi driver demanded that much before anything happened and kept driving around with them in the car untill they were ready to pay . 
  dude busted out the window to try and force him to stop . 
  what you said here is not what the chinese lady said . 
  the actual article does n't say much and does n't mention the window . 
  if you 're ever back at schiphol , there 's a train station right * below * the airport . 
  take that instead . 
  the train is faster and significantly cheaper . 
  you might need to wait a while but it 's a busy place so it 's not likely you 'll be there for an hour . 
  i heard it on rtl4 ontbijtnieuws this morning too . 
  although it 's just this one ick instead of all of them . 
  why ? 
  if they do n't really speak the language , do n't know anyone and do n't know how much something should be , would n't they be a great choice to be a horrible person to ? 
  the title is n't entirely true . 
  most of them do n't demand nearly that much evne if they are overpriced . 
  this guy thought he could hold a bunch of chinese tourists trapped in his van and demanded $ 485 , - so it 's only the one guy that went complete batshit like this . 
  the others will just gouge you at a much more reasonable rate . 
  it was really just this one guy . 
  most of the are too expensive but this one really took the cake . 
  this sack of shit even held them captive in his van if they did n't pay the ludicrous amount of money . 
  wikipedia calls jutlandic a dialect of danish too . 
  could you show where it 's not ? 
  also , i know that feel bro . 
  they 're just as surprised as you are . 
  saves me the trouble of opting in , i suppose . 
  do n't like the idea much though . 
  it is not a ridiculous system , it 's a perfectly sensible one . 
  do n't go confusing your deeply-held personal views with what makes sense in a society . 
  yours is way too broad . 
  people have a right to life , but they do n't have a right to other peoples ' stuff . 
  if i 'm a millionaire and i die , this does not mean my wealth can just be taken and used for expensive medical procedures . 
  it 's still up to me , via my will , to decide what to do with it . 
  if i use it to help people recover from supermegacanceraids then all the better . 
  does that apply here though ? 
  i mean , you 're comparing heavily us-based internet outrage to something happening in france . 
  she 's still rude as hell but i do n't know why you have to drag internet power politics and outrage into this . 
  i read the headlines on / r/europe but do n't otherwise much care about brexit-related stuff , no . 
  it 's not really news here . 
  and the other 127,000 ? 
  i think the us has a different set of problems regarding its parties . 
  good to hear . 
  i was under the impression nothing much was going on and they were stalling . 
  he 's referring to the video he posted .
