  little mermaid is kinda funky . 
  drink warm beer to go with it . 
  i can see you have a sterling career as a diplomat in front of you . 
  germany . 
  silly germany , it 's all your fault you big bad boogeyman you . 
  the current world-wide trend is basically `` get more wealthy = have fewer children '' . 
  possibly because there is simply no economic pressure to have more children ( who can take care of you in your old age , and some of which may die before that so you need many of them ) so people do not have as many children . 
  which leads to birthrates laying at a level that ca n't replenish the populations anymore . 
  by the way , this same pattern is also noticeable in immigrants . 
  the only bugger there is that new waves of immigrants will each take like 2 generations for their birth rate to adapt but before that you 'd have another wave of immigrants with a higher birth rate . 
  still geography though . 
  they had a big handicap in the race in that people only ever arrived in the americas a couple thousand years after asia and europe . 
  from there it then took quite some time for the people arrived in the americas to reach places that were conducive to figuring out agriculture ( which was invented in like seven different spots ) which allowed people to settle down and get really started with the whole civilization thing . 
  i would further argue that resources * did * have quite a noticeable influence . 
  the mayans had the wheel , they just did n't have much use for it without a suitable animal to pull it . 
  sure you can get some dudes to use it but you 're already using those dudes to carry stuff and that 's a lot more convenient in hills and jungle anyway . 
  i would also say that , for example , mesoamerican civilisations did some pretty rad shit technology - , science - and culturewise even if they did not , for whatever reason , delve much into metalworking . 
  maybe the suitable metals were n't really within reach . 
  maybe obsidian was simply the more prudent and convenient option . 
  regardless , they did have some impressive mathematics , architecture , engineering and astronomy . 
  do these not count ? 
  or what are you even arguing here , that they are just by default lesser people than eurasians ? 
  real clever joke doofus . 
  oh please your ` obligatory joke ' is n't even remotely clever . 
  just pathetic . 
  man are you for real ? 
  where and why ? 
  why would the sub complain about him before he 's even a mod ? 
  i also do n't see the problem in your link . 
  quick , mod me , i 'm in oklahoma !, 
  a little bit . 
  but the traditional st martin was kinda passing away on its own anyway and halloween is on a different date anyhow . 
  and it 's just a fun opportunity for dressing up and having a few drinks . 
  better warn them about easter and christmas too !, 
  lots of students and similar do it here and i 've also seen a lot of it on my facebook from friends and family . 
  with children in costumes for parties etc. 
  it 's just a fun excuse to dress up ( and drink for students ) . 
  they should drive backwards ? 
  kroket certainly qualifies more than a single cookie . 
  lol `` researchers '' . 
  this is probably a random person lurking on the internet . 
  stroopwafels are the only thing actually know but they 're cookies and not a `` dish '' at all . 
  it says `` 95 + '' . 
  so , more than 95 % . 
  but 5 % becomes an impractical amount in statistics so they just said `` at least 95 % is able to hold a conversation in english '' . 
  it does not mean that 5 % ca n't , it 's just that it 's not worth the hassle of getting even more specific results . 
  so that might vary from 5 to 1 % who ca n't hold a conversation in english and that may be because they 're too young , too old and grew up with only welsh or scots or because they 're foreign and have n't managed english yet . 
  it was terrible when i had it . 
  maybe a freezing mishap . 
  you 're misunderstanding what i sad . 
  possibly on purpose . 
  i was talking about * enforced public atheism * . 
  as in , you 're forced to present as non-religious in public . 
  i 'm not saying that not wearing religious paraphernalia makes you an atheist , but the goal here was to ban all religious symbols . 
  ah yes , classic french secularism . 
  government-enforced public atheism . 
  cute ads . 
  cute ads . 
   why ? 
  it 's cheap , low-maintenance , easy to park and distances tend to be more convenient . 
  it 's also a healthy thing to do and pretty much everyone grew up using them so they keep using them . 
  how can you type with adorable hooves ? 
  do you have a specially made keyboard ? 
  it 's terrible ice cream with a terrible name . 
  at least , it was terrible when i tried it over a decade ago . 
  all sandy and gross . 
  the name is terrible regardless . 
  i do n't know what kind of cooky marmite black pudding & beans ice creams they have on the britisland . 
  indeed . 
  if i had to choose between hd and nothing , i 'd gladly choose nothing every time . 
  wow . 
  honestly , if you like hd then you deserve all the shit you get . 
  wow jesus . 
  annoying . 
  i thought a coat or jacket was implied . 
  oh please , like anyone cares about the distinction but you polar people . 
  and i * meant * scandinavia , not finland . 
  ah , my bad . 
  [ amerika , drenthe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amerika,_drenthe ) and [ america , limburg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/america,_limburg ) . 
  ofcourse , it 's usually bleedingly obvious from context that we 're talking about the us o ' a instead of these two villages . 
  which , i feel , would apply the same when talking about parises . 
  if the news talks about something happening in paris , it 's probably not paris , kentucky . 
  jesus it looks like a set of silo 's . 
  even the dairy factory here looks more appealing and that 's a sprawling pile of crap from different styles and eras . 
  well , i mean , we have an amerika * and * an america in the netherlands . 
  and they would n't have come through the outer schengen borders in greece and bulgaria if syria was n't a shithole and assad was n't a cockmongler . 
  ifs , buts , would haves and should haves are n't very meaningful . 
  sure , but that does n't mean some people do n't want it . 
  and that not letting them have it for no real reason is unfair . 
   our country is n't a joke . 
  no , jokes are actually funny . 
  i thought everyone was surprised the tories even got that far , surpised there was even a brexit referendum and most surprised of all that people actually voted brexit ? 
  or you can say eesti is trying to buddy up to scandinavia whereas lithuania is historically close to poland ( pol-lit commonwealth ) , leaving latvia in the middle . 
  it 's a great time because they 'll never see it coming !, 
  is the theme you 're going for soviet double agents ? 
  4 to -3 is not * super * cold but you 're probably not going to be used to it at all , so dress up warm . 
  more than just a sweater , probably . 
  gloves , hats , scarves , sweaters , warm coats . 
  i 'd be `` absolutely thrilled '' with a wad of cash that big too . 
  something being a new article does n't mean it 's * news * though .
