  english 2 . 
  swedish 3 . 
  chinese i 'm dutch . 
  my granddad ( mother 's side ) knew dutch , frisian , the local dialect of the municipality i grew up in and german . 
  my sole surviving ancestor , my father 's mother , claims to * only * speak the aforementioned dialect , not even `` proper '' dutch or frisian . 
  well it clearly is bipolar though . 
  there 's one in the north and one in the south . 
  yeah those krauts did n't stand a chance without dutch help !, 
  i 'd prefer not to think of it at all , actually . 
   how long before we have these poor , `` disabled '' [ 1 ] people in europe ? 
  we already have them . 
  i have literally seen the same dude , even fatter than that , zoom about in a scooter like that half a dozen times from my own window . 
  i 've seen him in different parts of town as well , always in the little zoomy vehicle thing . 
  ** edit ; ** missed a few words , statement was wonky . 
  i 'm not sure anyone really pays attention to the * meaning * of lyrics though . 
  it just has to sound catchy . 
  i was going to post going to ibiza but this one might even be worse . 
  i was thinking schlongary but yours is better . 
  sure , suuure you are . 
  you 're just trying to lull me into a false sense of security . 
  perfidy ? 
  luckily they were never orange though . 
  they even stole 66,666666 % of your flag !, 
  not too fond of the ol' oranges ? 
  socially regressive . 
  like the construction project you 're working on . 
   from my grandparents generation almost everyone speaks english . 
  they all learned during or after the war where the * hell * do you get this from ? 
  * none * of my grandparents knew or know english . 
  a bunch of them knew german , sure , but never english . 
  sure why not . 
  that 's the catch-22 though . 
  maybe her pressing needs would 've been more easily handled if she knew german , but how easy would it have been to learn german with no usable courses and a slew of other obligations like work or taking care of children ? 
  britain is pretty good at sitting in a hella defensive position and letting people come to them . 
  like the swiss , really . 
  welcome to nazi thoughtprocesses . 
  jews are subhuman , they 're rats , they spread disease , we 're more than justified in murdering them . 
  you 've now said exactly the same about the russkies . 
   ( same goes with leningrad ) . 
  amusingly enough , petersburg is still part of leningrad oblast . 
  so it 's still sorta there . 
  [ from your own country ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aax_jv2-x2e ) . 
  it 's definitely upbeat . 
  you 're past germany . 
  you 're eastern europe . 
  exactly . 
  scorch their earth before they have a chance to do it !, 
  that 's their choice , generally speaking . 
  yeah it seems like a shady source . 
  bah and those pussies have better weather than we do as well . 
  lazy so-and-so 's . 
  pretty much how i thought about but it seems the meaning of `` liberal '' has changed in the usa . 
  which ofcourse makes it a bit tricky to apply that term to europe when one is thinking from an american perspective . 
  heh , makes sense . 
  i know , that 's where the whole buggery comes from . 
  goddamnit you floaty rock , you beat me to it . 
  serfin ' serfin ' serfin ' in the ussr . 
  i 'm not sure it 's accurate though . 
  it 's not the first generation muslims causing trouble . 
  it 's muslims , yes , but muslims with a specific background . 
  and i think it 's that specific background of alienation and polarisation is what causes these crazypants assholes , not just islam by itself . 
  i think this may just be an issue of perspective . 
  you , as a finn , focus more on stalin because he was the big bad threat to finland . 
  to , say , the dutch , hitler was the big bad guy . 
  not because he killed more people total than stalin did , but because he killed more dutchmen than stalin did , because he invaded and occupied the netherlands and because he actually was an enemy . 
  stalin and the ussr were a spectre and a terror but the nazi 's were a more tangible , more * real * enemy to most of western europe . 
  it 's the other way round for finland and i think this would explain the different perspectives on the matter . 
  take the netherlands for example ; people who had fought the germans and/or lived through the german occupation * left * the country after the germans were gone . 
  they left because they feared the commies would advance further and that they would have to face war again . 
  hitler was the real problem in the netherlands but people afterwards fled because stalin ( and his successors ) were n't looking any better . 
  some 50,000 dutchies had fled to australia after the second world war for example . 
  partially because of the commies . 
  a bunch also went to new zealand , south africa , canada and the usa . 
  nobody 's doubting that it was the soviets who bore the brunt of ww2 fighting , but the numbers for fighting are seperate from those for the concentration camps . 
  the list would be completely different if it was about fighting casualties , with soviets at the `` top '' of it . 
  that list would presumably not , however , include freemasons , jehova 's witnesses and homosexuals . 
  yep , it was a frenchman instead of those `` cool '' belgians . 
  it does n't really work though . 
  a liberal , to me , is a free-market liberal . 
  which mostly contrasts with the social ( ist ) end of the spectrum . 
  i think they 'd be closer to american `` conservatives '' than to `` liberals '' , although the liberals tend to exclude religion from their politics as much as the socialists do . 
  i 'm not sure how the confessional parties fit into the left-right idea of politics though . 
  in the netherlands the left seems mostly socialist/social-democrat with the right being the liberals . 
  ooh good one , did n't think of that . 
  tangentially involved in the troubles but maybe that does n't really count . 
   and the fact that it was an enemy to most europe at different points in its history but really , which european country * has n't * fought a large number of different european countries ? 
  even the latecomers country-wise have done their fair bit of warring . 
  yeah !, 
  i can tell you 're more asperger than gent . 
  it 's someone who `` handels '' ( trades ) in children . 
  i 'm not sure of belgium but in the netherlands you need a ( recent , i assume ) `` verklaring van goed gedrag '' ( declaration of good behaviour ) . 
  at least , that 's what students who were going to help out in a primary school needed . 
  she 's slightly less than half lizzie 's age so i suspect that helps explain it . 
  ( 43 instead of 88 ), 
  king willem-alexander and queen m\u00e1xima of the netherlands . 
  thank you for your acknowledgement of rightful dutch leadership . 
  haha yeah i got that mixed up as well . 
  it 's an odd location for a legend and the vague borders/distinction between land and water does n't help much either . 
  yeah it does n't seem super relevant here . 
  yes .
