  debt ? 
  what debt ? 
  can you prove i owe you that much money ? 
  we do ? 
  it 's not really a purposeful singling out . 
  wales is mostly seen as irrelevant . 
  it would 've been funny as hell . 
  both wales and iceland were still shockingly impressive though . 
  kudos to both of them . 
  sure , i understand the insurance company 's point of view . 
  but i can also see why parents would not be amused . 
  everyone has the right to complain to insurance . 
  it 's not as if the not wearing seatbelts is the main problem here . 
  most buses do n't even have seatbelts here . 
  though i guess a rented tour bus would probably have them . 
  aw sweet man thanks . 
  nice . 
  much better . 
  i should n't 've even made a comment on it , i was just picking at things . 
  sorry for that , but i appreciate the fix . 
  those two statements contradict eachother . 
  elgin 's anal beads . 
  that is a hilariously petty and spiteful post . 
  `` we do n't care about them and you look like you can use them . 
  sike never mind we keep them anyway '' . 
  i was rooting for a wales versus iceland finale . 
  it 's not really automatic voter registration . 
  that step is just not necessary . 
  you get your voting pass in the mail some time before actual voting . 
  this is possible because you should be registered in the municipal administration . 
  the pass is really a big-ass sheet of paper that also lists all the parties and everyone in it that you can vote on , so that you can sort of figure out who you want to vote for by the time you can vote . 
  then you go to the voting place ( often really close by ) , show your id to prove that it is actually you and actually your voting pass , and then you vote in a secluded booth by colouring a bubble on a big-ass list of people and parties . 
  you then fold the paper so that nobody can see what you 've voted and then you dump it in a locked container from which it will be retrieved for the counting at the end of the day . 
  you also have a legal right to two hours off from work to go vote . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe they just do n't want to . 
  that 's fine . 
  i know . 
  that sounds a little extreme . 
  maybe they unremoved it . 
  i ca n't see any sign of it being removed and i got here from the frontpage too . 
  woah weird . 
  i see a lot of comments going the exact other direction though . 
  it 's usually people complaining about anti-refugee articles getting deleted . 
  don quixote . 
  he should have had an accomplice on a donkey though . 
  in the world of drama . 
  dutch also uses pounds and ounces for meat or nuts or stuff like that . 
  sometimes , at least . 
  frick . 
  he probably does watch the news . 
  probably not the hilariously dramatic one they have in the uk . 
  is it really such a classic british defense mechanism to just immediately call any german with an opinon than your own a nazi ? 
  are you chucklefucks still that fixated on the war ? 
  only if he was simultaneously balls-deep in obama . 
  i think he meant `` healthy democracy '' and `` prosperous '' . 
  it 's doing relatively okay on both fronts , surely . 
  i mean , i still do n't think it would 've worked out , but at least it would not have been as much of a shitshow . 
  what do you mean by president ? 
   we won against fucking italy !!!!!, 
  which happened in france and is therefore not covered by the thread , duh !, 
  that sounds like a pretty big strawmeme tbh . 
  or at least a little bit too smug `` liberal '' - bashing . 
  i mean , i 'm not necessarily disagreeing with your sentiment , i just do n't think maymays are particularily pertinent or productive in political discussion . 
  those things are just to be smug and preaching to the choir . 
  i mean , you 're right , it would be a prudent course of action . 
  however , it 's a little fucked-up that such a thing should be necessary in the first place and it 's not exactly fair to put the onus on the victims . 
  this would be funny if it was n't said . 
  cameron starts the shit but leaves instead of finishing the formalities . 
  johnson is ousted ( i 've seen some claim treachery and backstabbing ) . 
  farage claims he 'll leave . 
  if he does , then i 'll bet a 1000 $ that nothing will come of brexit but that it somehow becomes the eu 's fault . 
  maybe it is a knee jerk reaction . 
  but maybe he 's just kind of nervous about what kind of international tomfoolery brexit might bring . 
  and honestly , portugal does have the better weather . 
  oh what it 's evil because it 's black ? 
  racist . 
  where do you even get these paranoid fantasies ? 
  it 's more than obvious that he 's talking about bringing examples and explanations in reddit comments , where do you get the idea these things need to be approved by anyone at all ever ? 
  i guess that 's true . 
  i just mentally linked `` classic '' more with `` old cars people by and large actually want '' . 
  an audi a8 would probably be more popular for longer than an aging fiat punto . 
  probably not too much call for aging clunkers though . 
  just being old does n't mean it 's a classic . 
  not sure if this predominantly affects poor people . 
  20-year old cares are , well , old . 
  would the parisian poor be more likely to be driving those around than slightly less old cheap cars ? 
  20-year old cars tend to be a bit more heavy on maintenance and fuel consumption too . 
  brentertaining . 
  brexitaining ? 
  so did the japanese fans at the brazilian world cup . 
  our guys can learn a thing or two . 
  there were some frenchies acting like shit for a while though . 
  what a cunt twat . 
  non-profit does not mean there 's someone just blindly throwing money at it . 
  it means they 're not making profit but instead sell at cost . 
  maybe yours do n't mate , but mine are full of industry and creative vigor . 
  ca n't really pin this solely on him though . 
  finding agreements and common ground require two parties . 
  if one side keeps raving on about `` independence '' then there really is nothing to be done about it .
