  good point , very interesting . 
  i 'll read the article later though , my time is limited at the moment . 
  pishposh it 's because you gerries are n't rude at all . 
  with your siezen and all . 
  in fact , the dutch are n't rude either . 
  we 're the awesome baseline and everybody else is sillily polite . 
  i 've never heard of germans supposedly being rude . 
  edit much later ; the rudest thing i 've ever seen germans do is speak german in a mcdonalds in the netherlands . 
  the sheer cheek of it . 
  it 's a lot of free world too so it works out . 
  just ship 'em to canadia or yankistan or plonk them down in scotland . 
  they have spots with very low population density anyway , they could do with filling up the holes . 
  close to estonia and latvia . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  ( yeah , and close to russia and belarus and whatever ), 
  err , shit . 
  i did n't even think of that . 
  oh wow , that balcony is pretty kickass . 
  if he had a long enough rod he could sit there and start fishing . 
  bitch say whaaaaat . 
  i never thought it possible . 
  wow . 
  yeah , sign an internet petition !, 
  an internet petition for a purely symbolic gesture , take that big brother !, 
  sorry dude , not what i meant to say or said . 
  yeah , but abba is a lot more gay than that . 
  it 's okay man . 
  i never said they were saints though . 
  antifa can be a damn bunch of dicks too , from what i 've heard ( all i know of them is that i once got a pamphlet-y thing ) . 
  thing is , there was n't any indication in this thread that he was antifa before i posted that ( and i was just making a joke anyway ) . 
   edit : tell me , where 's the problem ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  damned eu regulations !, 
  that 's as may be but people did n't actually mention any other sources , they just went straight to the `` lol they 're just as bad '' bullcrap . 
  omg leftist hippie crap . 
  i better beat you shitless ( and brainless ) for saying that !, 
  so you 're afraid of the big bad slippery slope with naught but your own petty bullshit to back you up , gotcha . 
  see , this is actually sexist bullshit . 
  well done . 
  instead of people actually being as `` soft '' or `` hard '' as they want to be and actually are due to their own personality , they should just play cutesy for your benefit . 
  nice . 
  no no no , that 's clearly not a dutch dog . 
  and wilders gets paid by american media ( well , fox ) to keep up his shenanigans . 
  fucking * thank you * . 
  yes , * going to a clothing sale and getting beat up * is totally the fucking same as practicing a combat sport you guys !, 
  it 's not even sure if it 's even politically motivated instead of just a random assault but you 're already going `` totes had it coming ! '', 
  it 's a good thing you 're actually unbiased in all this , boy howdy , it would be so much worse if you actually showed bias . 
  that 's a bullshit thing to say here though . 
  he got attacked by neo-nazi 's but he 's a leftist ergo he 's as bad as a neo-nazi ? 
  really ? 
  how many people has he clobbered into the hospital ? 
  that clearly does n't hold up and it 's thoroughly dishonest to even pretend it 's relevant here . 
  now he can join their ranks !, 
  yeah , how dare that guy hit his head on the pavement and end up in the hospital . 
  what an asshole !, 
  well , seeing as it was n't ipa anyway ... that 's what i thought would be closest from an english-speaking perspective . 
  in dutch i think `` soek ( like `` zoek '' ) - ur-boh-luh . 
  it 's just annoying i ca n't find someone actually saying it . 
  that was n't the devil horns ? 
  i was wondering how `` metal '' was an ideology . 
  the ottomans were pretty cool guys during the eighty years ' war . 
  holy shit that sounds like the greatest idea ever . 
  pretty close , but `` ole '' in standard dutch is a bit different from '' \u00f4le '' in frisian . 
  in dutch it would be more `` oh-le '' and in frisian `` oal-eh '' , if that explains it . 
  i do n't know how to work ipa or something like that . 
  oh , even if the difference was a lot bigger i still would n't know for sure . 
  alright , thanks . 
  it was a bit of a wild guess anyway . 
  i 'm just saying it 's not something you can hold against the usa like king europe did in the comic . 
  i do n't think you can blame ` murica for danish ( ? ), 
  newspapers though . 
  i figured the eurovision stuff referred to in the comic is more the things you notice on the internet and such . 
  dude is probably one of the gayest in the entire country so i 'll take his word for it that it was n't sexual . 
  because i 'm not at all used to eating any sort of vegetable during lunch ? 
  governmental advice `` eat moar veg '' aside , lunches here are usually bread . 
   eat five apples a day and you get too much sugar i 'd also get pretty fucking sick of apples . 
  5 a week is a lot already . 
  it 's two fruit and 200 grams of veg here . 
  i pretty much never make it . 
  five a day just sounds insane . 
  i do , but i like the building anyway . 
  one can hope . 
  i dunno man , building bridges and all that . 
  building bridges of hate . 
  petty , self-centered hate . 
  and it 's quite stylish to boot !, 
  what was the reference to holland about ? 
  ca n't buy porn in the uk ? 
  no worse than the armenian from the guy above you , i suppose . 
  well , duh . 
  it 's not named after current german but rather to the german * ic * ancestors ages ago . 
  icelandic has had less change from that common ancestor than modern german did . 
  they even use all the \u00fe 's and \u00f0 's and whatever still . 
   i think they misplaced a letter i thought it was the inebriated pronunciation . 
  netherlands big . 
  netherlands stronk . 
  ~ uguu ~ so kawaaiii ~ ~ actually pretty cool too . 
  well , not * damned * . 
  he 'll be advantaged by it anyway . 
  not at all ridiculous .
