  i think it lost to facebook . 
  although maybe the users are just a different demographic . 
  the netherlands has sites like dumpert and geenstijl but i 'm not too familiar with them . 
  damn finns , they ruined finland !, 
  hurray , beer !, 
  i intend to try one day anyway . 
  i 'm up north anyhow and i 'd just follow the coast . 
  those look amazing . 
  i need to try them . 
  maybe i 'll hop on my bike and go to denmark . 
  muzzy , the bbc 's green , clock-eating alien . 
  and vidyama games afterwards . 
  no we do n't !, 
  we eat frikandellen !, 
   : i are n't yours more like the german meatball-y things instead of like the sausage-y things we have ? 
  oh and you forgot we get invaded by germans every year in the list of similarities . 
  haha , why did you ask the question then ? 
  and where are you ? 
  copenhagen has the cooler name . 
  and i like danes better than swedes because their attitudes towards things seem closer to mine/the dutch . 
  / r/atheism regulars ? 
  in a way , yes , but they asked for * upbringing * in that question , not belief . 
  and i would n't say i was specifically brought up as an atheist . 
  so did i , well done . 
  i 'm not so sure what your point was though . 
  you can almost , very roughly , see the `` blue '' banana . 
  pretty cool . 
  the label says `` mayon ( n ) aise '' . 
  it 's a bit confusing , but the coloured lines labelled `` dutch '' and `` french '' indicate which part goes in which language . 
  the line for dutch is interrupted underneath the n inside parentheses . 
  in other words , `` mayonaise '' with one `` n '' is correct dutch . 
  `` mayonnaise '' with two `` n '' 's is correct french . 
  and this relates to belgium in that belgium is , very roughly , deivided into two linguistic parts ; one that speaks flemish which is a variant/close relative of dutch and one that speaks walloon which is a variant/close relative of french . 
  because of this , the label includes both languages . 
  although , technically , there 's also a german-speaking part of belgium but they 're not as big or relevant . 
  huh , interesting . 
  is n't the last letter more of an elongated eehhhh sound though ? 
  haha really ? 
  i feel like a twat now . 
  edit : durrr , makes sense too . 
  it 's a greek term and most languages did n't alter the term . 
  obviously , greek also says `` europa '' and i 'd have to check for the slavics , but i would n't be surprised if they too say europa . 
  pretty often i 'd say . 
  unless i 'm mistaken , pretty much all germanic languages ( excepting the francified english ) says a variant of `` europa '' . 
  and probably a few non-germanic languages as well . 
   poland is fucked up after communism . 
  i do n't think that actually has a lot to do with directors and such leaving . 
  that 's just the allure and grandiosity of hollywood . 
  dutch actors and directors also go there but we were n't ever communist . 
  they 're up to something , i tell you . 
  well , not really . 
  it just was n't a thing . 
  even not caring would be more than it actually was . 
  maybe they just counted it as an atheist upbringing . 
  no gods involved after all . 
  yes , i 'm sure they have them all squirreled away in some jar in their secret swiss vaults . 
  hmm . 
  in the question about `` religious upbringing '' i chose atheist but it never really was a thing . 
  like at all . 
  i was n't brought up as an atheist , there just was no religion present . 
  i suppose that counts as an atheist but only indirectly . 
  and i do consider myself an ethnic minority in my country of residence/nation of birth although i never really thought of it that way . 
  oh well , that 's page one done . 
  about the drug questions , i do n't really identify with any of the answers possible for the questions other than psycho-drugs and cannabis . 
  i 'll make a suggestion . 
  sure , but foresight is difficult , especially with bubbles like that . 
  remove burgers from premises !, 
  what makes you think it 's imitaint the us , uk or japan ? 
  the guilder had \u0192 for example . 
  ` sides , a symbol is easy , recognisable and less abstract so that might count as well . 
  i do n't think it 's that easy though . 
  if you move an industry that 's been in an area for a long time then there 's going to be quite a bit of upheaval from people protesting it on either side ( do n't want it gone and do n't want it in their backyard ) and you 'd have logistical troubles with more people having to either move a longer distance from house to work or they 'd have to completely move and start living elsewhere . 
  this would be more plausible if you just had a blank slate to start with where you could just say `` we 'll do it like this ! '', 
  but we 're not just tiny , we 're also very densely populated and extremely developed so that would be ridiculously difficult . 
  i agree with you , but thats 's a difficult thing to do . 
  not just logistically and economically but you need to get everyone to agree with it too . 
  never heard of it . 
  i imagine it 's an area-specific askreddit sort of thing though with a select group of people talking about things . 
  i do n't see how any politicians would be able to stop it really . 
  there 's people living there and people = votes . 
  ofcourse , if ford did n't close down and if the fyra trains were actually of the necessary quality then there would n't even be an actual problem . 
  or there 's just no e-route in that area . 
  which means it 's pretty irrelevant for the map 's purpose . 
  yup , definitely came to mind here too . 
  although i suppose it was to be expected when you go after the cheapest possible . 
  : / all pretty sad really because the factory ca n't handle this being a flop which would probably kill the town they 're being made in . 
  ooh thanks for replying , i completely neglected to actually watch it . 
  i 'll take a look at your link first . 
  the top comment seems a bit ... odd though . 
  also , wow , he has a much nicer voice than i expected . 
  his german sounds pretty good , yeah . 
  making fun of him is definitely a shitty move , especially when it 's the brits doing it . 
  well , maybe you 're as fast as an old lady . 
  still not much of a stereotype though , if it 's just berlin . 
  capital cities tend to be ruder anyway , probably due to all the tourists all the time and maybe a touch of self importance . 
  he does look a bit awkward . 
  pity i ca n't get the sound here to work . 
  i do n't think he should be mocked for attempting a new language . 
  i think it 's more amusing to mock him for being really short and for wearing heels or plateaus to appear taller as well as forcing perspective in photoshoots . 
  that , and he 's still a damn scumbag .
