  if i get one in the change ( often at market ) i prefer to keep it . 
  it 's just such a fucking shame that the commemorative ones are all 2 euro 's . 
  yes , sometimes it refers to baby goats . 
  more like , sign of a poup . 
  i should hope they at least made europe 's largest dinosaur omelette . 
  nothing new . 
  children in the netherlands watched al-qaeda execution videos ten years ago as well . 
  white rural types in the highest level of secondary education . 
  regardless of which `` side '' you 're on , it always pays to be somewhat careful with statistics as they can be easily misinterpreted or intentionally twisted to paint a picture more favorable to your own cause . 
  adding in pathetic little snipes does not improve matters either . 
  because they 're twats with morbid curiosity or trying to be cool by looking up gruesome shit . 
  this is not anything new . 
  ten years ago it was rotten.com and al-qaeda execution videos . 
  same . 
  random dutch kids . 
  ofcourse this was the same time that rotten.com was really popular . 
  people were watching al-qaeda executions in the school library a bazillion years ago too . 
  i was n't the dreary fuck who googled it but i could n't tear myself away and watched a guy get decapitated anyway . 
  alaska is a penal colony . 
  i know , i know . 
  we just get singled out for using them . 
  and i think it 's a shame we 're * so * reliant on it . 
  raisins suck anyway . 
  ofcourse , okinawa is n't really mainstream japanese . 
  sometimes , sort of . 
  splashy if you pee in at a wrong angle , yeah , but not splashy when you poo . 
  yeah but that 's london . 
  hipster capital of the world . 
  exactly . 
  or fried potatoes . 
  i just wish we had retained more potato-less dishes from before the days of that tuer . 
  not that i mind potatoes but still , i feel we 're missing out on some good shit . 
  like parsnips and salsify . 
  a standard meal is meat , potatoes and vegetables so we 'd have to switch to a different format of meals if we want to do without potatoes all the time . 
  blind from masturbating so much ? 
  lots of hairy palms . 
  i fuckin ' knew it . 
  sure , i can understand why they 're baffled by it too . 
  i just do n't give a shit about what they may think of it nor do i think it 's anyone 's business to try and put a stop to it . 
  page not found . 
  this dutch father had one weird trick chefs hate !, 
  yes please . 
  i think this was just a restaurant trying to be fancy and unique and not use plates . 
  i just did yesterday . 
  i was shaving my face and had way too much shaving cream and the blade was due to be replaced anyway . 
  only men are . 
  do n't know . 
  we also have those a lot of the time but not as much pee-sitter-downers . 
  lions and tigers , only in kenya !, 
  why is `` every non-dutchie '' even remotely relevant ? 
  they do n't have a say in it . 
  i 'm not talking about black people in the netherlands , their opinions are relevant and valid but please for the love of fuck stop trying to drag everyone else into it . 
  they have nothing to do with it , do n't know the first thing about it and only see it according to their own cultural biases . 
  it 's not a blackface parade and disrupting shit makes you an asshole . 
  and worse yet , they barely included any [ worst ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/worst#dutch ) !, 
  we have some [ quite ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/droge_worst ) [ nice ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amsterdam_ossenworst ) [ ones ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/braadworst ) other than the [ rookworst ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rookworst ) mentioned . 
  where is this ? 
  then they 're a bunch of numpties that did n't prepare well enough in advance . 
  they should 've got some gieser wildeman pears and had them simmer/stew/idon ` tknowwhatitscalledinenglish for a while with cinnamon and wine and then you could eat that with fried onions , potatoes and a nice piece of meat . 
  maybe even a steak of some sort . 
  fuck now i want stoofpeertjes . 
   you 're really really underselling hungarian cuisine no worse than the youtube video was underselling dutch cuisine . 
  no sausages , no cheese , no pies/tarts or other pastries , no fish , no fruit , no eggs , no soups . 
  it 's just a wanky hipster thinking self-depreciation makes him funny . 
  come on , it 's both french * and * about food . 
  what else did you expect ? 
  that 's not even truueueueueeee . 
  there 's quite a few things that do n't involve any mashed potatoes . 
  you forgot `` in '' . 
  it 's painful though , i 'll give you that . 
  i 've seen a bunch of japanese students completely enamoured by an oven-baked variant of stamppot zuurkool . 
  one of them really loved oliebollen and has stated she will miss them in japan/misses them already and the other girl liked fryske droege woarst . 
  but it 's much easier to be an attention-whoring hipster and shit on stamppot instead . 
  easy target = easy views . 
  brilliant !, 
  the poldermodel , it works !, 
  a ) shitty history . 
  `` dutch do n't get high on their own supply '' is just a stupid comment to make . 
  during the heyday of the voc spices were in high demand here too and the average meal was different from the hue hue dae hate stamppot . 
  not in the least because potatoes arrived after the voc was founded . 
  and b ) aggressive self-deprecation with the goal of appealing to foreigners is getting tedious . 
  no need to kiss every anglophone ass for brownie points . 
  might want to invest in a few caravan guards for when you 're passing through jihadistan . 
  the show is daft anyway . 
  but but but he was n't finiiiiished . 
  or at the very least a hilarious prank . 
  hm true . 
  i never knew who the `` commenius '' school community was named after and now i do !, 
  awesome !, 
  it is ? 
  haha sure blame it on a french downvoting brigade rather than on the utter stupidity of your own comment . 
  all stereotyping and generalising but nothing sensible . 
   proof that the only people capable of beating the british , are the british . 
  hey , we went 50-50 in the four anglo-dutch wars . 
  one of them in which you were helped by both krauts and froggies and still failed your nefarious plot . 
  gosh . 
  i always liked cat 's elbows . 
  you wrote boerengat twice but with different translations . 
  well , it 's not a * rational * one now is it ? 
  it 's not backed up by reason or facts or anything .
