  i 'd rather have any sort of president be a first-among-equals type . 
  what a piece of crap . 
  the article is fucking retarded and the headline is over-dramatic sensationalist bullshit . 
  what they 're claiming is going to cause trouble `` hurr hurrr hurr blank gender + androgynous figure = bullyings '' is n't what this is about . 
  as far as i can tell , it 's more to do with intersex children for whom it is very hard to accurately figure out what either their sex or their gender is . 
  because of this , it makes sense not to be forced into any direction and then let the kid decide what they feel is best for themselves later . 
  means you have no chance of accidentally snipping off little billy 's tiny little baby-cock and forever damning him to be billita who he does not feel comfortable being . 
   willem-alexander is kind of new , not sure what he 's like formerly know as `` prince pilsener '' . 
  also a bit dopey but i do n't know his politics . 
  which are fairly irrelevant anyhow . 
  oh yeah , good point . 
  i was more thinking of things perfectly in between which would make a decision harder but there 's little reason to assume that someone is actually a girl because their messed up downstairs-parts look vaguely more female than male . 
  i think you were the first one to assume here though . 
  sure , but maybe she was just a bit dissappointed because she assumed she could 've kept all of it instead of just 50p . 
  well , yeah , but from her point of view it was n't a courtesy . 
  you were just being difficult as she was n't familiar with your modus operandi . 
  it was more convenient for you but she genuinely had no idea what you meant . 
  well look at mister fancy over here . 
  sorry for the late reply , but thanks for the explanation !, 
  it 's only cash , i was wrong . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  ofcourse , intersex people are a massive rarity too but something like this could work out well . 
   probably not a great idea for a first timer . 
  in retrospect , no . 
  it definitely did n't last eight hours though . 
  one or two , three at most . 
  i bought one of them again later but i was really put off the entire concept of weed brownies . 
  if it had n't been made with marijuana butter it would 've been a tastier brownie too , i think i would 've preferred that . 
  you can use them in the aldi . 
  means there 's less pressure to do something if the child 's sex is n't too clear as well as a maybe superfluous safeguard against misgendering potential trans * - children . 
  yeah , for some reason i had it wrong in my mind . 
  you 're absolutely correct . 
  debit does n't get rounded anywhere . 
  the reason i thought otherwise is because i always automatically compare the debit with the rounded cash price ; `` oh , paying debit saved me two cents today '' or `` i should 've paid cash , would 've been two cents cheaper . '', 
  good luck , we 're all counting on you . 
  rounding the bill is common here , yeah . 
  if you pay cash . 
  although supermarkets automatically round debit payments to the nearest 5 cents . 
  edit : i am wrong , thunderpriest is right . 
  i tried one of those once . 
  first time ever high too , bad idea . 
  i threw up about halfway in because some fast food disagreed with the constant swirliness in both my head and stomach and then i spent the rest of the time cleaning my sink . 
  much like the yanks fawn over the british monarcy , so do the jerries do with ours . 
  ofcourse , they 're half german anyway . 
  too bad it 's filled with bloody krauts . 
  the netherlands actually does have a trappist brewery . 
  one of only two not in belgium even . 
  it 's called la trappe ( poncy french name ) and i really liked their dubbel . 
   in english , we call this a ramp . 
  in dutch as well . 
  i like this guy . 
  yup . 
  shocked me a bit too , being in the north west of the netherlands . 
  i did n't expect a mere 1m to be quite that bad . 
  man , am i glad we have the defenses . 
  1m and i can start looking for some floaty wings . 
  luckily we have some protection ofcourse , but it is a bit unsettling . 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised with the netherlands . 
  we 're super wasteful . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  also cool . 
  cataphracts rule . 
  in that case , you 're welcome . 
  i had n't even noticed it . 
   nederlanden tiny nitpick ; it 's either `` nederland '' or `` koninkrijk der nederlanden '' . 
  for some reason the whole `` kingdom of the netherlands '' - thing actually makes the country itself plural too but the normal usage of the country name is singular . 
  in dutch at least . 
  not so in english . 
  france . 
  united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , including england , cymru , northern ireland , kernow if you want to count that and scotland/alba . 
  ofcourse i had seen [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/1k60gv/a_map_of_the_world_with_every_country_labelled_in/ ) earlier today so i may have had an extra unfair advantage . 
  some of them stuck ( like rom\u00e2nia ) but i knew the others beforehand . 
  they had some cool non-hoplite heavy spearmen in rome total war . 
  either mata hari or m.c. 
  escher i guess . 
  horloge in dutch too . 
  via french , probably . 
   rol\u00f3i in modern similar to * reloj * in spanish . 
  relatively , anyway . 
  lynx are much cooler than housecats anyway . 
  haha maybe they do but they 're hoping you do n't . 
  or it 's more a case of bad math than bad language , i guess . 
  checken but , oh gruwel , `` shoppen '' too . 
  basically a bunch of english verbs got nicked and had dutch grammar and conjugations applied . 
  gedverdemme . 
  it did . 
  actually yeah . 
  but how ? 
  haha yeah , it 's kinda cool . 
  although it sounds really awful . 
  same . 
  with quite a few belgians as well , but more germans . 
  [ grutte pier ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grutte_pier ) , although he 's more local . 
  seeing as he fought other people from what is now the same country it 'd be odd to say he was this country 's hero though . 
  still pretty cool . 
  you have a snowman coin ? 
  that is so awesome . 
   i 've just been to spain and france for 2 week . 
  if you had n't been there most of your coins would 've been germans . 
  i 'm honestly beginning to believe it .
