  those flowers . 
  also amusing is the pun in your link . 
  `` to take a leek '' . 
  means the same too ? 
  merci !, 
  ahh , thanks !, 
  and what does `` to take the french leave '' mean ? 
  oh , we have those too . 
  `` eventjes de bloemetjes water geven '' = watering the flowers for a while = taking a leak ( outdoors ) . 
  `` even de aardappels afgieten '' = straining the potatoes = taking a leak . 
   no idea why someone would n't care if his dick hurt . 
  could it be that you do n't care because you have something more important to worry about ; like the pain in your dick ? 
  roma are mentioned . 
  * ofcourse * it 's the sentiment of the article . 
  those tricksy roma , always changing the sentiment of articles !, 
  i learned the letters a bunch of years ago and can read them perfectly fine , the actual language ( s ) are a bigger problem . 
  i grew up with a dialect and i can do dutch ( which is closely related ) with no problem and without any thought and i can also do english ( slightly further related ) as easily as dutch and my native dialect too . 
  so i suppose that 's properly . 
  spanish , french , german , russian and mandarin chinese are not quite exactly nearly there yet . 
  [ of zee\u00ebgel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inb09bsxt0u ) . 
  emma and noah are french names ? 
  emma is also a pretty popular name here . 
  it 's always pretty popular on these kind of things . 
  never mind that i know absolutely no-one named sem * and * that it 's a horrible fucking name ... then again , i only know one `` sophie '' as well and she 's from south america . 
  nice !, 
  wait . 
  sure , nothing wrong with them , but what , exactly , is the point of them in this context ? 
  shitty dresscode too . 
  come on , school for the arts ? 
  it 's not like they need to look fancy and representative . 
  hell , they 're adults , treat them as such . 
  nobel for potpan0 !, 
  holy shit that 's awesome . 
  nah , you 're just on a whining streak . 
   i dont see how a place with incredibly harsh and brutal winters is a good place for old people . 
  keeps 'em well-preserved . 
   the display in the plane showed current altitude -3 m. 
  that 's a bit low for flight . 
  or really lucky if you 're into that . 
  [ close enough ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glorious_revolution ) . 
   not sure what you mean by `` wild forest '' , but if you mean land with trees and random stuff growing on it , then no , that 's not true at all , there are thousands of km2 . 
  i had a history teacher who said that basically every tree in the netherlands now has been planted by humans . 
  it sounds a bit hyperbolic though . 
  because the brits would 've made `` tadduxfrost '' from it by now and pronounce it `` thad '' . 
  i know a bunch of those too . 
  i just say they 're walloon if they insist on calling me a hollander . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with either walloons or hollanders but i 'd like some accuracy , tyvm . 
   a lot there wo n't even call them dutch/nederlands  which is odd , because the frisian language is as authentically dutch as the `` dutch '' language is . 
  except people always pretend it 's some sort of alien mumbo-jumbo . 
  i blame holland . 
  so , thin . 
  die kerel heette maurits cornelis escher . 
   they have created a nature preserve huh , i did n't even know about what that all entailed . 
  awesome . 
  dat is erg heftig . 
  it 's true . 
  should be possible , unless you want downtown amsterdam or a similarily ridiculous place . 
   i 'm living in melbourne now and the netherlands are actually pretty cheap in comparison jezus . 
   how is the new australian pm ? 
  australian . 
  there 's not much we can do for him , i 'm afraid . 
  it was a splendid effort . 
  `` die welt '' is slow on the uptake . 
  the horrid thing 's been around for weeks already . 
  it 's not . 
  i think he 's referring to the only thing he actually inhabits is his thought-world focused on language and its use . 
  spoken by the fish . 
  i would n't even have known an appropriate quote in frisian , haha . 
  he 's really into the whole solidarity thing , huh . 
  i dunno , you tell me . 
  you 're the one in a fit about it . 
   how popular is the name muhammad in london ? 
  that do n't mean diddly dude . 
  it often both incorporates every possible variation of the spelling and what makes it even less useful to guage anything is that people from the islamic world tend to have a much smaller pool of names they draw from . 
  mohammeds , muhammads , mahmouds all count as muhammad and beyond that you get precious few other names . 
   ask them to finger other muslim fanatics ? 
  with or without lube ? 
  do they get nail clippers ? 
  i dunno man , the article made me believe that the guys speaking out against it either did n't know before or did n't exactly have a platform earlier . 
  that 's pretty damn decent . 
  i like it . 
  no , it does n't say why . 
  there 's not only a shared colonial history though but all three had been unified and indepent waay before germany existed and germany had also had the effects of communism on one half and the red scare in the other for quite a while so i suspect those have some influence too but i really do n't know . 
  as a student : fuck no . 
  dors is fucking awful . 
  la trappe dubbel is fantastic though . 
  just a bit too pricy for a get-wasted party . 
  yup . 
   the best one : hertog jan as mass-produced lagers go , sure . 
  but i 'd say la trappe is much better . 
  i mean , * damn * . 
  woah !, 
  awesome !, 
  no flair ? 
  well , not yet anyway . 
  i 'm not sure what iceland is actually doing in that regard but i 'm pretty sure norway wo n't last all that long . 
  either they run out of oil or oil becomes obsolete . 
  i looked at `` riding the waves of culture '' by fons trompenaars and charles hampden-turner . 
  the book explains and gives examples of cultural diversity in business and compares cultural attitudes in countries . 
  i 've looked at 7 different categories , 5 out of 7 were `` won '' by the uk , 1 by france and 1 was a shared french/british win .
