  my bad there i guess . 
   so what party usually wins ? 
  amusingly enough , the cda had been very big for a very long time and they seem to be at a record low now . 
  in 2003 they had 44 seats , in 2006 41 and in 2010 only 21 and now they 're down to thirteen . 
  pvda has iirc been pretty big as well ( especially here up north ) but they 've reached a record high this time around . 
  i really do n't know a whole lot about the recent histories of the political parties but i think the vvd has , in the last decade , mainly become popular with the populist spin-off parties . 
  starting with fortuyn , then on to verdonk for a short time , with now wilders ( who already has spin-offs from his own party ) . 
  they tend to appeal to anti-islam sentiments but i think that now because of the crisis the anti-islam idea is less important than the economy and the newly found anti-europe from the pvv does n't nearly appeal as much anymore . 
  the vvd is the biggest party at the moment and apparently their economic liberal policies as well as the `` fuck the foreign poor '' idea appeals to people . 
  i 'm not remotely offended by the marijuana legislation . 
  it 's a completely valid point . 
  japanese tourists show up here for the museums , the tulips , the windmills and madurodam and what have you , but the us and , say , italians come over here for pot . 
  sure , culture too but italy has that in spades already . 
  iirc there even was a rush when the plans to make it more difficult to obtain for foreigners were announced . 
  this is actually one of the few points where i 'm anti-eu in . 
  they feel uneasy with legal marijuana but to me it 's the only sensible option . 
  it allows greater revenues for the state , it 's safer for businesses and better for the consumer too . 
  for some reason the vvd is against it . 
  so are the confessional parties but dutch protestantism tends to be of the `` no fun allowed '' type of religion so i can atleast understand their position . 
  i admit i have n't really looked into * why * they hold this position though . 
   i 'm not too sure we have such individualised parties , the parties here usually are n't one-issue parties though . 
  they tend to bring in ideas and policies on all sorts of issues ( because they 'll also be asked them !, 
  even the party for the animals had to have an idea for the issue of home mortgage interest reduction because apparently that 's important ) . 
  so they all bring in a lot of stuff but from a particular point of view . 
  50 + wants to avoid making seniors suffer or pushed to the sidelines , pvda wants to keep a solid social framework , animal party has leftist ideas on all sorts of issues with an extra sauce of animal protection and the pvv just yells loudly , which did n't get them anywhere this time . 
  i think it 's more to do with how the elections are set-up . 
  here , it is expected that you 'll need to co-operate with others , but the uk has a first past the post system , right ? 
  there is the difference i think . 
   thanks again for explaining , i like the way you write as well , its clear and funny . 
   oh wow , hey thanks . 
  i was wondering it had become too much of a mess to be interesting . 
  fair enough . 
  good point but in this case they 're just keeping up with current news . 
  predictions become kind of obsolete by the time their predictions are supposed to come true . 
  in the case of nasty dirt like that they probably should n't update , no . 
  holy fuck that 's a pretty big comment . 
  oh that makes sense . 
  the x-axis ( horizontal ) depicts left - right and the y-axis progressive - conservative . 
  the images move from light grey to dark grey to coloured to show their changes . 
  furthest to the left , the big red `` sp '' with the heart ( actually a tomato but does n't look like it at this size ) is the `` socialistische partij '' . 
  the socialist party , obviously . 
  they 're socialist ( duh ) and vocally anti-european union . 
  ( not actually anti-europe , that 's daft ) starting equally to the left but more progressively ( higher up ) is groenlinks ( greenleft ) . 
  they 're the green party , also socialist . 
  i do n't know about their stance on the eu but they 're not as noisily against as the pvv or sp so i assume they 're pro . 
  they 've moved significantly to the right ( but i do n't know how or why ) and are slightly more progressive now too . 
  below the second step of groenlinks you see a confusing smudge . 
  that 's the result of a far too detailed logo compressed to this level and then put , in triplicate , on top of each other . 
  that 's the pvdd ( partij van de dieren ) , the party of the animals . 
  socialist , pro-animal rights . 
  nearby you can see the purple white 50 plus logo . 
  it 's for the 50 + party , a party for the elderly . 
  they campaign for everyone else to git offa their dang lawns . 
  or more accurately , they 're ( as far as i know ) fairly one-issue and that 's to do with the pensions and their retirements . 
  i should look this up but i assume they 're against lowering pensions and raising the retirement ago . 
  they were n't around ( or have n't moved since ) in the last election and so only show up once . 
  between the last position of groenlinks and the 50 + is the pvda . 
  labour party . 
  they got a close second place in the elections and they 're pro-europe socialists . 
  iirc they want to invest in education and healthcare and such . 
  on the intersection between left and right in progressive land you can see the first position of d66 . 
  democrats '66 ( founded in 1966 ) . 
  i honestly ca n't tell you anything about them but they moved further to the right and became more progressive . 
  whatever that means . 
  on the intersection between progressive and conservative on the left-right bar halfway to the right , you can see the starting position of vvd . 
  ( volkspartij voor vrijheid en democratie , vvd ) the people 's party for freedom and democracy , they 're the liberals . 
  very much free-market liberals with some peculiarities ( opposed to marijuana legislation , which ( to me ) is governmental meddling in both economic liberty and private citizens ) . 
  they 're the winners ( with a small difference ) this election . 
  i looked them up with wikipedia and do agree with some of their things but they also insist on giving everybody a 1000 euro tax decrease which seems silly to me as well as being opposed to giving aid to other countries . 
  not so much emergency earthquake stuff but the other long-term things . 
  i ca n't think of the proper word . 
  the bird is the pvv , they 're the anti-eu party par excellence and are anti-islam , anti-immigration . 
  i do n't like them but you could look them up , i 'm sure you 've heard of them . 
  :d the green letters `` cda '' are the christian democratic appeal although they seem to be vaguely confessional these days , with some muslim members . 
  they 're generally considered centre but they 're further to the right than the pvv in this chart . 
  the cu you see there is the christian union which is a more hardline christian version of the cda . 
  and the sgp is the absolute most hardcore biblemongering party around . 
  they 're not very popular except for some very specific areas in the country . 
  their `` lijsttrekker '' ( list puller , most important candidate ) made some stupid remarks about abortions and rapes ( in the same vein as todd akin in the usa , believing there 's a natural mechanism against conceiving after rape ) . 
  i hope this helps . 
  i did not know much about the party points specifically but i could atleast give you the names . 
  ~ ~ but why does the vvd show up double ? 
  they show up extremely far-left and conservatizing further and further and they show up elsewhere in a more sensible position too . ~ ~ oops . 
  that 's the fucking legend . 
  i 'm stupid at times . 
  pretty neat graph but a source would be sweet . 
  it 's fun how the north is thorougly red as well as the cities in the randstad . 
  i think it would be hard to see a bigger contrast between urbanised and non-urbanised but apparently they have social thoughts in common . 
  and 51 % sgp in urk . 
  i 'm not surprised they 'd be in the lead there but did n't expect quite this much . 
  ouch . 
  edit : volendam is a bit of a surprise . 
  took a bit of looking but a huge victory for the vvd with the pvv close behind . 
  i expected more confessional success there . 
  i 'm flabbergasted they got the dutch wrong . 
  i thought they were always pretty much socialist . 
  i have n't been paying a whole lot of attention though . 
  i 'd vote for the pvda , i guess . 
  i like it . 
  good article and does n't seem biased .
