  it 's funny because it 's sad it 's true . 
  also , the frisian stronk !, 
  let 's just borrow one of those yank nukes . 
   alaska is chill . 
  yeah but they got palin . 
  i did . 
  it sounds like it and he looks like it . 
  edit : half-thor , son of bear . 
  lol, 
  it 's just that half-thor fellow raising the average . 
  that 's true , yeah . 
  okay , fair enough . 
  so how are you disagreeing with me ? 
  title slightly misleading but okay . 
  these were three ethnic minority children and the issue was the fosterparents ' supposed view on immigration . 
  i do n't know their actual stance on it though . 
  likely not that bad if they were fostering these children already . 
  well , yeah . 
  because by then merkel had already established germany as the relevant authority-figure . 
  having claimed leadership , it 's not odd that people demand more was shown . 
  and germany is a european powerhouse , so without it would be impossible . 
  so thank you germany for trying . 
  that 's because fucking is fracking awful and does n't solve anything . 
  oh wow , seven whole more years by fracking around blackpool ? 
  jippeeskip the world is saved !, 
  yeah , that 's who i meant in the last sentence as well . 
  could n't think of the name . 
  this is hilarious . 
  must be because of all the pretend starlets from there . 
  oh wow , i did not know that . 
  very very interesting . 
  i 'm not so sure about repopulating . 
  there were still people living there . 
  the roman empire may not have had a hold on it anymore but that does n't mean the island was empty when the angles and the jutes and all the others came around . 
  and part of why , say , the nazi 's never reached britain was because there was a channel inbetween . 
  had britain and france switched places for the duration of the war then britain would 've been blitzed and france would 've had time to build up defenses and shoot down invading fleets and the luftwaffe . 
  definitely . 
  having an island mostly to yourself is an enormous boon to defence . 
  especially if it 's a sizable island with lots of possibilities for you to build ships to defend the shore . 
  amusingly enough , there are claims that britain itself has n't been invaded since 1066 when the normans came . 
  which completely ignores both the raid on the medway ( which i 'm not sure counts ) and the glorious revolution which certainly does . 
  no , those are in the netherlands . 
  in friesland to be precise . 
  ahhh . 
  still silly , but not quite * as * silly . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  i 've actually seen stuff implying you 'd need a birth certificate as well as a current adress in the netherlands . 
  the entirety of it should just be legalised and regulated though . 
  375 points . 
  pretty neat . 
   yesterday 's askreddit thread about the most racist places in the world painted you guys in a bit of a negative light , i 'm kinda curious but ca n't find anything over there . 
  do you have a link to that thread ? 
  yep . 
   there are many subscribers from other continents . 
  how about `` europeans and other assorted riff-raff . '', 
   why did judas rat to romans while jesus slept ? 
  because god could n't get his masochistic kicks any other way . 
  it was predestined . 
  well , not at the moment , it 's 11pm . 
  but yes , basically . 
  in one of [ these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/university_college#netherlands ) . 
  kind of interesting . 
  haha that 's always fun too . 
  i 've had that happen once or twice at the end of a long day in a dull class . 
  i 'm almost glad i do n't have to listen to that . 
  ouch . 
  sounds dull . 
  hah , do n't worry . 
  you did n't . 
  oh , interesting . 
  i have no idea how addiction works , so i ca n't say anything about that . 
  with some , maybe . 
  although i guess it 's also possible they 'll just get addicted earlier . 
  you probably could , i 'm no fan of orange juice . 
  :p would that tactic work though ? 
  i 've only actually started drinking in any `` getting tipsy '' amounts since last year . 
  i 'm now 22 haha . 
  what kind of point would that have been then ? 
  that your mum is slightly silly ? 
  you would 've gotten sick from 20 glasses of orange juice too , that does n't prove anything other than that excess is bad . 
  haha , well could be . 
  i think if you do it too much you 're mainly just seen as an idiot . 
  that said , kids drinking themselves into a coma are a problem . 
  od ` ing on alcohol apparently is kinda cool if you 're 12-17 or whatever . 
  and i 've been asked ( back when i was 16 ) by thirteen-year olds to buy them cigarettes but the hell with that . 
  not in the netherlands anyway . 
  german ( audi , bmw ) , swedish ( volvo ) and czech ( skoda ) cars are seen far more often in commercials , along with cars like toyotas , hyundais and such . 
  american cars are generally seen as too big and too thirsty ( needs too much fuel ) by people . 
  you just blew my mind man . 
  haha , in dutch the same thing is `` kabeljauw '' . 
  strangely similar but with some letters mixed up . 
  hah , i brought up italians because i recall newspapers talking about a stream of italian tourists after plans to limit sale to foreigners were announced . 
  obviously would also apply to the british as well as the germans and the belgian who iirc had been complaining for stricter laws in the first place . 
  all i know of is a few students around here who smoke marijuana and i also know of a few who think it 's not worth trying and such . 
  i 'd like to try but seeing as it 's bad for your lungs i wo n't want to smoke it too often . 
  i also recall some stats from a while back that compared marijuana use in the netherlands versus that of people of the same age group in the usa . 
  the americans did it a lot more often and more of them tried it and i think part of why is because it 's seen as an edgy thing to do . 
  it being strictly forbidden but harmless to anyone but yourself makes it an intriguing thing to try . 
  i just looked up the 50plus party . 
  they 're a bit more complicated than i thought they were , they want flexible retirement ages ( no automatic redundancy when retirement age is reached either ) they do seem to have some sensible points , seems i dismissed them too soon as a party for selfish babyboomers trying to hog all the wealth .
