  it 's obvious . 
  the co-pilot was a cyborg and nazi illuminati cia agents hacked into his brain from afar and made him crash into the mountain . 
  no doubt the wreckage of his body has already been hidden away by cia agents . 
  what i do n't know is whether they wanted to kill a specific person on board or if this was just a proof of concept ... edit ; maybe i should 've added an / s. . . 
   this is unpopular but i agree with you . 
  it clearly is n't . 
  and regardless of whether or not we should be promoting assholes , it still fucking blows that he 's gone and top gear is either falling apart or has to change . 
  he deserved to be sacked but that does n't mean this does n't blow . 
  agreed . 
  part of the charm * was * that jeremy clarkson is an insufferable arse . 
  this does not apply to atkinson . 
   fifth gear did that involve clarkson at any point ? 
  i do n't give a shit about the car show though . 
  i just think they 're a funny bunch of morons . 
  a different show would need a different bunch of morons which will likely be a lot less funny . 
  i mean , if i wanted to watch an unfunny bunch of morons in a car show , i 'd watch fifth gear instead . 
  a brick , beef & bovril smoothie . 
  karel de grote , that should be obvious . 
  mata hari and mc escher right from the town i live in , rembrandt , van gogh , vermeer , mondriaan and a bunch of other painters such as lawrence alma tadema also from this country . 
  and erdogan is trying to do the same . 
  because they were n't really allowed to sell it due to traces of medicine and shit . 
  they bought it on the cheap , relabelled it and sold it on the sly , cutting costs and deceiving the beef-buying public . 
  sure , but this meat was from horses that had been used as pets and for sport and as a result had been taking powerful horse medicine or some shit like that and that left traces in the meat and was a sort of danger to public health if i recall correctly . 
  furthermore , this stuff was intentionally mislabelled and people who * thought * they were buying beef were deceived into buying horse instead . 
  selling horse meat is perfectly fine if you 've gone through the relevant regulations to sell it as horse meat , i suppose . 
   how would you punish clarkson but not the viewers ? 
  have him drive around in caravans and on motorbicycles instead of the flashy cars for at least a year . 
  little bibendum is n't even american but i 've seen enough people claim he is so i suppose it does work as a `` stereotypical face '' . 
   forgiven . 
  no point holding a grudge 70 years hence at germans who never ahd anything to do with it . 
  forgotten ? 
  forgiven ? 
  the people who did it are dead already . 
  it 's over , forgiveness does n't even come into it . 
   by other european populations which seems like a strange thing to claim anyway as the germans really are n't alone in this . 
  nederland best . 
  big . 
  i 'm american , do i get a trophy ? 
  you did better than i did on the states ' states . 
  76 % , 115 out of 150 . 
  so the balkans . 
  they seem to cause quite a lot of trouble for people in this thread . 
  there 's a fairly easy mnemonic ; they 're in alphabetical order from north to south . 
  so estonia at the top , then latvia , then lithuania . 
  other hits are estonia wants to be nordic ( and is closest ) and lithunia used to be in a union with poland ( and is closest to that ) and that leaves only latvia in the middle . 
  i do not get that either . 
  one is stronk glorious highly developed nation which is a powerhouse in both the services and the agrarian sector , the other is a weak pathetic pretending-to-be-advanced state full of corrupt banks and boring fields with smelly cattle . 
  47 out of 47 , 141 out of 141 . 
  it started off with moldova and i wasted some minutes trying to reason where it was in the balkans untill i realised it was n't in the balkans . 
  also how dare they exclude glorious soviet socialist republic of transdnistria . 
  ahem , never mind . 
  it was pretty easy although the balkans always cost me some time and often screw me over . 
  i guess the order helped here . 
  huh , interdasting . 
  also looks like `` bioscoop '' is not a particularily popular term apparently . 
  well that 's wrong . 
  i 've never heard `` kino '' said in a dutch context . 
  that 's a german word . 
  cinema is if i recall correctly sometimes used in flanders but it 's `` bioscoop '' or `` bios '' in the netherlands . 
  man , fucking clickbait title on the article . 
  completely useless . 
  yeugh silly bastard . 
  does this mean internet-yanks will quit with the surrender monkey jokes ? 
  people with fake tans need n't go to the beach . 
  ah , back to the old ways ? 
  i misread the title as `` 6 biggest parties receive 10-16 % of the votes '' and though this was the * total * . 
  i 'm kinda disappointed now . 
  still big loss for them . 
  well , they 're right . 
  and honestly , i 've only really seen this since fairly recently and only on reddit . 
  i kinda like it . 
  we have best fries . 
  germans ca n't drink for shit . 
  they would n't even try the beerenburg i offered them preferring instead to slurp their lidl-brand `` beer '' . 
  belgians drink so that they do not have to face the atrocity that is their country sober . 
  true but it makes it less annoying to me . 
  i 'm more annoyed by people going `` bloobloo dey r irrlevant anyways xd lets just ignore them '' . 
   that 's not how annoyance works . 
  that 's exactly how it works . 
  donchu sit there and tell me what is annoying to me and what is n't , homedog . 
  people insisting to use the wrong word are annoying to me . 
  people correcting that are not . 
  easy-peasy . 
   so if people use it to mean that , and understand that , then it is a name for it . 
  yeah sure bavaria . 
  so exactly like hostels in the rest of europe , got it . 
  and then there 's the dutch tank !, 
  it 's the cheapest of all of them and it has the upside of being totally invisible as well . 
  not just stealth , but completely invisible !, 
  it would be annoying if they were wrong . 
  because that 's what every foreigner googles for . 
  yes , it * is * annoying when people say `` holland '' when they mean `` the netherlands '' . 
  no no , you misunderstood . 
  or i said it poorly . 
  i get them * as change when i buy things at the market * . 
  the commemorative ones have to do with changes in dutch royalty , something something olympics and a french one commemorating the [ \u00c9lys\u00e9e treaty ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89lys%c3%a9e_treaty ) . 
  yeah but the catch to the catch is that you can return the empty bottles to the supermarket and get like 20 cents back again . 
  and you only taste the first bunch anyway . 
  i kinda like collecting the special ones . 
  aka , the ones from countries i do n't see coins of often but also any of the many commemorative coins .
