  russkoye tankovitch factoreyedev . 
   really , a win win for everyone . 
  except russki tankski factorieskies . 
  good points though , i had n't thought that far about it and it definitely sounds hella clever . 
  good for kraut economy , good for polish military , good that poland has to rely less on russia , brilliant . 
  i 'm both shocked and appalled . 
  if he walked outdoors with that then he 'd leave the streets substantially cleaner than you found it . 
  oh yeah it 'd be kinda cool . 
  saves on expensive and polluting air traffic as well . 
  well they 've got hands . 
  they can hold their own umbrellas . 
  it 's not as if they 're doing anything with their hands if they 're walking outdoors anyway . 
   obviously it would pass from the low countries and germany . 
  there already is something like it from rotterdam to paris . 
  you can go from rotterdam to paris is less time than from rotterdam to the north of the netherlands . 
  which is kinda ` diculous as those trains tend to be over-capacity as well . 
   poverty is clearly a factor how so ? 
  are you implying the uk is poverty-wise on par with poland ? 
  or are you implying poverty leads to * good * cardiovascular health and , in doing so , implying that the western netherlands are * poor * ? 
   the lack of common sense in government is horrendous . 
  i dunno , it seems derived from their voting public . 
  but a knock-off krakow is much more affordable !, 
   but have forgotten what communist rule means ? 
  nope . 
  it 's just that leftist parties tend to not be hardcore commies . 
  they 're all variations on the social-democratic theme but you 're gon na have a hard time finding a substantial amount of stalinists . 
  the `` far left '' in europe is n't actually all that far at all . 
  what far left ? 
   25 \u00b0 c jesus christ man . 
  it 's 25 here now due to the weather but it 's more than i 'd like . 
  for some reason i only noticed the first part of your claim , that they 'd be against the eu . 
  that 's not what you said , so my apologies . 
  it 's true , they clearly could n't be arsed to vote . 
  but voter turnout is pretty low in other elections as well so i think that also has an influence . 
  people are just too lazy i guess . 
  haha , it 's there now . 
  the red dudes in the right image is the democratic party apparently . 
  `` most ? '', 
  based on what ? 
  ah , fair enough . 
  could be man , i dunno . 
  i do n't think it pays to jump to conclusions and assume a media cover-up though . 
  utoya got massive attention and eventually turned out to be breivik instead of muslims . 
  maybe media is trying to avoid another such faux-pas , i dunno . 
  what actual data is here though ? 
  the regions are neat but i 'm not seeing data . 
  could also be neo-nazi 's ofcourse . 
  they , historically , are also less than amicable with jews . 
  oh look at mister hoity-toity here !, 
  thinks he 's so much more than us with his square and his box !, 
  bah , it 's wrong !, 
  that 's not how we vote !, 
  we fill in a bubble with red pencil not put a cross over an empty * square * !, 
  i 'd like that . 
  there was also the aptly-named anti-eu partij and the commies do n't seem too fond of the eu at the moment either . 
  probably an attempt to scrounge up the leftist anti-eu sentiments though . 
   in my country ( nl ) it is mainly perceived as a referendum on leaving the eu huh , really ? 
  yeah maybe kinda-sorta in the political ads ( have been missing those ) but i do n't think this is really a theme in anyone i know . 
  basin/bison . 
  does n't really work . 
  fair enough . 
  those mountains of dirt seem to inspire your german tourists well enough to come build some mountains of their own on our beaches though . 
  getting rid of us with water ? 
  oh please . 
  same as spanish in spain . 
  come on man , it 's the daily dot . 
  it 's gunna be shite regardless of what sources they claim . 
  to be fair , i do n't think wilders is as much in the wrong as saudi-arabia is in this case though . 
  where did you find that ? 
  i ca n't find anything worthwhile . 
  there 's a list with some notes behind it but that does n't explain the ranking in any way . 
  moreover , the image says `` respect of human rights , full equality '' for 100 % . 
  legally speaking , gender or sexuality has absolutely no bearing on things , so i do n't know what 's driving the score down . 
  okay , good luck with that . 
  `` when '' ? 
  gawrsh really ? 
  well now , rude . 
   : i also , i was kinda expecting this in a different thread on / r/europe where i was talking with , and about , other frisian redditors haha . 
  it 's entirely possible . 
  i have n't really paid attention to that though . 
  bit childish though . 
  steaks ai n't dairy , you 've already lost the contest . 
  oh no not the flag now i ca n't vote socialist anymore . 
  i remembered a bunch but went snooping in places where i knew i could find them . 
  / r/thenetherlands or / r/frisia . 
  i had an art teacher named dick kok . 
  there 's also the politican tiny cox . 
   best dairy products in europe . 
  them 's big words boyo . 
   all transylvanians are essentially hungarian the rest of the world thinks all transylvanians are essentially vampires . 
  kinda , yeah . 
   so it 's just the principle of some people being born royal ? 
  that 's mostly it . 
  nah there 's more . 
  and it kinda does n't . 
  how many limburgers/south hollanders/zeelanders can you name ? 
  i 'm betting there 's proportionately more frisians than utrechters on the site . 
  why not ? 
  i do n't think they have any particular right to an inherited cushy job and living on the taxpayers ' dime . 
  and i 'm just not fond of any hierarchical ideas of bloodlines and value based solely on descent .
