  and invested wisely . 
  damn you !, 
  so i * was * right . 
  i knew it was the bbc doing that shit as well . 
   a german guy starts talking on natgeo or so and then an american voice comes in over the german voice . 
  i thought this was what the brits did ? 
  bloody annoying anyhow . 
  sounds interesting although the time-span seems so limited . 
  oh well , i suppose that still allows for quite a bit of military development , just in more detail than in euiii . 
  i 'll give it a pass for now though as my laptop is a right royal arse with a complete system fuck-up last week and two bsod 's this week . 
  possibly the latter . 
  i mean , i do n't think london is a particular hotbed of social democracy what with being the banking capital of europe or whatever . 
  well , get to learning then !, 
  some people here also get offended/pissy if you speak frisian in their neighbourhood . 
  even when it clearly has nothing to do with them they want to be center of attention anyway . 
  they automatically assume it 's about them as well . 
  the eurovision was started in the french-speaking bit of switzerland though . 
  they 've always spoke french for eurovision . 
  i would n't mind having just one presenter but i 'm not so sure why it ca n't be the french . 
  same goes for the french really . 
  i do n't see why everything has to be english dominant anyway . 
  i think the brits are a lot more self-absorbed and conceited with the whole language thing . 
  everybody has to learn and use theirs but they do n't make any effort otherwise . 
  at least the french speak two languages at once in these situations . 
   what about eurovision , huh ? 
  haha yeah . 
  heh , makes sense . 
  time for the 7 kingdoms to start building more spitfires and catapults and duke it out with all the fryhtans roaming the land !, 
  i was n't talking about any kind of federation though . 
  all-out war between ten independent kingdoms !, 
  sonsabitches !, 
  one can never play too many grand strategies . 
  although i 'm getting bored with euiii/it 's gone from my computer anyway . 
  well too bad they 're gon na get it anyway !, 
  in two ?!, 
  split it in 10 !, 
  an independent norn iron , an independent wales and an independent scotland and it 's back to the heptarchy with england !, 
  after that we 'll shatter the krauts back into kleinstaaterei , spain divided into galicia , leon , navarre , aragon and castille , italy back to it 's pre-unification borders and france into a loose collection of warring duchies . 
  and the usa can turn into 30-odd sperate nationstates vying for dominion . 
  i predict the texan theocracy to grow quite powerful in the south what with all the guns . 
   except you can not read `` ai '' wrong in dutch  yes you can . 
  and i 'm not just saying that in an `` i 'll show you '' kind of way . 
  you can say archaisch or archa-isch . 
  the trema is there instead of the hyphen in my example . 
  the a and the i are seperate sounds . 
   i miss the old spelling of the word zee-eend zee\u00ebgel is also fun . 
  thank you , kabouter wesley . 
  the question that flew through my mind was `` does the britqueen really care about being ` last queen of scotland ' '' ? 
  seems like the hysterical rags are putting words in her mouth . 
  i like reading snippets of non-english once in a while . 
  i do n't think it 's an attempt at establishing another german-french-english hegemony either . 
  some people are just interested in using their language or seeing languages other than english . 
  it also helps for me that there 's quite a bunch of dutch-speaking people and even a lot of frisians around on reddit . 
  even so , just using an extra language is entirely up to you and if you do n't want to make that effort in posting in a non-english language , that 's fine but it 's not like the audience is losing out on anything anyway as everything is also in english . 
  how does it play into any such french narrative ? 
  just because a french guy started it does n't mean he 's claiming it 's some sort of lingua franca . 
  and i do n't think that people accusing that french user of elitism , arrogance or nationalism have a point either . 
  it 's just a fun exercise and if you do n't like it just do n't join . 
  people speaking in other languages will usually add an english translation anyway so it 's not as if anything is lost for the anglophone . 
  chinese is pretty much built on accents though . 
  they 're just not very visible in writing . 
  it 's all tonal . 
  i think he means `` opposition '' . 
  holland . 
  ofcourse , what else . 
  to blazes with that . 
  huh . 
  in dutch the words for `` waste '' and `` sin '' are the same . 
  sure , but i still do n't think the classification really comes into it . 
  see , now that 's the kind of efficiency i can get behind . 
  always thinking of the common people , i like that . 
  yeah , do n't kick it when it 's down . 
  it ca n't help the fact that it 's fuck ugly . 
  yes my heart was racing and my blood was boiling . 
  you can tell because i wrote more than ten words . 
  to say that people thought they were poisonous because they 're in the nightshade family sounds really odd . 
  they had to have been familiar with it before they could classify it . 
  and every time someone posts in dutch some other clown comes along and trots out the same old hackneyed and utterly stupid clich\u00e9 . 
  over and over and over a-fucking-gain . 
  well they did it some 1400 years earlier as well . 
  je moeder looks like a very drunk scottish person . 
  i think the variation is refreshing . 
  en niet china of de vs oid . 
  i think we do . 
  sort of . 
  i know i saw `` gollandski waffli '' in yekaterinburg when i was there . 
  sort of stroopwafel-esque except with a more nutty , almost nutella-y flavour to the syrup . 
  pretty decent actually . 
  well there is n't any kind of democratic attention given to us bases , really . 
  i think his point is mostly that it ought to be up to the vote instead of being a silent formality as it seems to be now . 
   i really do n't understand uk 's relationship with the rest of europe . 
  nobody does . 
  seems like a much more reasonable option than pulling shit out of your ass and believing * that * . 
  and luist sounds belgian so there . 
  though it 's `` pampers '' up here too . 
  partially i guess because the `` ui '' - sound does n't come as naturally . 
  certainly did n't for me . 
  i even checked . 
  this comment here was 7 minutes older than your edit . 
  unless you edited again after that .
