  which is , i am sure , all wonderfully completely relevant with regards to laws , freedoms and equal treatment of such . 
  i thought there already was an independent serbia ? 
   where do they want the current isreali state and the people living there to go ? 
  that 's maybe putting it a bit too strongly . 
  cultures do change and there 's nothing wrong with that , i 'd just like if it people did n't automatically scream racism and were a bit more honest in their behaviour . 
  haha mostly . 
  i * do * think americans need to keep their noses out of it instead of taking cheap shots at it via tv-shows and i also do n't think it 's actually racist . 
  i can see why someone is opposed to it and it 's a complex issue but i do n't think it 's easily explained away as racism or blackface . 
  i mean , zwarte piet is a specific character and represents himself . 
  he does not represent an entire race . 
  he 's a black guy acting silly . 
  i know nobody , aside from easily excited people on the internet and on some tv shows , who extrapolate that into `` dutch people think all black people are silly '' . 
  that 's certainly not a dutch thing . 
  nobody looks at zwarte piets and thinks `` yes , this is exactly how black people act '' . 
  it 's a bunch of foreigners inserting their own cultural biases and seeing racism where there is none . 
  and that caught on for a part of the dutch population as well . 
  it 's all yankee cultural imperialism maaan , we 're being colonised i tell ya . 
  if by weird you mean `` obnoxious '' then yes . 
  i did not know that . 
  i imagine kate beaton did though and that 's why she has franklin saying `` that 's not what i had in mind '' . 
  why do you assume `` europeans '' would by default use british english ? 
  it 's an airplane to everyone i personally know . 
  how can you declare someone civil war ? 
  you forgot - tay . 
  yeah , not familiar with her work ? 
  pretty funny takes on historical happenings usually . 
  ^ ( it 's kinda similar to p-ball as well sometimes ) . 
  just russian politics in general and putin in particular . 
  some of these `` caricatures '' are pretty heavy-handed propaganda though . 
  [ relevant kate beaton ] ( http://www.harkavagrant.com/index.php?id=277 ) . 
  some of those are downright propaganda and would n't be amiss in the 2nd world war . 
  had it been named after the right and proper most honourable prinicipiality i could have forgiven it . 
  but it 's instead named after the repugnant danish sjaelland . 
  man that 's redonkulous . 
  sealand . 
  really . 
  which numpty do i need to smack to get that shit rectified ? 
  that 's a horrible shape and an even worse name . 
  wow . 
  yes , i know it 's much larger . 
  i have a map on my wall and at 2-3 meter distance i can barely see the netherlands but sweden is noticable . 
  wow , combined not even ? 
  although i 'd give sweden a bit more leeway on this as they 're a lot more mountainous . 
  just like scotland , which makes it a bit less easily settlable . 
  [ i have now !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2bhch6/population_density_in_the_netherlands_and_belgium/ ), 
  that sounds interesting and plausible . 
  heh good point . 
  i think i 'll pop over to / r/askhistorians tomorrow morning and ask a bit . 
  maybe they know why and for how long this has been the case . 
  oh it might be . 
  i do n't actually know why our population density is comparatively higher than yours . 
  i think it 's been that way for quite a while though what with the different pseudo-countries fighting/competing against eachother at one point in time . 
  less people in an area make it easier to keep together and conquer as there 's no-one to oppose you . 
  might be interesting to ask around in / r/askhistorians . 
  oh i know it 's not a fair comparison . 
  it 's just that i 'm used to the relative density * here * and then looking at otherwise similar countries it 's really noticable . 
  i went by what the previous poster said . 
  anyway . 
  denmark ( excluding greenland ) is * slightly * bigger than the netherlands . 
  but has * less than one third * of its population . 
  it just boggles my mind man . 
  especially as you guys have pretty much the same landscape and climate . 
  i still think it 's ridiculous denmark has only 5,5 million people . 
  ofcourse , you 're not as bad as scotland . 
  latvia does n't even * have * rollercoasters so you can imagine how confused he was !, 
  what a weird situation though . 
  law is vague , lawyers are really useful but nobody wants them ? 
  odd . 
  sorry for the late reply by the way . 
  yup . 
  trappists are very filling . 
  obvious culture-difference . 
  worldnews is completely clownshoes though . 
  before i read your edit i was wondering why / u/kimi712 _ would need to know all the girls who were kidnapped by boko haram in order to have an opinion on it . 
  man , if that old-timer was still going i 'd definitely take a taxi there . 
  thonx beb . 
  i think shitty sensationalist reporting is a seperate issue from flag half-mast though . 
  so i 'm still not sure why you 're bring it up here . 
  i mean , i can see your point , just not the location . 
  why are you whining about all sorts of bullshit when your single gripe seems to be with a fucking video ? 
  fuck off man . 
  i do n't give half a goddamn tit about russo-american relations here . 
  nearly 200 of my countrymen died in an inferno and you 're sitting here like a whiny little weasel blaming it on obama who is in no way actually involved in this absolute mess of thing . 
  go fuck yourself with your whiny obama-bahing , your media-whinging and your politicising . 
  and your bollocks about `` the '' media backpedalling on some contrived initial report is complete and utter bullshit . 
  there is no single `` the '' media and you can bet your shitty little ass that the dutch media did n't start out with `` maybe some americans died as well ! '', 
  fuck no . 
  it 's a symbol of grief , mourning and respect . 
  to acknowledge the tragedy that happened and to demonstrate that those who lost their family members are not alone in their grief and that there is support . 
  but i do n't think you actually give half a shit and instead you were just looking for an excuse to climb up on your soapbox so you can give your petty , conceited little speech . 
  amazingly , it 's not about your country in this case . 
  but yeah . 
  but no . 
  but yeah . 
  but no . 
  but shut up she eats her own scabs !, 
   you ca n't just `` buy these from your local corner store '' if yah catch their drift . 
  but what if i have a concealed carry license ? 
  huh , okay .
