  as far as i know , aldi will still take them . 
  you are talking as if this does n't apply to cash money in general . 
  most people i know have no issue whatsoever with coins because most of their day-to-day payments are made with cash card . 
  coins are handier in the now-existing vending machines and a lot more durable to boot . 
  why should europe not use american english ? 
  british english is only relevant to britlanders . 
  everyone is already using your language , the least you can do is deal with the occassional americanism . 
  i strongly disagree with you . 
  coins look a lot cooler and are far more durable than notes . 
  impressive , thanks . 
  wait , but wait . 
  was this about the people in charge of the fund or was it about the people currently working for the fund who were making exorbitant salaries ? 
  because your rebuttal seems to be aimed at something else than what was said . 
  yeah exactly . 
  i was trying to see how well i could understand spoken german but then the brit started blathering over it . 
  do n't be too much of a twat and you 'll be alright . 
  whoever cut and uploaded that needs to be summarily shot . 
  also , the presenter veers between saying kohl and k\u00f6hl . 
  also also ; bbc needs to cut that shit where they add a voice translating stuff * over * the stuff being translated . 
  either do the dub or give it a subtitle but this is just fuckery . 
  i think they want examples of mistakes too . 
  that just seems immature . 
  hah , intriguing idea . 
  looks pretty legit . 
  no immigrants . 
  and i do n't think it 's a crater ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peloponnese#/media/file:the_peloponnese_from_iss.jpg a different satellite photo . 
  yeah , it 's where the meteor landed . 
  it was diverted by a far descendant of the great pericles who after four milennia of totalitarian spartan dominion managed to travel back in time and send a meteor into the peloponnesos in an attempt to break the warrior 's tide before it had a chance to begin . 
  how else did you think the spartans were prevented from conquering the world ? 
  we live in a seperate second reality , one created by this heroic act . 
  we live in a more peaceful version of the world . 
  but that 's a fucking ridiculous goal . 
  sounds fair . 
  i may have to visit ireland again soon . 
  maybe i wo n't drown while standing up this time . 
  you were right , i was just being a twat . 
  i was poking fun at the way you said it not at what you said . 
  hah yeah that 's a bit too zany . 
  i mean , i 'm not absolving the us or anything . 
  it 's just that it was a joint effort to fuck up the situation there . 
  saddam was a fuckhead but still less belligerent than isis is now . 
  fair point . 
  usually before they were full-blown dictatorships so my point still stands . 
  cyber crime also includes intimidation , espionage , identity theft , fraud , theft , phishing , slander , stalking and child porn . 
  do n't stare yourself blind on words . 
  all irrelevant . 
  le epic clever meems xd dae sweden feminazi immigrants lol ? 
  haha which dictatorship you know has even been remotely so nice ? 
  cyber crime is still crime and therefore the perpetrators are still criminals . 
  this sounds a bit like the refrain of `` why wo n't you catch real criminals '' from various tax dodgers , speeders and red-light-ignorers . 
   kurd state is wanted by ... let me calculate ... fucking noone !!, 
  aside from the kurds you mean ? 
  and anyway , how is that relevant ? 
  you talk about turkey and isis , yeah , okay , but how is support for an independent kurd state relevant to that ? 
  turkey fucked up by supporting isis and hoping they 'd deal with the kurds so that turkey would n't have to . 
  turkey has two enemies here and the big one is the one they 've been helping out !, 
  that is definitely a strong cause , yes , but the us is not actively supporting isis like the saudi 's are nor are they passively allowing isis to smuggle shit like turkey is being accused of here . 
  the us tilled the soil , sectarian extremists and power-hungry warlords planted the seeds but the saudi 's and turkey watered the plants . 
  you 're just contradicting yourself here . 
  you either * are * suffering from us paranoia about russia or it is * not * paranoia but you ca n't have both . 
  i mean , you 're essentially saying ;  eu does suffer from us ' not paranoia about russia . 
  / nitpick, 
  could be nice , i guess . 
  i do n't know the situation but i do n't know if vladivostok would add much to trade in the area . 
  does a lot of russian export go through it ? 
  oh i thought snoop was driving . 
  fair point though . 
  maybe they thought he was getting the driver high ? 
  not a strong point , i agree . 
  not a good reason . 
  i 'm sorry , you put a knot in my brain and i do n't know how deal with your comment . 
  yeah i do n't really know how the process works , i thought the false positive was a stronger argument so i mentioned that . 
  oh bugger you 're right . 
  attach it to ireland instead ? 
  i 'll allow it . 
  dude , wow . 
  you [ might be right ] ( http://io9.com/no-german-scientists-have-not-confirmed-the-impossibl-1720573809 ) . 
  http://io9.com/no-german-scientists-have-not-confirmed-the-impossibl-1720573809 counterargument saying it might be a false positive caused by a thermal effect . 
  you dropped a letter , here it is ; 's ' . 
  check this one new trick to go to the moon !, 
  astronomers hate it !, 
  embarassing ? 
  i thought it was pretty rad . 
  i got to spend 2 weeks trucking around russia myself . 
  anyway , that was 2013 , before the sochi business and certainly before the ukraine batshittery . 
  read through your article , i 'm not sure if that means much . 
  we 'd be in real shit if russia cut off its oil export but they 'd hurt themselves badly too i think . 
  further , they are the third biggest business partner * outside europe * . 
  germany is by far our biggest trading partner and i assume a bunch of other european countries come before russia too , as well as the usa * and * china . 
  i do n't know exactly what is being exported to the usa ( something imported from other european countries ? ), 
  but the trade towards russia was iirc mostly agricultural vehicles and technology and flowers . 
  their loss . 
  i suppose other slavic countries might still be interested in long-stemmed roses , hope the flower merchants find something . 
  more independent from russian gas , yes . 
  the article mentions that the swedish police saw him driving erratically though . 
  which is often an indicator of drugs or alcohol or some other impairment . 
  i think that 's a valid reason to stop a car and check if everything is okay . 
  with great big ... tracts of land . 
  it 's a super cool idea but i do n't know if it 'll work in the long run . 
  russia 's far east is a fuck of a long way away from the places where shit actually happens .
