  in dutch it 's `` oostenrijk '' btw . 
  i did n't . 
  did you ? 
  i never grew up with god and i do n't believe in any . 
  it 's not due to a conscious active decision that i do n't believe , it 's just that i never had the background . 
  had my parents been hardcore religious then either i 'd 've been religious as well because of how they raised me or i might have been not religious despite a religious upbringing that just did n't take . 
  neither of them would 've been choices either . 
  yes , because those same radical muslims are totally supportive of you declaring their beliefs to be bogus . 
  no problems you might encounter whatsoever . 
  ha-haw !, 
  i 'm not too familiar with it . 
  i 've heard someone say that with the bildts dialect of frisian you could travel up to denmark if you kept to the coast but i 've never tried . 
  hey , german * ic * thankyouverymuch . 
  you 're still a slav . 
  also , it was just a joke . 
  slave , slav , what 's the difference ? 
  haha awesome . 
  needs to do a heckuvalot of rising though . 
  makes sense . 
  sorry father jack , i thought you were talking about the article or at least the title . 
  * why * were you talking about those things here though ? 
  it 's about people chewing goddamn leaves , not any kind of oppression . 
  but using something that has no effect on them yet you 've always used is not expecting other countries to bend to your way of life . 
  that 's just you causing no fuss at all and people bending themselves out of shape over that . 
  i mean , if i came over the uk and started eating frisian sugarbread regularily , would `` you are in a different culture !!, 
  ! 11 '' really be enough of an argument to force me into eating scones ? 
  sure , but it 's an argument for why you do n't want to change it and due to it supposedly not being too awful there 's not actually much of an argument against it either . 
  unless you count `` it 's not in our culture '' to be an argument against it but that just feels odd to me . 
  you 'd have to assign a higher importance to the culture complaining about than to the culture using it for that to have any impact and i 'm not sure that 's a fair idea . 
  the usa does not have a * de jure * official language . 
  it 's not written down somewhere that the language of the usa is and has to be english . 
  the * de facto * official language * is * english , but that 's merely by force of numbers not by law . 
   it has been discussed numerous times around here and the more popular opinion is to make english the official language , ignoring that the uk vastly benefits from such an option . 
  it 's too bloody convenient for them . 
  i would n't want it even just out of spite . 
  i reject it by virtue of it being too fucking convenient for all the smarmy anglo 's . 
  yes , you can see from the massive similarities like the fact that the eu is a totalitarian police state with a racially stratified , militaristic and genocidal society wherein no dissenting opinion whatsoever is possible because you 'll be executed on the spot for your free thoughts . 
  entirely the same . 
  yessirree , no differences whatsoever . 
  slightly grouchy yeah , sorry . 
  and it 's a minor pet peeve of mine if someone claims one particular dialect is `` better '' than any other . 
  it does n't sound like flemish . 
  it sounds like carefully enunciated radio-dutch . 
  there are too many varying dialects and accents in both dutch and flemish to sensibly say that voice-overs from then sound like flemish now . 
  flemish is not in any way more properder dutch than other dutch accents . 
  the entire concept of `` proper dutch '' is stupid crap in the first place . 
  that 's merely a standardised form and is not actually * better * . 
  although the flemish tongues * have * had a massive influence on the development on the language , this does not actually mean anything . 
  and this is someone from the faeroes speaking ? 
  ouch . 
  falso . 
  there are many flemish accents , some quite horrible , and many dutch accents , some not horrible at all . 
  and girls with some flemish accents easily come across as obnoxious or twee . 
  oddly enough you can never use this argument to expect anyone to learn frisian . 
  i understand your point , it even agrees with me . 
  i 'm saying that the number of trafficked people is not one-on-one translated to prostitution . 
  if he referred to * that * , he 'd be an imbecile . 
  and to say `` nobody '' is a massive overstatement . 
  then you live in a ridiculous place . 
  it still does n't follow that you 'd be forced into prostitution . 
   abolishing legal prostitution does seem to reduce trafficking . 
  in sweden , prostitution has plummeted since a 1999 ban on buying sex . 
  in 2007 , der spiegel reported a maximum of 130 prostitutes working in stockholm , compared to 5,000 in its smaller norwegian neighbor oslo ( which in 2009 , followed sweden 's ban with its own ) . 
  and while an estimated 600 women are believed to be trafficked into sweden every year , this number pails in comparison to the 15,000 trafficked annually to finland , a country with a population half the size . 
  because the only comment you can make with regard to human trafficking is that they all end up as whores , right . 
  and that therefore a lenient policy regarding prostitution is to blame , right . 
  those numbers mean jack fucking diddly squat . 
  for all we know all those people are trafficked into finland to fight gladiatorial battles to the death against moose and polar bears . 
  and it 's pales in comparison . 
  if you have a boss , you 've already signed a contract and he ca n't just add in whatever he wants to without dealing with you in person . 
  he ca n't do that . 
  and it 's just a dramatic fucktacular deception on your part anyway . 
  there 's no sensible link between `` hay let 's legalise and regulate prostitution '' to the arse-brained gibberish you keep spouting . 
  it 's as splendidly moronic as insinuating that the chap working on an oil rig will be forced to pick tomatoes as well !, 
  there is no fucking link aside from your fearmongering blatherskite !, 
  more the fuck over , prostitution is never actually the actual fucking problem !, 
  the problem is forced prostitution , sexual slavery , abuse , and people trafficking !, 
  and those problems wo n't be solved by grasping eachother 's dicks and signing `` kumbaya all our problems are now solved ! '', 
  what a stupid point . 
  that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  what kind of twist do you have in your brain that makes you go from `` legalise and regulate prostitution '' to `` you 'll be forced to become a prostitute too '' ? 
  he 's talking about the deutsche l\u00e4nder ; the german states that together form the nation . 
  because to the frenchman germany is apparently the beeriest nation . 
  this despite the many german i know prefering either czech or belgian brews . 
  the exact same belgian jokes in the netherlands . 
  i think so . 
  i have no idea . 
  he seems to be a moron desperately looking for excuses . 
  and duden is a dictionary . 
  it also sounds like dunglish . 
  yeah , sure , but it 's iceland . 
  unless they were using ak 's or whatever , it 's a lot of shots fired . 
  i understand but i was more thinking of `` nobody wants to replace dutch with frisian '' , that sort of thing . 
  liberism ? 
  never heard of that . 
  they refer to themselves and everybody else refers to them as `` liberaal '' . 
  \u00fee ancient-ass letters . 
  although i suppose it 's more to do with less users providing constructive suggestions ? 
  that 's a heckuva lot . 
  seems to be pretty similar to the attitudes towards and situation of frisian .
