   in bulgaria we say `` the one who digs another man 's grave , falls in it himself '' we have a similar one in dutch . 
  except it 's not specifically a grave , just a hole . 
  okay . 
  not only is this really not a new thing , the title is scaremongering bullshit . 
  there is nothing wrong with the right to be forgotten per se and people really do not have a right to find the nasty shit you 'd rather keep private untill it becomes relevant about you . 
  it 's not quite as dire as the title portrays it as with all information being hidden from public eyes and only especially dedicated people able to find the truth . 
  i imagine it is at least in part due to people being more familiar with christianity and staying away from religions they have no experience or knowledge of . 
  if i grew up in a church and had bad experiences there , i 'd be railing against christian churches more than against islam . 
  that 's just shitposting . 
  varies . 
  cities smell like dog shit , small towns and rural villages smell like cow shit . 
  i mean , you 're right , you were n't there nor responsible for any of that shit and neither are many living germans , turks , russians or whoevers responsible for whatever atrocity , but if some politician runs around claiming `` we were totally clean all along you guise '' then that 's just wrong . 
  and the dutch . 
  [ police actions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politionele_acties ) . 
  not even remotely comparable . 
  that 's not an actual atrocity actually commited by the actual british . 
  utter shit argument mate . 
  you ca n't justify the atrocities of your own country by pointing at others . 
  the a-bombs were seen as a way of ending the war and potentially discouraging the next , it was n't out of some kind of desperate greed to cling on to colonies . 
  i 'm not in any way justifying american policies vis-a-vis vietnam , iraq or wherever but your comment is a bit shit . 
  the romans are probably a better example than the aztecs though . 
   but compared to the french , italians , belgians , germans , romans , assyrians , aztec , ottoman , mongol we were slightly more relaxed and `` hands off '' in colonial policy . 
  what on earth are you basing this on ? 
  gouging out eyes and cutting off ears is in no way better than anything the belgians ever did and i 'm not sure what kind of shit the french pulled . 
  and in total deaths , i 'm pretty sure you guys come up way ahead . 
  i get that pointing the finger at france comes easy to you but for christ 's sake . 
  ahh my bad , i misunderstood what you were getting at . 
  is that a left wing circlejerk ? 
  i mean , i agree with you , these romanians are n't the ones doing the evil shit here , but i always thought that the `` they took our jobs ! '', 
  war more part of right-wing rhetoric . 
  in other words ; dutch shipyards circumvent labour laws & criminally underpay their labourers . 
   belgian blood bottled in the fridge ? 
  same here . 
  hating the french is a traditionally english hobby and if we hate the english it would be silly to hate the french as well . 
  hating the germans however is perfectly valid . 
  hardly destitute . 
  just not as wealthy as the hollandic black hole . 
  :p and anyway , we 'll be fine what with agriculture . 
  holland by itself might be in a bit of a pickle without all the farms and fisheries from other provinces . 
  yes , do the rest of us a favour . 
  he said relevant . 
  still better than pigfucker . 
  maybe , but i do n't think that 's relevant to a warmongerer title . 
  a warmonger is someone who starts or wants to start a lot of wars . 
  as far as i know , most shit obama was involved in was already going on when he became prez . 
  beatrix is n't queen anymore . 
  lol yeah it 's all satitler merkel 's fault . 
  ehhhh , i 'm not so sure . 
  i do n't think the difference is in the actual opinions they might hold , but more in how violent they might try to be with them . 
  the map shows places with ` saint ' or the local equivalent in the name , not * a * saint . 
  it depicts the actual word . 
  patrick 's fjord could be named after any patrick you might want for example . 
  the link with a saint is not as super obvious . 
  there 's only one dot in my corner of the netherlands where there should be at least 3 really close to eachother and not exactly in the location as shown on the map . 
  edit ; only 2 although the third one * is * named after the former church parish which was named after saint mary . 
  sounds good !, 
  what are you ranting at me for ? 
  amazingly , nobody was talking about a 1:1 ratio , do n't start changing your originial argument so you look less wrong . 
  i still seheheheverely doubt it but hey whatever floats your reconquista4ever boat . 
  amazingly , sometimes buddhists can be aggressors and sometimes muslims can be victims . 
  thailand and myanmar for example use it for anti-communist and anti-christian ( not necessarily the same people ) dictatorial tendencies . 
  no , but if you step on a bus then the bus driver is pretty likely to say something . 
  he 's not exactly * wrong * . 
  much though i 'd love for putin to be kicked out of office , 20k people are n't jack shit in a city like moscow . 
  and in doing so people will have the choice of buying shitty slower ones or buying the ones that use innovative designs and ideas to minimise the speed loss but sticking to the lower power consumption . 
  at least , i think the idea is to force technological development in that direction . 
  i think it should be possible to make a tea kettle that draws less power and still does n't cost that much more time to heat . 
  avoiding heat dissipation or making more efficient use of the given power would accomplish that goal . 
  famous for awesome food but rich because of crap . 
   they are n't even for gays right to live . 
  that 's a bit much . 
  some of them are twats , sure , but i do n't think you can just point the finger and say `` they 're all homophobes who want to see gay people dead '' . 
  wrong !, 
  to crush your enemies , to see them driven before you and to hear the lamentation of their women . 
  that is best . 
   upvoted for `` angry beardos '' . 
  made me chuckle . 
  same . 
  i 'm imagining angry birds except with angry taliban-faces being catapulted towards wtc-like towers . 
  i think we 're on to something here . 
  human rights do kinda count for everyone . 
  oh wow so there actually was a guantanamo detainee who was a terrorist ? 
  wow . 
   god this sub hates the uk lol you wish . 
  there 's a lot more anti-german , anti-russian , anti-turkish sentiments all the time and when language is concerned it 's anti-france as hell . 
  the brits do whine more aboutit though . 
   but in fact , it is an ancient and local tradition/cultural way of protesting huh echt ? 
  real mature . 
  mostly just chicken . 
  cupid stunts . 
   then they certainly are poluting the horizon really ? 
  a bunch of toothpicks ten kilometers away are polluting the horizon ? 
  ah right how could i miss that . 
  oh right , sorry erdogan my man < 3 you can do it , we 're all here for you . 
  it 's time to let the denial go . 
  only their lower beards . 
  why even include afrikaans if it 's gon na have the same colour as dutch ? 
  and no frisian ? 
  ca n't see that happening . 
  and with the addition of paying extra for switching currencies .
