  admittedly , the people in this province are reputed to be even taller so i guess that makes sense . 
  yeah , jabba 's home was around earlier anyway !, 
  a long time ago !, 
  surely that 's a bit wasteful . 
  kinda curious why the lego one does n't look like it . 
  pah , the villagers near the border seemed perfectly happy . 
  i imagine there could be some opposition there too but they 're not stupid and they know it 's to keep out syrian attacks . 
  praise be to the free market . 
  i think that gave me a seizure . 
  huh , yeah , okay . 
  i 'm not questioning its validity ; i was just wondering . 
  why would it be insulting ? 
  surely the english are n't insulted by the existence of english bulldogs ? 
  and i 'm not insulted by the existence of frisian cattle . 
  huh , i thought they were called `` malinese '' . 
  huh , okay . 
  how so ? 
  huh , okay . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  coins are awesome and heavy . 
  admittedly , i do n't usually have a lot of cash anyhow . 
   one swallow does not make a summer . 
  til that 's an expression in english too . 
  is it in norwegian ? 
  i assumed they were deeply religious crazy fuckers instead of congolese crazy fuckers though . 
  hey now . 
  : c that 's not really fair or accurate either . 
  there 's plenty of people , including me , speaking out against that shit . 
  moreover , do n't rope me in with this racist fuck . 
  i was gon na say `` ooh nice ! '', 
  at first but then i saw they were fifa coins . 
  naw man , they 're a waste of money . 
  they 're not as expensive to produce per piece but notes wear out much , much easier . 
  yeah , if you have a lot of small denominations . 
  :p i 'd prefer one 5 $ coin over 5 $ in 10 cent coins . 
  or any combination of coins , really . 
  and notes are pretty lame . 
  huh , good point . 
  did n't think of that . 
  thing is , there 's no need for them to be heavier . 
  they merely represent a value . 
  a 2 $ coin is n't worth 2 $ of material and work input . 
  i just really like coins though . 
  heh , mine is on 5 / % . 
   sorry but there 's no 5 $ coin . 
  there should be and they should look swanky . 
  and a 10 $ coin too . 
  in contrast to other european countries where people will just lock arms in a circle around the would-be murderer and sing kumbaya instead ? 
  do you honestly believe that ? 
  lots of adrenaline flying around , probably very difficult to keep calm and * not * beat the crap out of the asshole who tried to assassinate you/your idol/you political leader/someone nearby . 
  yeah , i do n'tknow that actual process but i would n't be surprised if it 's that kind of gunk . 
  ofcourse , it does make sense . 
  makes it cheaper both in terms of animals and monies . 
  pretty much . 
  i guess they just add in what they can find , it 's all scraped off the bottom of the barrel anyway . 
  well , those comments are jolly rude . 
  horse meat is fairly rare over here in the netherlands and i 'd be thoroughly surprised if it was any cheaper than the kind of beef you 'd generally make burgers with . 
  and it was about filler anyway , the crap scraped from carcasses to add some bulk . 
  maybe they happened to have horse at the time which would make it cheaper but i do n't think they intentionally set out to add horse to these things . 
  if you want cheap filler , you 're probably better off getting chicken or what the fuck ever . 
  haha yeah , probably . 
  i do think it would be a good idea to make a new modern city based around modern transport and such though . 
  the old cities are n't very suitable for large amounts of traffic and it would cost a lot of time , money and effort to change that . 
  never mind that you 'd probably have to begin evicting people for that . 
   but the simple fact is that immigrants cause trouble in the netherlands because many of them refuse to integrate in our culture . 
  clearly we need to make supersweet high-tech cities that avoid the entire mess of trying to keep an ancient city up-to-date . 
  polder in a nice new area of the ijsselmeer and plonk in a huge city * designed * to handle lots of people and modern traffic . 
  and then find a good way of getting people in there because everybody sticking together in clusters and going all us vs them wo n't work . 
  that was a refreshingly stupid video . 
  you 're an imbecile . 
  effeminate 3rd world shithole ? 
  what the hell does `` effeminate '' have to do with it ? 
  you just said `` girly '' 3rd world shithole . 
  i get how having a nation like sweden turn into a 3rd world shithole would be bad , but girly ? 
  what ? 
  yes , and i 'm sure the emperor of the western civilisation will convert to islam soon and start persecuting people who are n't of the same faith . 
  might be wise to establish good relations and an alliance with alba up there . 
  and be wary of those cornish folk , i bet they have their own axe to grind with the english so i guess the two of you would need to share . 
  and bigger pumps . 
  those could even be useful for ship propulsion . 
  just build up a nice big pressure and then put a specially designed ship in front of it and let ` er rip . 
  if we aim right we might be able to launch the ship directly into the harbour of london or something similar . 
  should we call the remnants of the uk the british archipelago or anglonesia ? 
  edit : should be archipelago . 
  naw , perfect time to polder in some more land . 
  i expect atleast a 10 % growth of the country . 
  it looks like it 's some sort of basin in between the mountains . 
  i do n't know about the rivers there but i assume they continue untill they reach some sea beyond hungarian borders . 
  if these rivers ca n't drain out to sea anymore ( because the water level will be much higher ) then they 'll probably just fill up the basin . 
  the water is there already . 
  i 'm envisioning a giant dome to cover us . 
  maybe a half-dome that starts at the shores and climbs to about 200 meters high , that should keep the water out and away . 
  and if it ever rained , it would just flow down again . 
  maybe we would need some sort of sprinkler system to ensure we do n't get any drought though . 
  hey , why do you think we have legal same-sex marriage ? 
  we need all the dykes we can get . 
  me am died . 
  yeah , because that is any way relevant to what i said . . 
  i said i did n't want to * see * the randy old goat . 
  and certainly not in a sexual position either .
