  yes , a whole lot of no taxes . 
  yeah maybe . 
  i do n't know . 
  i think the reasons given in this video were just a joke though . 
  it 's a dutch tv show so if you do n't watch dutch tv you may just have missed it , yes . 
  that 's not the comparison being made . 
  lrn to english , nub . 
  oh please , half of the much-vaunted and frankly grossly over-rated `` english humour '' is shitting on other countries . 
  do n't be so thin-skinned . 
   and is n't that the underlying implication in the brexit video . 
  nope . 
  it is n't . 
   this ca n't be comedy , it 's painfully unfunny . 
  that you find it unfunny does n't mean it ca n't be comedy . 
  there 's lots of `` comedy '' and famous comedians i do n't think are funny . 
   as a neutral , seems like pure xenophobic drivel . 
  lol , how ? 
  also , no way in hell you 're a neutral . 
   then again , it 's a historical fact that the netherlands was neutral about the nazis till it was invaded and had the highest level of collaboration of any occupied country , so i would n't be too surprised . 
  yes , how extremely neutral you are . 
  not only is that completely irrelevant , it 's also magnitudes more hateful than the entire video was . 
  and it 's fucking wrong too , bravo . 
  the only negative thing you can say the netherlands had a `` high level of '' during the nazi occupation was a high level of jewish deportations . 
  while terrible , this does not actually mean what you want it to . 
  there were a bunch of different reasons to why this was the case but it 's more than obvious you do n't actually care and just like throwing shit around . 
  so that was a pretty shit comment you made . 
  no no no no . 
  only the british are allowed to take the piss out of anything . 
  nah , it 's a tourist stereotype . 
   surely if any nationality is going to have access to a proper coat , it 's us . . lol , sure . 
  what changed between then and now that you suddenly have a better idea of what would happen ? 
  a lot of these things were pretty obvious in advance . 
  gosh . 
  `` returning '' to greece ? 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prvxoin9nca ) ? 
  luckily , you can have both at the same time !, 
  it 's not as if the `` barbarians '' toppled roman rule and replaced it with neat functioning governments all at once . 
  it took a couple hundred years of abject bullshit for things to settle down into `` functioning governments '' and a couple hundred more before democracy was actually much of a thing . 
  no , but there are a lot more of such routes into europe . 
  even a few wholly over land . 
   tax havens or simply tax evasion is a german problem ? 
  the specific example of specific germans evading tax in germany which was a problem germany had been trying to solve . 
  it was solved , so they can claim victory . 
  no , could barely tell it was there . 
  use `` and '' too . 
  the americans pour some kind of greasy pseudo-garlic goop on them . 
  well , no . 
  i 'm willing to bet that most people in the world have n't had extremely specific dish from extremely specific restaurant in extremely specific location . 
  how is american style `` normal '' and italian og-style not ? 
  multiple schools of `` pizza '' . 
  ny-style pizza always looks kinda weird somehow . 
  chicago style is just a quiche , come on , that 's not pizza . 
  except for the chain called new york pizza who somehow manages to out-awful domino 's . 
  why the fuck is sharing those things such a big deal . 
  just get a decent sized one each , none of that fuckery . 
  and i 'll stop wanting hawaii if you take a hike with your smelleroni . 
  ketchup * instead of the normal tomato sauce * . 
  it does look pretty yummy . 
  it does n't look like a pizza though . 
  kinda like the things you get at domino 's . 
  yes , they just fold it in half 6 times and then eat that . 
  i 've had mustard on a burger in the usa . 
  tasted exactly the same as ketchup on the same kind of burger . 
  then again it was sonic so the burger was n't really their strong point in my opinion . 
  you still have to put ketchup on it though . 
  hey mate could you tone down the ridiculous condescension ? 
  it 's clear you 're not actually reading what the guy is saying . 
  he 's not proclaiming anything paradise compared to anything . 
  it 's just * not as bad * . 
  err , i 'm not disagreeing with the statement that pakistan is not exactly great but you ca n't call the established fact of a woman * being prime minister of that country * an anecdote . 
  it is clearly not an anecdote . 
  was there something wrong with the human rights act ? 
  because deciding to change something like that all willy-nilly sounds a little ominous . 
  i honestly do n't know man . 
  i 'm not even talking about the war either . 
  random terrorist attacks , lynchings , murders in `` is territory '' . 
  my point is more that they do n't really care who you are . 
  if you 're not them then you are their enemy and they 'll want to kill you . 
  they 're assholes like that . 
  st petersburg is the only one that comes even slightly close . 
  but moscow has over twice its population . 
  but because it is still divided it is not recovering . 
  same with north and south korea , really . 
  well , duh ? 
  the people in the capital talk shit about everyone outside too , obviously . 
  maybe , but that 's not what 's happening here . 
  with this kind of thing the less-bad imams get murdered but the hidden hate preachers continue their shit . 
  the situation is not a step towards no imams in europe , it 's a step towards fewer decent ones in europe . 
  and i 'd prefer having some decent ones over only having the shit ones , regardless of how i feel about having them at all . 
  there 's a large variety of muslims out there . 
  just because one bunch of muslim dickheads thinks a different bunch of muslims are n't muslim , does n't mean that 's true . 
  you see the same thing in christianity too . 
  there are protestant christians ( of specific branches ) who might claim that catholics are n't christian , for whatever convoluted reason . 
  i think the point is more `` you ca n't say every muslim is a murderer , look , most of their victims are muslim too '' . 
  and the victim was . 
  you ca n't go around calling * every * stupid comment banter . 
  or the joy out of life . 
  i see it more as the uk having bungled up in a geo-political sense and new zealand obviously being keen because the uk has a worse position to bargain from . 
  adorable anthropomorphizations do n't hold up . 
   for better or for worse it 's only the youth that can be bothered to take to the streets .
