  most of the time they do n't include any statistics whatsoever and seem to play on emotion more than on fact . 
  and w\u00e2ld for frisian . 
  of relevants !, 
  only on some jerking circles on the internet . 
  oh my god do you clowns believe that those things actually exist let alone matter ? 
  history of prussia ? 
  teutonic backbone ? 
  what is this , fantasyland ? 
  do you think they 're inherently more warrior-like than any other group of humans on the world ? 
  what do you think they are , orcs ? 
  i 'm not sure that 's what 's happening . 
  the article uses a lot of words but does n't really go into detail about the whole ` safe zone ' thing . 
  the only thing they did say was set up a help center type thing in the area and turn on some more lighting . 
  it 's not as if there 's a neat little fence seperating women from men . 
  thank you jebus !, 
  american tourist ? 
   i was mostly referring to france & germany . 
  which is weird when the thing you 're trying to apply to france & germany happened in the netherlands and you 're getting upset about that . 
   it 's nothing short of authoritarianism it 's miles short of authoritarianism . 
  nobody is actually being punished or arrested . 
  i mean , a tweet from the cops giving a warning on how it might legally look would 've been more than sufficient and not require sending actual people over but to leap to authoritarianism is a bit much . 
  but no meth , so hey !, 
  i mean , xtc and weed ? 
  child 's play . 
  meth ? 
  fuck outta here . 
  too bad `` we '' are still in the list where coke 's concerned . 
  nobody was saying they would meet any requirements any time soon though . 
  man i would n't want my ship to be boarded by clown pirates . 
  there 'd be way too many of them to fight them off . 
  anarchists being any kind of clowns would never be surprising , no . 
  are you sarcastic ? 
  barely relevant considering we 're talking about a western country here . 
  you 're not legally going to get away with it . 
  awesome , hoverboats are finally real !, 
   and the longbow was tactically superior and economically cheaper if you already had a culture of training people in the use of the bow for the past century , maybe . 
  if your fighting force revolves around heavy cavalry and heavy infantry and you need a bunch of shooters * right now * then getting some italian mercenaries is the superior option . 
  it 's not really a case of `` what should we do now '' but it 's more `` what do we have '' and what they * did n't have * was an army of longbowmen just picking their noses . 
   what was the average fraction of armies mounted in europe , by country , 1100-1500 ? 
  varies wildly . 
   what fraction of the armies were spear/pikes ? 
  varies wildly . 
   how did heavy cavalry fair against spear / pike blocks in that period ? 
  varies wildly . 
   that 's why the europeans went with the crossbow . 
  because then you do n't * need * a long time of training to have a highly skilled armed peasantry !, 
  wait . 
  then you 'd end up with * more * armed peasants rather than less . 
  presumably then there 's more to it . 
  because the longbow was n't * that * good . 
  also , whatchu mean technologically * inferior * crossbow ? 
  surely the crossbow requires a great deal more technological development and industrial capacity to get to the levels it reached by the 15th century ? 
  a longbow is the same as any other bow except bigger . 
  i 'll read this properly when i have time . 
  the abstract seems to come from a very english perspective . 
  at best the natives would start slinging uranium rocks at you . 
  i 'm on comodo dragon instead of firefox now and i only get blank squares haha . 
  nobody considers that payment in modern society . 
  go ahead , start a business anywhere and try to ` pay ' someone in food , clothing and housing . 
  palpatine was right after all . 
  allright , fair point . 
  you 're right . 
  i think i was just annoyed at people saying `` more money to cops '' but that by itself does n't solve anything . 
  you 'd need some sort of coherent policy to back it up . 
  and you need money for * that * . 
  hey i sometimes ca n't tell between of jokings and of circlejerkings . 
  it 's a shame but probably would be more of a drawback than an advantage in a national politican . 
  even better . 
  sweet , thanks . 
  haha did n't know that one !, 
  hot dog !, 
  niiiice . 
  is n't that like minimum hourly wage in norway ? 
  i do n't think this was actually caused * by * the muslim kids though . 
  they do n't eat pork but i 'd be amazed if they demanded no pork in the facilities at all ever . 
  i do n't think you could make anyone give a shit about a poem like that . 
  ofcourse , such satire would n't appear because the satirised attitude does n't exist so much . 
  strategic sense ? 
  know what they want and you can actually handle them in some way . 
  ca n't read the description for rotterdam although it does say rotterdam . 
  if the red area shows the location of the second-largest city then the one for the netherlands is wrong . 
  that 's the hague , rotterdam is a bit further inland . 
   greece asked for 1800 frontex guards , and only 700 arrived . 
  it 's thermopylae all over again !, 
  you 're just not getting enough reinforcements !, 
  carbs and protein do n't count anymore ? 
  it might * mean * that but to a casual observer it 's burning ice . 
  we 're special !, 
  thonx beb, 
  i 'm keeping my eye on them . 
  sneaky bastards . 
  wow way to oppress my culture . 
  so insensitive . 
  sweet , thanks . 
  those look pretty fucked up . 
  the first one is pretty bad , the last two are seriously old-fashioned thinking . 
  i will read the last link tomorrow ( it 's 1 at night here ) because i kinda wan na know why they 'd prefer sharia law . 
  i 'm assuming it 's a bit more complicated than `` cut bits off of people '' . 
  the second stat you mentioned looks a bit weaselly to me . 
  `` some sympathy for the motives '' is not the same as `` this was justified '' , but that 's the risk with a poll like that .
