  nothing awkward about it !, 
  happy brothers in bicycling bordering each other !, 
  it 's the best !, 
  although the dutch development of biking paths and stuff might 've been different . 
  we also get shit-tonnes of asian tourists who come here for the pretty flowers though , so we 're not totally screwed . 
  and yeah , i 'm kinda pissed off that we screwed up in that way . 
  although it 's iirc only in border towns so something like amsterdam would still be fairly safe . 
  first worlders going to and fro first world countries , i guess . 
  yeah , i can see how tourists can be annoying but dealers are worse . 
  and tourists do bring in money , so it would be a shame to lose them . 
  and how big are those two there ? 
   additionally i googled up some statistics and found that the netherlands receives 10 million tourists a year , in a country with a population of only 17 million . 
  holy cow . 
  that 's a lot . 
  i actually have no idea if it is or not . 
  probably not though and then because it 's technically still illegal , yeah . 
  i think it would still be indirectly taxed though . 
  that the coffeeshop has to pay the normal value added tax and stuff . 
  yeah , but they 're claiming to be the economic kind of liberal . 
  that 's why i found it odd . 
  i know they 're not the liberty kind of liberal . 
  you 'd think the liberals would be for legalisations but they do n't seem to have that kind of sense . 
  somewhat hypocritical . 
  i mean the christians okay , that 's just their being christian . 
  that 's dumb . 
  the two countries are very much linked together so it 's not as if you 're throwing money into a bottomless pit . 
  and surely it 's not up to politicians were citizens spend their money . 
  i have no clue , that 's the thing . 
  there were iirc some complaints from belgium and germany though although i might be wrong on that front . 
  i 'm dutch and it 's actually a pretty silly clusterfuck . 
  smoking , okay . 
  buying and selling ( from the shop ) , dandy . 
  growing it ? 
  arooga code red ca n't have that . 
  it should just be legalised and regulated ( and taxed ? ), 
  properly . 
  should 've been done ages ago because i have a feeling we wo n't have as many yank tourists this year as we had any previous years what with the sort of-legalisations in some of the us states . 
  and the whole `` wietpas '' idea to deter drug tourists was stupid allround . 
  it 's because it 's a pretty creepy fantasy . 
  would be pretty creepy as a movie too but a bit more enjoyable i think . 
  now that * would * be interesting . 
  nah , they 're just unrepentantly randy . 
  that , and they have social structures built around fucking errybody but nevermind about that . 
   i wonder why this is such an unpopular notion ? 
  because it 's slightly disturbing/terrifying/downright evil/impractical . 
  it 's supposedly the name which is supposedly too similar to italian prosecco despite the two supposedly being completely different wines with different names . 
  i 'm kinda doubtful on how legit this is . 
  digitaljournal copied from croatiaweek but croatiaweek does n't back up its claim . 
  neat , i 'm not that knowledgable about venice . 
  nah , venice had begun its decline before the spice trade picked up . 
  portugal and later the netherlands were big because of the spice trade though . 
  correction , apparently venice * was * big in the spice trade but then via arabic traders . 
  they bought from traders who bought it at the source and then the venetians helped spread it through the mediterranean . 
  later colonial empires cut out the arab middle man . 
  but venice also did a lot of other trading . 
  wikipedia says they also traded silk ( probably from the same routes ) and grain ( maybe from syria ? ), 
  i have n't looked outside for a few hours but this morning it was a clear blue sky , fairly sunny , over the bit of europe i 'm in . 
  ( leeuwarden , capital of frysl\u00e2n , northernmost province of the netherlands ) . 
  no snow whatsoever in sight . 
  it was still pretty cold but it was also beautiful . 
  woke up roughly 12 hours ago and it was sunny out . 
  not warm , somewhat windy , but bright and sunny nonetheless . 
  going down now though . 
  really ? 
  i had n't seen it haha . 
  / r/europe can into / r/polandball reference . 
  i 'm sure they already have a few and that they 're sharing it nicely . 
  i 'd replace your second point with `` quit bitchin ' about normality and quit with the tall poppy bullshit . '', 
   i 'm sure there 's people who could do maltese-english but also english-dutch , dutch-german etc. 
  maybe dutch is n't your best example here . 
  the netherlands is a small country , sure , but densely populated and belgium adds more dutch speakers . 
  4 % of the population of the eu speaks dutch as a first language . 
  that 's more that the vast majority of other languages . 
  i think i even understood `` terrorism '' . 
  6 days sailing does n't really mean anything without a map of his route though . 
  i mean , even if the kassiterides were actually clearly defined ( which iirc they were n't ) , it might as well have taken him 6 days to get to scotland . 
  or even wales for all i know . 
  this is even more adorable than the serbo-croatian couple posted yesterday . 
  and those flowers had to have been bought * somewhere * . 
  it 's supporting local businesses !, 
  maybe less planters but more importers though , but still . 
  and i 'm sure us dutchies can sell you some . 
  that 's pretty damn adorable . 
  rude !, 
  hah , well , i got it nevertheless . 
  maybe partially because i 'm more familiar with `` deer '' for the animal than i am with `` dear '' in the sense of expensive . 
  i rather believe the pun was made . 
  why else would he even use the word dear if not for it being a homophone to deer ? 
  not content with being moderator , you 're also grammar police ? 
  efficient . 
  are you sure you 're not german ? 
  egad , a yank moderator in / r/europe ?!, 
  / r/europe big . 
  congrats mate , i 've seen you around often enough to know you 're not ( too much of ) an idiot , so this should work out nicely . 
  teaching children multiple languages can be nicely efficient though . 
  i mean , technically speaking english is my third tongue and i 'm busy learning even more . 
  so it is , theoretically , possible but not for everybody and a good basis really does wonders . 
  but it 's implausible to demand such things from everybody . 
  hah , i 'm not surprised they 're similar . 
  it 's obviously all a plot though , exactly .
