  i 've been awed multiple times by looking up at the sky at night in my home village . 
  even in the morning waiting for the bus . 
  it * is * possible to see the stars , even without getting comically punched in the face . 
  that 's because england is a collection of clusters with relatively large distance in between . 
  there is no such distance in the netherlands . 
  it 's either part of the well-lit supercluster or it 's somewhere outside and producing a pinprick of light . 
  someting like 10 $ , apparently . 
  it does n't even include traditional yupik shamanism either !, 
  it 's a map `` of prejudice '' as said in the title . 
  it probably refers to stereotypical and/or historical `` facts '' and that 's why there 's no significant islam in europe . 
  i suppose a country like albania could be islamic on this map but i 'm inclined to believe there 're a lot of people who 'd say `` albania ? 
  eastern orthodox , i dunno '' . 
  i thought it had to do with imported eastern europeans becoming plumbers and electricians and whatnot in western europe . 
  i did a bit of searching on ye olde pedia-of-wikies ;  new europe is a rhetorical term used by conservative political analysts in the united states to describe european post-communist era countries in central europe . 
  the `` newness '' of these countries refers not to the length of time they have been independent , but to the fact that they have only recently re-acquired the status of capitalist democracies . 
  from , [ new europe ( political expression ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_europe_%28political_expression%29 ) . 
  i thought it was about stereotypes instead of facts though . 
  although , admittedly , i 've never heard of romania being stereotypically atheist . 
  i was gon na jokingly say that too but they 're not as known for beer and they usually supplied the warriors more than the terrain . 
  and not much of either the last few centuries . 
  ... huh . 
   iirc there is somewhat sizeable religious resistance to vaccination from the dutch bible belt . 
  there is , though even there the majority stab their children with diseases . 
  worse yet , you could pick up speed when you do n't want to . 
  oh i found it . 
  the flag used in the map is the proposed inter-frisian flag of the groep fan auwerk and they claim it as frisian land . 
  the independent european region of friesland has its own borders . 
  within those borders are the provinces of frysl\u00e2n and groningen ( in the netherlands ) , ost-friesland ( in germany ) , and nord-fraschlonj in northern germany and southern denmark . 
  found here , in english . 
  edit : it 's two , you piece-of-shit-formatting . 
  i googled a bit and the winners were around 46 km/h . 
  maybe with climbs and shit included . 
  70 sounds ridiculously fast . 
  i ca n't even comprehend bicycling that fast . 
  then again , i 'm no professional . 
  i dunno , the bombastic/condescending `` we 're just so much more * important * you guise '' . 
  well , okay , sure . 
  nobody was saying otherwise so why were they being so defensive from the get-go ? 
  the area used to be frisian i suppose . 
   if i remember correctly the fastest i got when driving to school once was ~ 32 kmph , lol noob . 
  the highest i ever recorded on a functioning speedometer was 36.6 . 
  it died shortly after and i 've been nearly a decade without now . 
  and even in cycling sports that seems useless . 
  the average speed of the tour de france seem to me like it would be a * teensy * bit higher than a meagre 20 km/h . 
  you 're waffling on a bit , mate . 
  nobody ever believes that outside the netherlands . 
  i 've had discussions elsewhere about it as well and they always bring up the completely barking * mad * situations in their countries . 
  like cycling on the pavement in the usa or on a high-speed road in ` straya . 
  that 's a good reason to stop and i 'd be very careful too in a city that has actual hills to go downhill from . 
  it would mean you have a lot of momentum and it 's not always easy to see if there 's traffic coming . 
   people have died from falling off their bikes while motionless . 
  sure . 
  that 's a tricky balancing act and one you ca n't keep up for long . 
  that 's why you put either legs on the ground or you start moving . 
   there really is no need for a helmet as long as you know how to not fall over . 
  kids fall over all the time even when * walking * . 
  they 'd arguably need a full suit of armour everywhere . 
  thing is though , the infrastructure makes it safer here without helmets than elsewhere * with * helmets . 
  and lots of people feel absolutely no need to wear one . 
  * yes * . 
  damnit , that 's perfectly put !, 
  there 's quite a lot of pomp but it 's a bit frayed and rather harsh as well . 
  haha no . 
  i was just making a joke based on personal observation from when i was there almost half a year ago . 
  i did get a sort of depressed vibe from there though . 
  lots of mud , lots of dust , uncaring/unsmiling people , buildings are impressive on the outside and sometimes even partially on the inside but it always comes across as stern and dreary . 
  yup , looks russian alright . 
  i think it 's partially the harsh lighting and the industrial ceiling though . 
  the wall in the back with the russian emblem does n't look bad . 
  in that regard it is clearly representative of its people and the rest of the country . 
  you 're using a lot of buzzwords and hot issues there . 
  sure it 's culture , but that 's exactly my point . 
  that 's * why * they need to integrate . 
  all i did was explain * how * it is they have n't yet done so . 
   how many imams in the netherlands are lesbian females ? 
  oh come on . 
  that 's a loaded question if i ever saw one . 
  i do n't think there is one lesbian imam in the netherlands , no . 
  then again , i do n't know * any * imams and the amount of muslims or even religious people i know * at all * is very low as well . 
  i 'll tell you one thing though , i do n't know any lesbian parsons , pastors or vicars either . 
  i tried googling but all i found was `` pastoor ( catholic ) refuses to baptise baby lesbian couple '' or `` gays ca n't go to communion '' . 
   because even if he says a lot of bullshit , he is also right ( do n't speak dutch , but i know forteyun clashed with muslims about lgbtq-rights ) and fortuyn was n't killed by a muslim but by a white guy with ( shock , horror ) an * english * mother . 
  who is said to have done it to `` protect '' muslims although i 've also seen people claim he did it * as an animal activist * . 
  i want less wilders and less henks and ingrids in my country . 
  i do n't give a shit about moroccans , i 've been hassled more often by the whitest of the white skinheaded scooter-driving bomberjack-wearing native dutchies . 
  but i suppose i do n't count as i 'm not from the randstad . 
   a dutch source cites nine murders between 1999 and 2007 . 
  i think we had more liquidations of `` top-level '' criminals in that same span of time then . 
  or is that murders * as a whole * instead of just honour killings ? 
  shouting stupid shit for easy points has been his focus . 
  it 's just that what the most suitable shit is changes every so often . 
  moroccans , europe , poles , greece , moroccans again , he 's just appealing to vague feelings of discontent and easy blame . 
  true enough , it 's a cultural difference . 
  but lower income does not exactly help anyone to integrate . 
  in the case of moroccan children , problems are caused partially because their parents are at work trying to provide which means they do n't have time to learn dutch and have difficulties ensuring their kids stay in school and because their kids do n't stay in school they are somewhat outside of society . 
  and they then band together with other kids who do n't stay in school and then you have a group that is increasingly othering itself from the majority of the nation . 
  and that 's not even to do with ethnicity so much . 
  i doubt the moroccans would do it anymore so than poles , syrians or laotians who might 've ended up in a similar situation . 
  something does need fixing though , but i do n't think agitating against an entire ethnicity is going to fix anything . 
  it 's easy points for wilders but would probably only further polarise the issue .
