  this was just a flunkey . 
  good , keep that up . 
  you 've had a lapse now , but that 's okay . 
  we can get through this . 
  most of those things are pretty useless to an indigenous population and often got fucked up due to arbitrary administrative lines which ended up causing all sorts of ethnic tensions and warfare . 
  a road from some mine in a jungle in your own neighbouring country heading towards a port in a different neighbouring country but completely bypassing your own agriculture , population centres and basic industries is quite useless . 
  bullshit long-lasting pervasive circlejerk mode engaged . 
  better late than never . 
  why ? 
  seems like a lot of self-congratulation by the brits but i 'm not sure how it relates to most of europe . 
   it is one of the most important documents to britain , sure . 
  it is officially & legally recognised and that 's what matters . 
  it 's just lots of people whining and not letting others have something . 
  i 'll take your word for it , i ca n't really get through the first minute . 
  huh , i did n't know you guys had that . 
  happy independence day then . 
  i thought you 'd just get a private to do it . 
  but soon he 'll rise again to terrorise the lands of the living !, 
  and especially those blasted hobbits !, 
  [ not necessarily ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/06/science/a-lab-grown-burger-gets-a-taste-test.html?_r=0 ) . 
  i guess that 's close enough to cloning to count as you are just copying bits of animal except without ever going through the animal stage . 
  the only words by the end that could be dutch are `` in '' , `` ze '' and `` plas '' and only one of those stays the same in meaning . 
  kinda stagnated , it seems . 
   why ? 
  got ta whine about something . 
  it 's good but all this means is that people are less forgiving of minor fuckups because they have too high expectations . 
  your map shows it having more . 
  a larger part of england ( and certainly wales with 100 % ) is blue than of czech republic . 
  seems like the anglophone world is whining a lot more about the french language than the french ever do themselves . 
  the french whine defensively , the brits just bring it up all the time over and over again . 
  and people go along with that , which makes the froggies even more defensive . 
  i do , fine by me . 
  maybe it 'll stop them from whining about the other language of the netherlands so much . 
  yeah i said it wrong . 
  should 've been `` more bicycles than * people * '' . 
  not france , that much is obvious . 
  better than [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxijcfvds0e ) . 
   are n't americans notorious for being friendly ? 
  no , you 're notorious for this shit :  we bailed you guys out twice, 
  you should be ashamed of yourselves . 
  we have more bicycles than cars ( and saunas ) . 
  i did n't know they called it `` scale 1:6.000.000 '' in syria and such . 
  jinkies . 
  it 's not `` their way '' , it 's just one user that likes doing this . 
  i myself quite like it anyway and i never understand why people whine about it as he always posts a translation in english as well . 
  aeneas in puppi stat . 
  and then we think a few steps further and see ; - immigrant kid never actually learns dutch because immigrant kid does not interact with local kids and therefore only uses the language in a school setting . 
  - immigrant kid still does n't integrate because the only social connection they have is with other immigrant kids who also do not speak much dutch and do not interact with local kids . 
  aaagh that 's even worse !, 
  you 're welcome ? 
  that 's some very good missing the point you got there . 
  well done . 
  you ignore most of my post and latch on to a relatively minor part of it . 
  they 're not campaigning about the age of consent as such because that is not the point . 
  they 're campaigning that the girl * has not even reached * said age . 
  they 're also campaigning about the stupid shit that was said by him and by kadyrov , about the fact that the man is * already married * and that this `` marriage '' is therefore illegal , about how the girl was seemingly forced into it and they 're campaigning about the power abuse and the clearly apparent attitude of sexism in the area . 
  past midlife . 
  desperate old goat . 
  / me reads article . 
  oh wait , it actually makes sense . 
  what the fuck , a midlife crisis dipshit marrying an underaged girl ? 
  that ai n't right . 
  and then they defend it by saying stupid shit , oh yeah , brilliant stuff . 
  it hides the barcode every person has in their hair and makes them impossible to scan at check-out . 
   best way to solve a problem is to avoid it . 
  that 's just sticking your head in the sand and causes more problems . 
  if we want integration , fine , then we need to be engaged in it . 
  this does not work if you leave schools to ghettofy and avoid any and all interaction . 
  that just creates a seperate culture with feelings of resentment . 
  there is no `` they '' and there is no `` our '' in this case , no matter how convenient those terms are for getting people antsy . 
  it 's not some kind of black anti-dutch conspiracy . 
  there were white people who though zwarte piet had to go and there were black people who do n't give half a shit . 
  it 's not an us versus them fight . 
  or at least not one split on racial lines . 
   immigrants should learn to live with us not the other way around . 
  but that 's impossible if `` we '' actively avoid them . 
  which is what 's happening here . 
  so i do n't know how the immigrants can be blamed for this . 
  you either have not read the article or are trying to push some contrived `` evil evil immigrunts '' baloney . 
  regardless , it 's not particularily germane . 
  hurray congratulireland !, 
  no , danish does things a lot worse . 
  50 is two-and-a-half-twenty . 
  which is just weird . 
  now do n't go mad with power y' hear , norway ? 
  that 's a lot of very definite woulds where mights are more appropriate . 
  can i steal the meg , burger king ? 
  judging by the net drama it looks like neutrality is dead already . 
  smart . 
  cruel streaky bacon ? 
  i do n't know man . 
  jews had stereotypes of poisoning wells and murdering christian children for evil rituals way back when . 
  do n't sit there and tell me there was any truth to those beyond jews being a bit seperate from the general populations of the time . 
  mighty fine & convenient to sit there `` yup , they had it coming , stereotypes always had some truth to them , yup , got ta be true '' but i really do n't think that holds up . 
  that 's just tribalist bullshit demonising the perpetual `` other '' . 
  not that i 'm saying these gypsies could n't have done it , mind you , but i 'll be waiting for court proceedings to be finished before condemning them to the deepest pits of hell and even then * only * those who actually were responsible for this heinous shit . 
  a common accusation at least . 
  dance the can-can . 
  what do people * normally * do with grenade launchers ? 
  i blame those new-fangled poloni-o 's .
