  so many kraut-coins . 
   a greek 2004 olympics commemorative coin , and the tenth anniversary of the emu ( stickman with '' $ '' ) coin . 
  i have both of these as well !, 
  although i 'm beginning to think it 's not about a tenth anniversary of the emu but rather a specific tenth anniversary of the fact that the country it was made in has been using the euro . 
  i have one that says `` netherlands 2002-2012 '' but / r/elmicha linked one from austria 1999-2009 . ', 
  edit ; you 're right , it 's the emu thing . 
  mine also says 1999-2009 , i dunno why i thought otherwise . 
  double edit ; i got that one mixed up with a coin that * does * say 2002-2012 , the dutch ten year anniversary of euro-use . 
  i have one of those !, 
  a dutch one !, 
  i 'm dutch . 
  a ridiculously massive amount of euro-coins i get are german . 
  nearly as much or more than actual dutch coins and i do n't even live near the border . 
  i 've had a bunch of french coins , but it 's mostly german or dutch . 
  i have neither a wallet or a piggy bank but i do have a pile of coins i do n't see as often , let 's see what 's in there . 
  one special 2-euro greek coin depicting the 2004 olympics in athens . 
  one special 2-euro dutch coins depicting a stick figure holding a euro-sign . 
  i do n't know what that 's all about . 
  one special 2-euro dutch coin apparently commemorating that we 've had the euro for 10 years ( it says 2002-2012 ) one 50-cent coin from luxembourg from 2002 depicting either a dude with an immaculate haircut or a silly hat . 
  and one 1-euro coin from greece with an adorable little owl on it . 
  i seem to have half the greek treasury here . 
  edit ; oh and belgians are also really common . 
  the french ones are usually with the less-than-one-euro theme and one of the coins i thought was french was apparently also german . 
  another edit : i 've also had a few finns and italians . 
  sweeeeet . 
  they look real fucking nice . 
  it was a joke . 
  i know . 
  it was a joke . 
  i was . 
  they 're obviously european . 
  just like georgia and morocco . 
  yep . 
  nope . 
  not sure if they ever did . 
  it 's a debit card or cash . 
  over here in the netherlands we did n't have the term , it 's just that everyone was convinced it was a rule and acted like it . 
  i actually grew up with a seperate dialect which would say `` achter hem '' or `` na hem '' or `` hem achterna '' which is far closer to dutch than to frisian . 
  i think frisian would be either efter hem or efter him but i 'm not really too sure . 
  this did n't really come to mind when i asked about the danish one though . 
  that was more because it seemed to be an amusingly mis-spelled `` after him '' or `` after hem '' with the `` hem '' being the relevant dutch equivalent . 
  question though , does it mean `` after him '' in the sense of `` get him !, 
  chase him and catch him ! '', 
  or does it mean `` behind him '' or `` after him '' in the sense of `` him '' having been before you ? 
  because i think my answer might vary based on this . 
  in dutch the first sense i mentioned would be more something like `` achtervolg hem '' ( chase after him ) or `` hem achterna '' , `` behind him '' would actually be `` achter hem '' and in the sense of time ( him going before you ) then it would be `` na hem '' . 
  that 's just fucking silly . 
   efter ham does this mean after him ? 
  ( does that even work in this way ? ), 
  yep . 
  also fun is `` kankermongool '' ( krebsmungo if i 'm right on the spelling of that last word . ), 
  there 's a comment about slandering a whole race of people but i do n't see how that 's relevant in this link ? 
  et bilts is nog krek wat aans as de friese taal maar et likent soms op een combinatie van holl\u00e2ns en fries . 
  31.75 andd 33.81 ? 
  holy shit . 
  lot of these things are just plain retarded . 
  jesus christ that 's disgusting . 
  well , that 's rude . 
  you just called the poor chap a german , that 's uncalled for !, 
  the krauts ? 
  drank the most ? 
  baloney . 
  the krauts ( students even ! ), 
  were too pussy to try something new . 
  oh please . 
  i 'm not advocating slavery here . 
  it was a joke , jesus christ . 
  it was about soccer/football , so if they have a small population , it 's less likely they have enough good players so they should just get one from africa like everyone else does . 
  i 'm not sure what you think i meant . 
  it 's real fucking tiny . 
  it 's smaller than the none-too-big city i live in . 
  they should just import some black guys , it 's what everyone does . 
  it 's just too bad i ca n't really recognise all the us state-shapes ( yes , i know there 's a list ) . 
  although russia seems to have a few odd us `` states '' . 
  about dang time too . 
  that does sound like interesting science . 
  that is also a good point . 
  yeah , that 's a good point . 
  oh yeah , it 's a good start . 
  but i do n't think solar panelling could supply enough power for several cars per day . 
  oh sure , it 's still a benefit compared to just gas but it 's a bit half-hearted in that regard . 
  instead of having the cars rely on fossil fuels we would then have powerplants providing fuel for the cars that rely on fossil fuels . 
  it does n't seem very efficient . 
  hurray !, 
  now if we could * juuust * make it so that these stations use actual clean energy ... 
  he 's also an obnoxious character due to all his obnoxious fans . 
  i once shocked a german by explaining to him what `` kankermongool '' meant because he had heard it but did n't know what it was . 
  he also liked to call people `` klootzak '' . 
  i had a teacher who called people `` knuppel '' . 
  it was pretty amusing . 
  i think so . 
  it 's been a while since i saw that though . 
  iirc , france has programs that encourage people to have more children . 
  oh neat , thanks for the explanation . 
  i was really confused . 
  does this actually mean anything ? 
  spheres of influence ? 
  that seems a bit odd with regards to london and dublin . 
  as far as i know , it 's pretty dead . 
  i never really hear anything about it although wikipedia claims it was still pretty big in 2012 .
