  it does n't need to muslims specifically . 
  but it 's likely going to be immigrants anyway and a country like turkey has a huge population of youngsters ready to work . 
  i imagine they 'd start applying for jobs here when the need for labour is high , so a lot of muslims would show up regardless of it being specifically required . 
  highfive then !, 
  it did seem to be clashing awkwardly with the rest of your post . 
  you say sense . 
  i like you . 
  if you blame one group ( any group ) for everything they 're far more likely to entrench rather than compromise . 
  this is exactly like how us national politics look but on a different scale . 
  democrats blame republicans who blame democrats . 
  wilders blames moroccans who blame the dutch as a whole who then support wilders because those moroccans are giving them lip . 
  maybe they could be more used to how the uk does stuff . 
  they likely came from india which has had a huge british influence . 
  could be interesting if we could compare indian hindus in the uk with indian muslims in the uk . 
  see what the differences are there . 
  the menace that is soccer strikes again !, 
  aww it 's too bad they did n't show an image of the gentleman whinging about how he barely survived being beheaded by radical racist muslim fundamentalists . 
   that 's funny , because i have friends studying in saudi arabia , and their no 1 complaint is the backwards draconic segregation based on sex . 
  well sure , but i do n't think that 's simply due to islam . 
  it 's due to theocratical holier-than-thou meddling based on islam . 
  would 've been just as obnoxious under and repressive based on christianity and that happened too . 
  okay , instead of the wbc imagine all the frothing no-abortion , no-gay , no-blacks , pro-war baptist hicks instead . 
  closer ? 
  what , all of them or is it just that you notice the louder ones because they 're being loud ? 
   it is still a much better alternative to islam . 
  it is * now * . 
  not because of some inherent moral superiority but rather because people wo n't put up with the more excessive shit no mo ' . 
  there are * huge * differences amongst muslims . 
  you have matrilineal muslim groups for crying out loud . 
  these things have all been encouraged by everyone else as well , untill people became a bit more tolerant , rational and scientific . 
  in europe that is . 
  `` islam in europe '' is no less susceptible to that than , say , christianity was , and if you treat muslim immigrants right then i 've no doubt shit like that would be smoothed out eventually . 
  and odds are that they are n't in any way likely to get a whole lot of traction in most western european politics anytime soon , but that does n't mean you get to treat muslim immigrants as being less than human . 
  that would only create further resentment and division and you 'd essentially be heading in entirely the wrong way . 
  because there 's hordes of old people about to retire and we 'd end up with huge gaps in employment and healtchare is n't an attractive thing to go work in so eventually lots of nurses and medical personell will be necessary from someplace . 
  a lot of them * will * westernize and do . 
  it 's just that you never hear about those people because media and politicians are too busy railing against those that do n't . 
  i do n't think you can blame the disparaty of western and muslim culture . 
  it is entirely possible to be a western muslim . 
  that 's not to blame for what happens to some some second generation muslim immigrants . 
  what does happen is that their parents ca n't learn the new language as well due to having to work . 
  this means that their children can easily slack off in and avoid school because their parents wo n't be made aware of what happens . 
  as a result their school results are lower and they end up in poorer positions and hang out together and then you have politicians whining about how they 're all up to no good and scaring old ladies and such . 
  and odds are very much that children of immigrants instead * distance * themselves from their parents beliefs . 
  simply because they 're outdated , dull and unpopular . 
  they 're more likely to hang around with friends from school rather than their parents and if they can be engaged during their school years they 'd end up far more westernized instead . 
  it wo n't work if they all huddle up together so they need to be engaged by government , school and neighbourhoods instead . 
  parents need to be informed about what their children are up to as much as that the children need to be informed what can and ca n't be done . 
  oh wow , look at the nile too . 
  i knew cairo was ridiculously big but did n't quite expect that . 
  london does look less dominant in relative terms , yes . 
  but on that map it looks just as sparkly as paris and more than madrid . 
  it 's just that the rest of britainland is also glittery . 
   worst would quite easily be dutch , it 's bland and dull hehe . 
  the traditional things that follow the `` throw it into a pot and bash it all together '' format , sure . 
  but there 's lost of indonesian influences as well . 
  there 's tasty pies from the south and neat breads from the north and lots of fish from the west . 
  edit : ooh and i 've been told by several non-dutch folk that poffertjes are fantastic . 
  teensy little pancakes . 
  he went waay ofcourse in the first paragraph . 
  i mean , i 'd consider italy quite an important part of the culture and everything derived from the romans for europe and i can see why finland or slovenia would be considered periphery ( as if that even matters ) . 
  but * germany * and the netherlands ? 
  they 've contributed heaps to the foundation of current europe and germany is still a ( relatively ) stable powerhouse !, 
  oh no , they disapprove of me practicising my religion on someone else . 
  they must be nazi 's !, 
  and you ca n't * exactly * claim it 's anti-jewish either as it 'd apply to * anyone * circumcising any minors for non-medical reasons . 
  including muslims and the occasional immigrant yank . 
  i 'm sorry , how do you mean that ? 
  he did do that with the netherlands ( at first anyhow ) but that was just coloured in as french . 
  hmm yeah . 
  i think it 's a bit counter-productive . 
  i do n't like them much anyway but in this case it 's pretty obvious it should be legalised and regulated . 
  doing that makes more sense than privatising the railways ever has . 
  ofcourse the confessional parties are opposed to that but that 's a given . 
  pretty damn neat . 
  a date tracker would 've been neat indeed but this was cool too . 
  i was expecting some serious bullshit by the end due to the uploaders username though . 
  i especially like the hyperactive mess in italy and the later german clusterfuck . 
  i did think napoleonic france was bigger though . 
  still seems strange to me that the free-market liberals want to limit a good and keep a market in check . 
  i hope they 'll get rid of all the nonsense and simply straight-up legalise it . 
  with regulations and laws similar to that of smoking and alcohol . 
  they should probably resent berlusconi 's rampant corruption more than merkel 's measures . 
  excluding much of south america , the entirety of china and all of the former ussr , that 's pretty accurate , yes . 
  there 's actually a few language that can compete for the title `` lingua franca '' english is the biggest one , ofcourse but it leaves gaps that are filled by spanish ( south america ) and russian ( former ussr ) as well as chinese in china itself . 
  granted , that 's only one country but it is the country with the biggest population . 
   now . 
  and the last guy , too . 
  the articles says that neither of them was good enough to actually have a meaningful political discussion in the language though . 
  i mean , it 's a good start but maybe not sufficient . 
  that and knowing a non-english language well enough to use it would probably lead to fox claiming they were traitors or foreigners or elitist or whatever . 
  oh my , that statement is offensive . 
  i demand you take it down . 
   ( flatter than the netherlands ) impressive . 
  he need only orally ingest a bullet and be cured of his idiocy . 
  or the council of european councils ? 
  and , if necessary the european council council ofcourse . 
  well the religious reason is that the jews have the covenant of abraham which says they have to do snippity snippity or else god wo n't be bff 's with them anymore . 
  because he has such a good track record as omnipotent friend . 
  ofcourse , i bet the only reason that is even a thing is just so nobody will leave .
