  : c though we * are * clearly germanic so in a way that makes sense , but still . 
   i guess that ` een bezorgde burger ' means ' a worried citizen ' . 
  it could also mean `` a delivered burger '' . 
  yeah they probably came here from greek . 
  oh that 's pretty cool !, 
  over here we used to have similar godly names derived from greek ( via latin ? ), 
  like `` theodoor '' or `` theofiel '' although those names are uncommon now . 
  more common is the shortened `` theo '' ( or thea for girls ) but that 's a bit archaic too . 
  awesome !, 
  the names look pretty cool to me . 
  i just saw this chap 's name and all of a sudden i realised it actually meant something . 
  francophones , am i right ( just not very relevant ) in thinking that `` dieudonn\u00e9 '' translates to `` god-given '' ? 
  swedish royal retainers would n't need to do a lot of fell swooping . 
  what a dramaqueen title . 
  blah , i 'm not enthusiastic about those either . 
  i like the german one least . 
  every time i look at the coins to see if it 's interesting there 's a bloody bundesadler on it . 
  or the belgian king . 
  although the actual dutch ones are boring as fuck too . 
  all the same lame image . 
  europe 's still crawling with monarchies bro . 
   there are currently twelve ( 12 ) extant sovereign monarchies in europe today . 
  europe 's monarchies are : the principality of andorra , the kingdom of belgium , the kingdom of denmark , the principality of liechtenstein , the grand duchy of luxembourg , the principality of monaco , the kingdom of the netherlands , the kingdom of norway , the kingdom of spain , the kingdom of sweden , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the state of the vatican city . 
  oh interesting . 
  i like the star fort design on the natural thingamajiggers . 
  that looks like any dutch city i 've seen . 
  nothing special . 
  i need a lot more . 
  the population is stagnating and the goblins are relentless . 
  dam them !, 
  what an ` orrible cropping job . 
  still , it 's pretty cool . 
  i dunno , it 's pretty clear they 're only portrayed for one purpose , i suppose that 's what makes it objectifying . 
  ofcourse those too , how could i forget !, 
  and probably a million potatoes too . 
  yes . 
  thousands of casualties . 
  mostly avian but also rabbits , boar and deer . 
  christmas happened this week . 
  and so should the spectators !, 
  well * we * did n't vote for him , no matter what else you might bleat . 
  agreed . 
  sexual objectification , sure . 
  that the women themselves agreed to , perhaps volunteered for , and that is in no way representative of women at large . 
  but that does n't make it sexist . 
  sexism is prejudice or discrimination based on sex , and i would argue that that is not the case here . 
  there is no implied judgement here . 
   i will have to visit at some point . 
  looks amazing . 
  spread some genes around , that sort of thing . 
  there 's more . 
  ` sides , it was apparently the fault of the danish authorities who did n't mention it as traditional . 
  which would give it some leniency . 
  yeah , okay . 
  your point being ? 
  there 's more kinds of cinnamon . 
  and i would n't be surprised if traditional stuff in their traditional season gets more leniency anyway . 
  especially since it would be an improved version of the stuff apparently . 
  also , i imagine that the price would go down somewhat if it was farmed on a greater scale . 
  so in thelong run you might not even * have * a price hike . 
  agreed . 
  the title is easy scaremongering ( also what the article itself uses ) but it 's not actually accurate nor fair . 
  not only is a danish interpretation , the title implies cinnamon as a whole is under siege . 
  which just ai n't true , they 're yapping on about a specific , more toxic * kind * of fucking cinnamon . 
  title is scare-mongering . 
  article itself even mentions it 's not about banning cinnamon as a whole , but rather a specific more-toxic kind of cinnamon . 
  also from the article ;  under ** danish interpretation ** of the eu legislation easy eu-bashing tripe . 
  as is not uncommon from the inselaffen press . 
  misleading title . 
  they 're not `` banning cinnamon '' , they 're opposed to a specific * kind * of cinnamon . 
  ooooooh why i oughta ... 
  nothing at all . 
  there 's no time related to that . 
  but if you kill the first big boss then one of the characters you talk to will say `` i 'm gon na party like it 's 999 ! '', 
  ooh nice one , did n't even think of that . 
  ( first i thought of when i read your comment was a diabloii reference ), 
  awesome you 're the second brit that wants to join with the netherlands . 
  just make the benelux into one country . 
  drive out the walloons and the groningers first though . 
  there was a pole up there being sensible too . 
  milk in tea . 
  best way to ruin two perfectly good beverages . 
  and saying `` there are totally good reasons you guise '' without actually * giving * said reasons is sensible input , sure . 
  same with russia in some places , although i 'm not sure that counts as european country in this context . 
  it 's that obama knows more about the kid 's family than the kid himself does . 
  i think . 
  if i had the money i 'd buy a rafale . 
  would be kickass . 
  huh , thanks, 
  you might still get problems with your family though . 
  as in , they might not consider you family anymore . 
  which i 've always sound silly because to me `` oe '' is a completely different sound to \u00f6 . 
  and i intended to say '' \u00f6sterreich '' up there but i screwed up because i wanted it between quotation marks . 
  i know about `` osterreich '' . 
  my point is that it 's not actually particularily easy to choose not to adhere to a belief system in some cases . 
  nope it 's more of an `` uy '' sound , if you can imagine it . 
  an oy sound but you start it like you would a u. 
  austria is the special name . 
  i 'm serious , it does n't make sense . 
  the country is `` eastern empire '' or some shit like that , where the hell does `` austria '' come from ?
