  he 's good at getting hit by touristy rubbish . 
  very cool . 
  good article too , although i 'm not done yet and have n't listened to it yet . 
  the article mentions that the winner of the original local `` liet '' hit the top of the charts of the netherlands and flanders . 
  this happened in 1999 and the song concerned is [ w\u00ear bisto ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5apvpgl0vhe ) , which means `` where are you '' in frisian . 
  the lyrics are pretty simple and about love between the two and how they 've been seperated for too long and that they love eachother for exactly who they are . 
  there are apparently two versions and the one i linked is a longer one with lyrics . 
  maybe even figure-out-able if you look at similarities with words in the surrounding germanic languages . 
  luckily , frisian is a * very * close relative of english so with some puzzling you can probably get pretty far . 
  frisian is more phonetic though . 
  the second `` best '' comment is fucking hideous though and should probably be discarded . 
  i thought `` just you see , the netherlands are gon na be fairly fat , i 'm not surprised '' . 
  and then i was surprised . 
  not even kibbeling or lekkerbekjes ? 
  barely even fish !, 
  that sounds awesome . 
  i know a black french guianan girl ( iirc ) who once did something similar with pinks and purples . 
  absolutely stunning . 
  not working , it seems . 
  bloody poles took our jerbbssss . 
  or at least the jerrbs nobody wanted to do and which we already did n't have turks doing . 
  nobody is shoving anything down anyone 's throats you big baby . 
  the only one is trying to force anyone to do anything is you . 
  i was just checking what exact kind of dickhead you were and now i know . 
   but if he wants to show respect to the rest of the planet , he can convey that culture in a way that others might understand what he 's talking about . 
  instead of throwing a whiny bitchfit about the first half of his comments , you should 've read the second part as well . 
  those are invariably in english so what the fuck are you even bitching about ? 
  if you want people to be interested in your language , maybe you should use your own language along with an english translation dude . 
  you sound significantly more butthurt than dclauzel ever did . 
  grow up mate . 
  dclauzel is even writing in english as well so you have no grounds to wine and certainly no grounds to insinuate that france `` needs to learn english '' . 
  clearly they already have . 
  i 'd tell you to fuck off but by the looks of it you 're going to delete your comment anyway so all i can say is that i hope you 'll decide to be less of a little bitch in the future . 
  maybe then you wo n't feel the need to remove your own comments . 
  man , i did n't know half those were british . 
  also firefly and creassembly ; < 3, 
  you also have quite a few hollands according to wikipedia . 
  and even two nederlands which is quite charming . 
  yes . 
  the city is leeuwarden and includes streets like spaniardslane , guyanastreet , balistreet , sumatrastreet . 
  the last three probably reflect on the colonial background and spaniardslane might refer to the 80 years ' war . 
  the city also has a `` freedom quarter '' with streets like `` invasion street '' , `` droppingstreet '' , `` victory street '' , `` convoy street '' and all this business obviously refers to the liberation of the city in world war two at the hands of those greatest liberators of all , who also have a seperate street named after them ; ** canadians lane . 
  ** ( the area also includes dragoon square and freedom canal ) in a different part of the city we have streets named after musicians ; mozartstreet , brahmsstreet , berliozstreet , euterpestreet ( the muse of music ) and a few more like that . 
  elsewhere again we have pasteurstreet and albert schweizerstreet . 
  the industrial area in town has streets named after romano-greek mythological figures ( adonis , jupiter , ceres , etc ) as well as the huge planet 's lane . 
  and lastly , the * other * industrial area has the einstein - , archimedes - and fahrenheitsroads , the kelvin - , marconi - , galvani - , and james wattsstreets as well as newtonlane . 
  with very close by the braillie - , fleming - , borell - , curie - and nobelroads . 
  so more than enough . 
  and a few streets named after groningen . 
  a field somewhere in bonaire is named after the city leeuwarden . 
  let 's average it . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  the netherlands also has/had triumph studies which did fairly well with age of wonders and overlord . 
  and davilex with a2 racer , bitches . 
   and they are also the team behind gog.com . 
  praise be , these people are saints . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
   46.522929,13.714111 there seems to already be a building there . 
  i find it hard to believe they only had one design of dress though . 
  but the refugees from pakistan can often have quite valid reasons for trying to get the fuck outta there . 
  aaaah my bad , i thought you were making a snide comment trying to bash on the mods and the existence of such a tag . 
  i did n't realise this had an actually misleading title and that you were being genuine . 
  my mistake . 
  when has the usa ever been not multi-ethnic ? 
   central europe ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  you were unfairly blamed for something so others should be unfairly blamed too ? 
  why would it ? 
  this is the same title as the article uses . 
  the last thread i saw flagged like that gave its own hysterical spin to the title . 
   if an european would say such things it would be eviscerated by a group of feminists lol no . 
  it would never come to the attention of `` a group of feminists '' because it would never be considered newsworthy because nobody would give a shit . 
  just a bunch of twats living like swine . 
  big fucking deal . 
  they 're the only ones suffering from their own bullshit . 
  does n't territorial integrity simply mean no other country may fuck with your territory or try to instigate nationalist movements ? 
  `` national aspirations must be respected ; people may now be dominated and governed only by their own consent . 
  self determination is not a mere phrase ; it is an imperative principle of action . 
  -- woodrow wilson with his famous self-determination speech on 11 february 1918 [ 12 ] after he announced his fourteen points on 8 january 1918 . 
  this is literally about the catalans aspiring to become an independent nation and to figure out if spain still has the consent of the catalans to continue to govern them . 
  this is * exactly * the right to self-determination . 
  deserved it or not , it 's pretty clearly just murder . 
  usually you have the process of courts and the law to do this kind of thing because `` deserving it '' is an incredibly subjective idea and i do n't want to be gunned down by some fuckhead who thinks i deserved it for the way i part my hair or whatever shit reason they might come up with . 
  i do n't see how most of your post is even relevant though . 
  german media/propaganda ? 
  tolerance ? 
  where do either of those things even come into it here , are you just throwing around whatever buzzwords you can think of ? 
  the netherlands has it . 
  i think it was something like 20 years maximum but any more than that could be given as a life penalty . 
  rare though , and under some criticism because it has a rather archaic appeals system . 
  that is , none . 
  you only get out by royal pardon . 
  which has n't happened since 1970 . edit ; whoops , my bad , you were talking about lifelong solitary confinement . 
  i do n't think we have that . 
  it tells them * exactly * what the story is , without using words that are intended to lead people 's opinions in a specific direction . 
  better yet , this is the actual title of the actual article !, 
  he watched the godfather , goodfellas and two nat geo documentaries !, 
  come on guys let 's get all whipped up in a frenzy and demean any attempts at context and figuring shit out before forming into an internet lynch mob like your narrative depends on it !, 
  ... you absolute plonker . 
  `` the british '' instead of one stupid local police department .
