  the whole thing took about 800 fricking years . 
  it was n't even much of active reconquistering either . 
  just a long slow process of a bunch of states expanding at the cost of another which happened all over everywhere . 
  not really . 
  he 's a volunteering to execute prisoners does not make one a soldier , it makes you a murderer . 
  you 're at war and you 're fighting soldiers . 
  you punish murderers . 
  and i 'm personally not too fussed if murderers who publically confessed multiple times are considered guilty and then executed via airstrike either , but let 's not muddle too much with terms like `` valid military target '' too much . 
  sure , but if the statement is `` he was a soldier of a country we are at war with '' , then that is patently false considering isis is not a recognised country . 
  it 's not a country if you do n't recognise it . 
  no matter how much territory they hold or how many troops they have . 
  if isis is not recognised then it 's not a country and jizzface jockstrap is not a soldier of any country you 're at war with . 
  this is why terms like ` insurgent ' were invented . 
  maybe but the only walmarts here are 45 minutes or more away and getting there with any speed requires getting a taxi . 
  back home i just walk 5 minutes in any direction ( insofar possible ) and i find a supermarket . 
   heir culture has changed but minimally over the same period bull-fucking-shit . 
  all you 're doing here is showcasing a monumental ignorance of pretty much everything at all ever . 
  how is spain still the same ? 
  it used to be a bunch of seperate countries vying for dominance to a unified & stable monarchy . 
  instead of being a feudal land it is now a modern country . 
  instead of having an inquisition every so often it is now a relatively free modern country . 
  some politicians are , as usual , trying to pull repressive shit , but it is an absurd point to even bring up the past and pretend it 's relevant . 
  oh for christ 's sake . 
  you 're in no position to be asking serious questions if you actually believe and bring up that kind of immature bullshit . 
  read a book , read wikifuckingpedia , actually develop a goddamn understanding of history before you start with circlejerk bullshit . 
  a bunch of plundering murdering rapist slavers from a 1000 years ago can , in pretty much no western country , be compared to the modern country . 
  and is in fact a traditional put-down for islam and middle-eastern countries that they * have n't * changed . 
  so circlejerk target number 1 is bad for allegedly being the same and circlejerk target number 2 is bad for being different . 
  fuck off and grow up already . 
  bullshit you see that . 
  you just say you did so you can make a snide petty point for easy karma . 
  in the context of war crippling the economy , why is that a bad thing again ? 
  but what did britain actually do then ? 
  nobody sent troops . 
  it was little more than the un sending a concerned letter . 
  the only reason france did n't annex belgium is because france chose not to , not due to any british effort . 
  good point . 
  those were definitely buzzwords . 
  `` the swedes '' are a generalisation you made to catch attention . 
  bringing up `` liberal allies '' is a buzzword by blaming things on yet another generalised group . 
  liberal does not actually have much of a fixed meaning . 
  it can be a lot of things . 
  it can be as you say someone in favour of liberalising these politics but it can also be a free-market liberal who may be opposed to loosening border laws . 
  or it may be someone in favour of some ill-defined liberal values which does not necessarily imply anything about their opinions regarding immigration . 
  `` liberal '' , just like `` left '' and `` right '' are empty words in international politics and pinning whatever you do n't like on either of those things is classic buzzwordery . 
  no actual content but it sure gets people excited . 
  setting fire to things is generally not considered a valid point . 
  the swedes and their liberal allies ? 
  buzzwords much ? 
  which swedes ? 
  the arsonist swedes ? 
  which are really not in any place or position nor have any plan to `` deal with the 10 % '' ? 
  or are you blaming this on every other non-arsonist swede ? 
  heehee it almost looks like i walked into an askhistorians thread here . 
  how ? 
  belgium broke off from the netherlands and this was after napoleon . 
  and i ca n't find any thwarted-by-the-british french attempts after that . 
  german attempts , sure , two big ones , but no french ones . 
  i asked historians too but i never got a reply . 
  ha-haa i 've been to dublin for a week so got you there . 
  :p and really , proud celts ? 
  you lot do n't speak much irish do you ? 
  i admit i was taking the piss in my previous comment but if you go around with such blather as `` proud ethnicity mostly displaced over the last 500 years ! '', 
  then you deserve what you get . 
  and what i see on the internet from the irish is either a genuinely nice person but if it 's a place about learning ( or not ) english then every irishman turns into a desperate little suck-up parroting the same arrogant comments you 'd get from smarmy brits and some tag-along yanks who think they must have inherited the english ancestral grudge against france . 
   english teenagers ` worst in europe ' at languages i do n't understand the picture at the top of the article . 
  is it poking fun at german ? 
  it seems completely irrelevant to the content . 
  this is because it 's not the french who are arrogant . 
  it 's the brits . 
   if this is true , perhaps it 's time for more americans to teach english in europe . 
  it is true but a lot of countries speak english perfectly fine . 
  you do n't need to waste your time in the netherlands or denmark or whatever . 
   we are proud celts . 
  lol no you 're not . 
  exactly the same as the average britlander right up to the atrocious christmas sweater . 
  le epic edge 4chan xd, 
  they must be parched from the heat . 
  shit joke , shit happening . 
  hope y' all can recover well , romanians . 
  hey , if even fat italians can do it , it ca n't be that hard . 
  all you need to do is a lot of jumping and dodging and then you have to throw a turtle-dragon into a lake of fire . 
  not something you need to go to school for . 
  increased automation has lead to the creation of lots of rather pointless jobs somewhere along the way . 
  i do n't think more of that would really help . 
  we 'd need a more fundamental change in attitudes towards work and the necessity thereof . 
  one hundred * million * degrees celsius ? 
  jinkies . 
  also , lol 1 dollar . 
  that they live in london . 
  those poor souls ... nobody should have to live in london . 
  most similar is st maarten i guess . 
  november 11th , kids make lanterns and go round ringing doorbells and singing at people who open their door and who should then give those children candy . 
  australia just dumps them on nearby islands , i 'm not sure why people always pretend that 's a solution . 
  as long as it 's turbo , it 's fine . 
  france agreed to them though . 
  just breaking them afterwards . 
   and that article is 12 years old , woah . 
  ( funny also how france & italy are `` facing cases '' but uk has `` alleged '' breaches . ), 
  you guys are bigger and have a lot more natural advantages though .
