  and yet that 's exactly what you did in your edit of your previous post . 
  fair enough . 
  ohhhkay i can see that . 
  i was n't looking at the bigger picture . 
  thanks . 
  okay , true . 
  fair enough . 
  i applied the jantethingy mostly as a kind of socially enforced notion of equality there . 
  i can kinda see it in the netherlands as well . 
   your occupied british land their occupied british land * what * ? 
  for shame , englander . 
  not really . 
  there 's a difference between not wanting your daughter to be raped and pinning these crimes on an * entire race * . 
  yes , these rapists were pakistani . 
  and yes , they are utter trash . 
  scum of the earth . 
  but it 's insane to extrapolate the crimes of these horrible people and apply them to the entire race . 
  it would be just as insane to insinuate that all white people are embezzlers because of the banking scandals or that catholics are all child-rapists because of abuses within the church . 
  there 's more to it than just the fact that they 're pakistani . 
  they were pakistani and * fucking horrible people * for one . 
  neat although i think there 's also a bit of a cultural factor where the `` no ostentatious spending '' is concerned . 
  i mean , beyond level of trust in government . 
  would n't [ jante 's law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jante%27s_law ) and established social equality count for a lot here ? 
  i mean , as opposed to macho show-off cultures or unequal absolute monarchies ? 
  that 's quite interesting . 
  although it certainly did n't come at the cost of agriculture . 
  manufacturing , yes , that 's severely reduced but i always figured that was due to cheaper production in china or wherever . 
  obviously the two could be linked , so that 's interesting . 
  edit 5 minutes later ; is that really the same as what they describe in the article though ? 
  dutch disease seems to be about depreciation of national industries because of changed exchange rates due to focussing on oil . 
  if i think of `` avoiding '' something like that i would have something else in mind as `` selling oil and pooling the money together '' . 
  and then beat russia with the carrot and feed them the stick ? 
  i suspect this map-dealio is not meant for lap - and/or desktops ? 
  i 'll just do it over my phone . 
  eh , the way it 's used on reddit is generally an international effort to make fun of it . 
  i do n't think 4ringcircus is a village all by himself . 
  i mean , americans are large , i know , but villages typically need more than 1 person to claim villagity . 
  not really . 
  just did n't care to try picking it apart . 
  i know it 's an american-dominant site . 
  that does n't mean europeans ca n't want subreddits of their own as the general `` world - '' subreddits still mainly cater to americans with american contexts and american info and american problems that are of completely no relevance nor interest to europeans . 
  yup . 
  you 're reading more into it than i ever said . 
  good jorb . 
  that 's true , you 're right . 
  i should 've rephrased that starting sentence . 
  however , i feel that the use * here * is based on tumblr-malarkey . 
  it 's poking fun at the tumblr-social justice crowd who do exactly what i described . 
  it 's a tumblr-phrase . 
  it posits that some people have inherent privilege/power over others and by default the white , straight , well-educated men are the most privileged . 
  by telling them to `` check it '' , they 're reminding people of their advantages and to realise that not everyone is in such a situation . 
  at least , that 's the theory . 
  it 's often instead used simply as a cop-out or a put-down and as a way to ignore the actual argument made . 
  it 's also generally hilariously america-centric ( not a slight on the yanks as a whole but it 's just because it mostly seems to be yanks using the term against other yanks and then applying the specific american context to the whole wide world ) . 
  it 's also often used as a handy-dandy guide to create a hierarchy of who 's the most right on the internet . 
  the more privilege you have , the less right you are . 
  if you 're white and you say racism is bad then they attack you for being white and daring to say racism is bad . 
  if you 're a man and you say sexism is bad then you get accused of being an mra neckbeard misogynist . 
  if you 're straight and you say homophobia is bad then you get accused of being a hypocritical fake-ally appropriating the struggles of proud queer people . 
  if you 're cis then you are literally evil . 
  hitler re-incarnate and everything you do or think is violence and rape . 
  regardless of none of these things being an actual choice even though some people do seem to be making shit up just for oppression-points so they can weasel-word their way out of having privilege . 
  i do n't think you understand the concept of butthurt . 
  they 're not butthurt , they 're just making fun of america-centric subreddits . 
  * you * are the one butthurt about it . 
  well in the case of kazakhstan there 's russia to contend with . 
  mere distance is n't as big a problem as distance occupied by a less-than-helpful seperate sovereign state . 
  also berlin and warsaw . 
  yes , but that 's because it 's technically still part of france . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is though , sorry . 
  what do you mean ? 
  yeah but it 's not a rule . 
   this one does n't require you to be flaired to post . 
  neither does the other , no matter how much other users whine at you . 
  if you define eurasia as being split into europe and asia by the ural mountains/river ( thus providing a limit for europe ) then kazakhstan is already partially inside that definition of europe . 
  i mean , it looks far on the map you 've provided but that 's partially because you used `` the eu '' where / u/lewhen was talking about `` close to the continent of europe '' . 
  the only problem is that i do n't think it would be very practical to have a member state only accessible through either russia or western asia/the middle-east . 
  not with a russia similar to the current one in between kazakhstan and the rest of the eu . 
  that 's asking for trouble . 
  i have a cheap-ass bagless vacuum . 
  centec dirt devil . 
  it does the job admirably although i need to be careful emptying it else i get clouds of dust all over the place again . 
   people will just hoover for twice as long . 
  i quit hooooovering whenever everything looks clean enough . 
  i 'm not spending a set amount of energy here . 
  if one vacuum can do it in the same time as another while costing half as much power and money then that one is obviously the better choice , regardless of how many watts it produces . 
  and if i buy something i do n't calculate it into the house 's electricity bill to see whether or not it fits with my energy-ration for the month . 
  i buy it and i use it . 
  if i then have an amount of energy-consuming gizmo 's who do the same thing as an other bunch of energy-consuming gizmo 's while consuming 30 % less energy than that second bunch then i 'm , on the whole , saving energy and therefore money . 
  yeah , i guess i can understand that . 
   maria cookie these things are great if your stomach may not otherwise be able to handle solid foods . 
   in the buckets there 's tee . 
  i was afraid of that . 
  \u00f8kay , g\u00f8\u00f8d t\u00f8 kn\u00f8w . 
  no , i mean , it would be weird to call yourself anything plural . 
   steppes steppes are more central asia . 
  i 'd think more of the veldt in africa . 
  ( derived from veld ( t ) , dutch for `` field '' ) . 
  garlic , wine and cigarettes ? 
  as a plural ?
