  very hit-and-miss . 
  all too often , it 's simply miss . 
  that 's not what he said . 
  he merely brought up a counterpoint to your fawning over the elderly . 
  * you * wanted a gerontocracy . 
  * he * pointed out a flaw in it . 
  i do n't think age has any sort of effect on his voting behaviour . 
  that 's an incredibly dumb hypothetical . 
  are you seriously telling me * age * is the only factor influencing who you vote for ? 
  because that is what your hypothetical implies . 
  except wondermark is n't all that great . 
  i do feel we could do with lowering the budget though . 
  they 're filthy fucking rich . 
  we do n't need to finance their private yacht for the next few decennia with the pile o ' gold they have now . 
  best fucking point ever . 
  we do n't go as batshit over our politicians as some other monarchy-less countries do . 
  i 'm looking at you , usa . 
  they make a great big show of having a presidential bossman with fanfares and bells and whistles everywhere . 
  we do n't . 
  we have the monarchy for looking fancy and expensive . 
  he 's a silly pasty face of the nation now though . 
  he needs a danged beard . 
  muenster with the e = m\u00fcnster . 
  i too have played euiii and know the difference . 
  m\u00fcnster and cologne were surely the lesser two of the invading four . 
  by the english and the prussians ? 
  the current lot were installed by the french , surely . 
  i do n't think it 's really a regime if it does n't actually rule . 
  danish . 
  close enough . 
  well , it was n't tradition untill someone started it . 
  hint hint . 
  well , not with dollars , usually . 
  russia is mostly a threat to its people . 
  that , and their biggest weapon is cutting off gas , really . 
  putin may be a scumbag but he 's not an idiot . 
   yanks are people from the north east of the country some people of the deep south really hate that . 
  maybe true that they think it 's offensive but i 'm pretty sure it can also refer to united statians as a whole . 
  that 's how i use it anyway . 
  it 's up to you guys to sort out the details . 
  what 's going on here is that there 's two competing definitions but i do n't think either is more correct than the other . 
  similarily if slightly less bad ; `` the netherlands/holland ( aargh ) ? 
  * there 's more than just amsterdam * . 
  true . 
  i no longer get annoyed at silly foreign types not realising the distinction . 
  i get annoyed at dutch people from outside either of the two hollands who use it . 
  north america is best america . 
  the short one with the secret laboratory , not the murderer . 
  chechnyan . 
  do n't you know anything ? 
  have they tried deep-frying alcohol and heroin yet ? 
  just say that they 're a type of turnip . 
  maybe he 's no the us type of liberal but that does n't really mean anything . 
  the dutch liberals , for example , are generally considered right-wing and big on free-market capitalism . 
  are they not liberal then ? 
  similarily , i 'm a republican in the netherlands . 
  does that mean i agree with sarah palin and the other assorted dipshits your us republicans trot out for the presidential elections ? 
  hell no . 
  it simply means i 'm opposed to the idea of monarchy . 
  children are n't going to become gay any more than they would already though . 
  it 's not contagious . 
  the only thing that might happen is that if they are already gay they might accept it sooner . 
  but a sexual orientation is n't learned . 
  obviously not , or else you 'd never even have gay people in the first place . 
  burn their passport ? 
  that 's just silly . 
  those things cost money . 
  oh yeah , definitely a modern thing . 
  before the prusskies came along and united it all , the german might was fairly negligible . 
  excluding the austrian empire , i guess . 
  which is cognate to `` voeren '' in dutch except this is only used in a military/sport sense in the form of `` aanvoeren '' . 
  `` afvoeren '' is pretty much the opposite word but a rather unrelated meaning . 
  it can mean `` to take away '' ( de politie voerde iemand af/the police took someone away/into custody ) . 
  `` voeren '' can also mean `` feeding '' ( ik ga de koeien voeren/i 'm going to feed the cows ) and `` aanvoeren '' can also mean `` to supply '' . 
  aaaugh . 
  i was n't going to pay attention to the festivities * anyway * so i just hope the damn song dies out soon . 
   you can just imagine the publicity office ( or whatever it is ) having some sort of meeting where they try and figure out what 's `` cool '' and `` hip '' with `` the people '' or `` the peeps ( gang sign gestured by some oldish guy in a suit ) '' . 
  partially maybe . 
  but it was a collaboration of self-congratulatory `` artists '' , a bunch of different writers , lyrics sent in by the special type of people who give a damn and apparently no-one with any grammatical know-how . 
  the song is grammatically hideous , lyrically completely lame and musically an affront by combining disney-esque tunes with some form of rap . 
  and the lyrics would , even if the grammar was solid , be vapid , self-contradictory , entirely too fawning over the king ( pretending his becoming king was some sort of achievement and that we should all be grateful for having him ) and not in the least anything i 'd ever identify with . 
  i would n't even say `` many '' . 
  the yanks and the brits , basically . 
  and maybe some inherited francobashing in the former brit colonies . 
  the krauts iirc think that the frenchies are incompetent at war . 
  the rest of the world does n't give a damn , i think . 
  although i 'd be interested in what vietnam thinks . 
  in danish , yeah . 
  `` slutstation '' , for example . 
   related to dutch `` sluit '' , presumably . 
  seeing as that means the exact same thing . 
  by modern european standards . 
  oh it was more of a general `` you '' . 
  it 's kinda ridiculous really . 
  sweden is a pretty big country . 
  it 's almost * eleven times bigger * than the netherlands . 
  and you only have like 60 % of our population . 
   do you not move to the other side of the street when you see some brown people coming ? 
  ofcourse not . 
  they can smell fear .
