  here you can just pick up one from a corner kiosk , no questions asked or id required . 
  the norweigian guy blocked the finn taking away an almost certain gold medal from us . 
  not deliberately mind you but it was stupid and careless . 
  yup , it 's hardly a real sport when machinery gets you up and gravity takes you down . 
  well , the principle is the same . 
  a gas heater at home is unlikely to be more efficient than a large power plant . 
  district heating pipes look like [ this ] ( http://www.generationparknorwich.com/images/pipe-district-heating.jpg ) . 
  the main advantage is producing the heat in a centralized spot which is far more efficient than everyone using electricity to warm their houses . 
  a power plant producing electricity and recovering excess heat to a district heating system can reach 80-90 % efficiency . 
  no wonder he was upset . 
  that kind of licentious behaviour will eventually ruin your nation . 
  what ? 
  the collapse of ussr caused a huge recession in finland . 
  it was n't until early 2000 's until we reached the same gpd as in 1990 . 
  it was pretty obvious sarcasm . 
   as a result , in 20 years finland rose from some backward eastern european country to one of top 10 eu members by average salary . 
  that 's not true . 
  finlands gdp has developed roughly in proportion with the rest of western europe since the war . 
   so they defend their country with cool videos with epic music ? 
  propaganda is an important part of national defence . 
   especially the most important of all : with modern weaponry , is it more or less likely that finland might be able to create an effective defense against russian forces like they did in world war 2 ? 
  until now , i only ever had answers from armchairs generals of reddit on that subject . 
  in the cold war era and after the first gulf war , the main idea among military strategists was that modern conflict would be very intensive with high rate of attrition ( see the wiki article on airland battle ) which should in theory favor the biggest force . 
  you are n't going to get opinions of professional generals from reddit . 
  the results from fdf defence command war games ( and their russian counterparts ) are not exactly public knowledge . 
  they are obsesessed about cleanliness . 
  i lived there as a kid and our landlord was unhappy because we did n't clean the inside of the toilet seat water reservoir when we moved out . 
  also a lot of cows and shooting ranges . 
  social democracy is a liberal idea , quite far from socialism . 
  chill , that was n't far from the truth . 
  if you go outside your bubble you can hear some pretty shocking stuff . 
  been there , done that . 
  of course the vast majority of bigots are 50 + years old but there are also some few younger people who hold similar views for whatever irrational reasons . 
  you were talking about socialism , not freedom . 
   so you say that eu is beacon of freedom and liberties ? 
  compared to non-imaginary countries , yes . 
   you are saying that controlling people is freedom ? 
  hmm ? 
   controlling speech is freedom ? 
  speech is n't controlled . 
  if you incite violence you might face consequences though . 
   eu is planning that new cars will read the speed signs on road and limit its speed based on those signs . . and this is more freedom not control ? 
  source ? 
  please do n't embarrass yourself . 
  i do n't see any socialist countries there . 
  so what ? 
  should their votes be worth less ? 
  there 's one in every single version , i wonder if it 's mandatory . 
   if the wages are so low they need to subsidized by the public ( coal subsidies anyone ? ), 
  then it 's a net loss for everyone . 
  it 's a pretty sweet deal for corporations . 
  walmart in usa is notorious for this . 
  they are the most central european ex-yugoslav state . 
  they also make quality kitchen appliances . 
  it gets even more confusing with florins , crowns and guineas . 
  i knew it but it still flew over my head , not my brightest moment . 
  vakuumland would be more accurate but is n't nearly as catchy . 
   edit - sweden and norway are working on super long range artillery - 500km range their operating range is 500 km but the maximum shooting range is 60km . 
  the trip to tallinn costs about 20 euros by ferry and it 's a one day affair if you live in the helsinki metropolitan area . 
  alcohol is roughly 50 % cheaper in estonia so you have to buy enough to make it worthwhile . 
   this is probably changing however . 
  is it only discussed yet or are there concrete plans already ? 
  starship troopers was fascist , the moon is a harsh mistress was libertarian and stranger in a strange land was a weird hippy / anarchist book . 
  i like to think he was just toying with different ideas without really embracing any but apparently he was some kind of a libertarian ultimately . 
  he 's still right , the soviet union won . 
  does n't mean it was n't a military disaster for them . 
  hard to imagine it is n't even the current year for our western neighbours . 
  get to our level . 
  it was ruled to be an assault rather than a manslaughter . 
  tbf so was estonia before before 1939 . 
   switzerland , czech republic , slovenia and finland are basically the only countries in europe which are either in schengen or the eu with enough courage to stand up to the undemocratic , totalitarian and idiotic gun laws that are being proposed by the eu commission . 
  finland opposes it in its current form for one specific reason . 
  the law would outlaw semi-auto rifles many reservists use for voluntary training and sports . 
  that makes it a matter of national security . 
  which is better than nothing tbh . 
  in finland you can be pardoned by the president any time . 
  in practice it usually means just parole and it 's not likely it happens without a recommendation from the supreme court . 
  well , it is n't particularily bad either . 
  these seem to be normal strategic nukes and do n't give any kind of a first strike ability . 
  in a world with nuclear weapons mad is essential . 
  almost all new hardware utilize it . 
  in fact if you use gps today your device most likely uses both gps and glonass satellites for better accuracy and response time . 
  galileo will add an another layer which will help especially in northern latitudes . 
  in the eastern finland where they eat carp family fishes they are usually prepared as i mentioned . 
  maybe the trick is transfer the fish to fresh water for a couple of days before killing it ? 
  tbh i may be prejudiced . 
  where i live roaches and other cyprinidae are usually taken as signs of bad water quality and thrown away . 
  it needs to be simmered for hours and heavily seasoned before it 's edible . 
  it 's in the same family as common roaches and breams . 
  they usually taste like mud . 
  if you are polish as your flair states no one is stopping you . 
  i believe you know the stuff as molasses , do n't use corn syrup . 
  i guess [ these ] ( https://www.karkkainen.com/tuotekuva/zoom/6430032665627.jpg ) are dutch ? 
  absolutely heavenly . 
  very nice . 
  clearly influenced by old stave churches . 
  obvious in finnish political discussion , not so for foreigners . 
   since we have to keep the whole country populated we do n't actually . 
  that is just centre party ideology . 
   and also , we 'd expect the finnish trump to be ... a little bit more finnish .
