  at some point finland had the most professional orchestras per capita . 
  it might still be true but i do n't know the latest numbers . 
  anyway , talking of sibelius his [ symphony nr .2 ] ( https://youtu.be/saof46cxaaw ) is often considered his best work . 
  however my personal favourite from him is the [ kullervo symphony ] ( https://youtu.be/hdzor0vxy0m ) . 
  sibelius is n't the only good composer we 've had . 
  [ toivo kuula ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toivo_kuula ) was a musical genius with a very distinctive style . 
  sadly his career fell short when he was shot in drunken quarrel just after the civil war . 
  he will comfortably win on the first round if he runs . 
  it 's a shame speeches are the only way he can affect politics . 
  there is plenty of room between those two . 
  we do n't need to fight overseas to defend ourselves . 
  in fact that would be counterproductive . 
  i wish it was more popular here . 
  i guess floorball fills the niche too well . 
  their faces are priceless . 
  definitely . 
  the government is researching basic income but we need quicker changes . 
  one of the problems is that there is a double system of social security . 
  unemployment , student grants and other universal stuff are paid by a national institution but municipalities are responsible of providing all the rest . 
  the whole welfare state needs streamlining . 
   too large public sector due to overextended welfare state . 
  in my opinion , in finland it is too easy to live on welfare and not work . 
  i 'd say working is too difficult when you live on welfare . 
  it 's either a full-time job or unemployment because taking short-time jobs can hurt your income more than doing nothing . 
  no one will check if you carry a knife or not . 
  theoretically speaking if you have to use it for self-defence it 's worth the punishment to have one . 
  poland has more operational german tanks than germany itself . 
  everyone uses ddr though . 
  it makes much more sense since the official name of east germany was in fact in german . 
  they are n't the only things . 
  most of their governmental services are usable in one net portal and they have a [ great database system allowing easy access and compability . 
  ] ( https://e-estonia.com/component/x-road/ ), 
  it 's a very minor sport here and mostly played in swedish-speaking areas . 
  it 's a shame it 's so underrated , for me it looks much more interesting than basketball or volleyball . 
  [ this video will maybe give you some idea . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp8vchhpdmq ) [ also the wikipedia article . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/floorball ), 
  floorball deserves a mention . 
  it 's a very popular hobby here and also an entertaining spectator sport . 
  it 's mainly played in sweden and finland but i believe it 's quite popular in switzerland and czech republic as well . 
  almost every finn under 40 has played it at some point . 
  i wonder why it has n't gained traction elsewhere . 
  e : btw , can any spanish or portugese person tell how popular roller hockey really is there ? 
  i stumbled upon some videos in youtube and i 'm curious . 
  at least the porto-benfica matches seem to have a good attendance . 
  no one cares if you carry one though as long you do n't show it to everyone or screw up so badly you are searched by the police . 
  not that you need one , we are living an a very safe country . 
  [ a pseudoscientist . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trofim_lysenko ) his agricultural methods were very detrimental to soviet food production from 30 's until 50 's . 
  he managed to get a high position in the government because real science and genetics were considered a bourgeois capitalist plot . 
  exactly . 
  i never thought this would go international . 
  according to polls it would actually be more popular choice in sweden than in here . 
  if we ever join we 'll most likely do it together . 
   thinking you 're insignificant enough to be left alone while being regarded highly enough to be admitted as any kind of mediators shows a deep misunderstanding of who you 're dealing with . 
  yup , i did n't say i agree with that . 
  last time it was at least a semi-valid point was [ when kekkonen was the president ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helsinki_accords ) . 
  the other points still stand . 
  i myself am on the fence on the matter but hopefully i have clarified a bit why so many people are hesitant about nato . 
  we just have to deal with it . 
  on the other hand finnish and swedish navies combined would be at least a nuisance to the baltic fleet . 
  we would also have a chance at preventing the russians taking complete air superiority . 
  becoming a nato member would be a proverbial `` fuck you '' towards russia and make us a legitimate target and a threat in case of potential escalation . 
  of course we 'd probably be in deep shit anyway but it at least makes some sense . 
  better to be insignificant than belligerent . 
  also many like to think ourselves as mediators between russia and nato like in the cold war . 
  the reasons are more political and idealistic than pragmatic . 
  finland has been non-aligned since the ww2 and sweden even longer . 
  the public does n't like russia but is also suspicious towards usa . 
  joining nato would make us a part of their military adventures . 
  i agree . 
  kuopio is pretty nice as well . 
  i myself am from oulu and while it 's not among the worst like kemi but it feels somehow badly designed . 
  it definitely does . 
  i was forced to live with people i 'd never normally socialize with and we were all treated equally . 
  i do n't think this applies . 
  the concept of a nation-state is relatively new but saying we were a natural part of sweden sounds pretty silly . 
  `` established '' probably describes it better . 
  the article was only one guys opinion based on his personal experiences . 
  he lives in stockholm so maybe the only people he knows are local snobs who look down pretty much everyone not in their circles . 
  that was exactly what i was after . 
  have dutch or belgian people ever `` occupied '' some of the one block enclaves just for banter ? 
  i 'd imagine that would get old pretty quickly for the inhabintants . 
   \u00f5 it 's so hard to pronounce for a finnish speaker . 
  a bit like o or \u00f6 but still different . 
  it 's a thing we are taught in primary school and quickly forget afterwards . 
  - if you are getting married you have to get a special permit to put up wedding signs . 
  - bulding bomb shelters and laundry rooms to every multi-apartment building is mandatory . 
  - municipalities have the right to impose a special tax to dog owners if the dog is over 5 months old . 
  - breweries ca n't sell their produce on the spot . 
  these are only few examples of the bloated bureaucacy existing here . 
  it 's illegal here too . 
  if you change the price you have to keep it for two months . 
  i think we had that too until 70 's or something . 
  also dancing was totally illegal in war time . 
  come on , he 's being sarcastic . 
  you are basically my neighbour then . 
  i usually prefer tokmanni though . 
  a normal winter jacket hood is surpisingly effective for that . 
  it creates a warm air pocket to the front of your face .
