  we do n't need the same level of infrastructure and services everywhere . 
  if you concentrate you can understand/guess the meaning of many sentences . 
  it 's pretty interesting how similar but still different the languages are . 
  not bombing the middle east has been a solid strategy as well . 
  that 's where my nick comes from btw . 
  in addition to that sholokhov is one of my favourites as well as dostoyevski and solzhenitsyn . 
  i admit i have n't read tolstoy or bulgakov but i intend to when i have time . 
  these guys have been spamming a lot of stickers around where i live . 
  the movement here is a lot smaller than in sweden but they are pretty annoying neverthless , astroturfing popular websites trying to spread racist sentiment and recruit minors . 
  finnish , english and bad swedish . 
  i also understand a little german but ca n't really speak or write it . 
  then of course some words and fragments from many languages which are fun to know but almost useless in practice . 
  btw , why almost every latvian surname ends in `` s '' ? 
  a classic joke , i 've heard several versions of this concerning different nationalities . 
  proportionally we suffered much more . 
  again , by left-leaning i mean fiscal policies . 
  if you look at social policies the internal cliques in the democratic party cover pretty much the whole finnish political field from liberal to conservative . 
  by american standards these three parties are still extremely left-leaning . 
  in europe fiscal policy and social stances within parties are usually viewed separately . 
  he meant that nc is fiscally right-wing and social liberal . 
  he will make a much better foreign minister than pm . 
  depends on the new policy statement which has not been published yet . 
  they have to make compromises now . 
  there are often news how the fitness of yonger generations has deteriorated . 
  we have conscription so there 's a conventient way to measure the fitness of young males . 
  i 'd say we have collectively a good awareness about the importance of physical excercise and most people i know go to the gym or jog regularly . 
  i do n't see why it would be . 
   basically they dont know shit yet . 
  they probably know exactly what happened but are not telling it to the public yet . 
  reports not yet confirmed by the navy say there were two foreign military vessels outside helsinki last night from which at least one was in our territorial waters . 
  in 1958 the parliament adopted a temporary tax for newly registered cars . 
  guess what ... 
  it would n't work because capital punishment is abolished in the constitution . 
  only some laws are from eu , not all . 
  that 's not the point though , the most important bit is the nations within eu are fully sovereign and can leave the union whenever they please . 
  a gentleman always keeps his word . 
  implying we currently are n't invividual democratic countries ? 
  not to speak of your oil shale reserves . 
  you should be fine even if russia cuts the gas . 
  he has also helped sawmill industry in honduras and nicaragua by training the local workers . 
  not everything is black and white , he seems like a nice and honest man despite his obvious shortcomings . 
  well , officially they have no stance to the matter but most of their representatives voted against it when it came up . 
  all of the major parties are too cautious to commit to anything . 
  because they are pretending to be a party for the whole country and want to identify as `` liberal '' but the majority of their mp 's and voters are conservative . 
  at least their fiscal policies are centre-right . 
  they are not right-wing . 
  nope , they are traditionally agrarian and conservative . 
  their support primarily comes from rural areas and small towns . 
  the best comparison would probably be cdu in germany . 
  all our major parties are extremely dull and unlikable . 
  that description makes them sound pretty extreme , but they are nowhere near as bad as jobbik or fn . 
  they will probably govern but we know nothing about the negotiations yet . 
  they are fiscally centre-left and anti-elitist so tories are n't a very accurate comparison . 
  the bulk of their voters are n't very highly educated and mostly former sdp or centre party supporters . 
  he is also a fanatic millwall fan , i shit you not . 
  but seriously , the finns party is n't really comparable to ukip . 
  it 's more a populist blue collar party with eurosceptic undertones . 
  government 's decision to loan taxpayer money to greece was a powerful weapon to them but it 's not the only thing on their agenda . 
  it seems that the finns party is becoming the second largest group in parliament . 
  a coalition of them , centre and sdp would be a dank breeze from the 70 's . 
  i agree . 
  when i asked my friends all of them are voting minority parties but every time the real results are unfolding you can see how baby boomers are living in a different reality . 
  i wish we had a party like that . 
  i had to vote pirate party in lack of a real social liberal and progressive alternative . 
  in modern legal systems there are two verdicts , guilty and not guilty . 
  there is absolutely no middle ground . 
  i ca n't see how that could be changed so that it would be fair . 
  if death penalties are issued only when 100 % sure that would imply that lesser punishments are issued when not entirely sure . 
  that would break the justice system . 
   but there is those cases where its 100 % certain that the person did it , and of such a brutal character that it ca n't be forgiven . 
  but how would that be fair ? 
  when someone is convicted there is always a presumption he 's guilty . 
  there can not be varying degrees of `` sureness '' . 
  you are absolutely right , it can not be applied on people with a refugee status . 
  it would break international treaties . 
  a hundred years ago we were one of the poorest countries in europe , now one of the richest and most developed . 
  the problems are mostly sturctural and could have been foreseen but not easily avoided . 
  there certainly is n't a consensus what should be done , economists are having a heated argument in media and i do n't trust the politicians to do any better . 
  some call for austerity , some for revival projects . 
  the fact is wages are too high to compete with germany or sweden and that is n't quickly fixed due to strong unions and the traditional way how income policies are negotiated in finland . 
  esperanto is the obvious compromise . 
  probably governor-general nikolay bobrikov who was appointed to the office in 1898 . 
  he wanted to integrate finland as an unautonomous part of russia and destroy our language and cultural indentity . 
  in his reign he signed a manifesto that undermined the finnish constitution and put imperial laws ahead of ours . 
  in 1903 he was given dictatorial power over finland by the czar after rise of unhappiness and restlessness in the country . 
  in 1904 he was shot by a senate clerk eugen schaumann . 
  it did n't end the russian oppression though but the later governor-generals were n't nearly as relentless and driven as bobrikov . 
  i think a vertical tricolor with a white jagiellon cross in the middle would be nice . 
  sweden or norway . 
  apart from languages our cultures are very similar and settling down would be easy . 
  we will mobilize if a conflict is imminent . 
  theres 's currently no reason to call up anyone except for normal refresher training . 
  you wo n't regret it . 
  it 's not about intercepting but protecting second-strike capabilities , thus ensuring mad . 
  i know but invading us from overseas is impossible in the first place . 
  the logistical problems would be a bigger issue . 
  i include myself to the random redditors because i 'm not german or know enough about their politics to have a strong opinion about the magazine cover . 
  i rather read what germans think about it . 
  sorry , do n't know who you are talking about . 
  people who are the target group of this cover know the context and nuances of the matter much better than a random redditors across europe .
