   if you 're thinking of celtic britons , the people that lived in britain when the romans invaded , then . . guess what . . ? 
  english , welsh and scottish people are all descended from them . 
  partly yes , but modern day britons are more of a mix of celts , angles , saxons , normans and danes . 
  proportions vary between regions of course . 
  that 's almost half of finland 's yearly budget . 
  every nordic nation except denmark . 
  in this point that 's definitely true . 
  in their prime nokia was a huge boost to our economy , but they became complacent and stagnant . 
  in `` wilhelmus '' willem says he is of `` duitsen bloed '' . 
  in the times language that could mean either german or dutch . 
  in the context it 's correct but deutsch , dutch and duitse are basically the same word . 
  definitely the italian one . 
  ours is possibly the worst , the melody is a drinking song from hamburg . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3jj0vdln-u ) should be our anthem . 
  pretty much the same in finland . 
  in my experience swedish and finnish cuisines are very similar . 
  oulu , finland : [ irc ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_relay_chat ), 
  you are absolutely true . 
  we share 700 years of mutual history and have so much in common . 
  this kind of dickwaving is childish . 
   also sometimes used for humans if you want to be insulting . 
  `` what did it want ?! '', 
  it 's somebody you do n't have to be afraid to hurt , due to them not actually being able to process such concepts as `` hurt '' or `` insult '' . 
  using the pronoun `` se '' of people is common thing in colloquial finnish . 
  i would n't consider it insulting unless in some very formal situations . 
  they make infininitely better sausages than us . 
  guess that 's the german influence . 
  tallinn 's old part is amazing . 
  we do n't have anything like that . 
  well , the swedish word for an island is '' \u00f6 '' . 
  it 's still the number one sport there . 
  at least half-serious . 
  +20 c would be fine enough . 
  a little wind would be perfect indeed . 
  mosquitos are too much of a nuisance now . 
  to correct you a little , midnight sun is n't baking hot . 
  the temperature is absolutely perfect in the night . 
  sadly mosquitos make being outdoors uncomfortable . 
  it 's much too hot for my liking . 
  come get your weather back !, 
  it 's quite stupid because snus is less harmful than cigarettes . 
  i live about 100 kilometers from the border so acquiring snus is easy . 
  in the army snus is extremely popular and you can make some money by trafficking it . 
  i did not do it when i was in service but my squad mate from tornio always brought a lot when we had a free weekend . 
  not willingly though . 
  that war was totally unnecessary and resulted the burning of lapland and thousands of deaths . 
  it 's in the flag of every unit of the finnish air force . 
  since when has us dominated ice hockey even a little bit ? 
  there 's some beatiful scenery , but i doubt it looks very impressive from a train . 
  i 'd prefer a road trip . 
  the sun is shining bright here in finland !, 
  there 's spring in the air . 
  they still are . 
  same here . 
  too bad it 's obsolete . 
  might do the job well against insurgents but has no place against modern aa . 
  quite likely . 
  most casual hockey fans are n't known for their sportsmanship or class . 
  potatoes and pickled herring a couple of hours ago . 
  british comedy , premier league and those quaint tv-series taking place in rural surroundings . 
  alexander the second 's time was good for finland . 
  he gave us our own currency and railroads among other things . 
  heinlein has already predicted that . 
   red was the colour for ' ... ' ( sorry , unsure how to translate this , id say its yet another part of clothing ) . '', 
  cuffs and gaiters ? 
  had to do some googling and guessing . 
   and what about this theory : that does n't apply when naked ? 
  it 's true . 
  we do what it takes to make room for everyone . 
  actually i do . 
  not as nice as the actual grenade but at least it 's something . 
  i got one for free but had to throw it away soon after that . 
  shame , would have been a nice souvenir . 
  nothing really . 
  the current design is fine and there are n't any good alternatives . 
  we had [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/flag_of_finland_1918_%28state%29.svg ) for a short while but it does n't really work as a flag imo . 
  i would n't change an ancient and traditional flag so lightly . 
  btw , your nick means `` the last '' in finnish . 
  in fact [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4a/oriflamme.svg/2000px-oriflamme.svg.png ) is the battle flag of france . 
  at least was a few centuries ago . 
  it 's debated , results are inconclusive . 
  in any case nicotine addiction is n't fun . 
   is it too expensive to aged cheese make here or does the population just have that terrible palates ? 
  i 'd guess the latter because in sweden for example you can buy aged herrg\u00e5rdsost for a very reasonable price from about every store . 
  it 's infinitely better than most finnish cheese . 
  generally speaking i do n't like finnish cheese . 
  most of it is very soft and tasteless and there 's not much variety . 
  i guess most finns have n't developed a taste for better stuff . 
  sensationalist headline as usual . 
  it 's just a part of reforms to make mobilization faster and more flexible , nothing is deployed `` along russian border '' . 
  if we really want to answer that question counter-insurgency aircraft are manned equivalents of armed drones and they cost only a fraction what a reaper does . 
  using them against troops with modern weaponry would be suicidal though . 
  uav 's in general are n't very expensive in context of military stuff . 
  armed uav 's are though . 
  also they are ineffective if you do n't have complete air superiority or the enemy has decent aa systems . 
  against india ? 
  i think that was justifiable . 
  in finland there is a similar problem but not so bad yet . 
  the main reasons are bureaucracy and conflicting interests . 
  if it was only up to government there would n't be a problem but the dominant companies in the sector are owned by pension funds and workers unions which want a maximum profit from apartments they already own .
