  many of the low paying jobs are in the public sector though , either directly or indirectly . 
  elderly care is a good example of that . 
  i 'm definitely not saying that we should get immigrants to do the jobs with lower pay but ultimately it 's a problem with the power and wealth imbalance between public and private sectors . 
  if you raise taxes for corporations and the rich they can just flee to an another country with lower taxes . 
  capital is infinitely mobile , labour much less so . 
  it 's a race to the bottom . 
  not saying if it has to do anything with immigrants or not but the japanese economy has been in stagnation for years . 
  meanwhile the tories openly loath both the working class and immigrants , yet they have a majority . 
  british politics are weird . 
  i 'm all for national and local self-determination but your original post reeks of `` my country right or wrong '' attitude . 
  should they not speak about the darker sides of their history ? 
  national pride is mostly cancer anyway . 
  the casual antisemitism by eastern europeans never ceases to amaze me . 
   ** so , we should just let it crash and burn down , pick up the pieces and start over ? 
  **  yes , with the focus on the big war on this extreme capitalism . 
  i got the impression he believes the fight for internet privacy is a lost one and advocates a fight against capitalism instead . 
  after all it 's the root cause . 
  i very much disagree with his accelerationist stance though . 
  a bit like stout beer but sweet , thick and sticky . 
  i 'd rather have an imperfect economic system that does n't destroy the earth instead of one that does . 
  no one believes any kind of utopia is achievable any time soon . 
  it 's a worthy goal though . 
  https://newrepublic.com/article/117655/thomas-piketty-interview-economist-discusses-his-distaste-marx reaching similar conclusions indenpendently is n't that strange . 
   its point is to amaze us and its utter value is beauty . 
  any form of ` art ' that does n't aspire to beauty is n't worth of being called art in a non ironic way . 
  that is n't a completely unusual view but there 's a serious problem if you try to impose it on the society . 
   that said ... koskinen should 've not been prosecuted for blasphemy ... but for calling himself artist . 
  i really really hope you stated that ironically . 
  art does n't need to have a `` point '' . 
  its value is completely subjective . 
  how exactly is n't m\u00e9lenchon a social democrat ? 
  no problem . 
  reddit is indeed pretty awful and one sided most of the time . 
  when did i do that ? 
  i 'm strongly against russophobia and all other ethnonationalist bigotry . 
  or rather soviet union 's achievement ? 
  yes , russia was the largest and most important republic but there were others too . 
  according to most sources it was kruschev who said it . 
   about the failed missions where people burned up alive . 
  basically yuri was n't first in space , he was first one to return alive . 
  not sure how much truth those stories hold . 
  anyway here is to one of the bravest men alive . 
  come on , that 's an old cold war conspiracy theory . 
  almost no connection at all . 
  that does n't mean i 'm a hard eurosceptic though , it has both good and bad sides . 
  would that really matter ? 
  let 's be honest , eu is a pretty abstract thing for most people and as such not very engaging politically . 
  it 's comparable to marching in support for the current government and i do n't remember that ever happening . 
  stuff like healthcare , housing , education and jobs are much more rousing topics . 
  e : the whole pulse of europe also seems more like a thing put together by the elites than a real grassroots movement . 
  that 's pretty off-putting for many people . 
  have n't watched green wing yet but blackadder and father ted are among my favourite sitcoms . 
  we do n't dub tv or movies here in the nordic countries . 
  it has really impacted positively on our english skills . 
  all of those shows have featured on finnish channels . 
  we love british comedy . 
  was america really `` godly '' at any point though ? 
  most americans would consider you views extremely unpatriotic by the way . 
  most of them indeed were christian but they made a conscious effort to make state and church fully separate . 
  they considered religion a private matter which should n't be imposed on others by legislation . 
  why do you want authoritarians to dictate how other people should live , is n't that pretty much the opposite of what the founding fathers wanted ? 
  i do n't mind , my english is okay but there 's always room for improvement . 
  i 've noticed native speakers make different mistakes compared to people who have learned english later , such as there/their or your/you 're . 
  non-natives on the other hand make more grammatical errors . 
  how can he be inspiring when he has trouble forming coherent sentences ? 
  sounds very much like our own perussuomalaiset ( the finns party ) . 
  unlike df their support collapsed after they joined the governmental coalition . 
  [ traditional finnish pea soup ] ( http://finnishfoodgirl.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/split-pea-soup-recipe.jpg ) made with proper smoked pork and simmered for hours . 
  it 's so ridicuously simple yet so delicious . 
  [ fried vendaces with mashed potatoes ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-ewi1z7329sg/vwm5hqvbxai/aaaaaaaanma/dawqqjbhrjs/s1600/img_0970%255b1%255d.jpg ) is an another great dish . 
  plain fission bombs are okay then . 
  good to know . 
  we too had a similar law but it was overturned in the early 90 's . 
  dancing was completely prohibited during the war . 
  i know , it 's very good and indeed better than bottled water . 
  groundwater is even better though . 
  especially in places where they use groundwater . 
  in cities it 's usually surface water . 
  honestly at this point googles search algorithms are so superior compared to anything else it would be very hard to stop using it . 
  a personal boycott seems futile , i rather support efforts to regulate them . 
  tradition mostly . 
  that melody by sibelius was given words only in 1938 and `` maamme '' was pretty much the established anthem by then . 
  it was vague and inoffensive enough to be accepted by most people in the pre-war uneasy political situation . 
  changing the anthem has been discussed even in the parliament some years ago but it did n't lead to anything . 
  it is n't so black and white as you 'd think . 
  the dissolution of the soviet union caused a huge economic depression which lasted through the 90 's . 
  russian gdp fell 40 % during that time . 
  pensions diminished or ceased altogether and millions lost their jobs . 
  most of the state owned businesses were sold to a few businessmen who previously had acquired wealth with black market dealings . 
  later they became to be known as the russian oligarchs . 
  it got better during the putin era but many were disillusioned with capitalism . 
   should i continue ? 
  better not , you do n't seem to be very well informed about the subject . 
  not all ( by which i mean the large majority ) of socialists subscribe to ideas such as violent revolution , dictatorship of the proletariat or vanguardism . 
  the ideology is diverse with many branches and leninism is one of the most extreme ones . 
  russia and china were poor and authoritarian countries to begin with and the revolutionaries just switched the flavour of the tyranny . 
  [ better version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yv0rghhgn4 ) . 
  the current anthem is bland and forgettable . 
  current times come and go . 
  wilhemus is centuries old and tells a story about netherlands becoming a country .
