  why should we be their lap dog without the protection of the fifth article ? 
  i 'm well aware of historical facts , i was just offering a point of view . 
  they actively aided our enemies . 
  we did n't even take any marshall aid . 
   i had assumed that since all finns need to learn swedish in school , that all swedish finns would also need to learn finnish ? 
  you are correct . 
  being taught and actually learning are different things though . 
  i studied swedish for years at school and and still ca n't hold a proper conversation in that language . 
  to add to that we did n't have much choice . 
  if we had n't attacked the retreating germans then soviets would have come here and done it by themselves . 
  they are ideal for reservist practice though . 
  you have to buy it yourself and only semi-auto rifles are allowed . 
  as for some lighter reading i loved the flashman series from george macdonald fraser . 
  it 's very good but i liked waltari 's other works more , particularily the adventurer ( mikael karvajalka ) . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  actually i remember my grandpa telling how they were his favourite books in his youth . 
  exactly . 
  sweden does n't really feel like a foreign country . 
  it did n't . 
  it was just a bluff from the pm . 
  sounds like finland , except we drink coffee and use mugs rather than cups . 
  [ do n't worry , this isnt the video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqk0atf9emk ), 
  catastrophical more like . 
  most of it will return as income tax . 
  in the current system if you are unemployed and get a part-time job you might lose your unemployment benefits and actually receive less money per month . 
  the basic income is meant to make all work profitable and worth doing . 
  i hate that phenomenon . 
  words do n't change definitions when you misuse them . 
  sweden naturally . 
  would n't have to adapt really because our cultures are so similar and the language is quite simple . 
  but i assumed norweigians think swedes are dense ... 
   also where do the estonians ski ? 
  for us cross-country skiing is the `` default '' type of skiing . 
  i still doubt if it 's really the main sport of estonia . 
  luftwaffe is currently switching from transall c-160 to airbus a400m . 
  most of the old fleet is too worn down to be permitted to fly anymore . 
  i do n't know why . 
  my only contact to pes\u00e4pallo was in school where we were forced to play it . 
  i hate that stupid sport . 
  honestly i do n't know what the correct plural is but that one is the funniest . 
  * meese, 
  we have a clue . 
  it 's the same lion as in v\u00e4sterg\u00f6tland and sm\u00e5land coat of arms and likely was the emblem of the bj\u00e4lbo family . 
  the unimplemented [ greater coat of arms ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fc/finland_greater_coat_of_arms.svg ) would have been pretty dank . 
  i 'm actually surprised the differences between american and oxford spellings are so minor . 
  there was no standard and uniform spelling two hundred years ago . 
  there was a [ civil war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_civil_war ) with tens of thousands dead and the whole country in turmoil . 
  [ 1867-1869 ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/missv%c3%a4xt%c3%a5ren_1867%e2%80%931869 ) e : the years 1918-1919 were pretty awful in finland as well . 
  it 's not too far fetched tbf . 
  we used to eat tree bark back during the great famine . 
  not the best environment to develop a fine cuisine . 
  there 's porridge and then there 's porridge . 
  the stuff we got in army for example has absolutely no redeeming qualities . 
  not awful i 'd say but very plain and simple . 
  seasoning is extremely conservative and there are no fancy ingredients . 
  social democrats across europe have drifted towards political center for decades . 
  would n't surprise me a bit . 
  if you want to learn an useful language try mandarin , spanish or arabic . 
   uk was stupid to walk out on eu . 
  duh , maybe they did n't want to be a part of a federation . 
  me neither . 
  more specifically we trust our army more than anyone elses . 
   if `` we '' did n't trust other eu countries , why did we join them . 
  economic integration and military integration are two different things . 
  so far we have only agreed to the former . 
  people do n't trust that other eu countries are willing or more importantly capable to help if shit hits the fan . 
  i 'm not convinced either . 
  other european countries would have a hard time projecting force to finland . 
  logistically we are an island . 
  it was a very well done generic action game but did n't feel like max payne . 
  fair enough , i was just making an another point against federalism . 
  it 's naive to think that france or poland for example would give up their armies for whatever reason . 
  military force is the ultimate safeguard of sovereignity . 
  you overestimate the trust between european countries . 
  do you mean we would have a federal army then ? 
  that 's not a very realistic hope . 
  what 's wrong with an occasional bloodbath ? 
  what would the nordic countries gain from a federal europe ? 
  well put , exactly my thoughts . 
  my worry is that federalisation is pushed forward a little at a time . 
  if introduced at once it would certainly be vetoed down . 
  they seem to hate pretty much everyone . 
  i went there as a kid , it was pretty cool . 
   though i think mourinho is not , right now , the best portuguese manager alive or the one i would want for portugal . 
  quieroz or jorge jesus then ? 
  both are very good . 
  i ca n't fathom they would do such a thing . 
  i gives some confidence to see they were both intercepted . 
  apparently it 's not a big problem if you have a heated garage . 
  if you can afford a tesla you probably have one . 
  based on ip addresses or what ? 
  if it worked it would already be a law in most western countries . 
  proving a copyright infringement is a resource-consuming business to be judicially sound . 
  as i said , it 's infeasible . 
  hundreds of millions of people consume pirated content and there 's no way to effectively prosecute them all , especially if they are using vpn 's or other means to hide their tracks . 
  i used to torrent movies and music and watch illegal sports streams back when netflix , spotify and other stuff were n't around yet but nowadays i pay around 50 euros per month for different entertainment services . 
  it 's so much easier and more reliable . 
  that may be so but people are lazy and always choose the easiest route . 
  businesses have to accept realities .
