  for the sake of argument let 's say you are right but do n't you think it 's a bit disingenuous to compare a political opinion to racism ? 
  besides , having an anti-market attitude is one thing but banning the private sector is another , especially in a western liberal democracy . 
  source ? 
  i find that very dubious . 
  you are moving the goalposts in any case . 
  that 's already possible and has been for a long time . 
  no one is preventing you of getting a private insurance and using the private sector . 
  i too want new elections but i 'm not sure how much they 'd be able to achieve . 
  not too many parties want to work with each other at the moment . 
  the opposition is only united in their distaste for the current govt and it 's dubious if the parties left of center would even get the required seats . 
  they are n't necessarily crazy but they are privatising the healthcare system and selling it off to their acquaintances . 
  sounds painful . 
  whoa , who knew the cpgb-ml would participate in the may day rally . 
  shocking . 
  i do n't know anyone who hates russians . 
  most people are suspicious of their government but actual racism towards them is a fringe position . 
   you do n't have good sausages ? 
  :( not really . 
  even our `` premium '' brands are mostly inferior to the normal stuff there . 
  please export to finland . 
  thatcher was n't only a personal friend of pinochet but also protected him from prosection . 
  step 1 : train and arm massive numbers of reactionary islamist guerrillas step 2 : act surprised when they take over the country let 's not pretend americans gave a fuck what would happen in afghanistan after the war . 
  and you know , foreign bombs . 
  sheesh those bigots , do n't they want democracy ? 
   doing whats best for britain , the objective of every nation should be acting in their own interest first and others second . 
  the real world is n't a game of sid meier 's civilization . 
  the interests of politicians and the interests of normal people coincide only occasionally . 
   the war would have taken place with or without western support , and the impact of the stinger missile programme was limited at best . 
  you see all the images of afghan fighters using old british weapons and handmade rifles ? 
  the resistance would n't have stopped if cia cash had stopped flowing . 
  probably . 
  would it have been so long and bloody though ? 
  probably not . 
  what did the funding achieve then ? 
  the afghan goverment was downright democratic and progressive compared to the mujahediins but it was opposed by the usa because of geopolitical reasons . 
   funding mussolini because he was a major influential voice in italy through his publications , he was pro-war against germany so it was in britains interest to fund him to keep italy in the war . 
  little did we know 2 decades later he would be hitlers biggest ally . 
  italian common people did n't like the war and neither did the people in other countries . 
  it was a mindless slaughter from which only the rich benefited . 
  have you ever considered what `` britain 's interest '' actually is ? 
   funding and arming the afghan rebels against the soviets made perfect sense during the cold war , and soviet humiliation in the war contributed to the collapse of the ussr . 
  little did we know that 2 decades later one of those rebels would kill 3000 americans . 
  yeah , soviet humiliation was totally worth over million dead civilians . 
  who could have predicted that massively arming and training mujahideen fighters would result an islamist regime in postwar afghanistan ? 
  truly shocking . 
  it 's almost like enemy of my enemy is n't always my ally . 
   britain funded mussolini during the first world war too because it made perfect sense to do so , it made sense to fund and arm the afghan rebels , could n't predict it would bite us in the arse decades later . 
  perfect sense for who exactly ? 
  what good did those policies do ? 
   also , apparently in the mid-1980s osama was thankful of the american help , some food for thought i suppose . 
  yeah , i 'm sure . 
  so what ? 
  al-qaeda was a fringe group and they were shunned and prosecuted by muslim countries . 
  bin laden was originally propped up by usa in his jihad against the afghan government . 
   and if muslims are retaliating against us for our actions in iraq , why go after belgium , france and germany who never took part in it ? 
  we can discuss history all we want , but we are in a situation right now that needs to be solved through force . 
  usa and allies are n't very discriminate on what muslim countries they bomb , it would be foolish to expect anything else from isis either . 
  you are also presuming that stabilising the middle east is the goal for neocons . 
  war is incredibly profitable business . 
  you are incredibly gullible , peddling the same bullshit as bush junior . 
  there would n't be isis without the `` war on terror '' . 
  i saw them live in finland a few years ago , a nice experience . 
  the italian announcer actually did a part of the presentation in finnish which was pretty funny . 
  capitalists do n't create value , they invest money to accumulate more money . 
  gorbachev tried to shift the economy towards market socialism and western style social democracy . 
  it was yeltsin who went full neoliberal and privatised everything that moved . 
  i have an account there but i 'm seriously thinking of changing to a credit union instad . 
  anyway , the race to the bottom is a global problem and i 'm quite pessimistic if it can be fixed with the current democratic means we have on our disposal . 
  corporations and banks have immense power to pressure governments to accept their terms . 
   for one : the eu is democratic and not some ( lizard-controlled ) entity overruling it 's members . 
  yup , that is misinformation although the lizard part is debatable . 
  we might be able to democratise it but i 'm sceptical . 
  the problem is that if you tax rich people and corporations more they can just leave or at least move their money away and you 'll get no taxes from them at all . 
  normal working people who support both the rich and unemployed ca n't really leave the country , they depend on their jobs to pay off their houses and cars . 
  that 's one reason work is taxed so hard . 
  meh , apples and oranges . 
  if nazis had won tens of millions of people would have been industrially killed . 
  but hey , greater finland so not all that bad !, 
  [ a great lecture on the subject . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssbntgwnj3c ), 
  no sane person is going to watch a video of molyneux speaking . 
  the first time is usually enough . 
  oh , i 'm definitely not obsessed with growth . 
  it 's just usually perceived as an indicator of economic health in capitalism . 
  japan is n't nearly as vulnerable to the effects of stagnation as smaller economies . 
  you are delusional if you think one can make `` rational policy with critical thinking '' without an ideological bias . 
  we can never be rid of that . 
  experts are n't some superhuman thinkers , they just know their own field well . 
  all policy should serve the needs of the many , not the wants of the few . 
  only popular democracy can achieve that in a sustainable fashion . 
  that 's why i added `` relatively '' . 
  going against corporations even in europe poses a risk of capital flight not too many politicians are willing to take . 
   governments are too kind to corporations . 
  kind or just relatively powerless against them ? 
  privatisation of the public sector operates on the assumption that it helps in making the services as cost-efficient as possible . 
  on the other hand it means both the service and profit are paid from the public treasury which results a conflict of interest . 
  operating for profit also means that the quality of service is a secondary consideration . 
  i live in a `` welfare state '' and constantly hear stories how the privatised care facilities are severely understaffed and the employees are overworked to the point that patients are neglected for hours . 
  the public sector has some of the same problems too but that 's more because they are underfunded . 
  you are right in the classical economic sense .
