gripen has low flying costs and is designed for highway strips and nordic environment . 
  it would also be advantageous if our planes could be temporarily based in sweden and vice versa . 
  it 's already possible with the f-18 but it would be even simpler if both air forces used the same fighter . 
  on the other hand our future fighter should be competent and upgradeable for at least a couple of decades from the time it 's bought . 
  we do n't know yet if gripen ng will be available in time . 
  it 's too early to make a decision . 
  for me he seems pretty self-centered and more interested about his imago than actual politics . 
  anyway he wo n't be a pm after the next april and will most likely get a lucrative eu job . 
  prokofiev is one of my favourite composers . 
  the literature is indeed great as well . 
  sholokhov , pasternak , dostojevski , solzhenitsyn , so many great authors . 
  [ this is how a typical kebab dish looks like in finland . 
  ] ( http://www.pizzeriaiiris.fi/images/04_kebab_ranskala.jpg ) i doubt that would pass in turkey . 
  pale greyish lukewarm strands with a faint taste of meat . 
  electricity is relatively cheap in nordic countries compared to germany for example . 
  the term `` fascist '' or `` nazi '' are broad terms in russian politics liberally used on everyone and everything not pro-russia . 
  damn , i thought that 's just a finnish joke . 
  finland , sweden and norway have [ state alcohol monopolies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcohol_monopoly ) . 
  only beer and cider under 4,7 % ( 3,5 % in sweden ) of alcohol can be sold in grocery stores . 
  anything stronger is sold in monopoly stores . 
  ca n't swedes do the same ? 
  we both belong to eu . 
  as a nordic citizen it 's always strange to see spirits or wine sold in a grocery store . 
  and those prices ... 
  i blame the french for that . 
  i thought this was n't about deploying nato soldiers in sweden and finland ? 
  what i 've read the new agreement concerns military logistics of nato troops excercising here or our troops excercising in nato countries . 
  [ reminds me of this . 
  conjuctions are not fair . 
  we have many words in their basic forms which can not be translated such as `` l\u00f6yly '' . 
  there is a bosnian fast food kiosk about a kilometer from here which sells many kinds of traditional food from balkans . 
  i should try them sometimes . 
  the cautious attitude towards nato is based on our general desire to be neutral , just as in sweden . 
  the paasikivi-kekkonen line did wonders to our economy and diplomatic position during the cold war . 
  the issue is n't now as relevant as it was then , but opinions are slow to chance . 
  true . 
  also i think vapaavuori would have been a much more viable alternative to fix our economy . 
  he strikes me as a politician who is more interested about his public image and career than any important domestic issues . 
  i have zero confidence he can do anything meaningful about our economy . 
  finland is also definitely a beer country . 
  i thought it is n't a contest . 
  it 's like people from same cultural areas have similar tastes . 
  i do n't see there would be a significant amount of them . 
  maybe a few political ones . 
  that 's just a one kind of a tactic to be honest . 
  only commit if you know you have enough support . 
  cautious politicians tend to to that . 
  he 's mostly pro-eu and market liberal . 
  i doubt he 'd have balls to do anything drastic as a pm . 
  popular ? 
  everyone i know thinks he 's a spineless bag of shit . 
  according to eyewitnesses the plane lost a wing mid-flight . 
  maybe that explains why so many died . 
  it tastes okay , especially with sugar and cream . 
  it 's not my biggest favourite , but perfectly edible . 
  the viscosity varies between brands . 
  something about pots and kettles ... 
  the stamps are not about gays , but honoring the artist . 
  no one is forced to buy them . 
  you underestimate the amount of bigoted elderly people who vote for bigoted candidates . 
  usually you do n't have to deal with them but they exist . 
  same reasons in finland . 
  unemployed , alcoholic middle-aged men stabbing each other in stupid fights and romani family feuds . 
  it 's a big country . 
  not knowing at least it 's general location surely makes you seem stupid . 
  the cultural differences between us states are negligible compared to actual european countries . 
  yes , they have their own governements and legislation but so do german states for an example . 
  states and countries can not be really compared . 
  i 'm sure the officials did the right thing considering they are only doing their job . 
  an operation like that is is complicated , expensive and not necessarily worth the risk . 
  i doubt it . 
  if i understood right they were from the same diving club and wanted to recover the bodies of the dead divers for their families sake . 
  technically going there was in grey area legally but they did it at their own risk and expense . 
  come on . 
  suspicion and distrust maybe , but not many actually hate russians . 
  those two countries have nonexistent democratic tradition , unlike ukraine . 
  i ca n't see any kind of coup happening in either of them in near future . 
  of course if a west-leaning governement rises to power russia will act quickly . 
  right now it 's not relevant because they have so close ties to russia . 
  belarus and kazakstan are `` safe '' . 
  they are already strongly under russia 's influence . 
  lukashenko and nazarbajev are practically dictators and close to putin . 
  anti-personnel mines with manual detonation are allowed . 
  also anti-tank mines . 
  it 's not . 
  there is the strait of kerch between them . 
  helps me . 
  would be nice to see similar comparisons from the big german cities and london and rotterdam as well . 
  these things are not exclusive to sweden . 
  here in finland we 've had at least two similar cases . 
  finland 's geopolitical situation demands credibile military . 
  the ease of maintenance is a major factor . 
  it takes literally three seconds to disassemble an ak-47 and there are no small parts like screws and pins you could easily miss . 
  the most basic maintenance is just to clean the chamber and ensure the firing pin can move freely . 
  source : i had a rk-62 ( ak derivative ) as my service rifle for 9 months . 
  estonia was indenpedent between 1920 and 1940 . 
  ** finland ** the president hosted an indenpence day concert for invited guests in tampere . 
  some 200-300 anarchists held a protest outside the concert hall and ended up breaking windows and beating riot police and their horses with sawed-off hockey sticks . 
  good , but i hope they have a strong legal high ground before they take any action . 
  otherwise this could be a dangerous precedent and bad for democracy .
