  i 've done quite a bit of winter bicycling and the difference is really drastic . 
  does n't feel so good idea when you get fined by the police . 
  nah , it was a light hearted jab . 
  but seriously , there are many ways you can define western europe and eastern europe . 
  nato / warsaw pact is the most widely used but that divide makes only sense in our narrow time frame . 
  that 's exactly what a jealous eastern european would say . 
  ilya repin is pretty amazing . 
  alexander the second was a pretty cool dude though . 
  easily the most benign foreign monarch we ever had and the one to free the russian serfs as well . 
  poles would of course disagree because of his violent suppression of the january uprising . 
  a target list from late seventies or early eighties would be even more chilling . 
  nuclear stockpiles were much larger and both countries had more missiles . 
  we were n't . 
  saying otherwise is belittling what estonia for example went through . 
  they were a part of ussr and gdr , hungary , poland etc. 
  were satellite states . 
  it takes pretty special mental gymnastics to think we were on the same boat . 
  old volvos yes but there 's nothing special about the new ones . 
  what kind of bidets ? 
  here we have [ these ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ad/bidee_shower.jpg/220px-bidee_shower.jpg ) at almost every bathroom . 
  he 's not bj\u00f6rling but that was nice anyway . 
  ah , thanks . 
  the meanings are sometimes confusing . 
  it depends . 
  in british english i think it 's called marmalade . 
  you are right . 
  there are a lot of high rise suburbs in many parts of europe because of the heavy urbanization and baby boomer generations after the war . 
  there were n't enough apartments in city centers to house everyone and building planned suburbs was deemed to be the most efficient way of addressing that . 
  one consideration is the usage of land . 
  in usa there 's a lot of land so your suburbs look more like [ this ] ( http://www.houstonhomeandcondo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/houston-subdivision.jpg ) . 
  the definition also means cultural differences . 
  we never were a part or a satellite of the soviet union . 
  a udinese and juventus striker who was a regular in the national team is bound to be famous . 
  what a sad specimen of a joulutorttu . 
  it 's burned and has too much marmelade . 
  what about gravlax ? 
  here it 's among the most important dishes . 
  the project seems to be more about economy than military . 
  basically a job-creating program which at the same time maintains the ability to produce indigenous combat aircraft . 
  basically all germanic and finno-ugric languages , russian and sanskrit . 
  there are probably many more . 
  czechoslovakia was really of the charts . 
   unfortunately , the methods of delivery are ever-improvable . 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily a bad thing . 
  effective delivery methods are one reason why using nuclear weapons in anger would be incredibly stupid . 
  you ca n't defend against icbm 's carrying 10 mirv 's . 
  anyone who starts a nuclear war will be obliterated . 
  before advanced icbm 's the concept of first strike was more appealing because with luck and good planning you could have delivered a decapitating first blow , at least nearly so . 
  but what about taffel ? 
  some of the flights are designed to gather intelligence . 
  they want to know how our air force responds in different situations and how fast the intrusions are detected . 
  there are also sigint planes involved to intercept radio traffic . 
  no doubt some of the violations have been accidental but the problem is there are no repercussions from any of them . 
  they can afford sloppy navigation because the worst thing that can happen is a strongly worded letter to the ambassador . 
   if anybody is trying to invade my home , i 'm sorry but i 'm going to aim center mass , pull the trigger and i 'm not stopping until he 's not moving or the gun goes `` click '' . 
  you do that in finland and you 'll most likely go to jail . 
  using deadly force is only allowed if yours or another persons life is in immediate danger . 
  the point is that finland is so safe that the whole matter is almost irrelevant here . 
  i 've never heard someone proposing allowing gun permits for self-defence . 
  it 's not a matter of ideology and constitution like in the states . 
  in switzerland you have to get a permit for open carry but i 've read they are quite rare . 
  however you can transport the weapon openly when you are going to range or back to home from there , naturally unloaded . 
  getting a permit for self-defence is extremely hard because you have to prove your life is threatened . 
  you have to understand that fantasies about protecting your home with firearms is an uniquely american thing . 
  shooting people in civilized western european countries is really rare . 
  really ? 
  they have a large reservist force just like us . 
  i 've never heard anyone saying that . 
  it concerns hunters as well . 
  many of them own and use semi automatic rifles . 
   my only recourse is to call the police and hope they will arrive on time before somebody has forced his way in ? 
  so the only choices are to shoot the intruder or call the police ? 
  there are other means to defend yourself . 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  if normal people arm themselves criminals have to do so as well . 
  besides finland is a very safe country with strong national cohesion . 
  guns are treated as tools and sports equipment here , not weapons for self-defence . 
  i 've managed to cut my consumption to 2-3 portions a day . 
  i actually like it better this way . 
  til . 
  i wonder if the border is even marked up there . 
   and practically arctic . 
  not arctic enough for norweigians . 
  they come to oulu to have beach vacations . 
  switzerland 's system is a mix of representative and direct democracies . 
  false . 
  parole hearings begin every other year after 12 years in prison but in theory you could remain behind bars indefinitely . 
  in practice the maximum is about 20 years . 
  if the prisoner is still deemed dangerous after that he/she will be a subject to involuntary psychical treatment for as long as necessary . 
  i 'm actually slightly worried about icbm defence systems . 
  if mad is n't a certainty the threshold for using nuclear weapons becomes lower . 
  this is 2015 , not 1985 . 
  russia has no political influence in finland any more . 
  that does n't mean we do n't have to consider their existence though . 
  having an untrustworthy and bellicose nuclear power as a neighbour is tricky but so far we have managed decently . 
  in fact the government is currently reworking the aforesaid law . 
  it prevented us from helping sweden with the submarine hunt which was a real shame . 
  unlike you we are neutral . 
  actually the current law forbids us to take military action abroad aside from peacekeeping operations . 
  joining the nato is the only way to guarantee help .
