  building new apartments would pose a risk for them and lower the value of their current investments . 
  they have a lot of leverage over city councils who are responsible of zoning land for different uses which hinders smaller companies trying to enter the market . 
  taxes are mandatory too . 
  military service is a bit like one , without conscription we 'd need a full professional army which would be very expensive . 
  what causes most discontent is that women are exempted . 
  in my opinion they should have a special tax to compensate the situation if they do n't choose to do military or civil service voluntarily . 
   will an unemployed finnish citizen be entitled to basic income even if they do n't apply for any jobs ? 
  most likely . 
  they already get money to cover basic needs . 
   are they planning to replace all social help with basic income , or is it a small supplement ? 
  the latter would be idiotic and would defeat the whole purpose . 
  you never know what bureaucrats will do so that 's remotely possible . 
   will non-finnish eu citizens living in finland be eligible for basic income ? 
  ( is this even consistent with eu-law ? ), 
  no information yet but i 'd guess probably not . 
  they might be eligible for something else though . 
  there is only minimal info available at this point . 
  governments are n't usually fast to do things so we 'll have to wait and see . 
  pragmatic reasons . 
  because of conscription we can field a 230 000 strong army in emergency situation and have a deep manpower pool to reinforce it . 
  if it became voluntary there would n't be any guarantee of that . 
  i did n't know it was so bad in all eastern block countries . 
  here the service is strictly regulated and career nco 's and officers are mostly down-to-earth and professional people . 
  hazing and bullying are taken seriously and often lead to repercussions . 
  i do n't claim conscription its current form is totally fair and democratic system but it 's an accepted part of life here and some kind of a generational experience . 
  i 've read a memoir from a russian guy who was conscripted in the 90 's and sent to chechenia . 
  i can imagine experiencing something like that wo n't make you a fan of the system . 
  this may be true in some countries but in finland most people are content with conscription . 
  i understand why some call it slavery at ideological level but it 's far apart from that in reality . 
  here the service is purely training and when it 's over we are sent to reserve , i.e home . 
  there is no `` work '' included . 
  there are also many ways to avoid service without consequences if you really do n't want to go . 
  it 's a nice idea in theory but we are not there yet , probably not ever . 
  there are too many differing ideas how to improve the world . 
  i agree . 
  trying to force the same laws and similar fiscal policies to 500 million people from drastically different cultures would be a catastrophe . 
  eu as federation would be too large , cumbersome and under representative for common people . 
  of course it 's our problem , it 's happening right next to us . 
  it was n't really a war though . 
  willem just walked in and took the throne . 
  well shit , here a haircut costs at least 20 $ . 
  i never said would be comfortable . 
  the point is all of the desirable land in europe is pretty much occupied . 
  we have a lot of room up north . 
  not sure if anyone wants to go there though expect maybe for beautiful nature . 
  because they are people escaping from war-torn countries . 
  it 's called solidarity . 
  calling them `` useless '' is heartless . 
  they have just the same right to pursue better lives as any other human beings . 
  on the other hand humanitarian immigration should be done in sustainable way with intergration first in mind . 
  otherwise there will be serious problems . 
  we simply can not take everyone who wants to come here . 
  well , he 's at least partly right . 
  finland was the de facto aggressor in the continuation war . 
  we wanted to get karelia and other lost territories back and neutralise the looming soviet threat . 
  the winter war had left us in a very vulnerable position with all the fortifications on the another side of the border and remaining unaligned would have most likely been a suicide . 
  with the military capacity soviets had during the late years of the war they could have easily swallowed a tiny neutral nation without allies and natural defences . 
  it 's easy to condemn the decisions of our leadership in the inter-war period with the benefit of hindsight but they did their best to keep finland indenpendent . 
  more like round 7 if you count in some older conflicts . 
  i hope it never comes to that though . 
   america takes a parenting role in europe because it 's too important to just leave things here to chance . 
  `` parenting role '' my ass , that 's the stupidest shit i 've read today . 
  huh , i 've heard estonian construction workers are diligent and enthusiastic but not always very skilled or experienced . 
  a different stereotype then . 
  not really , very few people care that much about politics . 
  whenever a new government is starting a term people always moan things are going down the shitter and how we are all doomed but i believe that 's a common phenomenon . 
   they all think that the women in their respective countries are the most beatiful in the world . \u00a8 i find that hard to believe . 
   russia is a source of instability and a long term problem . 
  many russians would probably disagree . 
  bollocks , they were widely used in the spanish civil war . 
  i 'm not disagreeing , just saying there are no magic tricks to improve the situation . 
  integration in the long run is the only way . 
  there are some jobs uneducated people can do like cleaning or clearing snow in winter but generally it 's too optimistic to expect net productivity from first generation humanitarian immigrants coming from third world countries . 
  that 's not how anything works . 
  farming in these days is technical and specialized work requiring diverse skills in many areas . 
  besides this is n't the soviet union and we do n't have kolkhozes where we can just order people to go to . 
  and i do n't see why they would or should . 
  there are very few jobs outside big cities . 
  basic income experiment is in the policy statement though so it 's definitely not dead . 
  i do n't see why kokoomus would have much against it ideoligically , it 's more efficient than the current system if implemented properly . 
  `` you first ! '', 
  `` no , you first '' . 
  it 's kind of funny . 
  well at least it 's different . 
  really ? 
  i 've always thought football is much more popular . 
  even if they ca n't prove everything he will be jailed for a long time . 
  i 'm quite sure the prosecution has at least some very damning evidence . 
  when i think of american composers samuel barber and philip glass come first to mind . 
  from earlier composers dowland and purcell are also very important . 
  there are indeed many . 
  his most important works are not program music though . 
  he just happened to live during politically turbulent times so his music has a big symbolic value . 
  free city of k\u00f6nigsberg , problem solved . 
  poland has more of them though . 
  careful now ... 
  sweden has a small professional army focused in peacekeeping while finland has large reservist army designed for conventional warfare . 
  the two are really not comparable . 
  the difference is that there are jobs on the swedish side where there are people . 
  trying to keep rural areas artificially alive is idiotic and detrimental to the countrys economy .
