  just suing millions of people for copyright infringement is infeasible . 
  nope , it 's because they have a modern , working business model . 
  watching movies and tv shows from netflix is more convenient than torrenting them . 
  we do n't really carry knives if you do n't count our romanis . 
  saudi arabia serves western corporate interests , isis does not ( except arms industry ) . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
   except for all the waiting ( soldiers will know what i mean ) it was shitty when you had to stand in a formation . 
  during a field excercise it was nice because you could take a quick nap . 
  military service here is kind of a rite of passage which most males undergo . 
  it 's an experience which has remained mostly same through generations . 
  most people consider it necessary because of our long land border with russia . 
  i 'd imagine it was pretty much the same in sweden until when it was abolished . 
  in army you have to live in the same room/tent and cooperate with people you 'd normally never socialize with in civilian life . 
  it 's quite eye-opening . 
  it 's 4 years since my service and i 'm still in touch with my squadmates . 
  there are no conscripts in afghanistan . 
  i served in the finnish army like most men here and it was mostly training . 
  pretty much everything there serves some purpose and if it does n't it 's only a result of bad scheduling or planning . 
  when i returned to civilian life it was actually a bit of a culture shock . 
  everything was so unorganized , inefficient and slow compared to army . 
  of course there is . 
  [ example ] ( http://www.generationparknorwich.com/images/pipe-district-heating.jpg ), 
  let 's see first how many planes they manage to buy . 
  new fighters are considerably more expensive than hornets were . 
  they wanted to make it voluntary but could n't get that into the government policy statement . 
  not a big surprise honestly . 
  because it 's the second domestic language . 
  i get your point . 
  over half of finns would make swedish voluntary but not that many are passionate about it . 
  most people do n't vote based on one issue . 
  it 's not because they are corrupted but mandatory swedish alone is n't a big enough issue to sway votes very much . 
  parties who want to abolish it suck in other ways . 
  it 's been the status quo for such a long time it would be hard to change . 
  no such thing is happening in the foreseaable future . 
  in fact swedish teaching was extended to younger kids in the new nationwide curriculum . 
  it 's very unpopular but politicians do n't care . 
  swedish and english are both mandatory here but technically speaking swedish is n't a foreign language . 
  [ hey , we were there too !, 
  neither of them promote creationism or see it as a religous matter . 
  pentecostals and other charismatic christians are mostly creationist though . 
   she agreed to have sex with two of them only one if you read more carefully . 
  exactly . 
  if it was up to angry mobs we still would hang people publicly . 
  the tournament is a marketing trick from nhl , that 's why they included made-up teams . 
  the funny thing is they are trying to make it appear a legitimate international tournament to replace olympic hockey . 
  there are loads of pre-christian names still in use today . 
   could you bring some examples of important germanic influences in finland that are not present in estonia ? 
  your sausages are infinitely better than ours . 
  the whole `` race relations '' - thingy is purely an american phenomenon . 
  it does definitely exist though you are right that lte is marketed as 4g . 
   i 'm pretty sure saying a few words to a psychologist wo n't get you out of mandatory service . 
  it 's something that would be exploited by everyone . 
  also , i doubt severe social anxiety would get one off the hook . 
  how do you even go about proving that ? 
  here in finland you can very easily get out of the service for psychological reasons . 
  for some reason admitting to smoking weed will also get you out . 
  the funny thing is they already raised the fines in hope of getting more revenue but that just resulted people adhering to the speed limits better . 
  their total spending per year is about 55 billion euros . 
  it 's not a big country . 
  the color scheme seems to be pretty close but overall it looks like flecktarn . 
  thirteen billion would be an absolutely massive sum for ireland . 
  the aim of the experiment is to research more efficient social security models , not to transform the society . 
  it 's easy here in oulu . 
  honestly i was pretty shocked how poor kebab and pizza are in the southern part of the country . 
  honestly very few finns have a personal opinion about ukrainians as a people . 
  there has n't been much migration thus far . 
  sami people were nomadic and just moved further north every time more populous agrarian peoples occupied their land . 
  btw , what you refer as native britons spoke celtic which arrived to britain only some 1500 years before saxons . 
  it 's unclear if celts actually displaced the earlier inhabitants or just coalesced with them . 
  the only major thing separating us is the occupation of estonia by soviet union . 
  without it we 'd probably be carbon copies of each other . 
  do n't forget sweden has been a major influence on estonia as well . 
   i do n't get that pessimism in finland . 
  it 's basically our national sport . 
  good point . 
  the owners of the best kebab place in my childhood home town are actually iraqi kurds , not turks . 
  they do n't seem to mind people assuming whatever as long as they make good business . 
  there are tons of turkish pizza and kebab restaurants here and turks are perceived as hard-working and entrepreneurial people . 
  i know but it 's still a lot of delicious reindeer no human is going to ever eat . 
  i guess all the meat goes to waste considering they were n't properly slaughtered . 
  a shame . 
  because merkel is n't a president . 
  political parties ca n't have term limits in the government and it 's their internal matter who they choose to lead them . 
  they do n't seem to be hooligans , just normal fans . 
  our rifles have to be resistant to cold , water , mud and idiot conscripts . 
  that one does n't look like it fits the bill . 
  you already got patrik laine though . 
  tintin , asterix and lucky luke were the holy trinity of comic books of my childhood . 
  i still love them . 
   we did n't save any steel battleships either . 
  the yanks have all four iowas , one north carolina , two south dakotas and the old uss texas . 
  they almost have too many . 
  ` we ' have none . 
  it 's understandable . 
  european economies boomed after the war and were in dire need of raw materials . 
  battleships contain huge amounts of steel and were all sold for scrap . 
  we also might have been less eager to reminisce the wars because they were so destructive to most european countries . 
  americans mostly read about it in paper and watched newsreels , they never had generations die at the front or their cities reduced to rubble . 
  nato might find an invasion of a western eu country a tad unsettling . 
  eu countries are obligated to help us in a conflict and many of them also belong to nato .
