  we also have a strong connection with estonia but the russian occupation partly severed it . 
   europe has what it takes for it but only if it gets serious about creating a truly formidable eu army that is fully integrated . 
  there is absolutely zero chance that will happen in the foreseeable future . 
  armies are the last guarantee of national sovereignity and any attempts to take them away from the direct control of countries will be viewed with extreme suspicion . 
  in fact it would probably be treason in most countries . 
  the ketchup here is less sweet than in the states but it 's pretty disgusting anyway . 
  the only exception is the [ finnish macaroni casserole ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macaroni_casserole ) . 
  it goes well with ketchup . 
  i just ate spaghetti with parmiggiano and pesto rosso , heretical or not ? 
  nice bait but i was just stating a fact . 
  i enjoy watching both sports although football is my favourite . 
  by that standard only the top ten does n't suck . 
  they are also pretty good at football which is vastly more difficult achievement than being good at hockey . 
   on a more serious note , why is croatia liked more than slovenia ? 
  i would have imagined slovenia to be in the cool kids club . 
  probably because it 's smaller , thus less known . 
  in eastern finland there are russian shoppers who buy huge amounts of stuff from local supermarkets and sell them for profit across the border . 
  finland-related articles usually are more comprehensive in finnish wikipedia . 
  for general stuff i use english one of course . 
  it 's a step to the right direction . 
  installing stuff not in the software center is a pain for new users . 
  absolutely , society must protect itself from violent serial offenders . 
  i know close to nothing about american welfare systems but i do n't see how a person could n't be eligible for welfare just because he 's a felon . 
  if in this case he was receiving payments * because * he was one that would be pretty weird . 
   so far not a winning recipe , but i 'm sure blaming society for gang culture will eventually work . 
  blaming anyone is pointless but gang problems are usually a result of poverty , unemployment and inequality . 
  harsh punishments ca n't fix those things . 
  exactly . 
  it 's a fun learning tool to support your studies . 
  how ? 
  i do n't think anyone believes you can become fluent by just using duolingo . 
  ] ( https://www.google.fi/maps/place/ivalo,+99800+inari/@68.6542484,27.5138643,13z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x45cd15ef1ffc693f:0xa0146d8a395c4c0!8m2!3d68.6576419!4d27.5397058 ) closest `` major '' town is rovaniemi , 300 km away . 
  we still have more of our [ own romanis ] ( http://i.imgur.com/inonz0g.jpg ) who are a bit different than the ones in eastern europe . 
  yeah , fission power is far from optimal but it 's still superior to fossil fuels . 
  i know very well the problems and obstacles in building new reactors but there are only so many options to choose from . 
  if i may quote one of your older posts :  it takes at least 20 years to build a nuclear power plant to current safety standards , and even then they are huge , expensive monstrosities which are targets for terrorist attacks . 
  i do n't deny they are expensive and work intensive to build but on the other hand they operate for decades with relatively small costs and emissions . 
  the point about terrorists is just silly . 
  modern reactor containment buildings are designed to withstand a collision with a passenger jet . 
  they really are n't a practical target for potential attacks . 
  there 's nothing wrong with renewable energy but relying solely on it is n't realistic at least in finland . 
  most rivers are already harnessed for hydro power and we do n't have very much sun here . 
  our theoretical capacity for wind power is about 10-15 % of the total consumption so that wo n't save us either . 
  i hope smr 's will become commercially available and safety approved in the near future . 
  building a whole nuclear facility on site is an extremely expensive and convoluted process . 
  i strongly doubt it , a 500ml can of stark\u00f6l costs 11-12 sek at systembolaget . 
  there is no way the new law would lower our prices that much . 
  that might sound good on paper but the stability of the world depends on nuclear powers being able to destroy each other completely . 
  a defense system means russia is just building more advanced missiles in greater numbers and we are back where we started . 
  please get rid of your tunnel vision . 
  do you realise you are advocating a renewed arms race ? 
  not that it is n't already going on but luckily nowhere near the cold war levels . 
  well , first of all it undermines russias nuclear deterrent which by itself is threatening to them . 
  they 'll feel compelled to develop more advanced missiles to gain back the deterrent . 
  secondly , you are presuming that all the forces effecting national defence policies are rational and utilitarian which obviously is n't true . 
  politicians are lobbied and propped up by people whose only responsibilites are providing value for their shareholders . 
  it 's not me who is guilty of circular reasoning . 
  sorry if that came out too aggressive . 
  i do get the reasons but ultimately they are so pointless . 
  russia is well capable of developing more effective srbm and mrbm systems while the missile defence system can be refined and expanded to counter that . 
  ultimately no one is better off , especially if one side gains an upper hand . 
   one of russia 's fundamental security assumptions is their ability to destroy any of their european neighbors through a nuclear strike . 
  such a shield would also force them to spend more money on their nuclear weapons and in the end russia can not financially out compete the us . 
  so you want russia to be poor and unstable while usa would be the only major nuclear power . 
  sounds like a horrible and short-sighted plan . 
  the point about accidental launches is good though , it 's something i did n't think about . 
  they care because it would destabilise the balance of power and their economy is n't up to it . 
  the whole missile defence project is just a cynical money grab . 
  no one except defence contractors have anything to gain from a new arms race . 
  does n't apply to finland though , finnish is n't even indo-european . 
  i think leaving foreign tv and movies undubbed has had a great impact . 
  that would also explain why portugal is doing better than spain . 
  it would n't really be a transition , just a band-aid to the current system . 
   also why am i not shocked that a far left winger is politically close to the far right ... 
  horseshoe theory is intellectually lazy bullshit . 
  the whites never had a real chance of winning the war , only prolonging it . 
  if they for some reason had won it only would have resulted a long period of instability and coups . 
  they did n't have enough popular support and their ideologies were too diverse to effectively work together . 
  sadly we lost . 
  yay , it seems i 'd have been a menshevik . 
  that poor bear looks malnourished . 
  he was advocating separatism in a friendly country while on a diplomatic visit as a head of state . 
  that 's incredibly tactless , no wonder canadians were unhappy . 
  i meant de gaulle , not you . 
  sorry for ambiguity . 
  what a moronic thing to say . 
  it 's so heartwarming to see your skiers doing so well despite the severe asthma they all are suffering . 
  a true underdog story . 
  some people do as a protest but military service is way more interesting imo . 
  what 's wrong with eating horse ? 
  try pesto on top of that . 
  it 's amazing . 
   there is no reason to believe that conscription is done to help your personal development , it is purely doing work for the state for free . 
  do you think state is something that is just imposed on people ? 
  newsflash , we are it . 
  conscription is n't really that different from taxation . 
  that 's ridiculous , eu is primarily a liberal effort rather than a leftist one . 
  you still have to walk to the restaurant through the store . 
  it 's not a trivial feat . 
  it 's not eu-wide .
