  we are talking of a real war here , not a few skirmishes like in ukraine . 
  well , for one thing it would be a real war with tens of thousands of dead instead of a sneaky invasion like crimea . 
  it 's also likely other eu countries would be dragged into the conflict , possibly nato as well . 
  that looks like a huge mess for no gain for me . 
  [ hms trincomalee , hartlepool . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfiwdeblfye ) old sailing ships are fascinating . 
  as i said , a war between only russia and finland is a very unlikely scenario . 
  what they could possibly gain from it ? 
  they are not stupid . 
  it would be a full blown large scale conventional war like not anything seen in europe since ww2 . 
  a scenario where russia attacks only finland is extremely unlikely and the reaction from the international community would be severe . 
  of course we ca n't . 
  the point of our military is to make invading not worthwile for russia . 
  there are very few old buildings in frankfurt , it was bombed to rubble during the war . 
  traditionalism does n't seem to be popular among architects . 
  many would also think new neoclassical buildings would undermine the existing ones . 
  i myself live in `` the capital of northern scandinavia '' . 
  it wo n't happen in any foreseeable future and i 'm fine with it . 
  do you seriously want unemployed people to starve to death ? 
  there simply are n't jobs for everyone and not every person is even able to work . 
  welfare is intended to cover the basics , nothing more . 
  i do n't doubt it 's a lot of money in serbia but that 's an irrelevant point . 
  what do you think would have happened we did n't have an army back then ? 
  careful with that edge there . 
  i wonder where they got the numbers . 
  here in finland you can get completely unlinmited 4g for about 20 $ . 
  depends of you point of view . 
  from a global perspective we are living in a very rich country . 
  yeah because torture and detention without trial is obviously the right way ... 
   i do n't even know where people get condoms . 
  i have seen nobody who buys them in stores , since you have to ask the cashier for them , and it is really fucking embarrassing if you do that . 
  what the hell ? 
  here there are at the aisle ends right next to the chocolate bars and bubble gum . 
  exactly . 
  i just meant a country like germany should have an army comparable to at least poland . 
  currently poles have more operational german tanks than bundeswehr itself . 
  he 's going at it from a wrong direction . 
  although it 's true many countries underfund their militaries that kind of talk makes nato appear weak and divided . 
  we are n't even a nato member ... 
   art5 is agreement same as 2 % except article 5 is the whole reason why nato exists while the 2 % recommendation is just a detail . 
  because they are under treaty obliging them to do so . 
  if they do n't , nato is as good as dead . 
  the italian anthem comes very close , especially when sung at football matches . 
   i ca n't believe you guys are pro military coups , which is supposedly orchestrated by another islamist , if erdogan is to be believed . 
  why would n't we . 
  i also heard the burning of reichstag was orchestrated by an international conspiracy of jews . 
  turkey has a longer democratic and secular traditions though . 
  hopefully it will go better and there 'll be new elections soon . 
  musk is focusing on what can be achieved in a few years which is a very good thing too . 
  the house of commons is still very different compared to most parliaments in europe . 
  the atmosphere there is a bit more relaxed and intimate . 
  it would be so cool to see an operational ssto in my lifetime . 
  it would be a massive step for space exploration . 
  the current cost for putting things to orbit is prohibitive . 
  it uses some kind of a cryogenic fluid but there are n't many details on the internet . 
  i guess it 's a company secret . 
  i would n't call putin insane . 
  there are some far worse political movements in russia and he has to walk a fine line to keep them in check . 
  his saber-rattling is mostly for domestic consumption . 
  i do n't blame russians who elected him either , yeltsin 's era was a total shit show . 
  putin a cold and pragmatic dictator but things could be way worse at the moment . 
  gruy\u00e8re is heavenly but i like parmiggiano-style hard cheeses as well . 
  sadly finnish cheese culture sucks and i there are not many good domestic options . 
  when i visit sweden i usually buy some herrg\u00e5rdsost , it 's delicious with bread . 
  in what situation you 'd need thousands in cash ? 
  it already is though . 
  does n't make it a good choice . 
  the way how the european commission is elected is flawed , but the general disinterest to the european parliament elections is a much more serious problem . 
  too few people actually know how the democracy in eu works and want to participate in it . 
  p.s : nice to see an another iain m. banks fan . 
  mep 's are chosen directly by a popular vote and countries are given seats proportionally to their populations . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  i personally appreciate western values which include due process and fair trials . 
  cia does none of that . 
  nope , do n't forget karelian russians during the war . 
  it 's a lot more likely that the weapon is procured from russia or some baltic country . 
  stealing weapons from the military is very risky and difficult while you can buy an ex-soviet akm for a few hundred euros in estonia . 
  til using a bicycle makes you hipster . 
  a new arms race would be a horrible idea . 
  putin would have to escalate the geopolitical situation to justify growing the military budget . 
  it 's already disproportionally high . 
  try baconreader , works with flairs . 
  nah , romania is looking pretty decent at the moment . 
  but they still are italy . 
  you have to do something heroic to score against them . 
  the team is n't that shitty anyway , just way worse than it could be . 
  they have had horrible luck with injuries . 
  we have a long rivalry with sweden in anything concerning sports . 
  i for one am all in for our western neighbours . 
  some hardcore junkies extract it from fentanyl patches and inject it to their veins . 
  it 's basically russian roulette because the dose ca n't be safely predicted . 
  fentanyl is mostly used in palliative care and combat medicine . 
  i received combat medic training and was trained how to tape a fentanyl lollipop to a wounded guy 's finger so he can suck it when the pain becomes too much . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's just that frankfurt is over a thousand years older . 
  compared to chicago ? 
  certainly . 
  the architectural diversity suffered greatly during the war though . 
  i do n't know why it 's done differently but inwards opening windows are easier to clean , especially in tall apartment buildings . 
  sweden , obviously .
