  very common theme between the two . 
  he constantly campaigned on it and it 's a driving force behind his anti illegal immigration stance . 
  if you 're european i get that you may not hear that though . 
  i embrace liberal snark , it won my reality show host a presidency . 
  the inauguration turnout bullshit was quickly debunked by cnns own picture showing a crowd even larger than obama 's hours later . 
  the russian shit is an absolute joke , it 's gotten to be just sad at this point . 
  baseless conjecture made the russia trump connection while the media ignored hillary 's ties to the middle east and the obama-khomeini bromance . 
  he did n't make his tax returns public , not much denying there so i 'm confused why you included that . 
  the bowling green shit was n't even him and it was a misnomer attributed to a terror plot that was foiled instead of being carried out . 
  the 48 % unemployment stems from us having multiple unemployment rates . 
  when politifact checked trump 's statement and a similar statement from bernie a few months apart they marked trumps false and sanders correct . 
  this is the shit we are talking about . 
  a judge just upheld a lawsuit against cnn for $ 30 million for recklessly pushing fake news . 
  and no , europe is just starting to curb their cuts . 
  they are hardly rebuilding at all . 
  france was still slashing into last year . 
  the tpp is a joke , these massive multi country trade deals have fucked the us and we are n't having anymore of it . 
  i like nato but only 4 countries deserve it 's protection . 
  the eu is a joke . 
  let countries deal with other countries on their own . 
  deferring to a bureaucracy of unelected morons on matters concerning your country is ... insane . 
  erdogan could deal with a toppling . 
  duterte is just a dumbass . 
  assad was unfortunately in the right in the conflict and the us was in the wrong . 
  we backed the wrong side . 
  we are n't suddenly aligning . 
  the advent of islamo fascism put the writing on the wall that the western world was going to have to put differences aside . 
  china 's increased aggression is even taking a back seat to it . 
  russia is not nearly as pressing of a threat as iran and they hate radical islam as much as trump does . 
  again , writing on the wall . 
  again , what could he possibly be referring to ? 
  he clearly is talking about the segment from carlson 's show which he watches religiously . 
  you can watch the segment . 
  it 's publicly available knowledge lil fella . 
  no , he did not say anything false . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  if he said , `` did you see that terror attack in sweden last night ? '', 
  it would be a false statement . 
  this baseless conjecture is bordering on paranoia . 
  i edited my comment . 
  that 's the only thing regarding sweden that happened that night . 
  he 's a fan of tucker and obviously his fans are too since he 's the dominant new cable news show . 
  he tends to watch the `` opposition '' more though , like cnn and nbc . 
  lol , who do you think is going to be in this world war ? 
  the belligerents ? 
  please , enlighten me . 
  we drive the world 's culture , we fund over 20 % of the un , we fund over 70 % of nato . 
  our economy dwarfs nearly all others , our culture is felt in every corner of the world . 
  in iraq there were locals listening to cassette tapes of metallica . 
  i 'm not going to defend arming rebels because it 's a disgusting practice that trump should do away with . 
  if the us blacklisted you , you 'd be fucked . 
  if you blacklisted the us , it may make our news . 
  maybe . 
  i 'm sure he will . 
  our liberals have been baiting illegals to come here . 
  even the ultra liberal obama deported 3 million . 
  they 're about 20 % of all federal inmates for a reason . 
  it 's not a hard thing to do , illegal immigration has suppressed our wages with a never ending supply of cheap labor . 
  we have cities and counties that literally refuse to deport people . 
  it 's poisoned politics in our country . 
  our customs and immigration department is getting beefed up and he may have to activate our military reservists ( myself included ) but it will get done . 
  which part do you take issue with ? 
  do you deny operation sentinelle has deployed 6,500 troops to french streets ? 
  do you deny the massive amounts of sexual assaults in public places in sweden ? 
  read my other replies , i 'll edit it in a sec . 
  the segment showed the reuters camera crew getting attacked in malmo ( i think ) , talked about the spike in rapes and sexual assault , the violent crime rate etc etc. 
  a lot if this stemmed from two swedish cops whistle blowing the government covering up immigrant crime stats . 
  the recent facebook live streaming of a gang rape and a swedish court acknowledging the marriage if a 14 year old to a 21 year old did n't help . 
  i 'm not insulting you , i 'm being perfectly cordial . 
  unchecked immigration is bad  talks about segment regarding swedish immigrant crime  talks about immigrant crime in other countries  immigrant perpetrated terror attacks, 
  i think you just are n't getting enough if an unbiased media viewpoint . 
  he addresses this multiple times during the campaign . 
  this is one of the biggest reasons he is cracking down on illegal immigration . 
  they take jobs from blacks , kill them in gang wars and inject massive amounts of drugs into inner city populations . 
  the latino vs black gang warfare shit is n't hollywood , it 's very real . 
  they fucking hate each other . 
  black americans are americans though , unlike illegal aliens . 
  we need to get them jobs and keep them safe . 
  lol , i accidentally deleted a sentence . 
  was drawing a parallel between the two countries . 
  sorry , accidentally deleted the connecting sentence . 
  we see this exact same parallel between the two countries of norway and sweden where the huge majority of rape is committed by migrants . 
  i mean , he is . 
  everyone is . 
  that kind of talk will destroy your career in america though . 
  you 're conflating illegal immigrants and legal immigrants . 
  that 's a ridiculous twisting of the facts . 
  people that immigrate here correctly ( thousands every year ) form the most functional and successful immigrant population in the world . 
  alaska has barely any people in it , they had 30 murders in 2010 , that 's nothing . 
  the other states you mentioned are impoverished states with massive african american populations . 
  poverty leads to crime and african americans commit 50 % of all violent crime in the country even though they are only ~ 12 % of our population . 
  you 're cherry picking , again . 
  my state has almost 7 million people and we had just 140 murders in 2010 . 
  we have a .2 higher murder rate than sweden does as one of the biggest states in the us . 
  again , you 're cherry picking . 
  if you ca n't not start a world war without surrendering yourself to a massive bureaucracy then you 're too fucking stupid to be running a country to begin with . 
  how hard is it to not start a world war ? 
  really ? 
  because japan is taking a closer seat now with the eu destroying itself . 
  they 're worth more as an ally than 90 % of the eu .
