  wait wait wait , how can you not blame him for rwanda ? 
  his entire presidency he was never afraid to pull the trigger on foreign intervention and was spoiling for a fight constantly and yet the one time he had a chance to stop real , actual genocide he sat on his hands . 
  he himself has said this was his greatest mistake and it still keeps him awake at night . 
  how is that not his fault ? 
  le pen is essentially their trump policy wise . 
  economic protectionism , cracking down on illegal immigration and becoming more independent on the national stage while being liberal on some social issues . 
  she hates the eu and the euro . 
  macron is like a hillary clinton , just a slightly more socially liberal big box/establishment republican . 
  he is a former banker who just recently threw his hat into the ring and is an expat of their socialist party . 
  fillon seems to be a further socially right wing candidate than macron as well as economically . 
  he seems to be more of the traditional conservative in the american sense . 
  if you 're familiar he seems like a ted cruz type , with a bit more push to the right possibly a rand paul . 
  all in all as a devout trump voter i would probably pick le pen since i sympathize with many of her views . 
  france is our oldest and most important ally and i want us to have a strong allegiance without any middle man or bureaucratic nonsense in between . 
  fillon seems doable but he maybe is n't right wing enough for me . 
  i really do n't care for macron . 
  for context i ca n't stand trudeau and even though bernie and i agree on many of the issues facing america , we strongly disagree on ways of fixing it . 
  i 'll be happy with either fillon or le pen though . 
  weird how that works eh ? 
  this myth that bill was a `` great '' president needs to be dispelled . 
  bill rode an economic up turn and his policies directly led to the recession in america especially the housing crisis . 
  he let glass-steagal get repealed under his watch and banks merged together to fuck over every day people . 
  not to mention his ip laws absolutely fucked us in the software market right as it was a budding industry . 
  his criminal justice policies ended up locking up massive portions of americans over ridiculous sentences and most of those offenders are blacks and latinos . 
  his failed healthcare reform where he appointed his own wife as head of the committee ( totally not conflict of interest ) , nafta and a slew of other botched domestic policy is only topped by his god awful actions abroad . 
  he has the worst foreign policy history in a long time , since at least lbj . 
  bush and obama were very bad but bill was actually horrible . 
  from broken palestinian-israeli truces to rwanda to bombing the shit out of south eastern europe , he was an actual nightmare . 
  osama blowing up our embassies then not killing him when he had the chance was another fantastic fuck up . 
  half the country vehemently hates the clintons for this very reason , not even including hillary 's massive list of fuck ups and corruption . 
  but the allies are condemned for some of the bad stuff they did , like nuking japan . 
  the differentiating point is that actions of war during war is extremely different than terrorist attacks against innocent people . 
  civilians in war are collateral damage outside of mass murder/genocide/executions , they are the primary target in terror attacks . 
  they are extremely different and you should be able to tell the difference between the two . 
  just like trying someone for murder , intent is everything . 
  only when i masturbate . 
  relax , do n't take it that seriously . 
  thanks for your support , i 'll make sure to send you a ramadan card . 
  lol , jesus christ . 
  yes , all those darn trump supporters !, 
  coming to europe and running people over with box trucks while screaming , `` make america great again ! '', 
  the delusion here is just incredible . 
  / r/europe has zero political stance in it . 
  there is no official political stance taken by the moderators of the sub or the sub itself , t_d is the exact opposite . 
  and claiming i am part of an echo chamber when , since you 're already looking through my post history , you can clearly see i comment in several different politically charged subs that have no stance of the sort . 
  sooooo cry about it ? 
  we do n't pretend to be a neutral sub though lol . 
  how is that in any way a fair comparison ? 
  not only are you comparing unprovoked attacks against innocents outside of a war to strategic bombings during open warfare , but no one actually supports what was done in any official capacity whatsoever . 
  whereas there is actual state sponsored terrorism running rampant throughout our world currently , almost a century after your counter example . 
  you are saying there are shades of grey to terror . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  being part of a communist terrorist group that killed tons of innocent people is pretty repulsive even if you were the damn accountant though . 
  ... so , you are saying killing of innocent people intentionally can be justified ? 
  oh sweden , how far you have fallen . 
  i do n't hate anyone lol . 
  i love everyone so much i do n't want them to die . 
  if his group did n't also kill and maim black farmhands in an effort to cripple white farmers i 'd be a bit more inclined to acknowledge his supporters . 
  intentionally killing innocents can never be excused . 
  so expressing support for hundreds of millions of muslims who think say , the 7/11 bombings , were justified is n't far left regressive ideology ? 
  lol . 
  and that 's cheeto-elect to you . 
  ... you do know he was the head of an african communist terrorist group called the umkhonto we sizwe , right ? 
  they bombed tons of public places including churches and railway stations too . 
  i must be missing them . 
  i come here infrequently but i 've been subbed for a year or so . 
  the majority of this sub seems like a far left echo chamber save for a thread or two on the front page which becomes the total opposite . 
  it 's extremely confusing . 
  are they not ? 
  paris was a bigger shit hole than patras last time i was there . 
  at least the gypsies do n't try to grope or hit every woman who walks by . 
  racists call mlk a racist . 
  reasonable people call mandela a racist , he did blow up a school because it was filled with white kids so ... 
  not in america you do n't . 
  our social media and universities are dominated by this nonsense . 
  well damn , this is a refreshing post in this sub . 
  practicing appeasement of hundreds of millions of `` innocent muslims '' that feel 9/11 or suicide bombings can be justified . 
  yeah , they 'll just watch `` radical '' muslims cut your head off . 
  i do n't think it was necessarily illegal , just politically expedited . 
  ukraine was having some massive unrest and their leader was ousted to the point where he had to flee the country and seek asylum ( in russia , apparently a hotspot for asylum seekers ) . 
  russia used the turmoil to grab a region that is ethnically russian and sent troops to protect their interests via a democratic referendum . 
  it is shady , i 'll give you that . 
  but in putin 's shoes i 'd do the same , you 're plucking your former subjects out of massive civil unrest and danger . 
  there was no other way to make sure the region could avoid what looked to be imminent civil war without russian interference , crimea would have gotten ripped apart . 
  the un is also being extremely hypocritical as usual . 
  no one cares though . 
  is this in the article ? 
  i did n't see anything denoting his intent . 
  and again , stabbing the guy to death for it is insane . 
  saying terror is something we just have to deal with is dangerous and puts all of us in a complacent state . 
  that 's insane . 
  obviously lynching was an exaggeration too , that seems to have gone over your head though . 
  like most people you seem to be mistaken . 
  trump and his supporters like immigrants and immigration , just not illegal immigration . 
  that 's like germans wanting to take in refugees but not wanting to deal with criminal migrants from north africa molesting women . 
  and then they were all magically dropped when the election was over . 
  weird . 
  almost like it was done to smear him and he won anyways . 
  if a mayor in america said that terror attacks were just a way of life in large cities he would be recalled , if not lynched . 
  do n't be mistaken , our regressive liberals are quarantined to twitter and university campuses .
