  what ? 
  every top comment in this thread are people cheering this . 
  people are turning far right because this is a fucking disaster . 
  france is still in perpetual riot mode , you ca n't go to a pool in sweden without being molested and you ca n't shop at a market in germany without being run over . 
  no , industrialization brought us 8 hour work days and the weekend . 
  anything more than eight hours and you were operating at a loss in many industries during that period . 
  where has trump smothered the press , tore up checks and balances or `` destroy the western alliance '' ? 
  he calls the press out for publishing false stories and for being on the take from his political opponents . 
  do you think the media does n't have bias , especially when every large media company in the us backed hillary ? 
  the greatest us presidents criticized the media , even obama did when he attacked fox news . 
  tore up checks and balances ? 
  lol , obama was a complete globalist shill , the opposite of trump , and he wrote magnitudes more executive orders than his predecessor bush did . 
  not only that , he did them to circumvent congress because he could n't pass anything , trump 's are purely for expediency with his party 's vast majority . 
  and the western alliance is a joke . 
  what , 24 out of 28 nato countries do n't pay their fair share as agreed upon by the treaty ? 
  not even 2 % of their gdp . 
  fucking greece and poland can do it . 
  if you really thought russia was a threat you 'd actually be trying to defend yourselves . 
  russia is the monster under the bed that you use to steal more money from the us . 
  greece , poland , the uk and a le pen france or wilders netherlands can come but honestly fuck the rest of you . 
  japan and korea know how to honor contracts , you eu sheep have gotten so fat and content from our protection you think you 're untouchable . 
  capitalism , democracy and patriotism . 
  call it whatever you want , but it 's surging across the world . 
  let 's just hope geert wins . 
  next is le pen . 
  excited to see what happens between the uk and us . 
  bringing japan and korea closer while teaming up with russia to fight islamo fascism is a dream come true . 
  true , it makes sense that they 'd see russia as much more pressing of an issue but i just do n't see russia getting squirrely . 
  the crimea issue directly stemmed from hillary/soros meddling in the ukraine and the ethnically russian region voted to go to the russian federation . 
  oh look , condescending european liberal , just what everyone loves !, 
  you mean like when obama had one of the worst river environmental accidents ever when the epa fucked up and dropped millions of gallons of beady metal tainted waste water into the animas river for the second time in a year ? 
  there can still be action done at the state level and there already is . 
  the action he signed was a massive red tape monstrosity that was strangling industry . 
  i love the smell of burnt red tape in the morning . 
  yes , they were . 
  the clinton 's , obama and the bush 's were blights upon the world and crushing their influence by shamelessly beating their last horse to cross the finish line should be applauded . 
  we dodged a fucking bullet . 
  there 's a reason the defense industry overwhelmingly backed her from the start . 
  his two biggest detractors within his own party are ancient neocon holdovers graham and mccain and he split the party for over a year with the never trump movement led by neoconservative shills like bill kristol . 
  to accuse him of being just a different face of the monster that spent millions of dollars and over a year to discredit and attack him is fucking laughable . 
  the neocons have been chomping at the bit to go to war with russia for a long , long time . 
  ever notice how the two republicans who push the `` russia hacked the election '' narrative are dumb and dumber , mccain and graham ? 
  trump killed the gop , those two idiots and the sycophants in their little sphere are the death rattles . 
  nato should get funding cut , plenty of countries in nato seem to have zero intention of being in ship shape to defend themselves from this supposed russian monster . 
  and obama was war mongering with iran ? 
  lol , khomeini and barack had a better bromance that donald and vlad ever could , including sending iran a $ 200 billion lifeline . 
  the nuclear deal was a fucking sham and everyone knows it on top of that . 
  fuck iran , the ieds they manufactured and the militants they trained killed over a thousand us troops and countless israelis . 
  it 's time we stop ignoring this cancerous tumor . 
  the saudis have signaled they want to change and acknowledged they funded terrorists and that it got out of control . 
  there is hope for the saudis to change , there is not hope for iran . 
  that 's what i 'm saying though . 
  that 's a wholly misinformed stance . 
  iran has been bombing embassies , staging assassinations , coups , murdering civilians and backing terrorist groups for decades . 
  all in the name of an oppressive , murderous ideology that subjugates over a billion people worldwide . 
  the us is not going to send suicide bombers into some market in romania , iran might . 
  i did n't say i , or america for that matter , created capitalism or democracy . 
  cute straw man though . 
  all those russian citizens the mujadeen bombed ? 
  yeah , did n't happen . 
  and acting like it was just us that trained them . 
  it was an entire coalition against russia , including germany , the uk and china . 
  it was the wrong decision but all the powers of the world made it . 
  ah yes , it 's just 3,000 innocent people . 
  we trained them 20 years before that , long before they turned to terrorism . 
  but keep being an edgy child , my ideology is winning all over the world . 
  obama 's were handpicked by citigroup as wikileaks has shown us . 
  the administrative positions are exactly that , administrative . 
  ben carson is can actual genius neurosurgeon who has a passion for his new job , that overqualifies him . 
  he grew up in shitty public housing and became a john 's hopkins prodigee . 
  this whole devos smear job has a done a number on her detractors . 
  she is the czar of charter schools , which are public schools that give options to exceptional students . 
  this dramatically effects lower income students , especially young pupils of color . 
  these kids need more options and devos will push that option . 
  she 's an experienced administrator in the education sector and is a master organizer and fundraiser . 
  but hell , if you bastards would 've let us get rid of the department of education to begin with we would n't have this issue . 
  cut the doe and epa and leave it to the states , those two federal agencies are massive bureaucratic monstrosities that are tax payer black pits . 
  yup , drones cause collateral damage . 
  but fearing collateral damage is why osama was still walking the earth until a few years ago . 
  we had a chance to kill him in the 90 's and we did n't , he repaid us by orchestrating an attack on us soil that killed 3,000 people . 
  that 's being a bit ridiculous . 
  putin backs assad because it 's the right thing to do . 
  hillary clinton and obama armed terrorists pretending to be rebels and caused a massive civil war . 
  russia hates islam and iran is the best example of the type of islam they hate . 
  chechen and dagestani terrorists have poisoned islam in russia . 
  as soon as syria dies down they 'll go back to shitting on iran . 
  china is iran 's only large ally . 
  fucking beautiful . 
  the germans and israelis were super disappointing . 
  my psg went to finland and said they were some rowdy bastards too . 
  there are a lot of russians and ukrainians in my neck of the woods and those boys are nuts too . 
  this whole post brexit , trump-uk-russia-japan-korea thing we might have going is gon na be the tits . 
  holy shit i thought i was all alone here . 
  this is like edgy 14 year olds preaching communism . 
  oh wait , that 's exactly what 90 % of this site is . 
  i meant in general , not you . 
  and while it 's fine to not trust the russian government they have come a long way . 
  they want to fuck up iran , i want to fuck up iran . 
  let 's stop these terror attacks and radicalized muslims and then we can worry about other issues while we are n't getting blown up is all i 'm saying . 
  putin is a very strong ally and their military spending is a tenth of the us , they wo n't do shit .
