  in fact , the largest issue i have is that these refugees are being put in the same housing projects that house rampant violent and sexual crimes . 
  i linked the wikipedia page in my comment so i 'm not sure where you are having trouble . 
  i compared the numbers on that swedish wikipedia page that cites the swedish crime survey ( from bra ) and a similar victim survey in the us on the other wiki page i linked . 
  i 'm giving you the sources , you 're just ignoring them . 
  for the last paragraph : finland : https://www.suomenuutiset.fi/maahanmuuttajien-rikollisuustaso-kantavaestoa-korkeampi/ norway : http://www.heraldsun.com.au/blogs/andrew-bolt/all-reported-rapes-in-oslo-by-foreigners-police/news-story/15145ecd2d4b6183342dc90032ccebf6?nk=9575c452df4ca5aac72269062da38b04-1475617393 denmark : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime also for some of the other stats . 
  for sure , i understand that . 
  it 's also the third largest city in sweden though . 
  for such a small country the international optics are horrible when your third largest city dominates the news ticker . 
  because sweden is a much smaller country . 
  you do n't have tens of millions of people in the rural areas and suburbs . 
  being such a small country things like this are massively amplified . 
  whereas in america the vast majority of people will never see it and the media actively covers it , sweden does the opposite . 
  sweden either being intentionally vague or covering up facts is extremely inappropriate . 
  people do not respect the police , they often do n't in america either . 
  letting them run rampant destroying people 's livelihoods is not the answer and yet both europe and america let them do that . 
  abandoning innocent civilians to the will of a mob is shameful and cowardly . 
  be it water hoses , baton beatings or guns you can not give them `` room to destroy '' . 
  most republicans are n't fiscally conservative at all , sure . 
  but cruz is more fiscally conservative than most and rand , amash and a few others are fiscal conservatives while being socially liberal . 
  the republicans are extremely politically diverse in america . 
  also , that 's not being a real conservative . 
  that 's just monarchism which is a fiscally conservative and socially conservative type of government but it 's not all conservative government . 
  `` conservative '' is an entirely relevant term and that means the word means different things in different places . 
  you could have an atheist minarchist government in one place and a total theocratic dictatorship in another and they 'd both be `` conservative '' . 
  in no way does it do that whatsoever . 
  their responses are n't short yes 's and no 's that can be cut up and manipulated . 
  they say they went from having violence 3 times a year to having it multiple times a week . 
  they 're direct and leave zero doubt to what they 're talking about in their responses . 
  they did n't even try to be vague at all . 
  one would make a much cooler fan fiction than the other though . 
  even going off of normal political tests , it 's hard to argue that merkel is in any way anything but a socially liberal statist . 
  she 's not a communist or anything but her government is still left of center . 
  `` i touched on the difference in definitions multiple times . 
  you 're just flat out ignoring that . 
  i compared all sexual assault claims ( which is a much broader term than rape in the us and is comparable to sweden 's `` rape '' definition ) between the two countries and showed sweden has a massive rate of sexual assault compared to the us . 
  there could be twenty times more cases reported in sweden and it would still dwarf the us ' rate . 
  sweden only has 9 million people , even if half of those were removed sweden would have a much higher sexual assault rate . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_the_united_states again , using america 's more broad definition of rape ( sexual assault ) to make it comparable to sweden 's definition still puts sweden 's rate at 33 times higher . 
  and again , none of your bullets address the large spikes even after the changes in legislation that correlate directly with influxes of immigrants and refugees . 
  furthermore , as i edited in my previous comment , you seem to think sweden is simply immune to the immigrant violent crime and rape issue when every country around them reports huge crime spikes correlating with more immigrants and refugees . 
  this is just getting ridiculous my friend . 
  why would sweden 's immigrants and refugees be immune to raping and killing more if norway 's , finland 's and denmark 's are n't ? 
  germany , france , spain , italy , the uk . 
  every single country is reporting crime spikes and a lot of these countries have been caught trying to cover it up . 
  the new years attacks in germany , the swedish music festival attacks in sweden , the rotherdam scandal in the uk . 
  why are you so opposed to the overwhelming evidence that this was a very , very poor idea ? 
  acknowledging that it 's mostly gang warfare due to a loophole making grenades easier to get than firearms , that does n't address the spike in gun violence that sweden has also had . 
  again , neighboring countries acknowledge this and show that all african and middle eastern immigrant groups have large over representation in crime statistics and it 's only growing . '', 
  yeah , which is it ? 
  i 'm genuinely confused . 
  i repeatedly saw posts even in this sub shitting on alleged sycophantic europeans for posting in t_d, 
  because they are one in the same . 
  rinkeby and malmo are the two that are constantly mentioned . 
  huge crime prevalence and tons of immigrants . 
  again , this is a lie . 
  please , go through my comments and you 'll see where i debunk this . 
  there 's a good post in t_d explaining it as well . 
  on the one last night they play the questions asked and the answers to them . 
  the answers are their own and even in any context they explain their concerns thoroughly . 
  i would n't say worse but similar . 
  and the us is brought up in every thread regarding crime or immigration or politics in this sub ... 
  i was also agreeing with you . 
  ... who the fuck is horowitz ? 
  go through my comment history , i pulled it directly from wikipedia pages between the two countries . 
  i did the math myself yesterday arguing with people in this sub . 
  the interviews are not altered . 
  ari was on last night . 
  the interviews were not altered or misleading . 
  the cops obviously are going to deny it though , i do n't know why they agreed to do it it 's social suicide . 
  no one on the program including a swedish expert and former us ambassador to sweden was able to debate tucker on any facts , they flat out refused to answer his questions . 
  it 's not even my fucking continent and i 'm being accused of being some neo nazi shill lol . 
  and the vast majority of america ( literally 90 % of its massive landmass ) does n't have gang related mass shootings . 
  the population centers ( overwhelmingly liberal ) are the only places where this occurs . 
  germany 's `` conservative '' is clinton politics in america . 
  that 's not conservative at all , fiscally or socially . 
  usually explosions involving migrants do n't match your situation . 
  considering the last film crew to visit rinkeby was assaulted ... 
  uh , i doubt many europeans have issues with japanese immigrants . 
  that 's what the black community calls right wing blacks in america . 
  tim scott , a republican senator , recently read racist smears directed at him on the senate floor . 
  it was heart breaking . 
  because every ethnic right winger in the us is the subject of vicious smear attacks . 
  tim scott , michelle malkin , larry elder jesus even charles barkley a basketball commentator gets shit on . 
  same reason americans ca n't criticize black americans . 
  liberalism is a cancer . 
  you 're misinterpreting the chart . 
  this does n't show the defense budgets of the countries which is the whole point of nato . 
  factoring that in the us is about 70 % of nato . 
  uh , t_d has a ton of posters from other countries . 
  you really think all 400k are american dt supporters ? 
  you guys are the best scandinavians . 
  / #swedishvalues, 
  or danish . 
  for some reason i see them arguing for swedes as much as the swedes but norwegians , danes and finns are much more critical and pragmatic . 
  except , much like these riots , the vast majority of mass shootings are concentrated in extremely shitty inner city housing projects . 
  the majority of americans are unaffected by it though and it occurs almost exclusively in their own communities . 
  whereas your rape epidemic is overwhelmingly migrants molesting native women . 
  i do n't understand why either of those are bad . 
  you do n't go to jail if you do n't break the law and we are massive compared to sweden , most americans have to drive 40 minutes to work every day . 
  the rest of that chart was just the symptoms of the green parts .
