  sweden only has 9 million people , even if half of those were removed sweden would have a much higher sexual assault rate . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_the_united_states again , using america 's more broad definition of rape ( sexual assault ) to make it comparable to sweden 's definition still puts sweden 's rate at 33 times higher . 
  and again , none of your bullets address the large spikes even after the changes in legislation that correlate directly with influxes of immigrants and refugees . 
  furthermore , as i edited in my previous comment , you seem to think sweden is simply immune to the immigrant violent crime and rape issue when every country around them reports huge crime spikes correlating with more immigrants and refugees . 
  this is just getting ridiculous my friend . 
  why would sweden 's immigrants and refugees be immune to raping and killing more if norway 's , finland 's and denmark 's are n't ? 
  germany , france , spain , italy , the uk . 
  every single country is reporting crime spikes and a lot of these countries have been caught trying to cover it up . 
  the new years attacks in germany , the swedish music festival attacks in sweden , the rotherdam scandal in the uk . 
  why are you so opposed to the overwhelming evidence that this was a very , very poor idea ? 
  acknowledging that it 's mostly gang warfare due to a loophole making grenades easier to get than firearms , that does n't address the spike in gun violence that sweden has also had . 
  again , neighboring countries acknowledge this and show that all african and middle eastern immigrant groups have large over representation in crime statistics and it 's only growing . 
  by all means . 
  i do n't have some irrational hate for sweden . 
  i only recently learned about this phenomenon because my friend married a woman to get her citizenship so she could leave sweden . 
  her car was torched in one of those big riots . 
  the ridiculous part here is that people in here defending sweden seem to think sweden is immune to this massive immigrant rape epidemic when similar countries are facing the problem , namely finland and norway . 
  north african and middle eastern migrants are 17 times more likely to rape than native finns . 
  they took in ~ 40k refugees/immigrants in 2015-2016 and their sexual assault cases doubled . 
  oslo shows this as well . 
  in 2010 , a spokesperson for the oslo police department stated that every case of assault rapes in oslo in the years 2007 , 2008 and 2009 was committed by a non-western immigrant . 
  the police hq in oslo shows a similar amount of rapes are perpetrated by immigrants , just under 80 % , just like in sweden . 
  denmark further exemplifies this . 
  male lebanese immigrants have the highest crime rate index of all studied groups , 150 % higher than national average . 
  men of yugoslav origin and men originating in turkey , pakistan , somalia and morocco are associated with high crime-indexes , ranging between 187 and 205 , which translate to crime rates about double the country 's average . 
  the us has 33 times more people . 
  they have 3 times more sexual assault ( all sexual assault reports , not just rape ) . 
  we do not have grenade attacks , much less over 30 of them a year . 
  the us may have a serious gang violence issue but to say that sweden 's problems are n't comparable or greater than the us ' is just false . 
  so , talking about rape and grenade attacks are bad ? 
  sweden having a third of reported sexual assaults ( all sexual assault , not just rape i know the definition is different ) of the us but the us having 33 times more people is n't an issue to you ? 
  even after the legal rebrandings we 've seen massive increases though . 
  even going further back and taking snippets at a time you can see as the open door policies grew the crime rates ticked up in many cases , not just rape . 
  other violent crimes have had explosions . 
  34 random grenade attacks last year should worry anyone . 
  what other western country has `` grenade attacks '' ? 
  i mean , of course they do haha . 
  it 's a giant collective of countries . 
  that also includes the uk though and we all know what happened there , 
  i 'm going off a washington post article i linked in another comment . 
  still though , that means muslims are even more over represented in french prisons . 
  lack of facts ? 
  look at my comment history , i 've been dropping facts everywhere in here only for all of you to just say they are made up . 
   dad and i 's favorite movie . 
  if only we lived in an age where information was widely accessible so we could form opinions on things . 
  the original broadcast has a time stamp on it kiddo . 
  and angles ? 
  you can clearly see all the way to the building at the back of the mall is full . 
  it 's cute how hard you 're trying . 
  i edited it hours ago . 
  and he just clarified my assertion via twitter . 
  he confirmed he was talking about the fox news segment the night before . 
  first of all , the timestamp on there is a lie , the actual cnn broadcast took that pic 4 hours before the ceremony . 
  furthermore , the cnn gigapixel ( http://www.cnn.com/interactive/2017/01/politics/trump-inauguration-gigapixel/ ) shows the entire mall filled , with overflow on the sides of the stage filled as well while he was talking . 
  ahahaha , how horrifying . 
  what exactly are you going to take from us ? 
  the uk is the debatably strongest nation in europe and we are bros. 
  spare me . 
  uh , all of his siblings received the same loan from their father . 
  two of them squandered it and the other spent it on booze until he drank himself to death . 
  trump turned it into a multi billion dollar empire with over 500 companies . 
  great implies exceptionalism . 
  there are many areas where america could be better , no one is denying that . 
  we are n't perfect . 
  americans do n't go to iraq to make friends sweetheart . 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/04/28/ar2008042802560.html right here , from the ultra liberal washington post . 
  not necessarily , he could still just take it to the supreme court and the ruling would easily be overturned . 
  the ruling also only deals with one part of the legislation in regards to current residents . 
  the rest of it is still a go . 
  i think so . 
  the re-conditioning of the american black community is a much easier task than reforming a religion with 1.7 billion followers that gets more radical every year . 
  i think so , simply because crime and violence is driven by poverty more than race or even culture . 
  the culture of black americans is also messed up from generations of extreme poverty as well . 
  make no mistake , black americans are a massive chunk ( 50 % ) of all violent crime . 
  however the reasons for that are varied , most are symptoms of illegal immigration though . 
  low skill and low education jobs being taken by illegals , gang violence trapping young black men , massive over dependency on welfare from illegals that strangles resources getting to blacks , huge drug problems in the latino community . 
  it all boils down to liberals importing low skill , low educated laborers that directly compete for work with impoverished blacks to ensure as many people are as dependent on handouts as possible thanks to limited job opportunity . 
  export the jobs to mexico , import all the workers here . 
  this keeps everyone voting for more handouts which means more votes for them . 
  it 's an actual racket . 
  they oppose requiring id to vote , even though you need an id to buy tobacco or alcohol or drive a car . 
  they support amnesty for all illegals , even criminals in most cases . 
  many politicians including the infamous chuck schumer do n't want illegals to get arrested for stuff like driving drunk because they 'll get deported . 
  thousands are marching in seattle to prevent a gang member from being deported . 
  it 's ... it 's very backwards . 
  the social conditioning has torpedoed politics in america especially regarding race . 
  trump , and myself along with most americans , just want americans to be productive and successful and taken care of . 
  we ca n't import millions of others until we take care if our own . 
  your username is kind of ironic here haha . 
  it did n't fail . 
  a temporary ban was upheld by a court that has 80 % of its rulings overturned when they go to the next level . 
  worst case scenario is he rewrites part of it . 
  it 's a power given exclusively to the president , the court would be fucked if he took it higher . 
  might as well just rewrite the green card part to be more clear though , it 's faster and would n't change much . 
  black is a race , islam is an ideology . 
  one can be criticized , another can not . 
  perfectly normal muslims still support extremely backwards beliefs . 
  no normal american black man supports gang violence . 
  he went from , `` immigration is fucking up sweden '' to `` immigration is fucking up france and germany '' . 
  i do n't see how this disconnect is happening .
