  agreed , i read that article when it came out and was pleased . 
  i can forgive the saudis of past transgressions with this new candor . 
  with their help we can destroy radical islam and that should be every major power 's main goal right now . 
  i pride myself as a damn good drinker . 
  that 90 pound korean broke out the soju and made me look like a 14 year old girl that swiped her mom 's vodka for the first time . 
  i love the brits , they are just like us . 
  get shithoused drunk , pick up some girls and then horrify people within earshot . 
  i really want to crosstrain with some russians though . 
  that would be pretty fucking cool . 
  that 's the problem though . 
  many do n't know just how horrible iran is . 
  they 're pretty god damn disgusting . 
  say what you want about the us but we do n't intentionally blow up innocent people , it 's disgusting . 
  i 'm just saying that on the global scale it 's very corrupt and if you take out borderline failed states it 's among the most corrupt . 
  i ca n't stress enough that the us loves romania but i 'm not going to take slights from someone who has much bigger problems than mine . 
  gladio is just smoke . 
  it was clearly soviet disinformation stemming from forged documents put out by the kgb . 
  and again , comparing shit from 50 years ago to now is disingenuous . 
  backing syrian rebels is a much better example and that was hillary and obama 's baby . 
  no , it just got temporarily stopped by one of our courts that is notoriously liberal and gets overturned frequently . 
  80 % of their rulings that go to the next level are overturned . 
  our president gets to determine all immigration policy , including banning immigration from countries . 
  it will either go to the supreme court ( which he should wait on so his new appointment can secure the ruling ) or just rewrite part of it . 
  the second option is quicker and would n't change anything really , the first would be to make a point since he 'd most assuredly win . 
  yes , if you compare romania to somalia sure . 
  the stock market hit a historic high a few weeks ago , iys even higher now . 
  he appointed a ton of anti regulation people to his cabinet and has already cut a lot of red tape . 
  look for rick perry and scott pruitt . 
  i guess i 'm just confused what ones you need citations for . 
  you guys across the lake do n't get the same news as me so i understand if you have n't seen most of this stuff . 
  just name any of them in particular and i 'll explain it . 
  that opinion is fine , but the brits invested a ton in that infrastructure and it was seized . 
  we are allies by common causes , not handjobs . 
  booming stock market , cutting regulations , the travel ban , deporting illegals , killing terrorists , appointing extremely qualified people , getting jobs back and increasing foreign investment in the country . 
  infrastructure is next and the rumored japan train deal is a good first step . 
  rooting out corruption and subversive elements in our government is another good example . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_and_state-sponsored_terrorism uh , yep . 
  iran does n't care nearly as much about ideological purity with their terrorism as other countries . 
  they have one mission and that 's destroying the western world , period . 
  i mean , it would have been fine but we 've been tossing them lifelines just when they 're in their death throes . 
  we could have just fucked them up to begin with . 
  and no , that is not an acceptable thing to do at all . 
  they needed the infrastructure and knowledge from the brits then kicked them out , that 's fucked . 
  it ended up destroying their oil infrastructure anyways though . 
  we have to deal with a repressive theocracy because it 's what the people of that country want . 
  if you can rationalize what that government does then you are part of the problem . 
  iran is an outspoken enemy to every interest the western world has , mossadegh would have been just as bad . 
  erdogans turkey was secular , so was assad 's syria . 
  i mean ... secularism does n't define success in the middle east my dude . 
  it 's a start but it 's not everything . 
  lol yes , feel sorry for us . 
  say hi to erdogan for me , 
  i 've seen it . 
  their entire point depends on him misleading the audience about how mossadegh planned to give oil `` back to the people '' . 
  he seized british industry assets they brought in and then kicked all the brits out . 
  they performed a hostile takeover of foreign business assets . 
  if you think , in any way , that the us would let that happen you 're insane . 
  no ally would let that happen . 
  no good ally at least . 
  edgy comment . 
  again , show me where we are sending suicide bombers in to kill civilians . 
  please . 
  i 'm saying it seems like you think iran is better than the us or russia . 
  iran stones women to death as punishment , imprisons and executes journalists while sending suicide bombers into israel . 
  americans like your country , us getting closer to russia does n't mean we will let them destroy you . 
  the eu is a massive bureaucracy , if you think they 'll ever fight collectively in a war you 'll be disappointed . 
  especially with the uk gone . 
  your english is fine . 
  ~ 10 in yemen during the raid that killed 14 al qaeda members ? 
   destroy it as the stock market booms and the majority of americans support even his controversial policies ? 
  or as some of the biggest corporations pledge massive investments in our country ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_and_state-sponsored_terrorism and comparing collateral damage of garbage clinton/bush/obama foreign policy to actual rocket attacks against civilians is pretty misleading . 
  i do n't agree with the last few administration 's foreign policy but saying they 're even close to on par with pushing suicide bombers into markets is pretty gross and dishonest . 
  funny , we do n't feel that way . 
  he 's doing everything he was elected to do . 
  no but they 're hell bent on destroying the western world , it 's the assassinating pms and blowing up little jewish kids that make them terrorists . 
  as well as , you know , funding terrorism . 
  he was backed to fight russian aggression in afghanistan by the us in the 80 's . 
  following that conflict they made a pretty drastic ideological turn though . 
  i do n't like the idea of arming rebels and never have , it always ends poorly . 
  but comparing past transgressions to current policy is a bit misleading though do n't you think ? 
  that was 40 years ago , they continue to openly support these groups today while they target civilian populations across the world . 
  uh , wikipedia . 
  fifth most corrupt in the eu as well . 
  i have no delusions about the us backing `` rebel '' groups ( read : terrorists ) but that 's why i voted trump . 
  if we have conflicts we need congressional support and we are going to send our troops , myself included . 
  backing some animals because they 're slightly more preferable than who they 're fighting is absolutely retarded . 
  that kind of clinton/bush shit can not stand anymore . 
  groups they armed killed our soldiers . 
  they were n't the cause of all of our deaths in iraq , you 're misunderstanding . 
  iran backed groups killed 1,100 of our over 4,000 deaths in the gwot . 
  thanks , i try . 
  we toppled them because they performed a hostile takeover of british refineries in their borders . 
  their government seized assets of our closest ally and kicked them out after they did n't need them anymore . 
  yeah , fuck no . 
  try that shit against a friend of the us and we will fist fuck you . 
  people can say whatever they want about the us but we love our allies and will literally go to war to defend them as opposed to some of the more yellow bellied powers in the world . 
  so , you prefer iran to russia and the us ? 
  you think their influence is better for your country than the us ? 
  you 're right , freedom is overrated .
