  deepdish is the truth . 
  also chicago . 
  that 's going to be my issue with this though . 
  this is going to be the big pivot and deflection incident where the ultra liberal euro media will say that all of the recent rises in far right populism led to this man to snap out of nowhere and kill people due to his ethnicity . 
  since he was already in psych care it seems like he was just a fucked up dude and finally snapped . 
  ca n't rule out a psycho having clinical paranoia either . 
  agreed , there is no way it 's a refugee imo . 
  his accent is there but that sounds like an accent you 'd pick up from family members , not one from a place you were recently living . 
  i understand that but there is nothing pointing to it being a terror attack yet , looks like a shooting rampage which is different . 
  anders did his thing for political reasons , which defines it as terrorism . 
  this just seems like a real mental fuckjob snapping in a mall . 
  does not seem like a terrorist attack as of right now . 
  looks more like a possible child of immigrants from turkey who was in psychiatric care going on a shooting rampage . 
  he says something along the lines of buying a gun to protect himself from mob violence against him and claims , `` i was born here '' when some guy throws a slur at him . 
  rampage just means a mass shooting , it is only terrorism if it is for ideological , religious or political gains . 
  a mentally ill person going on a shooting rampage for the sole reason that they are ill and want to kill people is not terrorism . 
  definitely seems like a mass shooting of a person who was in psych care now . 
  possible child of immigrants who was reacting to people throwing slurs at him , he responds that he was `` born here '' and that he bought a gun to protect himself from mobs . 
  sounds like he is born here and the other guy was throwing turk slurs at him so he responded that he was born here . 
  that he was tired of being afraid for his life so he bought a gun . 
  be weary of super models wanting to bang you and bad hangovers . 
  he rigged the last one . 
  ah , they were just making `` pew pew '' sounds in paris . 
  they are , to an extreme amount . 
  the fact is that guns are not the reason for that though . 
  for one we have a massive population compared to the western european countries . 
  we have cultural issues that directly contribute to our of control gang and drug violence . 
  discounting the gang or domestic abuse related mass shootings america does n't have that many honestly . 
  our violent crime rate even as a whole is n't that awful either . 
  we are 3,000 miles wide and have over 300 million people . 
  as horrific as these mass shootings have been they are still statistical drops in the bucket and using them to push knee jerk legislation to strip others of their rights is offensive trash . 
  did that help in the bataclan ? 
  did that help with anders breivik ? 
  mass shootings still happen in europe , guns are merely tools . 
  you would need to confiscate hundreds of millions of guns in america which is not even close to possible . 
  australia did this and they only got a third to a fifth of all guns there . 
  their violent crime rate continued to steadily rise after without a hitch . 
  it 's a stupid notion . 
  errrr , what ? 
  there are hundreds of millions of guns here , not even counting the guns you can buy in mexico . 
  a hi point is a couple hundred bucks on the street . 
  there is no amount of legislation that would stop someone from getting a gun if they wanted one . 
  it 's not in the realm of possibility . 
  philadelphia has the worst sports fans in every sport save for the bay area . 
  you could say literally every great general or military figure in this thread was a murderer dude . 
  they were great at what they did and contributed massive amounts to your country . 
  just hate the eagles . 
  trust me , you only hear about a fraction of our mass shootings . 
  the fbi defines it as 3 + killed in one place . 
  the pissed off white kid shooting up a school or the radicalized muslim blasting away his coworkers is actually rare as far as mass shootings are concerned . 
  the vast , vast majority are gang or domestic violence related . 
  rarely does anyone but the local media pick up stories on either unless they were particularly heinous . 
  and you think if they did n't have a wall and all that security they would n't have shit everyday because they 're surrounded by countries filled with millions of people that want to kill them ? 
  well , starving children in africa do n't bitch about how bad their food tastes . 
  work with what you got . 
  for spain ? 
  what about isabella the first ? 
  francisco pizzaro ? 
  vercingetorix should be up with the bold names . 
  that dude was a hero . 
  he is in civ 5 and the popular metal band sabaton has a few songs about him and the caroleans . 
  he was a badass . 
  he 's the only non-fictional swede that kicked ass . 
  like the dad from my big fat greek wedding . 
  that 's like saying the philadelphia eagles are n't a football team because they have n't won a superbowl . 
  they 're a football team , just a shitty one . 
  a week after orlando we had a citizen stop a potential mass shooting by shooting a dude who went out to get his gun after an altercation inside the club . 
  we actually see it fairly commonly , you just do n't hear about it because ... well , you can imagine why . 
  the guy who wins in an axe fight is the guy who practiced throwing it . 
  we 've also got 330 million people , do n't lose hope !, 
  you are catching up !, 
  it will predictably dip but it 's not entirely a bad thing all things considered . 
  the fear mongering is out of hand . 
  murica , japan and south korea are extremely nationalist and have been for awhile , it 's not so bad . 
  then it 's just not part of the eu ? 
  who cares ? 
  there are economic allies in europe that are n't in the eu , why is everyone assuming the eu is going to just embargo the uk ? 
  it 's ridiculous when the uk had a trade surplus and there 's nothing stopping the uk from enacting the same worker laws they had under the eu . 
  this is so massively overblown . 
   everyone who voted the other way is uninformed and stupid !, 
  this needs to stop . 
  i think that 's kind of the point though . 
  the eu is going to start falling to pieces and with good reason . 
  brexit is just the first step . 
  in the short term it 'll hurt the uk sure but when the eu is dissolved or is just germany and it 's pets it wo n't be such a big market . 
  banking on a trump win could cause some serious bond strengthening between the us and uk economically as well since we will both be looking for more trade elsewhere . 
  wait , i thought churros were mexican not spanish !, 
  so it 's a good thing for you and the eu that they left but you still wish bad things upon them ? 
  cute . 
  i 'm an american with hardly any knowledge of french words and even i knew this was a shitpost, 
  :d not texas , considerably more north but also self sustaining . 
  no , but they 'll never pay it back either way . 
  they 're a massive economic player because they slurped up hundreds of billions from the fed , built an empire state and now look down on the rest of the states from their ivory tower . 
  fuck them and california too . 
  i 'll be there in a bit . 
  ... if only . 
  the state that is a trillion + dollars in debt with the federal government ? 
  bitchin ' . 
  it 's to be expected , it will bounce back when people realize the hubbub about economic collapse for leaving was ridiculous . 
  fuck the eu .
