  they 're elected by their respective countries and represent political parties from their own countries i thought ? 
  if a country does n't want something but the other 27 eu states vote yes then they have to abide by the vote , correct ? 
  that 's kind of the point of the leave voters or at least should be . 
  being at the mercy of other countries is dangerous to a nation 's sovereignty , self determination and direct democracy . 
  ... and she 's hot . 
  so that 's bretty cool . 
  the only way to fight the inefficient bureaucracy is to fight fire with fire . 
  `` only people i do n't like spread lies . '', 
  found the teenage john oliver fan !, 
  what do i win ? 
  but drumpf became trump when his great grandpa immigrated here from europe , it 's extremely common for non english last names to be butchered . 
  trump did n't change it himself . 
  i 'm american and i ca n't stand him or his comedy . 
  oh yeah your last one says removed to me . 
  :o conspiracy , we are being silenced !, 
  which one ? 
  the one i replied to ? 
  idk , definitely did n't hav anything wrong with it . 
  the problem with people taking the koran and applying it is that the hadiths have sculpted modern islam to the point where they are seen as amendments essentially . 
  islam says not to judge others but several hadiths condone killing many different groups of people . 
  to remedy this i think if an illegal can prove they 've been working for a set amount of time via employer interviews , have not committed a crime and agree to a kind if pseudo legal status for tax and legal reasons they should be allowed to stay until they receive full citizenship . 
  i love illegal mexicans honestly . 
  they 're my family and my best friends . 
  but even they acknowledge that thousands upon thousands of their own are career criminals or lazy leeches . 
  offering blanket amnesty is just about the most ridiculous thing in the world . 
  republicans need to push immigration reform to keep the democrats from using the amnesty + identity politics one two punch and flipping states . 
  why would n't they want to head this off at the pass so to speak so it does n't become a problem down the line ? 
  the burqha is not a religious garment , it 's cultural . 
  there are plenty of muslim women who do n't even wear the scarf so this is n't even violating their religious rights . 
  as an american it seems like the pro eu camp is getting advice from hillary clinton . 
  which is not a good thing . 
  if they framed it as not wanting to leave the eu because it would give germany waaaaayyy too much power over the continent they could sway many more voters . 
  baltimore is considered a shit hole by every standard , especially american . 
  what is anti european though ? 
  almost all of the eastern euro countries do n't like the social policy of the rest of the eu that germany and scandinavians push . 
  and our states do n't diverge culturally by that much so it 's just not a good comparison . 
  i definitely understand your argument but i feel like the eu flipping and assuming that the uk will throw quality control to the wayside simply because they are n't being over regulated is a little ridiculous and they would only use this angle to garner support for a trade war . 
  over regulation is a massive problem in the states as well so i see where this argument comes from but the remaining eu states not doing business with the uk would be incredibly dumb and it 's not like the uk does n't have other trading partners . 
  but everyone would want new jersey to leave . 
  also most of the other states do n't have massive trade surpluses with new jersey . 
  i just saw an article on here saying that 400,000 poles would have to leave . 
  what jobs do you see disappearing ? 
  are n't there shit tons of immigrants working in the uk though , especially polish ? 
  if brexit occurs and those few hundred thousand pols leave wo n't that enable your younger generation to get jobs ? 
  from my understanding polish immigrants largely fill the same role in your economy that mexicans do in ours . 
  but again , playing by the economic rules is n't the reason for the schism . 
  other eu countries are banking off if the uk while the uk is subjected to social policy that they do n't necessarily support , that is in no way fair and with the trade surpluses that other eu countries have with the uk the uk leaving would give them considerable bargaining power if they get to have more autonomy in trade . 
  right but even with that growth is it worth the potential disastrous implications of the foreign policy and immigration politics ? 
  if the eu was strictly an economic union it would be much more popular . 
  but as i understand it many eu countries have trade surpluses with the uk correct ? 
  that would make it a sort of parallel with nafta , an economic deal that sees mexico profiting off of america by hundreds of billions of dollars . 
  this is also the root of the illegal immigration problem in america . 
  would n't the uk leaving and freeing up their labor surplus help stagnating wages rise ? 
  american here so pardon my lack of knowledge on the topic but why do most of you talk like britain leaving the eu means they are economically blackballed from any euro country ? 
  voting to leave sounds like no eu country will deal with them out if spite ? 
  it 's just extremely odd , especially since the uk is relatively rich compared to most of the eu and has massive economic implications themselves . 
  it sounds like many brits want to leave due to foreign policy differences and the rest of the eu is threatening trade wars with them if they do . 
  that sounds like god damn terrorism . 
   not ashamed for genocide you had nothing to do with holy shit want to come to the us ? 
  we need more of you folks, 
   removing homogays poles have the best jokes, 
  we can give you an office busy work job where you are in a government paid chair so we can tell everyone refugees get jobs !, 
  yup . 
  it would essentially need sweeping legislation of tough anti immigration policy , the nixing of all welfare and having i credibly strong border security . 
  also i 'd never vote for it if it had private income caps , switzerland is saying no to this but earlier this year they also said no to capping billionaire income so they 're on the right track but with such a small welfare population ubi does n't even make sense for switzerland and i think murica is far too large to institute it . 
  ubi is actually a pretty centrist if not right populist idea since it would hopefully eliminate all other forms of welfare . 
  everyone gets the same chunk of cash without cherry picking poor people out for more tax dollar handouts . 
  would n't be surprised if trump came to support a ubi while slashing spending everywhere else as compromise . 
  hi my name is angela merkel would you like a job ? 
  do n't mind the flair, 
  muslims ruined islam : /, 
  not even other muslims . 
  it 's not like buddhists and muslims have a great history either . 
  but this is talking about terror attacks and you 'd be crazy to think the next terror attack has a higher chance of being in the us . 
  did n't the cops in germany just foil an isis linked terror plot today ? 
  i do n't like foreigners criticizing america when they do n't understand the situation . 
  you have nothing to fear as a foreigner visiting the us just like the vast majority of americans do n't have anything to fear living here . 
  the violence epidemic , particularly the gun violence , is concentrated in certain parts of the biggest cities and is overwhelmingly local shooting local whereas europe 's sprawling public transportation systems are ripe for terror attacks and they are used by millions in their everyday lives . 
  i just think you posited a massive false equivalency and it irked me . 
  you mean you do n't like foreigners criticizing your homeland over a situation they do n't fully understand ? 
  ... you do n't think that 's a false equivalency ? 
  massive chunks of homicide in the us is gang vs gang violence , terror motivated attacks are incredibly rare . 
  ... . what . 
  they just talk so damn funny . 
  the ocean between europe and north america . 
  think it starts with an a, 
  marxist leninism is the big c , little c communism is different . 
  like i detailed in my post . 
  your reply is exactly what i 'm talking about and where the , `` but real communism '' shit comes from . 
  i skimmed the first page and definitely did n't see anything nazi related . 
  definitely a right wing sub and the users might be neo nazi 's but none of that front page or the rules are . 
  the rules just say posts have to be about na , do n't editorialise articles and do n't advocate violence . 
  i 'm actually in favor of a canal instead of trump 's wall . 
  it would be a great tourist spot and would be more of an infrastructure investment . 
  but until i get hired on as a consultant to the donald ... 
  yup . 
  i have no delusions . 
  we take the best of the best immigrants and force them to integrate . 
  it 's why immigrant culture in the us kicks ass . 
  it 's why illegal immigration is such an issue .
