  mass sexual frustration among young men , especially in a culture where there options are limited to begin with , is a very serious issue . 
  in america ? 
  they 've all been pretty damn swell . 
  they are super open , integrate well , give a shit about school and are really hard workers . 
  south africans i 've had the least experience with but it 's definitely been mixed . 
  a lot of the problems i 've had with east africans stem from their religious tendencies , not the culture ones necessarily . 
  claiming they need to take multiple breaks during a shift to go pray ( my best friend in military school was a muslim , i know when you pray asshole ) , constantly talking shit to other people in their own language especially my hispanic workers and just in general laziness and nastiness has really soured my view on them . 
  it 's obviously anecdotal but as someone who has personally worked with over a hundred african immigrants via the army , private security and construction industry it 's true . 
  there are strengths and weaknesses to all cultures . 
  i understand but jamaicans and first generation african immigrants ( especially west africans ) are treated much differently here . 
  west africans are extremely hard working compared to east africans like somalians and ethiopians . 
  they 're serious about education and do n't fit in with african americans at all . 
  i 'm trying to differentiate the groups , not put them all under the black umbrella . 
  i 'm the construction management industry and i 'd take one nigerian over five somalians any day . 
  depends honestly . 
  in my experience yes . 
  haitians get treated pretty bad by miamians ( miamites ? ), 
  but black people of any nationality are treated well in white communities . 
  i 'm from seattle so it may skew my vision but i 've been all around the country and save for dirt floor , no indoor plumbing southern towns the most racist people in america are african americans , hands down . 
  xenophobia , ostracizing members of the community for `` selling out '' and making portions of cities essentially war zones . 
  ohhhhhhhhh . 
  the sarcasm did not translate . 
  and yes , portraying moroccans in morocco as muslims attempting to cross the mexican border is ... 
  interesting . 
  i 'm the one who said it 's african americans vs everyone else originally and it 's been this way before trump . 
  trump has nothing to do with it . 
  not sure what you 're saying . 
  trump is an idiot but he is alienating hispanics more than anyone else . 
  american presidential elections are just giant football games , the hype will last and anyone will only give a shit until the guy sits his ass in the chair and a few weeks afterwards . 
  liberals will bitch and moan throughout the term but nothing drastic . 
  everyone just cares about their team , look at the anti-war liberals when bush was in office . 
  we had protests weekly and yet we expanded to more countries under obama and all of the protesters disappeared . 
  which integrate much , much better historically . 
  it 's been decades since the civil rights movement in the us and race relations are fucking deplorable . 
  it seems like it 's african americans versus everyone else . 
  yes but in the meantime they chew up social program budgets and putting the strain on the state to monitor every immigrant in a sea of over a million brand new people would be pandemonium . 
  usually it was the french colonizing elsewhere though , 
  they 're both eastern europe and they both have hot women . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  the greek countryside was awesome . 
  the four or so cities i went to were not haha . 
  is it like that everywhere in europe ? 
  he does n't ... impale these women on spikes or anything though ... right ? 
  i feel like that is a widely accepted part of romanian culture , impalement . 
  hell yes top 5 fuck yeah america !, 
  i do want to visit romania , estonia was awesome . 
  and yet this shit is overwhelming america where we celebrate our loud mouthed opinions . 
  i work for a family construction company in america . 
  nearly all of our employees are mexican . 
  they think white people wearing sombreros , using spanish phrases and attempting to make mexican food is hilarious . 
  do n't get confused , only bored white college kids care because they 've never been out in the real world . 
  i know it 's counted differently but a 1700 % increase in rape in 40 years ca n't be chalked up to just a different definition . 
  but you have to look at the scandinavian countries and see that it 's not working out so well , right ? 
  unemployment of immigrants in places like denmark is absolutely ludicrous , not to mention the immense crime spikes . 
  for all the shit america gets ( deservedly in most cases ) does n't have an integration problem outside of african americans who are natural citizens , not immigrants . 
  countries were slandered for not properly integrating the roma . 
  roma fail to integrate , get deported . 
  countries currently slandered for not integrating muslim immigrants . 
  muslims not integrating in europe and forming enclaves much like the roma . 
  when i visited italy and greece even my socialist hippie teacher warned us about gypsies stealing our stuff . 
  does anyone else see a parallel between the situation with the roma and the current situation with middle eastern immigrants or am i going crazy ? 
  the vast majority of them are failed european colonies are they not ? 
  venezuela is one of the worst off and it had nothing to do with the us . 
  in fact , it 's so fucked because they used their massive oil reserves to enact a bunch of populism charged social policies that bankrupted the shit out of them and now they ca n't feed their people or stop raccoons from eating newborns in hospitals . 
  shit , haiti was doing alright as a french colony and then they murdered all of the white people one night and now it 's the poorest country in the world or close to it . 
  european colonization has fucked up dozens and dozens of countries , please preach to me about how bad chile is , the one country that the us absolutely fucked over but now is easily the best place to live in south america . 
  interesting . 
  conveniently ignoring the fact that the people that police usually run into that have guns have them illegally to begin with . 
  meanwhile someone in germany has a gun and everyone loses their mind . 
  we have a borderline failed state to the south , with an entire continent of failed states further south . 
  even if we banned all guns it would be a day 's drive to get more . 
  allegedly whooped his girl 's ass . 
  his business record is honestly pretty phenomenal . 
  6 chapter 11 's and 500 + successful businesses ? 
  i think the most bankruptcies he has is like 11 total ? 
  80-90 % of american businesses fail within their first year lol . 
  also in english since his latest bullshit . 
  quite the contrary . 
  the hispanic group in america is obviously comprised of much more than just mexican immigrants or people who have mexican heritage . 
  to further this , there are lots of legal immigrants and families of legal immigrants that do n't look upon illegals very favorably . 
  the problem is with illegal immigration ( not even just latin american , we have a massive human trafficking problem with russians and asians on the west coast ) and the rest of our hispanic immigrants are n't super crazy about illegal immigration . 
  they are treated as one singular voting bloc just because mexicans-americans are the biggest chunk and it 's really detrimental to the public discussion . 
  confirmed explosive device now . 
  god damn it . 
  there are model immigrants from many parts of the world . 
  west africans , eastern europeans , east asians , south americans . 
  south americans and west africans come from violent war torn shit holes but , at least in the us , they are model immigrants and citizens as a whole . 
  west africans have the highest rate of college education of any group . 
  good . 
  from syria ? 
  no one is talking about terror in this chain . 
  mass murder is not the same as terrorism . 
   mass murders  nearly killed so , it was 2 victims and they did n't even die ? 
  is that a mass murder in your country ? 
  terror attack outside , triggers the opendoor thing , suspects escape immediate grasp , lie to get into someone 's homes , kill them , more bodies that are part of the same rampage . 
  you mean , until some of these people take note of it , use it to get into someone 's house and kill their whole family right ? 
  because that will undoubtedly happen . 
  the name is even kind of twisted humor for the immigration policy of the eu . 
  i actually legit hated italian pizza . 
  too buttery , too flat , very skimpy on toppings .
