unless you 're gay , white or a woman . 
  it 's the same here just to clarify . 
  we have electricians that make over $ 100k a year . 
  machinists , concrete finishers , some plumbers , elevator techs , construction managers , hvac . 
  these all can easily pass six figures . 
  or he can work in america and make some money doing construction . 
  as long as he is in shape, 
  right , i 'm not arguing that . 
  i 'm merely saying they are n't innocent . 
  ah , well okay . 
  they do destroy people 's livelihood , public reputation and get people fired though . 
  you misunderstood my response . 
  the dsm shows that gender dysphoria effects only a slight , slight fraction of the people who claim to be trans . 
  therefore you 're thinking it 's much more prevalent than it actually is . 
   innocent they 're actually effecting shit outside of their corner of the internet . 
  not innocent anymore, 
  well gender dysphoria effects a fraction of the people that claim to be trans so you 're believing random people on the internet claiming to be trans . 
  they let them in did n't they ? 
  i find it odd that europeans shit on americans for not allowing all mexicans inside our borders when places like denmark are only employing ~ 20 % of the somalis they took in . 
  and never mind the crime , at least latin americans are culturally compatible with murica, 
  we spend mountains more on shit at home than we do abroad , especially welfare and entitlements . 
  and yeah it 's a stalemate because it 's not nor has it ever been a war , we are attempting to build a nation in hostile territory and it 's a retarded idea . 
  all it does is catch civilians in the crossfire and sacrifice our troops to guerilla warfare and suicide attacks . 
  fighting unconventional opponents on their turf whilst they hide amongst innocents has and will continue to be stupid as hell because you 'll never win . 
  the world is the safest it 's ever been and continues to be safer every year , even though it does n't seem like it . 
  defending our allies is just as important as defending ourselves , france being chief amongst them . 
  you did n't have to take them . 
  you 're within our sphere of influence . 
  like half the world is . 
  you directly benefit from our strength and violence . 
  like a rebellious teenager , you insult the very father that keeps you safe . 
  your military is a punchline because your country has n't had to defend itself ( or even bother fighting people like hitler ) for 200 years . 
  it 's okay my son , we forgive you . 
  us criminals have millions and millions of guns . 
  apples and oranges . 
  uh , remember the plane going down and someone phoned in fake asian names for all the pilots like ho lee phuk ? 
  whatever works !, 
  god damn it portland . 
  could n't be the seattle of the us so they want to be the seattle of europe . 
  god damn it portland . 
  could n't be the seattle of the us so they want to be the seattle of europe . 
  you 'll pay for this in time, 
  i 'm sure there are many fences between australia and slovenia already , why is this one so special ? 
  my unit is primarily older guys since i 'm guard now , there is one guy who likes sanders and he is a card carrying marxist and is 27 or so . 
  according to who ? 
  every facebook page and sub i follow he is a running joke . 
  i do n't think he actually is though . 
  i think it was just an off cuff comment that he pushed to have the more ignorant of my fellow conservatives to rally behind . 
  but still strong and willing enough , unlike sanders who i and everyone else i 've met in the military , have no faith in . 
  the old guys still bitch about how shitty military life was under clinton . 
  that 's why i do n't really support him . 
  i know push comes to shove sometimes but it ca n't be the first answer and i think electing trump will bring that . 
  diplomacy by war is n't the first answer ever unless in direct defense, 
  he is against illegal immigration and wants to make legal immigration easier . 
  i work with exclusively mexican immigrants , most of them illegal . 
  they actually do n't mind him and put him right behind rubio . 
  the wall thing is stupid but i feel like he 's trying to get past that . 
  a canal would be a mich better idea i think , an investment in infrastructure that fills the same purpose . 
  i 'm not for blocking muslims carte blanche but looking at what europe is going through a rigorous screening process is necessary . 
  database is retarded and goes against the entire reason our country was made . 
  kicking out illegals makes tons of sense , especially given the complications they cause when they commit crimes . 
  not for long at this rate . 
  if he picks a solid bunch of advisors he could be pretty good . 
  he 's a pretty middle of the road politician and actually leans left on some issues despite what the media paints him as . 
  he 's just very confrontational and playing a role to get votes . 
  i do n't support him but the blind hatred towards him is just as misguided . 
  i know i say , `` i told you so '' a lot here but ... c'mon now . 
  i got ta get out and join on of your guys ' forces . 
  i 'm so tired of sexual harassment briefs . 
  eh , according to a study done in 2002 first cousin 's offspring only had a 2 % higher chance of birth defect , 5 % . 
  this is the same risk as a 40 year old woman giving birth . 
  there are legal migrants doing construction in the south for that much . 
  i pay my immigrants well but i 'm from seattle , very different . 
  yeah , hundreds of years ago . 
  that kind of makes their point . 
  evil corporations like budweiser providing water for disaster relief !, 
  ah yes , lets see what misconceptions europeans have about americans shall we ? 
  eh , my friend and his swedish fiancee moved their marriage closer so she could get to america faster . 
  a buddy i game with is also attempting to come here or canada as well . 
  y' all do n't know what it 's like to be from the west coast of the us and try to talk to someone from boston , mass. 
  it 's a joke . 
  `` this ... is ... europe ! '', 
  instead of getting kicked down a hole you get welfare though . 
  yeah , you 're the only swede on here doing complete damage control and you 're just linking to articles written by the very kind of people everyone is claiming are doing cover ups . 
  you 're out of your mind . 
  naw , we have that in the us too , it 's called msnbc . 
  we had a court issue between a guy named george zimmerman who shot a younger dude named trayvon martin . 
  obviously msnbc wanted to paint the picture that zimmerman was a racist vigilante and got caught editing video evidence to remove the scratches and bruises on his face that showed he was under attack . 
  an anchor for cnn stepped down last year because she refused to report some propaganda , i think it was about syrian rebels or something . 
  they 're the `` regressives '' . 
  i 'll send you a t-shirt , 
  police departments are extremely politically conscious . 
  you have to realize that police officers are the enforcement of the government 's laws and therefore the government has direct control over them whether it be in the form of dictating their duties on a day to day basis like in iraq or controlling their budget , jurisdiction and votes like in the us . 
  if a politician in office tells the chief of police to not do something because it will paint people in a bad light and that politician has an agenda the chief of police has to brief his men on it and force them to comply . 
  this is n't individual cops burying it or covering stuff up , it 's entirely political and being government employees they are at the mercy of whatever environment politicians want to portray . 
  i 'm sure the police are even more pissed off about this shit than everyone else . 
  look at the cop relations in the us . 
  they are constantly being accused of being racist when they have thousands of interactions with people of color monthly across the country that have nothing to do with race and they are completely demonized as an entire organization countrywide . 
  the war on drugs in the us has permanently stained cop-black relations in america and it 's going to get cops killed . 
  in seattle where i 'm from if a man accuses a white cop of profiling or being racist that officer has to wait for an officer of the same color to show up and talk to the guy , it 's that retarded .
