  europeans and american liberals rattling sabers now , it 's hilarious . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_attitudes_toward_terrorism there you go , that 's a small consolidation of a few polls . 
  there 's an infograph around here somewhere . 
  over a billion muslims in the world and 30 % of them support terror in varying capacities . 
  and that was n't including some of the more radical arab countries . 
  this is what i always find funny when conversing with europeans . 
  they constantly chastise me about the lack of ultra far left political groups and yet they have the exact same problem , just the inverse . 
  there are no virtually no small government champions in europe . 
  i have drifted a bit more nationalist since trump but i 've been a libertarian for the rest of my adult life . 
  except enough people supported what he said to win an election , an election he had less than a 1 % chance to win when he announced his campaign . 
  his cabinet picks have been 90 % the absolute picture of meritocracy . 
  whereas citigroup hand selected barack 's 2008 administration and no doubt would have picked hillary 's . 
  surely you mean response to hatred from a religious group ? 
  pew and gallup both have polls showing hundreds of millions of muslims would support terror attacks against civilians . 
  it 's incredibly hard for an american president to be a dictator . 
  in fact , obama abused the one mechanism closest to a dictator in our political system . 
  signing executive actions in the middle of the night , circumventing our legislative branch . 
  saying trump is a dictator or has any capacity to be a dictator is a joke . 
  he destroyed the right wing establishment in our country long before he won . 
  eh , the russian wounds are merely more fresh than the german 's . 
  europe will have to face another existential threat before they forgive russia . 
  russia wants a seat at the table , any table , and treating them like red headed step children will only make the divide bigger . 
  europe is under constant threat from terror attacks by muslims and yet shuns the russians , who have more experience fighting them than even the us . 
  siding with , `` anyone but russia '' is going to bite you in the ass eventually . 
  that 's democracy . 
  that 's what y' all are clamoring for in here , right ? 
  if you are n't in the majority your rights , your autonomy and your freedom gets trampled on . 
  this is the folly of the eu . 
  democracy works in giant monocultures like the us . 
  it simply can not sustain itself with so many different sets of interests and viewpoints . 
  countries on the losing side of landmark legislation will get frustrated and that will create schisms that create fracture . 
  the eu is going down in flames because of it 's good heart and naivete . 
  brexit is going to be a blessing in disguise , they 're going to avoid a lot of ugliness by shacking up with trump over france , germany and their children along for the ride . 
  the eastern countries will leave first , hedging their bets by siding with the new king of right wing populism , the us . 
  he does kind of have a point though . 
  while my beautiful country has many cultures and cultural groups , it is still a massive monolith . 
  every corner still wears blue jeans , listens to metallica and drinks beer with their burger . 
  americans very often forget that no matter what our other differences are , we have many more things in common than two men from say , spain and poland . 
  i do n't know what he 's talking about about americans not travelling though . 
  we vacation the second most in the world . 
  we do n't have entirely different cultures a few hour train ride away like you guys do . 
  it 's why we do n't care about learning different languages , it 's really not necessary for most of us . 
  this is the issue right here , how is the eu not authoritarian ? 
  if your country resists a measure not in your best interests but is outvoted and forced to comply , is that not authoritarianism ? 
  you really think the eu is n't merely the infant form of an oligarchy ? 
  you do n't think the eu has corruption ? 
  russia is extremely individualistic , it stems from a very strong military state and culture . 
  what you 're saying is definitely true of the ussr of decades past but shows massive ignorance in regards to the russian federation . 
  putin has dredged russia out of the world 's shitter after the former oligarchs of the country ran off with a third of the country 's wealth less than a generation ago . 
  russia has the 12th largest nominal gdp and since putin took over in ' 99 , the gdp ( ppp ) has more than doubled . 
  russia has a right to preserve it 's culture and putin has every right to want a seat at the table with the work he has done . 
  it also has a right to protect its sovereignty and those of it 's allies . 
  we can never have peace of we continue to damn them for the sins of generations past and refuse to engage them geopolitically . 
  you lock the kid in the basement for 20 years he 's going to go feral . 
  lol , right ? 
  this whole post is hypocrisy . 
  how is handing your country 's autonomy over to a giant , bloated bureaucracy liberty ? 
  how is that freedom ? 
  become one giant federation by force and consolidate power or constantly tiptoe with this hopeless exercise in reaping all the negatives of democracy while routinely pissing off large minorities of people . 
  europe needs to nut up or shut up . 
  i really , really doubt that would ever happen . 
  the uk and france would never turn on the us . 
  allying with china ? 
  you 've got to be joking , surely . 
  not to mention the us and russia would steamroll europe , not that we would want to . 
  just remember that no good deed goes unpunished . 
  giving people an inch means they will take a mile ... err centimeter and kilometer respectfully . 
  do not break your back carrying the burdens of others . 
  why ca n't everyone just be nationalist and take care of their own ? 
  strong , good leaders are rare to find . 
  i think it 's good that europe is getting it 's balls back . 
  you can be a strong , nationalist country with free trade and not fucking killing each other . 
  the fact that europe historically has n't been able to handle any sense of right wing politics without plunging the continent into chaos is the issue . 
  and what rights is trump `` stamping out for profit '' ? 
  i 'll agree putin cracking down on homosexual rights is shitty but trump has done nothing of the sort . 
  i disagree entirely . 
  the atheist culture in america is born purely out of teenage angst . 
  it 's extremely petty and they are n't people that just choose not to believe in god and go on their merry way , they actively seek out nice religious people to attack and harass . 
  it 's fucking stupid as hell . 
  they are n't atheist , they are anti-theist . 
  i support protectionism on a sliding scale if you will if protectionism is on one end and free trade is on the other . 
  having free trade agreements between economies so different in advancement like the us and mexico is a recipe for disaster . 
  the difference is i am not nitpicking at all . 
  bush , clinton and obama are probably the most failed foreign policy wise because not a single damn thing was done right it feels like on the global stage . 
  lbj was also awful but that 's a little far back . 
  they are remarkably similar in their policy as well . 
  i 've been an atheist my entire life ( here in america where our attitudes towards atheism are very different ) but religious people are some of the greatest and nicest people i have ever met . 
  i stopped getting involved in the atheist community in my late teens/early twenties because they are the most abrasive and miserable sons of bitches in the world . 
  i love religion , it 's a beautiful thing that helps tons of people even if it 's just comforting them during hard times . 
  as long as we get people to stop blowing themselves up over it or oppressing women i am all for keeping it as a pillar of society . 
  diyanet is a god damn gateway drug compared to salafism . 
  he did ride a great wave , i 'm not saying he did n't do absolutely anything though . 
  as we transitioned into an information economy he definitely did n't hinder the process but a lot of that was simply natural progression , no ? 
  rwanda he had all of the power . 
  period . 
  he chose not to do something , it was his call alone . 
  he had already been violating the un 's wishes left and right to begin with , this is why a ton of americans see the un as just a joke . 
  we can do what we want and who are they to stop us ? 
  and yet bill relied on the un in somalia and it was an absolute fucking disaster . 
  he repeatedly made massive mistakes on the global stage that got americans killed and cost thousands of innocent lives through indecision or just being fucking wrong .
