  when trump starts spraying reporters with water cannons fine , but until then that 's a ridiculous thing to say . 
  after this past year in politics i 'm pretty sure no one knows what fascism means . 
  for sure but the vast majority of them refer to themselves as american first . 
  their heritage may be from somewhere else but even the most ridiculous wop will call himself american . 
  i 'm ethnically 100 % from about 3-4 different countries . 
  i never refer to myself as anything but american and it seems foolish to do so . 
  my ancestors were irish and scottish prisoners sent here when we were a prison colony . 
  if america does one thing good it 's turning shit into gold . 
  because your country actively jails people for draconian `` hate speech '' laws that are entirely arbitrary . 
  you 're not the only ones in europe to do this but it 's fucking horrifying . 
  police chief peter \u00c5gren admitted the self-censorship , saying : `` sometimes we do not dare to say how things really are because we believe it will play into the hands of the sweden democrats '' . 
  i 've been posting stats from the scs , bar and just plain old wikipedia for days now . 
  if immigration was n't a problem why did your government stop tracking nationality in crime stats ? 
  why did some swedish tv personality join isis ? 
  why is a city in sweden offering to rehabilitate jihadis ? 
  we all know the swedes are generous and welcoming people , no one denies that . 
  however they seem to have this need to prove it long past the point where it became detrimental . 
  my work buddy 's wife just left there ( she 's originally from finland but lived in sweden her whole life ) to come to america . 
  she 's pretty well versed in what goes on there . 
  i do plan to visit norway and denmark soon but i doubt i 'll go to sweden unless i can just stay out of the city altogether . 
  would be the same in france honestly . 
  for sure but if we are going to bring them in we need to force them to integrate and become americans , not chinese-americans . 
  i hate this hyphenated nonsense . 
  for sure but can you honestly deny that , in areas with immigrant concentration , it 's not exponentially more violent , especially for women ? 
  if just serving a warrant causes a riot then there are problems . 
  did n't stockholm have even bigger riots after a man charged cops with a machete and got himself shot a few years ago too ? 
  i do n't think any sane person would deny that unchecked immigration has done some serious damage to parts of sweden . 
  not us centrist haha . 
  i meant more like , `` hey there are some problems but they 're being overblown '' still gets absolute ridicule . 
  i was n't referring to myself , merely to other posters i 've seen on here being attacked for taking that viewpoint . 
  of course i personally am biased , i 'm an american nationalist and patriot . 
  no , i voted for trump so we can actually fix our inner cities instead of just blaming the previous administration . 
  as if you could be so lucky . 
  thanks for the uk , we 'll take good care of her , 
  again , the founding ideology of the fdp and the libertarian party is classical liberalism . 
  do you deny this ? 
  i 'm genuinely concerned because you 're directly contradicting the fdp 's ideology . 
  `` the fdp adheres to a classical liberal ideology , [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 29 ] advocating liberalism in both the economic sphere and social sphere . 
  [ 30 ] the current guidelines of the fdp are enshrined in the `` principles of wiesbaden '' . 
  a key objective of the fdp is the `` strengthening of freedom and individual responsibility '' . '', 
  i think you 're getting confused . 
  fiscal conservatism in the us means fiscal liberalism in europe . 
  they mean the same thing . 
  far right conservatism in the us entails the libertarian party which is socially liberal and fiscally conservative . 
  in european terms it would be socially liberal and fiscally liberal . 
  that is the fdp is it not ? 
  it 's called classical liberalism and it 's the defining ideology of the libertarian party in america . 
  i think it 's you who has the poor understanding of world politics dude . 
  and i acknowledged that . 
  far right conservatism in america is comparable to say , the fdp of germany . 
  republicans are just much more centrist and prefer more state spending . 
  wikipedia has citations in the articles , including the swedish crime survey . 
  keep commenting on all my shit though , you 're a joke . 
  this is exactly the problem though , her stances are fine and are traditionally fiscally conservative . 
  the problem is that she has n't done jack shit about those stances and that calls into question if they are actually her positions or not . 
  she bought into bringing in tons of immigrants and her country continues to bolster government spending including an increase on defense spending . 
  it 's hard to believe she is fiscally conservative outside of her prepared speeches . 
  this is why she gets so many parallels drawn between her and hillary . 
  her internal and external voices have never met i 'm sure of it . 
  aw , gon na call me names `` star child '' ? 
  haha , i 'm so offended . 
  you ca n't even spell descent . 
  stock market is at an all time high though , keep crying , 
  except american police are less likely to shoot black perpetrators , even though black perpetrators violently resist arrest at twice the rate of whites and while being 12 % of the population , commit 50 % of all violent crime . 
  a harvard graduate student did a piece on it last summer . 
  but keep making shit up . 
  that 's just simply not true . 
  we 're a massive country compared to sweden . 
  their immigrant crime wave is insane and the rape rate in particular is horrifying . 
  also , we have the luxury of being the prime world power and most of our `` problems '' do n't effect tens of millions of us . 
  your snark is n't making your point at all . 
  you ca n't argue anything so you just poke fun because you 're intellectually retarded . 
  i thought europeans were supposed to be smart ? 
  again , show me how angela merkel is fiscally conservative in any single way . 
  you 're thinking of a single axis graph here instead of any bit of nuance . 
  her record on immigration and foreign aid alone are ridiculous and she 's pushed more government spending wherever she has gone . 
  how can you be so ignorant ? 
  how can you in any way say she is not wholly in favor of spending massive amounts of cash on government projects ? 
  she falls under left wing authoritarianism on a traditional scale . 
  you 're being intentionally ignorant . 
  you ca n't possibly think that the government spending half your gdp is fiscally conservative ... this is mindblowing . 
  our cops are n't afraid to go there and they do n't cause riots by serving warrants . 
  what you should have touched on is us dumping somalian immigrants in minnesota and the rampant crime in the communities we placed them in . 
  to my knowledge the scs last posted their stats in 2014 . 
  and we saw in stockholm that the police are n't even supposed to be using ethnicity or rape to describe suspects to begin with so how can you defend that ? 
  and the poorest , most gun filled parts of america are the safest to be in so i 'm not sure what you 're getting at . 
  rural parts of america have extremely high concentrations of guns and are the poorest parts of america and they are incredibly safe . 
  wyoming has almost 200 guns per 1,000 people and it 's incredibly safe . 
  for sure but germany is 8 times bigger population wise than sweden . 
  sweden has been put under a microscope for awhile now and trump magnified it even farther so more people are taking notice naturally . 
  it 's the same in america . 
  everyone shits on chicago , and deservedly so , but the population centers are not indicative of the large majority of the country 's geographical area . 
  staying in one of a million suburbs in america would insulate you from any of that bullshit , not even counting the rural areas . 
  and we are 33 times larger than sweden haha . 
  state spending is what , 40 % of your gdp ? 
  even disregarding her more socially liberal stance that is much more fiscally liberal than conservative than nearly anyone in american politics save for ... bernie sanders ? 
  lol . 
  i do n't know why you 're talking about the refugee crisis . 
  i 'm talking about the open door policy of immigration that has sabotaged sweden . 
  the refugee impact is probably negligible , i do n't particularly care about that .
