  well that 's rude . 
  is there a north american sub ? 
  i imagine it would just be americans and canadians in constant pissing matches and mexico just kind of laughing at both of us . 
  really because here in america it 's the pro socialist/communist younger folk that have the romanticised view of socialism because they think it 's why europe is so successful . 
  they think europe is full of socialist countries when there is n't a single socialist country in europe , it 's definitely not whatever redneck stereotype you 're dreaming up that propagates this false view of european `` socialism '' , at least not by itself . 
  even bernie sanders refers to several euro countries as socialist to the point where denmark formally asked him to stop saying that . 
  taxes are not socialist . 
  you 're confusing little `` c '' communism with big `` c '' communism . 
  communism is the state controlling everything for the good of the people , communism is a literal communal society . 
  marx-kiddies like to conflate the two to prove a point or deflect criticism and critics conflate the two to piss in commies ' cheerios . 
  the mental gymnastics some europeans do to blame the political right for literally everything is ridiculous . 
  uh ... what ? 
  oh , did n't see your username . 
  right , the culture of immigration and immigrants as a whole is entirely different in the us . 
  i think this is why a lot of the troublemakers in europe are second generation immigrants . 
  they do n't get the extreme nationalist pride beaten into them so they feel like more of a separate group . 
  their parents are probably unemployed and they do n't get to be part of the country when they graduate school . 
  murica gets a lot of shit for brow beating nationalism but it 's why integration is so easy for immigrants here . 
  between the army , security and construction i 've worked with hundreds of immigrants and hispanic/east asian/west african immigrants are just fantastic to work with in my experience . 
  iranians too . 
  and i mean ... iranian women ... jesus . 
  unfortunately those jobs do require more than basic labor and take years to teach at least in the us . 
  plumbing especially can be some decent math and the government would have to subsidize the education of thousands of immigrants via paying off companies . 
  and european countries are smaller than the us , tons of trade jobs are n't there save for a few exceptions , it 's just not feasible in the long term . 
  what 's better , an unemployed immigrant or an unemployed electrician immigrant that used three times the tax dollars that the other guy used . 
  right , it 's vastly different culturally immigrating ( legally ) to the us . 
  even when you become a citizen there is a ceremony where you do the pledge of allegiance and such , it 's very powerful for a lot of people . 
  there was a story about a haitian immigrant going through westpoint officer school for the army and he was bawling his eyes out about how happy he was to be here . 
  the culture of immigrants is different because of the necessity to work and therefore integrate . 
  there are still lots of bad apples here but they are from one part of the world generally , at least in my experience . 
  and no , it 's not the middle east . 
  those jobs simply do n't exist in sweden though . 
  there are n't tons of factories or farms like in the us . 
  and even then the us could do without it , most people in poverty in the us are native white people . 
  here in america we love poles , they can come here all they want . 
  some of the best carpenters i 've ever met here in the us are polish immigrants oddly enough . 
  unlike those god damn italians , 
  oceans make pretty good walls my dude . 
  nowadays construction is n't really like that . 
  maybe strict laborer jobs like stripping forms or sweeping but carpentry requires a lot of skill , math and technical knowledge . 
  oh , well now i feel like a dick, 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  a 2007 pew research poll in response to a question on whether suicide bombing and other forms of violence against civilian targets to defend islam could be justified , [ 29 ] in europe : ( 36 vs 64 ) 64 % of muslims in france believed it could never be justified , 19 % believed it could be justified rarely , 10 % sometimes , and 6 % thought it could be justified often . 
  ( 30 vs 70 ) 70 % of muslims in britain believed it could never be justified , 9 % believed it could be justified rarely , 12 % sometimes , and 3 % thought it could be justified often . 
  ( 17 vs 83 ) 83 % of muslims in germany believed it could never be justified , 6 % believed it could be justified rarely , 6 % sometimes , and 1 % thought it could be justified often . 
  ( 31 vs 69 ) 69 % of muslims in spain believed it could never be justified , 9 % believed it could be justified rarely , 10 % sometimes , and 6 % thought it could be justified often . 
  in mainly muslim countries : ( 55 vs 45 ) 45 % of muslims in egypt believed it could never be justified , 25 % believed it could be justified rarely , 20 % sometimes , and 8 % thought it could be justified often . 
  ( 39 vs 61 ) 61 % of muslims in turkey believed it could never be justified , 9 % believed it could be justified rarely , 14 % sometimes , and 3 % thought it could be justified often . 
  ( 57 vs 43 ) 43 % of muslims in jordan believed it could never be justified , 28 % believed it could be justified rarely , 24 % sometimes , and 5 % thought it could be justified often . 
  ( 72 vs 28 ) 28 % of muslims in nigeria believed it could never be justified , 23 % believed it could be justified rarely , 38 % sometimes , and 8 % thought it could be justified often . 
  ( 31 vs 69 ) 69 % of muslims in pakistan believed it could never be justified , 8 % believed it could be justified rarely , 7 % sometimes , and 7 % thought it could be justified often . 
  ( 29 vs 71 ) 71 % of muslims in indonesia believed it could never be justified , 18 % believed it could be justified rarely , 8 % sometimes , and 2 % thought it could be justified often 2013 pew research center poll asked muslims around the world whether attacks on civilians were justified . 
  globally 72 % of muslims said violence against civilians is never justified , and in the us , 81 % of muslims opposed such violence . 
  about 14 % of muslims in the nations surveyed ( and 8 % of muslims in the us ) said violence against civilians is `` often '' or `` sometimes '' justified . 
  26 % of muslims in bangladesh believe attacks are either somewhat justified or often justified , 18 % in malaysia , 7 % in iraq , 15 % in jordan , 29 % in egypt , 39 % in afghanistan and 40 % in the palestinian territories . 
  [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ] the survey did not include some muslim nations , such as iran , saudi arabia , algeria , yemen , syria , and libya , but did include densely populated muslim countries such as pakistan , turkey , egypt , nigeria and indonesia . 
  [ 35 ] according to a 2007 poll conducted by the policyexchange think tank in britain , nearly 60 % said they would prefer to live under british law , while 37 % of 16 - to 24-year-olds said they would prefer sharia law , against 17 % of those over 55 . 
  [ 36 ] also 36 % of 16 - to 24-year-olds british muslims believed that those converting to another religion should be executed . 
  less than a fifth of those over 55 think so . 
  [ 37 ] i 'm a realist , not on islamophobe . 
  your ass backwards liberal islamophilia is even more dangerous than some retarded islamophobe redneck . 
  do n't forget all the bloody civil wars and murderous theocracies other colonies have had like canada and the us . 
   ten 's of thousands surely you mean ten 's of millions ? 
  almost 30 % of worldwide muslims support terrorism against civilians to varying extents , there are 1.2 billion muslims . 
   nobody is calling anyone a racist dude i barely post here and i myself have been called a racist at least a dozens times on this sub . 
  this is n't true . 
  they play both sides of the conflict . 
  sunni insurgents they armed killed over a thousand us troops in iraq and afghanistan , they also have tons of ties to al qaeda . 
  they see them as useful idiots . 
  because they support terror and only care about islamic tribalism in a strictly political capacity . 
  they supported sunni insurgents responsible for killing over 1100 us troops in the gwot . 
  the lines between the sects are followed by the common man but not by the people in power . 
  then they use the sects to deflect against stuff like this . 
  the islamic dictatorships are walking , squawking hypocrites pushed by terrorist organizations . 
  ironically , saudi arabia is the most willing ( besides iraq ) to let the us help and recently admitted to to how radical jihadists invaded their government . 
  this is why they are very happy with donald despite him pushing for energy independence from middle eastern oil . 
  trump likes your architecture for his buildings , come on over !, 
  it would be no different from every other day . 
  dude signs a bill to fund space exploration and all of a sudden people hate space . 
  why just saudi arabia ? 
  qatar and iran do the same thing , iran funds nearly every terrorist group in the world . 
  i mean , wikileaks confirmed all of his allegations really . 
  our entire establishment media structure was communicating with the hillary campaign and one of clinton 's largest donors is time warner , one of six media companies that controls nearly every american media outlet . 
  at this point the collusion and even extent of the collusion is pretty clear , one guy was emailing her campaign head begging him not to release the emails showing their relationship . 
  comparing islamo fascism to trump , wilders , le pen or even orban is fucking asinine . 
  none of those could ever become a true dictator , it would take a long time to undermine and destroy the system of checks and balances preventing them from full authoritarianism . 
  erdogan is not nearly as hindered . 
  if russia was really such an imminent threat , 24 of the 28 nato countries would pay their required 2 % gdp to defense . 
  it 's hard to buy the story that the russian wolf ( bear ? ), 
  is at the door when most of nato refuses to even fulfill their most base nato obligation . 
  shit , france needs what little military it has so they can deploy them on their own streets . 
  the russians are the kkk of europe , a whole lot of fear mongering over a now irrelevant group ( russia 's military budget is a tenth of the us ) in order to deflect from the pendulum swinging back to the right . 
  spooky doggos . 
  america is cheering with you . 
  i mean , some of the greatest foreign powers in history were totalitarian dictatorships . 
  probably most actually . 
  this whole democracy and freedom leading towards strong military power is a relatively new occurrence haha . 
  the west has spent years pushing birth control , abortion and shaming women for not staying home to raise a family . 
  then they import a bunch of uneducated people from stone age cultures that breed like rabbits and then start having to make public ad campaigns to encourage people to have sex . 
  comparing a legit islamo fascist to typical right wing politicians in the west is absolutely idiotic .
