  thanks dad for breaking up with that bitch of a step mom !, 
  i like you , sure you are n't american ? 
  this entire argument is based on the notion that europe has to be part of a federation just to not fucking kill each other . 
  how about just not killing each other ? 
  sounds like brits for the last 50 years at least . 
  the eu flair makes your post even better, 
  as much as it pains me to say it our army has this too . 
  ksk is military special forces correct ? 
  i did n't say them , i 've only trained with the boots, 
  it was entirely intended and tongue in cheek , do n't worry . 
  we love poles but they are n't exactly known for heroism outside kg their country lol, 
  i just simply do n't think that 's going to happen unless europe forms some massive federation . 
  the uk leaving would help germany , france and italy reach that goal . 
  yeah , so ? 
  you mean the eu does n't want the theocratic hell scape you 've made ? 
  the successors and descendants of warmongering muslims and world class slavers ? 
  why compete with the us ? 
  do you mean militarily , culturally or economically ? 
  i do n't get this need to compete with us , we love europe . 
  the estonians and canadians were much quicker to grasp concepts is all i 'm going to say haha, 
  leave the eu and let us annex western europe so we can be neighbors , 
  and yet a pack with extreme ideological differences will collapse as soon as the immediate threat is neutralized . 
  a common enemy only unites for a time , then the polarizing issues reappear . 
  world war 2 leading to the cold war . 
  you can have the end goal of peace on earth but realize it 's not going to happen . 
  it 's called being realistic in english . 
  to borrow one of your phrases , you 'd be daft to think that the end game of the eu is not to consolidate power into a federation , erasing all sovereignty . 
  this is why americans looking on support brexit by a huge margin , sacrificing your sovereignty and allowing yourselves to be bullied and fearmongered into staying is absolutely ludicrous . 
  this goes for every country in the eu . 
  autonomy and national identity will be eroded until the eu entirely consolidates power and then you 're fucked . 
  eastern europe is ideologically opposed to much of the policies of germany and france particularly with immigration . 
  they ca n't leave though because of fears that russia will gobble them up . 
  it 's either accept the totalitarian federation that the eu will become or put yourself in russia 's path . 
  i 'd take my shot at leaving , uniting with the rest of eastern europe and any other leave countries as well as strengthening ties with other western allies like the us and then watch the eu devolve into bureaucratic deficiency and orwellian nightmare . 
  their military forces that i cross trained with were not nearly as impressive as their police special forces . 
  that was the reason for my original post . 
  it 's why we love poland . 
  a nation that ca n't control itself ? 
  like the notoriously corrupt romania ? 
  turkey can control itself just fine . 
  and what about the eu member states that openly defy the eu like the uk on schengen and the euro or hungary with it 's border fence ? 
  and would n't letting a notoriously defiant member state like the uk leave be a good thing for the eu in the sense that they will be more united in their ideals ? 
  there are a few non eu european countries that still deal with the eu to great effect , why the sky is falling nonsense ? 
  and again , this need for organization should be satisfied by your country 's elected officials . 
  i have military experience and am a lead on a construction site , i fully realize the structure you 're talking about . 
  why not just bring everyone into the eu then ? 
  literally everyone ? 
  turkey with it 's few million isis supporters or russia which is inviting the wolf to dinner with sheep . 
  you can be a continent of individual nations without resorting to killing each other . 
  all throughout history europe has welcomed and bowed to tyrants and your responses are explaining why . 
  you can work together without sacrificing . 
  why is this being lost on you people ? 
  if you ca n't coexist with your neighbors without a giant bureaucracy keeping you together at the expense of every involved state 's sovereignty that speaks volumes of your country . 
  honestly i do n't think i can . 
  do n't forget oregon and texas . 
  california only exists because it feeds off of the other states and is in debt to our federal government by a trillion dollars lol . 
  14 year old swedish bernie phonebanker checking in !, 
  was speaking more in general . 
  and most nato countries do n't fulfill their obligations , namely the 2 % of gdp spending that is required . 
  do n't let them tease you poland . 
  americans love poland . 
  rise up and be the lions of europe that we need . 
  we thank you for being one of the extremely few nato countries fulfilling your pledge and actually pulling your weight . 
  how much you have to give is not as important as how much you are willing to give . 
  my point is though ... what 's the point ? 
  why not just keep everyone autonomous but have a strictly economic union ? 
  why bring politics and sweeping legislation into it ? 
  bureaucratic over regulation is wreaking havoc in america , i 'm just not seeing the appeal . 
  why not just make a full blown federation at this point ? 
  uh , globalist politicians are okay with giving up certain powers in order to defer to a larger governing body . 
  the un is a good example , nato too , even if no one actually follows nato . 
  is n't support for joining the eu falling in norway still as well ? 
  like 27 % ? 
  because we are all united by the constitution and under one singular representative government . 
  we share much more in common with each other than states within the eu do , we 've been together for over two hundred years . 
  are n't there european countries that take part in the singular market of the eu . 
  but the smaller impact government has on the lives of private citizens , the less likely the chance of the government stepping on the toes of its people . 
  hungary building their border fence was in defiance of the eu but it obviously echoes the sentiments of their people and has worked extremely well . 
  i just do n't understand the need for a union past some trade deals and a defensive pact . 
  then why not just have everyone separate but encourage various trade deals between the nation states and have defensive pacts in the case of foreign invasion ? 
  i do n't understand the need for more bureaucracy and big government . 
  you 're acting like no one has levied the same criticisms at the un or nato before . 
  the un should also not be the gold standard here . 
  autonomy , self-determination . 
  it does n't matter what word or words are used . 
  not being in control of your own democratic country is fucking horrifying . 
  uhhhhhh . 
  you 're giving me a ton of insight into the mindset of remain supporters . 
  the fuck . 
  obviously . 
  i just mean that the citizens direct input on the politics of their own country is diminished . 
  other countries deciding on policy effecting your country is violation of sovereignty . 
  right , the ministers are the executive branch and parliament is the legislative , correct ? 
  that 's like saying the president of the us ca n't write and push laws himself . 
  sure , not on paper , but he still does it and it 's just business as usual . 
  yeah , does n't this graph coincide with many avenues of entry closing like macedonia and hungary 's fence ? 
  it 's like a perfect correlation . 
  kind of just shows that blocking people from entering is working extremely well . 
  trump would dance if he saw this . 
  by the entire eu as a whole ?
