  it was a segment showing several incidents in sweden like the reuters news crew being attacked in malmo . 
  again , i do n't know if it 's the language barrier but him asking if they saw it is pretty standard english . 
  you 're debating completely inconsequential bullshit . 
  nothing happened in sweden , he 's clearly referring to the segment which he admits to watching . 
  what ? 
  you 're completely grasping at straws here . 
  you 're implying he made up a terror attack with millions of people watching because ... ? 
  this is just getting stupid , i do n't know if it 's the language barrier but he says nothing about terror attack in sweden . 
  the other terror attacks were related to immigration which was the theme of this part of the speech . 
  the vast majority of our violence is perpetrated by gangs . 
  i , in no way , said america was perfect and i do n't deny any of this . 
  failed drug policy and turning a blind eye to illegal immigration has spiked our crime but it 's solely the fault if a persistent gang culture . 
  and no , the uk has a higher violent crime rate than the us , nice try though . 
  we incarcerate a ton of people because we have stricter laws , sucks . 
  instead of canada , who let 's people walk free after they decapitate someone on a bus we throw them in jail . 
  we have a massive illegal immigration problem caused by weak presidents that is responsible for massive amounts of violence . 
  we have hundreds of millions more people than you , of course we have more crimes dumbass . 
  you 're cherry picking massive gang hubs that have a fraction of the us population and comparing them to your country . 
  that 's fucking hilarious . 
  their criteria is different , sure . 
  but the oslo police show 80 % of actual penetrative rapes are committed by migrants , this parallels the same findings in sweden with 77 % . 
  even using sweden 's broad definition they 're still having massive issues because using the sane definition for both groups , the migrant populations are committing massive disproportionate amounts of crime . 
  no , it 's a call to stop letting global interests take precedence over american ones . 
  we 're still the dominant driving force , we just need to work to keep it that way . 
  the part you just edited in ? 
  and to say they 're `` wrong '' is pretty funny . 
  tucker was an ultra liberal investigative reporter a few years ago and broke massive international stories . 
  do you deny that 80 % of your rapes are perpetrated by non sweden born immigrants ? 
  do you deny the hundreds of grenade attacks in public places ? 
  the massive spike in crime directly correlating with mass immigration ? 
  the huge amount of unemployment exhibited by immigrants in your country ? 
  when you 're an immigrant in america you come here to work , not to steal . 
  that is why america has the best immigrant population . 
  did the giant american flag flair next to my name give me away ? 
  i 'd argue i 'm more informed than you . 
  your anecdotal evidence means nothing . 
  http://www.heraldsun.com.au/blogs/andrew-bolt/all-reported-rapes-in-oslo-by-foreigners-police/news-story/15145ecd2d4b6183342dc90032ccebf6 you ca n't employ them without making government jobs for them , you ca n't keep them from throwing fucking grenades in public places and you ca n't keep them from raping people . 
  did n't one of your courts just rule a 14 year old girl 's marriage to a 21 year old man is legit ? 
  are you people insane ? 
  he speaks english , he just moves quickly between topics . 
  this is a 70 year old grandpa at a rally for his voters with no notes or teleprompter or anything . 
  it 's refreshing compared to obama who stuttered anytime he had to speak off the cuff . 
  of course i voted trump , he 's a legit genius , a legendary businessman and loves our country more than anything . 
  he 's a 70 year old billionaire married to a super model with a beautiful family . 
  and he subjected himself to one of the most brutal presidential campaigns ever , fighting the entire government establishment , corporate media and several large industries . 
  clinton is a career criminal , a corrupt witch and a warmongering globalist that is only beholden to the defense industry , the pharmaceutical industry and the media , her largest donors . 
  you think iceland drives the western world dude . 
  canada is begging the us for a pipeline that obama blocked and trump restarted . 
  this is just sad , it 's delusional . 
  i love those dudes . 
  what an ironic turn of events that would be though . 
  yesterday there was a segment on a very popular tv show about sweden 's massive immigrant and refugee crime wave . 
  this is what he is referring to . 
  the commentator is extremely popular so his fans ( the crowd he was talking to ) most definitely saw it . 
  trump just uses sentence fragments a lot and gets caught up in the moment so it can be hard to keep up . 
  he did n't talk about an incident at all , he 's talking about tucker carlson 's segment on sweden that aired the 17th . 
  he , in no way , talks about a terror attack . 
  he 's referring to a segment done by a very popular fox commentator that aired the previous night by the name of tucker carlson regarding the massive amounts of sexual assault and other crimes committed throughout sweden since their mass immigration boner . 
  he also touched on muslims being 12 % of france 's population but 70 % of their incarcerated . 
  the eu can only survive if it capitulates to trump . 
  if france elects le pen and the netherlands elects wilders the eu is doomed . 
  it will be just germany and their slave labor countries . 
  the us is more capable of protecting eastern europe than the eu and to think anything else is foolish . 
  poland is next . 
  to think that the us is n't still the leader of the world is an absolute joke . 
  you 're incredibly arrogant to think any country but the us is currently capable of leading the western world . 
  to say that denmark or finland are leaders moreso than the us is laughable and is obviously a symptom of some kind of eurocentruc fantasy you 've dreamed up in your head . 
  germany is the only country in your list with any kind of political clout on the global stage and it 's stilled dwarfed by the us . 
  european countries are fine . 
  i fundamentally disagree with the eu and you shits need to pay your way in nato but besides that we do n't even think about the rest of you . 
  any member state leaving the eu to become closer to america will be rewarded as you 're about to see with the uk . 
  your dream of a unified , utopian europe is foolish and is about to crash down . 
  all of you together are still barely a military power , japan dwarfs nearly all of you . 
  japan and the us dominate un funding and influence as well . 
  you exist at our sufferance , that is american exceptionalism . 
  trudeau is going to be ousted , he 's a complete moron . 
  the uk is leaving the eu for greener pastures ( the us ) and right wing patriotism is springing throughout europe following trump 's election . 
  sit . 
  down . 
  oh christ . 
  someone who is n't an idiot in this thread ? 
  color me shocked . 
  this is ridiculous , he did n't say anything about terror . 
  he 's talking about immigration . 
  you guys are being intentionally retarded i 'm convinced . 
  or , he did n't say anything about a terror attack . 
  he was talking about unchecked immigration and this thread is getting played like fiddles . 
  this is why he attacks the media , they 're literally lying to millions of people . 
  except he never said anything about a terror attack . 
  this is why he attacks the media , he was talking about the dangers of unchecked immigration . 
  at no point does he say anything about a terror attack . 
  if you think full automation will take place in 5 years you 're high off your ass . 
  do not be like america , we turned a blind eye to 11 million illegal immigrants entering our country because big business wanted cheap labor and liberals wanted votes . 
  the prisons are full of them , they have no car insurance so if they hit you you 're on the hook and they have no medical insurance so they get treated at hospitals with tax money . 
  they take massive amounts of jobs especially from poor inner city communities , it 's why african american men have a 50 % unemployment rate . 
  not . 
  make . 
  the . 
  same . 
  mistakes .
