  why ca n't we just stone women to death right ? 
  the ignorance is astounding here . 
  a country that openly hates the western world and jockeys suicide bombers into crowds in israel while arming every terror group on the planet is nothing compared to us . 
  right , but iran is completely open about it and has a branch of their military dedicated to it . 
  we ca n't help saudi arabia root out salafi extremist officials in their government if we keep them at arm 's length . 
  what 's his goal though ? 
  his first goal was crushing globalist influence and control over the us . 
  now it 's to make america better without selling ourselves out to others . 
  he 's a businessman , the only business that benefits from war is the arms industry and they threw their cash behind hillary very , very early for a reason . 
  i 'm from a big west coast city , you have to develop a love for persian girls . 
  russia is n't gon na fuck up china in defense of ` nam , the us would . 
  we saw that we did n't actually stage the coup though . 
  declassified cia docs show we did n't even know what was going on haha . 
  the fact that europeans prefer the previous three administrations to the current one is deeply troubling . 
  the us foreign policy disaster machine of the past few decades is finally getting a massive shake up and we should all be cheering it . 
  hillary in particular has been the driving force behind some of our worst global fuckups over the past few decades . 
  trust me , by electing trump i hope it means americans are waking up to that piece of shit soros too . 
  the only country that fields servicemen comparable to the uk is israel . 
  it 's like an entire military made of us marines . 
  brit soldiers are fucking pitbulls . 
  when lee rigby was killed i was with my unit watching the video and we lost our shit . 
  of our three closest allies throughout history ( uk , france and israel ) you 're our most important . 
  we drank to brexit with some brit soldiers that were training with us . 
  we host your boys all the time . 
  they can definitely drink better than the japanese but the koreans beat everyone . 
  it 's popular to hate the us here too , it 's the ultimate virtue signal . 
  however i was in patras , athens and a few smaller cities and most people were really friendly towards my obviously american self . 
  the country folk were more cordial but i chalked that up to city people everywhere being more liberal/mean spirited to begin with . 
  this was a few years ago though . 
  russian and us interests are the most aligned they 've been since ww2 . 
  it 's not the end of the world if the us and russia team up , there are far more pressing issues . 
  syria , yemen and iran need to be handled first . 
  right , because obama/bush foreign policy was the stuff of storybooks . 
  someone should make a picture book out of it , ca n't wait to see the beautiful illustrations of a thousand drone strikes blowing up families or hillary cackling while she topples governments . 
  they fund almost every terror group in the world ... 
  i ca n't imagine how anyone can pick anything but the us , russia or iran . 
  the first two are the most influential/powerful , iran is a rogue nation responsible for the deaths of over a thousand us troops , the assassination of a prime minister and subversive elements in countries all throughout asia and africa . 
  iran arms and trains every asian and north african terror group . 
  you 're a wholly misguided and ignorant child . 
  you think it 's just the us they attack ? 
  you live in our sphere of influence at our sufferance . 
  even if you live in some third world shithole . 
  you mean nothing . 
  i had to look twice , i was genuinely curious about portugal 's possible threats to world stability . 
  a romanian , resident of one of the most corrupt governments in the world , is calling our government stupid . 
  why do n't you worry about your own country there little fella , we will handle the big picture . 
  iran is the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world . 
  i welcome the day they try to attack israel instead of cowardly rocket and suicide bomb attacks against civilians . 
  they will be utterly destroyed . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  they fund non shia groups as well , they fund virtually every terror group in asia and north africa . 
  their proxies killed at least 1100 us troops in iraq , in the 80 's they blew up 300 americans in beirut etc etc. 
  it 's the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world . 
  they train , arm and fund most terror groups on the planet from al qaeda and the pli to the japanese red army . 
  their stability does n't really matter when they assassinate prime ministers , blow up embassies and are just shitheads in general . 
  i 'm an army infantryman so that whole `` you do n't know '' shit does n't really work . 
  and i do n't know how you can defend the uk 's draconian speech laws , that 's like someone defending our patriot act . 
  it 's a joke , surely ? 
  they 're over represented because that 's the only way they could possibly have a say in anything . 
  cities tend to be monolithic in culture and ideas , 90 % of the country 's landmass should be considered . 
  this is all we have to go on though . 
  more often than not the `` moderate '' muslims may not be the ones chopping off heads and throwing gays off rooftops but they are standing by and watching . 
  in america we 've had the spouses of terrorists radicalising them and even being accomplices . 
  how do you combat that ? 
  and what are you on about , europe has tons of draconian legislation against `` hate speech '' which is stupidly arbitrary to begin with . 
  americans regularly gasp when we hear some of the shit you guys lock people up for . 
   strong central power and limited individual freedom the first fucking sentence . 
  that is exactly what it would be , it 's just authority by mob rule instead of a single dictator . 
  i know , i 've heard the horror stories of places like edinburgh . 
  rampant welfare and drug abuse . 
  christ . 
  it 's funny because just four years ago liberals in our country were in love with the electoral college . 
  there were some of them who thought trump would win the popular vote but taunted us that he would never win the electoral college because it was `` meant to stop people like him '' . 
  you see how that turned out . 
  there simply is no better way for us to function . 
  it 's a wonderful system . 
  they should n't be feeling unheard . 
  their voices were heard , they were just all saying the same thing and alienated every white and middle class person in the country . 
  i never said all of them do . 
  i said statistically a few hundred million do . 
  and here , `` a 2013 pew research center poll asked muslims around the world whether attacks on civilians were justified . 
  globally 72 % of muslims said violence against civilians is never justified ... '' right from the page . 
  so ... using math ... that means 28 % of correspondents believe it can be justified . 
  as a brit , how do you feel about only 70 % of british muslims being opposed to terrorism ? 
  how do you feel about a fifth of british muslims sympathizing with the 7/7 bombers ? 
  come on dude . 
  i believe you 're a genuinely good person who wants to help people , purely out of the kindness of your heart . 
  however , when you start sacrificing your friends and family for strangers that occasionally want to shoot you or run you over or blow you up you realize how your goal is n't achievable . 
  my family heritage is entirely welsh , english , french and a whole heap of scottish . 
  my dad named me after the movie character . 
  do n't worry , trump will embolden different flavors of right wing politics across europe . 
  scotland is one of the few places where a strong classical liberal ( american term ) party could form . 
  we are n't a direct democracy , the popular vote means nothing . 
  it 's entirely symbolic . 
  we are a republic , we vote for people to represent us . 
  the electoral college exists so california does n't decide every election . 
  it 's the best way to make sure more diverse viewpoints are heard instead of massive group think population centers trampling everyone else . 
  haha , i 'm entirely anglo ethnically . 
  i have n't a drop of potato blood in me . 
  i just prefer peace and trade over simmering hostilities waiting to explode at any moment .
