  we work harder and make more money so we have less free time . 
  he was referring to a segment from investigative reporter turned american sweetheart tucker carlson that aired the previous night . 
  you should watch it . 
  t_d is just beautiful at times like this . 
  not necessarily . 
  it 's american born black people that are much worse than even swedish immigrants . 
  they 're a small 12 % of our population and commit 50 % of all violent crime . 
  it 's pretty fucking insane . 
  however , the plights of the black community in america are also directly caused by several factors , chief among them being illegal immigration . 
  all the low skill jobs are taken by a never ending supply of cheap illegals keeping american black people from any kind of economic mobility . 
  however the us is thirty three times larger than sweden and yet , including all sexual assaults in america , we only had three times as many cases as sweden did in 2014 . 
  that 's absurd . 
  and we do n't have to cover up and hide our crime stats when they do n't agree with our politics . 
  obama deported 3 million people for a reason . 
  stockholm had massive riots after a machete wielding man charged cops and got shot a few years ago . 
  stockholm sucks too . 
  as much as i 've been shitting on sweden ( along with my president ) there used to be parts of los angeles where the police did n't go into . 
  however , ice ( immigration enforcement ) went nuts and deported hundreds and even thousands of people from these areas . 
  sometimes you need to take a sober look at these problems , crack skulls and kick them the fuck out . 
  the rest of europe needs to close it 's borders with sweden and let it fall . 
  if this is not contained and they continue on this path they will destroy europe . 
  it 's the same in america . 
  the poorest communities are not in the cities , they 're rural areas . 
  they do n't have plumbing , their floors are made out of dirt and there is n't a dentist for 50 miles . 
  these are the safest places in america and they 're 100 % beautiful , american born rednecks . 
  and the funny part is it 's socially acceptable to shit on these people , who actually do something with nothing while you ca n't say anything about people in public housing . 
  yeah , that 's what happens when you take in a ton of immigrants but then let them all congregate together in shitty social housing . 
  they need to be spread out or they form parallel societies outside of the law and social order . 
  even america fucks this up sometimes . 
  we put a bunch of somalis in minnesota , a cold frozen rural state , and they stab and rape all the time . 
  i thought malmo was a decent sized city for sweden ? 
  i see more shit about malmo than anywhere else . 
  after the coverup failed when a bunch of women got assaulted at the previous festival . 
  some swedes formed a vigilante group a couple years ago since the cops do n't do anything . 
  a bunch of them were arrested promptly . 
  watch the videos of recent protester run ins with the portland , oregon swat team . 
  the international community shits on american police for being rough but it 's beautiful watching them take out hippie idiots . 
  and running away emboldens them to riot more because it 's a viable option for getting their way and intimidating the cops . 
  this is a joke . 
  this is the same argument that people say anti extremist regulations make more extremists . 
  if perfectly sensible regulations and self defense makes people turn to terrorism then they need to be killed or deported . 
  plain and simple . 
  if the community can not handle perfectly sensible self defense killing a violent shit head in their community then they should all be deported . 
  shooting to kill is necessary in many cases . 
  i 've been arguing for two days in this sub with people vehemently denying any problem with it . 
  even just taking a non biased , centrist view on it is apparently racist . 
  by all means , come to american social housing ( called projects ) , i was a night security guard at one . 
  fighting nearly every night for shit pay . 
  it 's like 85 % somalian that 's not even diverse !, 
  hahaha . 
  it 's just a parallel society . 
  it 's segregation . 
  this is fucking beautiful . 
  lol , not a single fact has been debunked . 
  you must be joking , surely ? 
  the definition of rape being broader does n't mean anything when i combined rape and all sexual assault to sweden 's `` rape '' . 
  three times the sexual assault cases in the us but it 's 33 times bigger . 
  if you could do basic math you 'd be able to discern how much of an issue that is . 
  europeans are supposed to be smart , you 're doing your continent a disservice . 
  here 's a good post on t_d from a non trump supporter and a swede : https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/5vb13p/im_a_swede_here_are_some_statistics_regarding/, 
  populations are on google and the rape numbers are cited multiple times in my comments . 
  hate me and what i say all you want , i 'm still right . 
  wikipedia shows washington at 2.5 , in 2010 it was actually lower at 2.3 . 
  sweden being at a flat 2 . 
  new hampshire is all the way down at 0.9 for 2014 so i 'm not sure how that 's `` on par '' with sweden which is a full point higher . 
  washington has n't been at 3.0 or above for over ten years either . 
  seattle ( largest city in washington state ) had only 3.4 murders per 100000 while being twice as large as malmo . 
  san diego , a city with 1.4 million people . 
  had just 2.6 . 
  and furthermore , if you look at my other comments you 'll see me crunching the numbers comparing the amount of sex crimes between the two countries . 
  it 's shocking . 
  even comparing our rape and sexual assault together to the swedish definition of rape we see three times more cases in the us while the us is 33 times bigger . 
  that implies a massive difference in the sexual assault ratios between the countries . 
  and has already been discussed , rape and sexual assault are overwhelmingly committed by migrants in norway , finland and denmark , probably in france and germany too . 
  the first 3 are geographically and culturally comparable and thanks to non convoluted and repressive reporting of crime stats we can see who 's at fault . 
  so unless you 're implying norway , finland and denmark are getting only bad migrants while sweden is getting only good ones you can see the massive uptick in violent crime , particularly rape , is to be laid at the feet of the idiot politicians who sold sweden out . 
  half of the `` negatives '' are what we pay for the 10 % lower unemployment and 30 % more cash . 
  i 'd rather die 2 years earlier and pay money for healthcare ( though i 'm a vet so it 's a moot point to begin with ) and live comfortably and financially free than the inverse . 
  i voluntarily work at least 60 hours a week , i thoroughly enjoy it . 
  and comparing crime rates to the entire us is pretty silly . 
  say , compare sweden to my state of washington . 
  sweden has about 2 million more people ( ~ 7 to ~ 9.4 ) and the murder rate is extremely similar . 
  we put more criminals in jail , i do n't understand how that is a bad thing . 
  there are citations within the page . 
  scroll to the `` victim survey '' part . 
  i actually did , check both wikipedia links and i 'll even get the norway and finland stats for you as well . 
  you 've responded with nothing but hostility to your views being challenged . 
  your insecurity is obvious and the moral high ground you europeans try to take is crumbling . 
  finland : https://www.suomenuutiset.fi/maahanmuuttajien-rikollisuustaso-kantavaestoa-korkeampi/ norway : http://www.heraldsun.com.au/blogs/andrew-bolt/all-reported-rapes-in-oslo-by-foreigners-police/news-story/15145ecd2d4b6183342dc90032ccebf6?nk=9575c452df4ca5aac72269062da38b04-1475617393 denmark : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime also for some of the other stats . 
  all i did was add more to the post , i did not change the original first paragraph in any way , it still totally invalidates your reply . 
  i 'm not moving the goalposts , what are you even talking about ? 
  sweden has a massive rape problem not only compared to itself in previous years , but even to other similar countries and even the us . 
  you claim t_d posters are hated and yet when confronted with mounds of statistical evidence , even taking your caveats into account , showing how incredibly wrong you are you respond with deflection and intellectual cowardice . 
  i 'm using very simple math in showing you this problem and you completely disregard it with some emotionally charged deflection saying that since i post on t_d my unbiased numbers are now corrupt . 
  this is why no one takes you seriously . 
  pray for geert 30 %, 
  i touched on the difference in definitions multiple times . 
  you 're just flat out ignoring that . 
  i compared all sexual assault claims ( which is a much broader term than rape in the us and is comparable to sweden 's `` rape '' definition ) between the two countries and showed sweden has a massive rate of sexual assault compared to the us . 
  there could be twenty times more cases reported in sweden and it would still dwarf the us ' rate .
