bunch of leeching cowards . 
  yes . 
  if nothing helps , you shoot them . 
  you ca n't let them strom your house and do nothing . 
  no hard evidence . 
  i repeat again . 
  it 's war . 
  civilians die . 
  being a warcriminal depends only on which side you are . 
  no one calls hiroshima , nagasaki , tokyo and dresden bombings a genocide , even when they really were . 
  so just stfu . 
  what you want for syria is a tribal , terrorist infested shithole like libya . 
  you idiots learn nothing and always support the wrong people . 
  well at least they do n't wage wars based on lies and one sided viewpoints . 
  care for your own people . 
  germany has many poor and homeless . 
  yet leftist trash feels more inclined to help some people from the other side of the globe . 
  all for a bit of good pr . 
  ah , forgot you people preffer to ignore your own problems and atrocities . 
  i just use proper terms . 
  they go to western europe , because you are stupid and give money for free to people who do n't deserve it , who do n't contribute , assimilate and treat your culture with disdain . 
  all the wealth developed by your previous generations is being wasted , for some stupid leftist ideals . 
  arab spring ? 
  democracy ? 
  please ... 
  they were the same aggressive trash as in libya . 
  worked out great for them , no ? 
  libya is a democratic paradise now , yes ? 
  provide proof of orders to target civilians , proof of using chemical weapons . 
  this is unconfirmed bs by biased media . 
  there are no weapons of mass destruction in the syrian conflict , bombs are not weapons of mass destruction . 
  how can you still belive what the media tell , they only repeat government propaganda :d to this day saddam 's supposed chemical stockpiles were not found . 
  it was just a lie to justify an assault . 
  ahaha so now this is your scapegoat for everything . 
  bots , lots of them . 
  you are so fucking delusional it 's not even funny . 
  `` far-right parties ( thus weakening western states ) '' `` assad grade-a war criminal . '', 
  topkek . 
  so far the only thing that weakens europe is left wing scum . 
  you ca n't even deal with immigrants . 
  you do n't have the balls to make any hard decision . 
  you preffer to wait and hope things will work out . 
  it 's war . 
  you realize it , yes ? 
  you know it 's only natural it takes place in cities and there is no other way than to bomb them , right ? 
  i mean , you ca n't be so fucking stupid ? 
  how can you say he bombs his citizens ? 
  in a tone implying he does it deliberatly out of joy . 
  you think if there was a civil war in your country the bombs would magically not kill any non combatants ? 
  even coalition strikes kill civilians and those are super precise weapons . 
  yeah . 
  he 's a bad guy for defending against terrorists . 
  westerners are fucked up in the head . 
  dayuuum , so brainwashed . 
  you forgot to mention he eats babies for dinner . 
  the 2-5 , 5 years is probably the max sentence for physical assault written in their law . 
  she 'll probably pay a fine at most . 
  if not then , sorry , but it 's retarded shit . 
  do n't know how 's weather in russia but in poland it 's cold and a bit rainy . 
  yup . 
  poles too stupid . 
  preffer socialism and empty leftist slogans . 
  hehe murican bitch lecturing about dehumanization . 
  axis of evil anyone ? 
  yes . 
  there are many reports of subhuman muslims using their childrens life as leverage to enter the eu . 
  are blind fucker ? 
  or do you only see what you want to see ? 
  leave them to their own naive reality . 
  there was n't a war without war crimes . 
  sure mate . 
  belive what you want to belive . 
  you 're wrong . 
  yes , yes , they just snuck random `` protesters '' from the streets and tortured them . 
  they said kaddafi gave his soldiers condoms to rape people . 
  you belived that too ? 
  also guantanamo . 
  barrel bombs are a weapon like any other . 
  they use what they can to kill trash . 
  civilians die in every war . 
  sad but unavoidable . 
  they do n't have access to precise weapons , and even coaliton strikes kill many civilians . 
  haha , no . 
  or do you consider bush , obama , blair war criminals too ? 
  it 's the same in poland . 
  two main parties use the mass media to crush any political opponent or person who has different views than the main propaganda line . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  democracy is shit , it always was shit . 
  just kick the muslims out . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  start thinking about your own people and not damn immigrants . 
  it 's amusing as hell . 
  it only shows how fucking stupid you people are . 
  `` uneducated '' , funny coming from a brit . 
  if uneducated people take away your job then who the fuck are you ? 
  lazy pussies . 
  sure it was a bad decision to join a bunch of hypocritical backstabbers . 
  hungary deals with them and all they get is criticism from leftist propaganda tubes . 
  they should just kick them out and use the army to shoot anyone illegally passing the border which is something i hope orban will do if the situation worsens , but right now they ca n't because hurr durr why are you protecting your borders !, 
  stupid germans , france and italians do n't give a shit about protecting the eu borders , they take everyone in , all that scum that wont integrate and which treatens to kill thier children if they 're not allowed to get in .
