  also . 
  `` rewrite '' and `` this is my first fanfic '' or `` do n't like do n't read, 
  in a badly written fic that i ca n't believe is a crackfic, 
  unfortunately i must agree.it 's repetive . 
  i disagree , i wo n't say it aloud because of spoilers for potential readers . 
  it 's a story very centered on its characters . 
  if someone is looking for an action filled fic or a ` hey , we must marry , lets fuckl ' they should read another fic instead, 
  present . 
  supporting of harry and skeptical but never hostile to daphne . 
  no bashing neither ron , hermione , molly , dumbledore nor snape . 
  not even malfoy , although he 's not a good guy . 
  there 's no bashing in this fic . 
  like most couples irl . 
  yelling , awkward explanations and maybe some insults . 
  perhaps harry 'd sleep in the couch or in a friend 's house ( a weasley house possible but unlikely ), 
  they 've moved to america / s, 
  this sounds like a shitty plot fot a harmony fic . 
  i 'd read it though, 
  although i really like some hapne stories , we 've got to admit that she 's practically an oc with a canon name . 
  linkffn ( 5483280 ), 
  as i understand it , she is used as an oc who 's the pureblood slytherin that can get close to harry and show him a different world . 
  she 's grown in the fandom as her own character : the beautiful ice queen . 
  she 's got an awesome name and she can be used as an example of the good slytherin . 
  cunning , ambitious but not evil , not necessarily blood supremacits or voldemort 's blind followers , like pansy or malfoy . 
  i like some stories with her , yet i never forget that she 's just a very interesting common oc . 
  unfortunately her stories usually have a lot of gryffindor bashing and ridiculous tropes ( that some times have been done right , after all tropea are tools ) like marriage contracts , goblins , lord potter black slytherin . 
  background but very very important role in linkffn ( hail odysseus ), 
  i found you . 
  thank you for recommending this fic . 
  although you killed my weekend . 
  i 'd give you gold if i were n't poor . 
  really ?? 
  op , jpaolo , los torta and yaddar have the most recognizable styles . 
  perhaps op wants a fic where umbridge is recongnized as good ( ? ), 
  terrible headmaster dumbledore is canon . 
  i 'd gladly help but i do n't live in the us . 
  there 's nothing i can you except help you share the message, 
  harry was kidnapped and raised by grindewald . 
  appears in canon 7th year and is sorted into slytherin . 
  also slowburn love with slytherin ginevra whose very hated by her own family . 
  you 're right . 
  every time some post a question about something a new fic comes up . 
  that 's why i check them all, 
  the second one is the reason the fics repeat so much . 
  i like snily . 
  yet the fics are almost the same in all the times the question is asked because it 's a rare pairing not liked by everyone and if we read the fics most of them suck, 
  please do . 
  y eso es legal en venezuela se\u00f1or chairo ? 
  i 've seen through your lies , you are n't a real gringo but an alien ` latinxs ' , that 's the reason your english is bad . / s, 
  there was a harry/hernione where they become faster and closer friends before dating but she told her parents about the things that happend at hogwarts and her father wanted to snap her wand . 
  they ended up divorced sometime after hermione ran way with harry to the leaky cauldron . 
  ca n't remember the name . 
  i dropped it after harmony got married in 3rd or 4th year . 
  perhaps this one will fit your request . 
  linkffn ( 9673766 ), 
  laika made it to space . 
  the very first earth lifeform outside our planet . 
  but she did n't returned alive to her home in the ussr . 
  lily travels to the future and then to the past in linkffn ( ananke ), 
  edit : my comment was posted twice . 
  i deleted one of them, 
  i fucking lost all the wall of text that i wrote . 
  sorry had to say it , anyway back on topic, 
  the legacy is probably the best hapne out there , it contains a very slowburn but really believable romance between those two . 
  covers from the 5th year holiday vacations to a few days before the final battle . 
  it avoids the cliches an puts in a good light characters like molly , dumbledore , snape and even the evil malfoy . 
  it does have action but it focuses on the characters development . 
  a 700k words monstrosity that imho is truly worth it . 
  it has n't had an update in a year , but i have n't lost hope . 
  if you think its too much . 
  pm me for a full list of spoilers . 
  linkffn ( 9774121 ), 
  the classic contractual invalidations linkffn ( 11697407 ) harry agrees to 5 dates with the ice lady before invalidating their contract . 
  there 's another worthy hapne . 
  `` the lies that bind '' , one where she is indeed evil and sold him to voldemort , but they got together at the end in very unique circumstances ... linkffn ( 6245561 ), 
  there are too few harry/parkinson , i 'm not sure if this fics will comply with the word count : a smutty harry parkinson as employees of the ministry linkffn ( parkinson 's knickers ( or lack of thereof ) ), 
  the story of potter 's love for pansy , and all the suffering that it ensued , borderline crackfic . 
  linkffn ( 2925850 ), 
  sunburn protection in scotland ?!, 
  ... come on, 
  only in america you 'd see someone who claims to be italian , and does n't speak the language , follow the traditions or even been in italy . 
  technically marfusha along many other dogs had only sub orbital flight, 
  tiffany trump deserves an apology . 
  comparing her with the quebecois . 
  shame on you !, 
  i feel conflicted towards him . 
  he 's one of my favorite characters , yet it 's very difficult to defend . 
  he had a very hard life his parents as far as we know probably were n't very nice to him , he was poor , lost his only friend because he said something racist in a terrible moment , he was bullied by four assholes because he existed and one of them had a crush on lily ... snape was the classical example of that vulnerable person who tends to join terrorist organizations and gangs . 
  and he did it . 
  besides dumbledore he probably killed and tortured many people . 
  his redemption quest begum after he realized that the girl he never got over was in danger , because he told voldemort the prophesy . 
  and for that he defected to the light . 
  it was n't a selfless reason , but for the rest of his life he dedicated himself to help bring down the death eaters and riddle , as a spy . 
  another thing that we must remember is that he was n't a nice teacher he had favorites , probably was n't very didactic and , he hated potter with a passion of 1000 burning suns , a mutual hate . 
  and since the books are in his pov , perhaps are a little biased in that regard . 
  even after he was appointed headmaster he kept helping the light ( punishments that are n't harsh , giving the sword to potter and the patronus spell ) . 
  and giving harry his memories before he died . 
  he was a mean man , he never got over an obsessive crush he had , he was a lousy teacher , his reasons perhaps are n't selfless ... 
  yet the helped the light to win the war and had a very tragic and pathetic life . 
  that 'd be his legacy : a nasty man with who at the end tried to do the right thing behind the scenes and at the end paid with his life .
