  i 'm not in any common room ( yet ) please give those points to ravenclaw, 
  linkffn ( a boy and his cloak ) , linkffn ( 11916243 ) and linkffn ( one step in the right direction by romantic silence ), 
  the revolution would be not like the french revolution ( like in the marriage law revolution ) , it probably be as nasty and violent as a full scale civil war . 
  whether you 're gay or not is for you to figure out , yet you have to realise that if you act like a gay man around this girl that you likeshe 'd probably think you might be gay and wo n't consider you as a romantic option, 
  perhaps , it 's like a greek tragedy , voldemort tried to avoid the prophecy 's fulfillment and that made it happen . 
  or perhaps it was fate anyway . 
  it does n't really matter after all , riddle was the man who brought his own downfall, 
  why ? 
  must second you . 
  i entered this thread just to recomend that fic . 
  simply by living in britain , they were in danger , because riddle and his minions loved to hunt and kill muggleborns and ` blood traitors ' . 
  when they joined the order the risk increased now that they were actively fighting against the death eaters . 
  even if snape had decided that ` fuck uk ' moved to the ussr and the prophecy had n't been heard by him , the potter 's life was at risk . 
  you are right in that regard . 
  fair point, 
  a good place to start is r/hpfanfiction, 
  that would be a terrible portrayal lily as hermione 1.0 , believable though . 
  true , it 's hard to know someone who 's been dead for several years . 
  the thing that bothered me the most ( well , enough to write this rant attempt ) was that harry 's pedestal of her was never broken . 
  she remained kinda perfect in his eyes . 
  well that explains why she fitted that well with james and the maraunders , they seem alike .0, 
  you have good points , especially about people would only said the good things about them , even more so because harry was a child/teenager . 
  i suppouse it 's a matter of opinion but in his place i 'd like to know as much as possible and the truth . 
  pretty much every lord potter , inheritance fics , or even marriage contracts have some of this . 
  even if there was no prophecy , and voldemort had been hit by a random ak , he still had his horcruxes , that eventually would have gotten him back to life . 
  as we know to truly defeat him the horocruxes existance must be known and as far as i remember dumbledore did n't knew back then and only began to suspect until later . 
  you should post this as a discussion in the subreddit to get more answers . 
  nice rec . 
  it describes perfectly how i feel about this . 
  i do n't want a evil or neglectful lily , i just want her as human with defects and virtues like remus or james not saint lily the immaculate perfect mother . 
  i 'm not against ginny/harry , but even though i can believe them together their romantic arc was n't shown enough . 
  that was made even worse in the epilogue , we did n't got to see their reconciliation ( he left her for a year after all ) nor their romance . 
  i prefer harmony , it makes more sense . 
  somehow ron/hermione managed to last and they have children together . 
  how is a mistery, 
  give recs . 
  there 's been some fics for me linkffn ( ananke ) linkffn ( come once again and love me ) linkffn ( 9774121 ) linkffn ( seventh horocrux ) linkffn ( the augurey ) linkffn ( contractual invalidation ) and linkffn ( hail odysseus ), 
  even better bella is mentally-unstable hermione . 
  she did obvliate her parents and kidnapped rita as an animagus for days and tried and succeeded to brew polijuice potion to enter slytherin common room and question malfoy using his minions identities . 
  i 'm not so sure, 
  best ron bashing linkffn ( harry potter and the champion 's champion ), 
  well yes , she is n't amoral , she 's just quite ruthless . 
  obvliate her parents , even if it is to protect them is not nice at all , some people might say that she messed with their very selves , their memories and rewrote them , that is worst than death for some people . 
  skeeter had it coming yet it does n't deny that what hermione did is technically a kidnapping . 
  the polyjuice incident is the least evil , it only involves taking another identity for spying , temporary . 
  she 's not perfect yet i like her a lot , but as harrymont said in linkffn ( seventh horocrux ) she 's a dark lady in training, 
  ridiculous , specially since people like umbridge or fudge were high ranking offices . 
  clearly deluded that guy , hermione ( whether he/she likes her or not ) is more than competent to get a career there . 
  that bad ? 
  indeed . 
  another thing is if is one-sided that 's a no for me . 
  if is a two-way banter , it might be ok . 
  short mistery fic . 
  no romance ( some might say it implies harmony but i disagree they 're only close friends ) . 
  linkffn ( 6243892 ), 
  if she already knows about the horocruxes , she should try to destroy them . 
  perhaps could befriend snape and make him stay in the light or even date him ( crappy snape/hermione plot for all i know ) she 'd probably try to make sure that harry exists and lives a good life . 
  actually i think a fic like this exist . 
  it 's linkffn ( 4692717 ) hermione travels back in time and defeats voldemort making sure people would get a better future . 
  james potter is specially grateful with her, 
  maise williams , andrew garfield and ryan reynolds, 
  about what ? 
  slash ? 
  goodsnape ? 
  next generation ? 
  you should be more specific . 
  harmony : linkffn ( one step in the right direction ) and linkffn ( a boy and his cloak ) , linkffn ( the sea king by doghead thirteen ) hermione and harry run away together in dh linkao3 ( 5824324 ), 
  harry/pansy linkffn ( parkinson 's knickers ( or lack of there of ) ), 
  harry 's life is a wretch after ginny leaves him for scorpius malfoy . 
  eventual harryluna linkao3 ( 31644 ), 
  astoria 's affair with harry linkao3 ( 3084182 ), 
  cute harry/luna linkffn ( missing pieces by shadowwolf210 ) also linkffn ( 4236132 ), 
  breaking lily 's pedestal linkffn ( 4613516 ), 
  in death , harry , snape and lily find closure linkffn ( nothing to forgive by tempest kiro ), 
  it 's a controversial one . 
  the idea is that the ussr ( and stalin in particular ) tried to kill the ukranians by starvation through harsh agricultural policies and food shortages . 
  the opponents will say that the famines affected all the ussr . 
  there are plenty of them in the fanfictions sites . 
  do not expect a very high quality though . 
  if andromeda is in the line then nymphadora and teddy would be there as well . 
  you 're right , delphi would n't inherit because she 's a bastard . 
  also would harry be able to inherit the title or he 's too distantly related to the blacks ? 
  dear god 20k already ? 
  would hgdh / u/zimonitrome get another pair of wings this soon ?!, 
  it might break the record set by / u/smitheren, 
  they wo n't fight . 
  they 'll marry . 
  marrying inside the family is a tag well known tradition, 
  not sure if one of these fics might be , the only one that i ever read that has the tourney in france is linkffn ( harry mcgonagall ; harry potter mcgonagall ), 
  indeed . 
  it 's just something that some fans have toyed with . 
  imo even if it was as a true nobility title ( which of course it is n't ) sirius could give harry everything in his possession ( 12 grimmauld place , the money , the freaking furniture , the books , etc ) except the title because it 'd be granted by very different rules . 
  draco could get the ` lordship ' but absolutely nothing else . 
  perhaps the only way to pass it to harry would be that he was adopted into the family ( like the old roman families ), 
  basically all this ` lord black , potter , slytherin , etc '' are as must of us know , illogical bad fics , that have little idea of how nobility or inheritance works . 
  it was indeed . 
  we ca n't deny the millions of deaths . 
  the controversy is the question `` was it a deliberate act against the ukranians or it did affect the whole soviet population ? '', 
  i think it was both . 
  a deliberate famine ( with probable genocidical intent ) in ukraine , karelia , the urals , the north caucasus among other places .
