  mione is still decent enough for me . 
  herms on the onther hand ... 
  i quit the story, 
  linkffn ( 9885609 ) has a harry who is n't believed by anyone except astoria greengrass , so they run away together . 
  the fic is n't a masterpiece , but it probably keep you entertained enough . 
  indeed . 
  personally i did n't believe that she 'd be the only one who ' would believe him . 
  it 's unfortunately one of the best written astoria/harry . 
  imo it ranks 6.5 / 10 . 
  readable and memorable enough . 
  national treasure, 
  tres leches ( milk cake ), 
  facing the water . 
  i like how it feels in my face . 
  make rome great again !, 
  could n't resist . 
  i agree with you hadrian is a ridiculous name . 
  they should stick with harry . 
  or james , lord james sounds cooler . 
  perhaps you have a problem ludie . 
  too many comics , too soon, 
  i like them , a lot in fact . 
  but perhaps you should rest some time , they require some effort . 
  ## 300 , 000 holy shiite !, 
  that 's awesome, 
  ## is barbados some kind of pasta ? 
  how do uou eat it ? 
  i 'm going to a gym 5 day a week since may . 
  i 've lost 20 pounds , i 'm also studying to pass an admission test to graduate studies, 
  hedwing . 
  it 's death truly broke my heart . 
  i 've just read it . 
  fanboy on : [ spoilers ] [ poor girl , that was so cruel . 
  shame on you . 
  i also would n't have accepted in her place , it was playing with fire , and she got burned . 
  i do n't know how sev will fix it . 
  ( unless she 'll become a lovegood , which it may imply that it wo n't heal ) ... ] ( / spoiler ) . fan boy off, 
  objectively is an interesting and uncommon concept , snape dating someone else in maraunder 's era . 
  it 's well written and i loved that she 's a lot like luna . 
  you 've just got yourself a new reader, 
  time travelling snily linkffn ( come once again and love me ), 
  headmaster snape survives the war and stays as headmaster , snipets through the years , lupin also survives . 
  no romance . 
  linkffn ( 12301633 ), 
  the concept is unique i 'd read it . 
  and about your english i feel the same insecurities as yours , i fear that i 'd use some weird word choise or the text will be seen as off or unnatural . 
  i 'm still practicing to express myself better in this language . 
  i 'm a native spanish speaker by the way, 
  do n't forget they 're all family . 
  and must likely everything is discussed and planed among them probably at leaat once a week, 
  i 'm sure you 'll find a harem fic that will suit your taste, 
  technically not overpowered . 
  yet you 'd enjoy linkffn ( make a wish by rorschach 's blot ), 
  linkffn ( parkinson 's knickers ( or lack of there of ) ) and linkffn ( a boy and his cloak ), 
  it means that r/prequelmemes is leaking, 
  i need this written in a fic . 
  do you know if it exists ? 
  perhaps napoleon would be a better example . 
  it 's everywhere . 
  but it 'll be gone eventually and will be forgotten , like rage comics, 
  10/10 would laugh again !, 
  the best crackfic i 've read in a while . 
  you 're too optimistic about teenagers . 
  and yes , indeed it 's fucked up . 
  they 're independent know , if they want to befriend soviet , it 's now america 's problem, 
  this one has an old school full russian course . 
  despite it 's video quality its from early 2000s . 
  this one has an old school full russian course . 
  despite it 's video quality its from early 2000s . 
  you 've got enough seats to become by yourself the leader of the opposition . 
  i think you wrote the wrong link, 
  probably you 're right . 
  i asked because i 've seen it a lot . 
  `` omg gorgeous '' '' beautiful '' in many instagram or facebook pics and it truly baffled me the sheer frequency of this situation . 
  i 'll never stop recommending these fics linkffn ( parkinson 's knickers ( or lack of there of ) ) also a voyeur harmony linkffn ( a boy and his cloak ) , this one is probably one of the best harry/dapne fics out there linkffn ( contractual invalidation ) and finally a cute au harry/luna linkffn ( missing pieces ), 
  sorry wrong fic . 
  linkffn ( 3107536 ), 
  i snorted at the gym . 
  people looked me like i was crazy . 
  i hope you find your request cause i 'll read it as well, 
  i would quit that story in the spot, 
  what if i 'd never entered med school ? 
  this one . 
  linkffn ( 11916243 ), 
  linkao3 ( 5824324 ) harry takes hermione 's offer in dh, 
  therapy can help . 
  btw . 
  how is this object called in english ? 
  they 're supportive of ron 's choices in his bedroom . 
  shame on you for criticise them you anti ... / s, 
   the wonderful internet site tv tropes has two categories on the representations of such approaches with examples from literature to video games : obfuscating stupidity and obfuscating insanity . 
  financial times is quoting tv tropes . 
  now i 've seen everything . 
  the masters just have to rebuild their armies and soon the meerenese will be re-enslaved . 
  i give them 5 years, 
  should n't the comic be labeled as collaboration ? 
  top comedy with a very moronic ron and cute harmony in linkffn ( harry potter and the champion 's champion ), 
  as in targaryen tradition . 
  i 'm sure this time they 'll be flexible , beggars are n't choosers after all ~ ~ except viserys ~ ~, 
  thank you op,
