  it amazes me all the tricks that jkr had to use to avoid having harry to do something ` wrong ' . 
  another example is that he needed the freaking ` i 'm very lucky potion ' to solve hbp plot . 
  snape heartbroken after lily 's wedding decides that britain can be dammed and moves to new zealand . 
  tonks and remus meet for the very first time in the most ridiculous of circumstances . 
  sirius imperius the drusleys to be nice to harry . 
  ginny 's pov of harry 's ` i 'm death but not really ' . 
  instead of sadness , righteous murderous rage fills her and the death eaters pay the price . 
  that ron left in dh is forgiven , yet the trust in him remains shattered for a longtime . 
  5 years later harry and ron have a fight about that . 
  harry accidentally got 's pregnant a girl while they 're both in animagus form . 
  when dumbledore leaves harry in the drusley 's doorstep he did n't realized that they were on holiday . 
  so the britiish child services find him instead . 
  peter 's betrayal is found out just in time . 
  sirius takes his time in ` rewarding ' petegrew 's loyalty . 
  harry finds pansy crying because malfoy is dating ` that greengrass slut ' . 
  he does his best to comfort her . 
  minister granger must solve a diplomatic incident that involves rose weasley and scorpious malfoy , a welsh dragon and the high witch of korea . 
  i have a soft spot for hms victory , the bismarck and the uss enterprise, 
  for some reason i ca n't get pass the first chapter , even though i like hapne a lot . 
  perhaps linkffn ( the augurey ) will be of your liking . 
  it 's at least imo a well written in character and without weasley bashing, 
  do you have a link for this story ? 
  and many families , like the malfoys had only one . 
  a very dangerous demographic tendency specially from the purebloods that loved to complain . 
  the dragon queen is n't there to save them anymore though . 
  and must likely she wo n't come back to them . 
  and the slavers eventually will know it . 
  she was n't there , but her very competent troops were and also the beasts that killed thousands of invaders who practically were defense less against dragons ( like infantry against a jet squad ), 
  now the masters might leave them alone , imo . 
  just for enough time to regroup and re-arm themselves and most likely will try again . 
  meereeen does n't necessarily have to fall , yet of the best troops and tacticians are gone , the probability of it increases . 
  just because they won a symbolic victory it does n't mean that they 'll be free forever , using a irl example constantinople resisted several sieges before it eventually fell to the turks in 1453 . 
  it sounds nice and poetic and epic to think that they are free now and will mantain thier independence like america did , but unlike america , the masters are way closer , their liberators did n't stick around and i personally doubt that the slavers would let them be free , because they 'd be afraid that their own slaves might want to follow the meereenese example . 
  i 'm too cynic to believe that everything will stay the same now that dany is gone . 
  and it seems it 's an unpopular opinion . 
  good bot, 
  he 's not perfect but why you hate him that much ... to live as ron weasley once should be enough torture, 
  i 'll be honest , personaly i 'd probably not read it , there 's too little connection to the canon that must likely i wo n't find it interesting . 
  i 'm sure that many people would read it . 
  and as / u/lord _ anarchy said before , if the story will be 95 % oringinal content , make the jump and make it an original story . 
  ironically i would read a 100 % original story about a magical school im america than a very loosely based hp fanfic, 
  freaking awesome . 
  please consider drawing coats of arms for norh and hoshido . 
  bad bot, 
  they chose to stay here . 
  for better or for worse . 
  i was watching again evangelion 3.33 and i noticed that even though willie seems to consider shinji a dangerous and inestable boy and the kid that ended the world ( again ) and perhaps an ( accidental ) mass murdering criminal ... then why did n't just shoot him and save themselves and the world several problems ? 
  he is pretty much backgroud character and helped gendo and seele for many years , yet when nerv was gerihn he tried to uncover and stop the conspiracy ... but eventuality joined a man he despised in the very same conspiracy that he hated . 
  for yui . 
  was he trying to subvert the instrumentality from inside ? 
  did he lost himself ? 
  is he a well-intentioned man used by gendo ? 
  would he return from instrumentality ? 
  what do you think about him ? 
  kaworu is regarded by some of eva fans as a pure being who loved shinji when he needed the most and he could have even redeemd himself with his sacrifice to save lilims from third impact . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i see kaworu , although a likeble character , as someone manipulative who took advantage of shinji 's loneliness and ditch him when his cover was n't necessary anymore . 
  and the only reason he asked shinji to kill him was because his propose of uniting himself back with adam was going to fail ( because lilith was there not adam ) and seele and/or nerv would dispose him anyway . 
  but that 's how i feel about him . 
  what do you think about him ? 
  eva was a really popular series back in my childhood and even was dubbed and broadcast in national tv , at least in mexico . 
  do anyone know if there was ever realeased a dvd in spanish ? 
  it was implied in 2.22 that asuka had some attraction to shiji ( quite obvious when she felt sad because rei was also was . 
  in love with him ) . 
  in 3.33 she 's definitely pissed with him and probably hates his guts . 
  but ... she 's almost the tsundere archetype personified , do anyone thinks she still cares about him ? 
  i was reading ( again ) a fanfic named `` advice and trust '' where in one scene asuka was in danger and shinji 's body language mimic his father 's at least for some time ( and that disturbed rei deeply ), 
  the idea is fascinating ... 
  so do anyone knows any fan work where shinji starts acting like gendo ? 
  [ removed ], 
  when ritsuko showed the origins of rei and the dummy-plug system to shinji and misato just before freeing them from a soulless existence the cloned reis were smiling ? 
  why ? 
  ( besides making them creepy as fuck ), 
  rei x shinji , shinji x asuka , shinji x kaworu are the largest shippings in our fandom , yet i 'm not asking about them . 
  i wan na know if you like another ship ( even if it is n't your main one ) . 
  for example i like shinji/hikari ( despitr i almost always ship asushin ) because she 'd be a stable emotional anchor in his life , he 'd appreciate her more tha toji did and they 'd look kinda cute . 
  also for some reason ( and i blame ` advice and trust 's author ) kaworu/rei has an appeal , so different yet so alike in many ways . 
  so . . any uncommon/crack pairings that you like ? 
  why ? 
  i understand that rei made her deeply jealous , and why she decided to destroy the dummy plug system ... 
  yet i ca n't understand why shinji ought to know the truth . 
  i 've read the synopsis and it sounds very interesting , yet alnost every serious review that i 've read makes it sound as a bad written piece of thrash not worthy of my time . 
  what do you think ? 
  is it worth watching it ? 
  ( / s '' i had such high hope in it , after all everyone who recommended it me said it was at least a solid 8/10 . 
  and i think it might have been the case if not for the god-dammed ending . . 
  i just ca n't forgive taiga for leaving ryuuji after all the things that they suffered to get together ; poor minori and ami renounced their romantic desires to be with him for the little bitch 's happiness and just after they 've got together she ran away like a freaking coward leaving not only her boyfriend with a broken heart , her two friends are also heartbroken . 
  and then a year later she comes back and this idiot still loves her despite that she left him out of the blue to ` find herself ' . 
  if i 'd been any of the characters i would n't have forgiven her . 
  besides that she never was grateful to ryuuji , he gave her comfort , food and many chances to talk with his best friend and her crush kitamura , and all that she did was insult him and little help to get him with minori . 
  although i did n't ship taiga/ryuuji , the other girls or even kitamura were better options and i do n't really like tsunderes i accepted that the story was well written and they were going to get together , yet i just lost it in this stupid ending . 
  he deserves someone better '' ), 
  just because tokyo-3 is in ruins it does n't mean that america or australia or germany are , besides somehow both nerv . 
  and willie have the man power and resources to build new evas that engage in atmospheric flight or have a gigantic ship ( the wunder ) able to fucking fly !, 
  it 's painfully obvious that the ship needs a lot of manpower and resources to function ( and even if it uses a s2 engine the dammaged areas do not repair themselves ), 
  perhaps just tokyo-3 is ground zero ( like antarctica for the second impact ) . 
  another piece of evidence is that seele members are somehow alive and well before the 4th impact . 
  i 've been trying to reboot for 3 months and i always relapsed during thr 2nd-3rd day . 
  but i finally made it to a week and i plan to keep going !, 
  i 'm so happy that i 've actually lasted a week that i had to tell you guys,
