  i was secretly hoping that america had stolen the credit, 
  i almost wish russia nukes us and end the continuous decadence of fanfic requests . 
  are asking for a prompt or have you read it ? 
  because if someone founds it/writes it i must read it . 
  it does n't have japan either, 
  i have a question about food . 
  what do you think of the american chinese food and other local adaptations , are truly chinese food ? 
  what makes it different ? 
  too drunk to properly write yesterday, 
  calderon was an ok president . 
  but the most controversial aspect of his presidency was the disorganized war against the drug cartels , a war that has n't ended . 
  to improve your spanish i 'd check the subreddits r/spanish and r/learnspanish and use italki to talk to someone . 
  this is the wierdest crossover ever . 
  i need to watch it, 
  i 'm interested , care to share the link ? 
  as a follow up question , do you know any good books or internet pages that explain economic theories `` for dummies '' ? 
  i 'm a md , soon going to start my specialty in internal medicine . 
  apparently a gryffindor . 
  i will make it legal, 
  so unified korea ? 
  sunken portugal or annexed by spain ? 
  belarus is gone . 
  tunisia , algeria , morroco and lybia are united, 
  some changes seem a little weird , as an alternate history fan . 
  i can see china expanding not losing tibet . 
  and perhaps we 'll see a larger eu not a super poland and germany annexing benelux, 
  i 'm a little skeptic that , if the world of eva is like our timeline until 2nd impact things would happen this way , but i want to follow your timeline and see where it goes, 
  not mine . 
  but i think it fits here, 
  ukraine has n't precisely a successful economy, 
  canon , after all he 's the son of james potter/s, 
  indeed . 
  that makes english a little boring . 
  most people only say fuck . 
  that 's understandable , yet the spanish says joder a lot as much as mexicans say chingar ( both meaning to fuck ) . 
  the insults in spanish are really diverse besides this very commmon verbs . 
  it 's a very good line but it ca n't beat `` for to be homosex yuo must glitter '', 
  edit : thread poland can not into woman . 
  unless you 're the mongols, 
  ahi si me levanto en armas . 
  maybe not . 
  but we might call them victorious . 
  i 'm not sure if this answer will not be removed . 
  have you tried searching in the national archives of mexico ( archivo general de la nacion ) ? 
  the problem might be that it 's in mexico city . 
  i trust the banhammers, 
  ( genuinamente curioso ), 
  what would have happen if sachiel had entered into the terminal dogma ? 
  that migth be true , but only lf . 
  1 ) rei iii can be reached in time and assuming she is able to operate an eva just after waking up . 
  2 ) they survive sachiel 's attack . 
  i do n't doubt that the man in black would let shinji alone after leaving tokyo 3 , at much they 'd keep an eye on him just in case he becomes useful again . 
  this scenario imo only shows the very first example of gendo 's and nerv 's incompetenc, 
  pastry war best war . 
  stupid bagguet , i wo n't pay any peso . 
  and it 's a very huge deal . 
  do n't you dare to consider your success otherwise . 
  fair point . 
  sachiel would n't enter the terminal dogma before ramiel , and probably they could retrieve another rei clone . 
  we do n't know if she can pilot the eva ... 
  but that would n't stop gendo , after all that incompetent commander wanted shinji to pilot without knowing how to do it, 
  on a side note , the destiny of rei ii in this case might be death . 
  perhaps you could specify a little more . 
  what are you looking for ? 
  drarry ? 
  because perhaps someone has a sirius/hermione very well written but you might despise the ship . 
  r/prequelmemes is leaking, 
  some of my favorites . 
  not all of them are romantic completely but , i think they match your request . 
  and yes , i like lily/snape hahaha , but the snily stories imo tend to avoid or subvert most cliches and are very well written . 
  linkffn ( 9088663 ) , linkffn ( 4936966 ) , linkffn ( 7670834 ) , linkffn ( 4400517 ) linkffn ( 5511855 ) linkffn ( 12129370 ) linkffn ( 11139906 ) linkffn ( 3107536 ) , linkff ( 6613973 ) , linkffn ( 11318985 ), 
  well yes . 
  if you put it that way , the geofront probably can hold enough for getting asuka and eva 02 from germany . 
  hikari is a very underdeveloped character who is aparently much more stable than her bff asuka and i 'd like to see her relationships with the pilots and the class explored more . 
  fuyutsuki is very interesting as well . 
  a secondary character who seems more reasonable to gendo 's i ca n't believe it worked plans , who wanted to stop seele and their project and even after his unrequited love yui died decided to stay with gendo even when he used ( or perhaps still do ) despised him and collaborated fully to get gendo 's instrumentality , for aparently unknown reasons . 
  asshole does n't even describe it correctly , he can be cruel as only himself is , yet i like his tragic backstory and i pity him most of the time '' a man who hates his jobs , and life for making mistakes along the way '' , that makes him interesting character to read . 
  because he 's a miserable wreck , and even though the was a death eater , stood with the light to the moment of his death . 
  he could have gone full villain again anytime , specially after dumbledore 's death but he did n't . 
  at the end even if it was because he was full of guilt and sorrow , he did his part to defeat a genocidal dark lord . 
  it does n't fully reedem him , it never will , after all he was a petty asshole and a lousy teacher who hold a grunge with his bully after his longtime death and lash out in innocent kids . 
  but in the end he did the right thing , and that deserves recognition . 
  he 's still probably going to hell , though, 
  pretty much all the fics in the last years of harry potter in hogwarts . 
  you underestimate my power !, 
  also r/prequelmemes . 
  is leaking, 
  he has her face . 
  it 's repost then, 
  you 've known that you 're a veteran lurker when you remember all the comics in the headbar . 
  for this subreddit i created my account . 
  may polandball have 6 more years !, 
  my main evangelion ship is asushin . 
  but if i had a choise , this would be the canonship in eva.https : / / m.imgur.com/iqtyp, 
  flanderization of characters to get the protagonist a reason to act in the plot.for example : james potter is imo a egotistic asshole , yet he would never use dark magic to control and marry lily against her will and this pushes her towards severus , nor dumbledore suddenly decides he wants block harry 's `` magic paths '' and obvliate him and hermione because she must dato ron and harry must be loveless making them become outlaws who learn magic from australian aborigines . 
  i ca n't stand that bullshit, 
  mary sues oc ( including greengrass , bones , and many others who have no proper characterization in canon ) who suddenly date harry and make him leave the trio and everything he knows to be lord everything . 
  now , if it 's well written a hapne , or harry/pansy i can read it and enjoy it very much , but it usually is n't the case . 
  draco sexually harassing people . 
  yes he 's a narcissist cunt , but he would n't threat to rape someone , specially if he considers her/him an inferior mudblood / blood traitor .
