  an author asking his/her readers where to go next , specially if the author makes a poll . 
  be independent and strong got damm it , you 're the author it 's your prerogative to tell us if this story is harry/hermione or harry/ginny . 
  asking your readers about the direction of your fic only shows that you do n't know what the hell are you doing . 
  i also hate lazy people who write 500 words call it a day and that 's the whole lenght of the chapter/one shot . 
  it might be good sometimes but almost never works . 
  good !, 
  i knew i was n't the only one paranoid enough to think this . 
  there 's a evangelion fanfic when they get together . 
  it 's called ghosts of evangelion . 
  and is there any link to that old rp ? 
  mpreg , other bwl that 's not harry nor nevil , femharry ( and similars male hermione fem draco etc ) , trigger warnings of any kind , hadrian/harriet etc potter instead of harry , songfic . 
  harems part of the x verse/series , gobling magic . 
  referneces to slavic/celtic , greek mythology . 
  most of them are a never good imho . 
  and the ones who are part of a 2 million words series , i wo n't understand them and i wo n't read that much . 
  too much time and effort for a fic . 
  how does she look like ? 
  i ca n't remember her appearance . 
  jew gender, 
  i 'd like to know the source of this invaluable piece of intelligence, 
  why ? 
  fair enough, 
  maraunder/first wizarding war era . 
  snape decides that he does n't give a damn about britain and its people ( after hogwarts graduation but before he joined the death eaters ) and moves away to the continental europe ( probably france ) . 
  this butterflies away ( like in the movie the butterfly effect ) many things including the potter 's deaths and voldemort knowing the prophecy . 
  some time later the potters are abroad and theylearn that he 's become a somewhat respectable potions researcher and is engaged with a french witch . 
  i still have n't worked out the details or nor the ending but that will be the premise, 
  for me it 's quite obvious that the ' i love you ' that kaworu said was n't sincere , as you said no one never truly loves anyone in that little time . 
  i think shinji got attached to tarbis because he was feeling very alone and needed human contact . 
  asuka was in a coma , misato too distant suffering from kagi 's death , the rei that he knew was gone , ritsuko and fuyutsuki as cold as always and gendo unavailable and a huge bastard , shinji was also feeling very guilty for toji 's situation ( isolating him from both hikari and toji ) and kensuke , well he was not on screen . 
  so this apparently perfecy guy comes around and tells him that he 's special and loved , how could shinji resist this ? 
  that makes tarbis betrayal more devastating , eventually causing that shinji decides screw every body when lilith makes him the centre of the third impact . 
  honestly kaworu is n't more important than ramiel or leliel and it 's only a plot device . 
  we do n't know anything about him and i ca n't understand why so many people ship it with shinji . 
  `` cared for him '' citation needed . 
  he showed interest and said beautiful words but that hardly proves that kaworu gived a damn about shinji . 
  edit : i 'm truly sorry if i sounded too hostile , but kaworu 's alleged love for shinji kinda triggers me hahaha, 
  i think it will do . 
  thanks !! . 
  besides ron competing in the tri wizard tournament sound very interesting . 
  the theme is so broad that / u/yaddar can not get dq ^ right ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that , imo kaworu saw that his plan to join adam had failed and he was a dead angel ( nerv and/or seele would kill him anyway ) and decided to end his life in suicide by shinji . 
  if he truly desired to spare lilims he would n't have gone in the terminal dogma in the first place . 
  so much for the so called ` angel of the free will ' . 
  i 'm do n't think that kaworu in eoe is the same kaworu from episode 24 , he 's most likely a representation in shinji 's mind . 
  thank you !, 
  hahahahahhahhahhahaah i 've not laugh as much in weeks . 
  truly a masterpiece in unintentional comedy . 
  not on weasley 's pov xd . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the potus is einstein in comparison . 
  the classic fic linkffn ( delenda est ), 
  meta comics are not technically forbidden but i would n't try anyway . 
  i read a story named ( i think ) ` the veil of madness ' after reading in tvtropes something about humans are special . 
  looking for more i eventually ended here . 
  i remember ir being in the wiki `` what humanity means to me/us '' or something like that, 
  stupid tumblr user went to marry smiths partener . 
  smiths has been simth couple since 4 years ago, 
  it was truly the very first example that came to my mind . 
  and luna said in this fic ( kinda ) comparing this ron with stones it 's an insult to stones . 
  to the americans who want a participant award , you 'd have to take it from poortugal , how can you be so heartless ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/bpxf5tv.png by / u/fvbtl [ thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/300b86/portugal/ ), 
  thanks !, 
  it never gets old . 
  so does the nyt or the wall steer journal . 
  that a paper can be read in another nation it does n't necessarily means that the ministery of magic is the magical eu . 
  for all we know , magical britain and the uk are completely separated nations , probably the borders and wars among wizards are very different to ours . 
  perhaps ireland was never in the ministery 's jurisdictions or perhaps the ministry still controls the area of france that england use to own in the middle ages . 
  only jkr could know . 
  it 's netherless a very interesting premise to fanfics . 
  a turkish flair saying `` poor armenia '' what a time to be alive / s, 
  que significa `` covfefe '' ? 
  i love your comics . 
  you should get back to drawing . 
  needs more jpeg, 
  i wo n't even open them . 
  so ooc that it ca n't be a good story, 
  james , sirius or remus using dark magic or love potions . 
  they 're bullies but they have ( very loose ) morals netherless . 
  and they are 100 % antindark magic . 
  also hermione or harry dating draco and acquiring pureblood traditions as their own . 
  he 's an ass and a bigot . 
  he would n't date any of them without some major chances in his life . 
  getting married in hogwarts years . 
  their still teenagers and ceirtanly death threats or marriage contracts wo n't marry 15 year olds . 
  terrible terrible terrible e insoportable calor , es un estado conservador . 
  damn !, 
  that was devastating . 
  top 5 for sure, 
  the more i think about it , the more it saddens me . 
  top 5 material, 
  not the hero we deserve , but the hero we need, 
  now this is a sad comic, 
  love the 28 eu ( member ) address, 
  there was a comic where worst korea complained about german racism it was really about american states . 
  does any one have it ? 
  r/prequelmemes is leaking, 
  asuka : the baka does indeed like you , be nicer , he thinks you hate him . 
  rei : have you ever asked yoursefl who you really are ? 
  misato : do n't flirt with shiji he 's as confused and hurt as he can get . 
  shinji : come with me , i know a therapist whom will help you .
