  hello everyone . 
  i just finished reading a spanish fanfic named `` no hay vuelta atr\u00e1s '' where snape istead of joing the death eaters simply decides to leave britain and start a new life . 
  do you know any other fic where something like this happens ( it does n't matter if it 's before or after the first wizarding war ) ?? 
  for the curious the link to `` no hay vuelta atras '' is [ this !, 
  ] ( https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10318326/1/no-hay-vuelta-atr\u00e1s ), 
  what happened to the aristocratic survivors after robespierre died ? 
  did they fled france ? 
  napoleon integrate them during the first french empire ? 
  or did they returned after the bourbonic restauration ? 
  where are they now ? 
  i discovered this ship in 2 fanfics . 
  as an alternative in a parallel life seen by canon lily in `` what if the purgatory of lily ? '', 
  linkff ( 4936966 ) . 
  and as an uncomfortable situatio that arised after lily travelled back in time and tries to keep severus 's friendship and james ' love both in her life in `` the law of unintented consequences linkff ( 4797089 ) . 
  do you know another fanfic where this ship appears ? 
  is there any evidence in the books that they cared for each other beyond convenience ? 
  i just remember that the characters seem unexplored except in that they love draco and are death eaters , but i ca n't recall if they love each other . 
  do they ? 
  i hope i do n't cause a shitstorm . 
  everytime blair comes up in a news article or video . 
  i read hunderds of commets accusing him of genocide , war crimes and being catholic . 
  but as we all know you tube is a very toxic environment and its comments usually are very moronic . 
  so ... is he in your opinion really that bad ? 
  male 24 years old . 
  250 pounds . 
  today i finally decided to join a gym my home . 
  i was sweaty and really tired but i did finished the routine that the instructor gave me . 
  i suppouse this posts are a little cliche but for me it is important because i 've been fat since at least 5 years and with a brief 3 months exception i almost did n't exercise . 
  i want to lose 88 pounds and get fit . 
  i realized that i had a problem when i had to take the subway and i had shortness of breath after using the stairs . 
  for me finding this sub is very nice . 
  to know that i 'm not alone in this journey to lose weight . 
  i 'm sorry if my english is bad or weird , i 'm not a native speaker, 
  he is a racist , self-entitled , liar , cruel , selfish bully who hated harry and company since the very beginning . 
  i understand why some people dislike ron ( after all he 's also selfish and a very jealous insecure and has some moments where he leaves harry because of this ) or why some of use defend snape ( true a very mean and incompetent teacher , even if he knows his potions and dada and even that he was a death eater eventually changed sides and stood in the light until his death , . 
  who has a tragic backstory that even if it does n't completely redeems him at least can give us pity ) . 
  yet i ca n't see draco 's appeal . 
  i 'll keep an open mind so please tell me what do you in him ? 
  it was just a random thought that i had when i remembered that grindelwald vs dumbledore was at the same time that world war ii . 
  as you probably know the nazis bombed london and many other places in the uk ... and diagon alley is in london ( hidden with concealment charms ) yet a bomb would n't ( and could n't ) care . 
  so ... can the wizarding community suffer from the london blitz ? 
  there 's a whole class dedicated to it but the hogwarts curricula seamsa little inconsistent to me . 
  werewolves , lockhart 's adventures , dueling 101 , the unforgivable curses . 
  ignoring the inconsistent quality of professors , what it suppouses to teach ? 
  also the ` mainstream ' british wizarding society is very suspicious of them and considers then evil ... 
  yet the nature or characteristics of that branch of magic remains elusive ( at least for me ) . 
  so what the hell are the dark arts ? 
  ( in canon , including the play that should not be named and pehaps the new movies . ), 
  good stories not just a smut ( although the story can have it , i do n't mind ) , in hogwarts years if possible but if not it can be after the books . 
  no genderbent , no lord potter black gryffindor ... 
  stories just harry the boy who lived and pansy . 
  as we all know , the third angel was destroying tokyo-3 and gendo ordered shinji to pilot his eva , even when he had just seen the '' machine '' for the very first time in his life ( not really obviously ) and shinji did n't knew even how to walk on it . 
  when shiji said that he wo n't do it , gendo blackmailed him using the very injured rei ayanami as a backup pilot . 
  so shinji got in the robot . 
  but ... what if shiji stood firm in his decision to not pilot the eva . 
  gendo would put rei in the unit 01 , yet it 's quite obvious she would n't had a chance and must likely rei 's ass would been horribly kicked and the unit 01 severely damaged, 
  then what ... ? 
  the end of the world ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm a mexican planning a 1 week vacation in ukraine in december . 
  i speak fluent english , spanish and an a2 level russian . 
  i do n't speak ukranian . 
  which language should i use english or russian ? 
  must i learn some ukrainian ? 
  i 'm feeling a little anti weasley today ( normally i do n't hate them ) and i thought that ron usually needs a little punishment ( i know people that would probably kicked his ass for less that he has actually done ), 
  so any fic , where harry beats the hell out of him or curses him , or uses the unforgivables ? 
  bonus if ron repents and they reconcile . 
  we know sone things about the timeline . 
  2nd impact in 2000 , the nge series is in the year 2015 . 
  in episode 9 , shinji and asuka trained/danced one week to defeat the angel . 
  is there a chronology with dates , something like `` leliel attacked three weeks after ireul ' or ` kagi died on 23rd december ' or anything like that, 
  [ removed ], 
  i was reading an old article from the independient ( link : http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/history-in-the-making-the-glorious-revolution-of-1688-91-was-really-a-dutch-invasion-this-distortion-1565642.html ) that suggested that more than a local affair , the revolution was actually an invasion that lead to the end of a dynasty and only accidentally the parliament became powerful ( because william of orange was busy fighting continental wars ) could this be true ? 
  or is an example of r/badhistory ? 
  less than 100,000 words . 
  complete or ongoing publication if possible . 
  rating does n't matter . 
  do you know any ? 
  i do n't have time for 450k stories , i want somenthing shorter . 
  less than 100,000 words , preferably complete or ongoing . 
  no femharry . 
  it can be any rating . 
  i 've just finished the last episode of legend of korra . 
  and i do n't see where this korrasami thing came from . 
  was i really that oblivious ? 
  what 's the evidence of their increasing romance ? 
  was this evidence truly romantic or could 've been interpreted as platonic ? 
  pd : i 'd like that shippers wo n't downvote me into oblivion , but in reddit perhaps it 's too much to ask : /, 
  [ removed ], 
  let 's imagine that snape has died or gone to exile before the start of the philosopher 's stone . 
  what would have happened ? 
  edit : i fixed my shitty grammar ( or at least i hope so ), 
  as we know , the wars involving grindelwald and voldemort had many wizards that follow them because they supported pureblood supremacist ideas . 
  after harry kills voldemort and even that hermione and harry became important minister employees , i 've not seen evidence that the ( surviving ) purebloods/former slytherins have changed their minds about muggleborns . 
  i think that perhaps in 50 or 60 years a new dark lord might emerge with the same ideology . 
  what do you think ? 
  [ removed ], 
  although i usually like him i 'm feeling curious about how would be the life of harry , his friends and the rest of wizarding uk if snape had died ( or moved very far away and he would n't come back to britain , ever ) . 
  so do you know any fics where he 's gone for good ( early if possible ) , i accept maraunder era fics as well as long as snape is gone and wo n't come back . 
  i hope this question gets answered even if it 's ( most likely ) a silly one .
