  yes , two times years ago and i think it 'd be great if we get another one soon, 
  indeed that 's the new goal !, 
  you are very lucky !!, 
  25 dollars dear god . 
  you could ( not ) let that offer away . 
  let 's make it 14 days and then 21 and then 42 ... 
  i 've been there . 
  the thing that works for me is that my hands must never reach my dick and i must get out of the website right away . 
  if i do n't do that i relapse . 
  kozo fuyutzuki is truly a underused character . 
  i 'd like to see him in more fanworks, 
  typical gringos sabotaging latin american nations . 
  but one day america will be latino mwhahahahha, 
  probably after . 
  it 'll be a long wait . 
  mexico has almost 10 times the population of guatepeor . 
  mexican television is boring and perhaps making babies seemed a good idea at the time . 
  and those numbers are even with intensive birth control campaigns , if they were n't implemented perhaps we 'd have 150 or even 200 million . 
  she seems so nice and it 's very involved in activisim . 
  it 'd suck if it was just a facade, 
  accept the apology and move on . 
  getting back together is not an option because you 'll never trust her the same again and even if you miss her you deserve someone who would n't cheat on you . 
  she has understood her mistake and she 'll have to move on as well . 
  it seems you are in an open relationship . 
  but the best would be to talk about it and decide what you are , boundaries and more importantly where is the relationship going ... do you see yourselves together in a year ? 
  in five years ? 
  i do . 
  i think though that even if you 're in a exclusive relationship you can talk and have close non-romantinc friendships with both men and women . 
  imho `` emotional affair '' is an stupid idea by insecure people who ca n't stand the idea of his/her partner having his/her own life . 
  and definitely they must talk about boundaries and labels to avoid troubles in the future . 
  i also think that death would be a relief for shinji and perhaps and heroic sacrifice would be needed to let him have some hope of redemption, 
  i 'd like to see a new original series from him . 
  it depends of what you consider relapse . 
  imho i think that you did n't because you actually defeated temptation even if you had a peek . 
  but the not so secret is that we must not peek because after that it usually goes downhill, 
  that 's great keep going, 
  now that 's interesting . 
  thanks, 
  i 've just finished reading it and it was my reason to ask for more . 
  and indeed the best revenge is to have a good life . 
  i disagree i relapsed after 7 days and i took 3 weeks to come back together to day 4 . 
  it does n't help at all . 
  better keep going, 
  i just read delenda est. 
  harry is a prisoner along with fallen in disgrace bellatrix in voldemort 's lair . 
  then after some weird incident he is transported back in time where a young bellatrix finds him and the butterflies appears . 
  its a long fanfic but imho an instant classic . 
  not exactly what you might looking for but the best revenge and its sequel could be an example . 
  also an ongoing new story named ` to love and protect ' . 
  in this story lily potter will eventually return thanks to some magic specified in the first chapter . 
  thanks mate, 
  some thinks that imo make a good fanfic ( regardless of shipping ), 
  the characters must stay at least in the beginning in character , for example not a nice snape without a reason ; of course the characters can and must change in the fic but it has to be believable, 
  no god deus machina nor asspulls to save or doom characters just because , if something happens it must be believable, 
  at least imho self-inserts are a big no also it 's not a place to rant about racism or homopohia etcetera . 
  if possible it must describe the area and objects , specially if they 're new ( but it 's not really that important for me ), 
  hello japan !, 
  what 's your opinion on brexit ? 
  do you agree with it or do you think that the british are doing something against their best interest ? 
  i 'm a general practioner md in my country . 
  a secondary character in the maraunders era , a gryffindor in the same year as them . 
  perhaps that explains why the are no almost none fics with her , and in those where she appears is a secondary character, 
  i tend to hate them . 
  99.999 % suck or are mediocre at best , because most of the self insert characters are mary-sue or marty-stu and that derails the plot and the other characters . 
  indeed . 
  that 's why i 'm asking because fanon makes no sense about them . 
  perhaps the evil happy marriage of the series . 
  this reminds me to the comic where vatican city exorcices germany . 
  is this a unofficial prequel ? 
  not really sure if that 's the true architectural stlye . 
  my aunt said so when i visited the city . 
  also , mexico is quite a cosmopolitan city not everything is sombreros and tequila . 
  worst than thatcher ? 
  why indebted ? 
  it 's sad that he did all that and the only thing that people remember is irak . 
  happy birthday and congratulations on your losing weight, 
  [ empiredidnothingwrong !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/empiredidnothingwrong/ ), 
  it was15 minutes in a bicycle , then back/abdomen/leg exercises . 
  depending on the day , then 15 walking . 
  at least that was what the instructor told me to . 
  i really do n't know much about gym routines . 
  really ? 
  i 'll need to check it out . 
  thanks mate . 
  i 'm not so sure about it . 
  when the wizards created the alley probably would n't consider muggles using gunpowder against a place that they ca n't see . 
  perhaps must of them did n't knew that guns existed . 
  that makes sense . 
  the magic minister might be aware of the political situation of great britain . 
  even though individual wizards wo n't be fast enough to evade a bullet that does n't mean the ministery could n't protect the alley . 
  perhaps only after the first bombing before they 've had installed an anti-proyectile charm . 
  update : / u/inquisitorcoc is right above , canon has showm us that the wizards are n't using anti kinetic barriers . 
  i think neither the ministry nor the hogwarts charms would n't stand against several bombs or multiple bombing raids , perhaps one or two . 
  but probably if the buildings are still standing the wizards might put new ones before the next raid . 
  8/10 murica lacks its maga cap, 
  i hope it gets in top 5, 
  comics like this make me want depression month back . 
  i love it, 
  remove kebab in awesome latin language,
