i think you can do the same i did when i quitted smoking . 
  think `` i wo n't fap today '' and keep it . 
  then repeat it until you realize its been months since you fapped . 
  for me it was scary to think in long term goals but small every day accomplishments are easy . 
  france has more kebab than expected, 
  the clouds look very realistic . 
  and it 's a very nice zero plane too . 
  you 're back !, 
  you should read the classics and the must read as the sidebar says, 
  sounds quite promising . 
  i 'll follow it closely . 
  stories like yours are an inspiration for those who are just beginning ( like me ) . 
  keep going !, 
  i 'm 24 years and i feel just like you , i just finished college and i 'm unemployed . 
  i used to fap 2 or 3 times a day and i 've been single almost 3 years . 
  i found out this sub just a few days ago and it has made me realize that pmo is like a parasite that drains all that 's meaningful from life . 
  i am too in this struggle , and maybe it won \u00b4 t be easy but it 'll be totally worth it . 
  i hope so and i believe all of us who have decided to leave pmo will get the results we want . 
  damn it . 
  op , now i 'll have the song stucked in my head all day, 
  gendo has many back up rei . 
  but if he had a back up shinji . 
  rescue him would 've been pointless, 
  and i am humor blind it seems hahaha, 
  i wo n't call you a traitor . 
  but i must ask ... why ? 
  where is / u/rapua, 
  it reminds me 2 comics . 
  one with tibet burning in a chimney and the other one with norway watching it burn in a science exposition, 
  i 've read this just after i relapsed . 
  you 're totally correct . 
  i must avoid erotic material compleatly if i wan na keep my life free of pmo, 
  thank you !!, 
  have you considered that calling and text them too much might push them away . 
  take it easy and let the friendship flow naturaly, 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  perhaps you should search for better people . 
  although when i quit smoking was something gradual . 
  agree with the other redditors and we must go cold turkey . 
  by the way , it 's been a while since i 've seen a comic from our first landkrab\u00ea . 
  i like 1.11 . , 3.33 feels half-baked and sometimes i 'd like to think that it does n't exist . 
  my favorite is 2.22 it 's an epic movie , great soundtrack , amazing visuals and an overall well character development ( except asuka , and she is n't that bad even though all her back story was erased ), 
  polish suprise annexation . 
  it reminds me a comic where little independent belarus is partitioned by poland after the polish-soviet war, 
  amazing !, 
  i 'd have a almost sleepless night just to read it, 
  rebuild shinji is horrified by his past actions and decides to that if he ca n't fix the world , he mighr avenge humanity therefore he 'll hunt down his father even if that 's the last thing he 'll ever do . 
  also can confirm . 
  i 've been 18 months tobacco free and quiting pmo has been much more harder . 
  specially when everything in our society reminds us of sex, 
  thank you . 
  i needed to read that . 
  i hope to have the strength you have . 
  good . 
  now just you need to watch the end of evangelion . 
  perhaps it was planned that way, 
  death would be a blessing for shinji after all the things he 's done . 
  after 3.33 i do n't think it 's possible to have anything better than a bittersweet ending for the rebuilds . 
  shinji and the world are just too screwed up to have a happy ending . 
  god dammit britain , there wo n't be more tea and now you 're wasting it, 
  noo , poland is only worthy of anschluss, 
  now turkey can get into it, 
  `` oh no i is melt '' brilliant, 
  i want this one to win, 
  when i first watched evangelion i wanted to punch shinji in the face and tell him `` if you do n't pilot the fucking eva i 'll get in the screen and i will pilot it you useless shit '' . 
  eventually i came to understand that he 's a 14 year old boy , with deep emotional troubles and no safety net and distant coworkers and friends ; whom is also dealing with a huge responsability with little or no apparent benefit for him . 
  i think many of us would probably have a nervous breakdown if we had been in the same circumstances . 
  i do n't hate him any more , i kinda pity him a little . 
  and i 'd really like a happier ending for him ... 
  but after seeing him in 3.33 . 
  instrumentality or death would be a relief for him . 
  he 's pretty much the fucking antichrist . 
  but he 's definitely too much cool to ( completely ) hate . 
  i 'm surprised that besides his very small role in the series he became a very important character , perhaps he 's that popular because suddenly shinji had a gay option . 
  edit : i apologize beforehand if this comment looks homophobic . 
  it 's not meant that way . 
  burger king master race, 
  indeed . 
  after all the near third impact was aborted by kaworu in the after credits scene . 
  the real third impact is still unexplained but probably kaworu was involved directly in it . 
  because balkan wars in the 90s, 
  yet somehow `` kebab '' became a synonym for muslim . 
  taiwan is the real china, 
  i 'm not sure if we can say that kaworu cared about shinji . 
  netherless he was the only one who treated him nicely in those dark times , even if it was for selfish reasons . 
  the cannon also needed all the electricity of japan to operate ... and that 's a little inconvenient, 
  it would n't have been done . 
  gendo and seele 's plans only cared for instrumentality , more efficient battles against the angels would be a secondary goal , at best . 
  how did you add the subtitles and the dub ? 
  i bought the rebuilds . 
  finding the original series in dvd . 
  is like finding a needle in a haystack, 
  you will find the strenght . 
  when you get horny try something different . 
  walk , read listen music . 
  anything to keep your hands off yourself, 
  very well animated . 
  but as a asuka/shinji shipper and someone who is really skeptic of kaworu 's intentions , purity and `` love '' for shinji . 
  delet this, 
  could you explain why ?
