  indeed . 
  this is quite mild . 
  everyone has the right to an opinion even is is something as irrational and anti-natual as kaworu/asuka, 
  i can ( not ) argue against that . 
  that 'd be the most unhealthy relationship in evangelion . 
  aa well for asuka x shinji shippers . 
  i must agree it 's very well done and quite sensual . 
  netherless kill it with fire, 
  you 're right ... just like i do n't have feelings for who i liked 14 years ago . 
  asuka definitely is n't in love with him ... anymore at least, 
  not necessarly . 
  rei is attractive on her own . 
  but perhaps unconsciously her physical resemblance to his mother might have increased his attraction to her . 
  at least shinji and perhaps asuka and misato did released that there was something off with the evas . 
  yet i 'm not sure perhaps i need to rewatch eoe and the final episodes of nge . 
  i hope so.but i think we 'll need two movies to get a full closure and fill the information gaps . 
  as i understand it . 
  seele overwatch and control nerv as gendo had to report to them . 
  personally i doubt so , otherwise the story told in the rebuilds would 've been the original series ... but perhaps it was one of the possible paths it might have taken ( but ultimately he discard it for nge and when he got the money and oportunity to explore it he decided to do it . 
  in mexico both dvd and blu ray are being sold . 
  i do n't know if that 's the case in us and europe, 
  hyrule is 61 square kilometers which is as big as san marino and smaller than nyc ( 790km2 ) . 
  that ca n't be true . 
  it 's a very small scene in one of the early chapters . 
  netherless the idea of `` like father like son '' shinji is so interesting that i had to ask for more, 
  will i understand it even if i 've never played warhammer 40k ? 
  that 's great . 
  keep it going !, 
  after that his experimenting phase was over . 
  there 's not even evidence that shinji really triggered third impact ( if the post credit scenes are canon , kaworu manged to stop it ) nor that kaji is still alive . 
  we also do n't know how and why they defected nerv . 
  or if the nebuchadnezzar 's key really is related to the instrumentality . 
  basically 3.33 has left us with many doubts and very few answers ( if any ) and without more in-depth context as physicist wolfang pauli said we are not even wrong . 
  it 's like a math problem that gives us the speed of a train and ask us for the diameter of the sun . 
  sorry for the small rant but i think we ca n't get any meaningful analysis with the current data, 
  edit : it was wolfang pauli not carl sagan who said `` not even wrong '', 
  i think that the scenes are in the same timeline that the rest of the rebuilds . 
  kaworu perhaps has some extrasensory alternate reality perception ( or perhaps in a more realistic scenario anno just put the scenes to screw with us ) . 
  your interpretation might have a nightmarish cycle of try and fail for kaworu ( perhaps every time he fails he travels back to the start in another timeline ) just like homura in madoka magica . 
  butthurt shippers ( pun not intended xd ), 
  it 's really hard to tell . 
  probably there will be another impact . 
  i doubt shinji will have any romantic resolution ... 
  the rei he cared so much is gone and might not return and asuka is 28years old while shinji is 14 . 
  i doubt she will be interested in him even if she ever forgives him for all their issues . 
  the best case scenario for get shinji a girlfriend ( or boyfriend if you care for the opinion of yaoi fangirls ) would be all was just a nightmare but i do n't think it 'll happen, 
  i have n't watch it ... yet.thanks for the recommendation i 'll check it out, 
  do n't worry england with the 350 millions per week that boris promised from the eu the nhs will get better / s, 
  too much internet for me today, 
  silly arabs only europeans get to abuse minorities and other nations / s, 
  i thought only non hussars were allowed to compete . 
  this is one of my favorites this year, 
  i like her as a rival to asuka for shinji 's love and it amuses me that asuka gets really really jealous when someone out of the blue appears and gets ikari 's interest and affection . 
  even mana eventually `` became the mask '' and started falling in love for real . 
  i did try myself searching for them with no luck . 
  i `` m a simple man . 
  you have made an interesting point . 
  kaworu perhaps could offer the emotional support that asuka needs at least before he gets killed for his angelic nature ( and that fucks her up ) , just like he did with shinji in canon ( even though i hate kawoshin i 've got to admit it ) . 
  the objections to asushin are the strongest part , it seems indeed that they do n't have much in common and it 'd be an abusive relationship . 
  i think asuka and shinji might get together later ... after each one of them solves issues of his/her own , brilliantly done in some fanfics but unfortunately in canon although they care for each other , deeply they 're not ready to date each other . 
  i think kaworu became an emotional source of support for shinji when everyone else did n't . 
  that 's the great thing about him shinji needed a friend and confidant and kaworu became it . 
  was there any romantic feelings ? 
  hard to say , at 13 years old most people are confused about their sexuality and it 's possible that for shinji was a phase or that he 's bisexual or gay , yet the evidence for his heterosexuality/bisexuality is often ignored by the yaoi fandom . 
  netherless kaworu in my pov is a fraud that took advantage of shinji 's emotional distress and betrayed him when he felt ready to start instrumentality . . and he did n't chose lilims to live , tarbis only did it because it was lilith not adam the one in the terminal dogma and he failed his propose and seele/nerv would kill him regardless what he did , so he died on his own terms and taking the rest of shinji 's sanity and will to live . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  but even though kaworu was there for ikari when he need it the most , he also hurt him as much as asuka or his father . 
  after decades of russian and german proximity ... can you blame them ? 
  off topic : i ca n't use the spoiler code !, 
  help, 
  never mind, 
  i dropped girls und panzer because i always fell asleep at the very first 10 minutes of the first episode, 
  they were n't a bad couple ( even if others were better in my opinion ) and i was really happy for her character development and finally getting together ... just that the time skip ruined for me , irl no one would get away with ghosting for a year and then coming back and `` welcome back honey , i love you , everything is just like when you got away '' . 
  nether-less leaving him and their friends after all the drama that they lived and as far as we can know ( because there 's no evidence that she kept in touch ) ` ghosting ' and ( probably ) causing suffering in his and their friends life and getting away with keeping his love , it pisses me off . 
  that would be a better ending . 
  going away for the summer heals easier on them than one entire year, 
  i suppose you 're right ... making amends with her family is more important . 
  yet if i were ryuuji i would n't have forgiven her departure that easily and i 'd be very bitter with her , not just a `` hey long time no see , i love you let 's get back together '', 
  even worse some like the manipulative creature whom took advantage of shinji 's vulnerability and ditch him easily and destroy the rest of his little sanity at moment he kills him . 
  thsi monster is known as kaworu nagisa . 
  i 'm curious now , what 's your favourite anime ? 
  anglicanism = catholic lite, 
  the 1.11 movie is almost identical to the episodes 1-6 . 
  after episode 7 things will get very different . 
  as someone has already said some of the plotlines have been spoiled to you by the movies , but i think it wo n't make you enjoy eva less . 
  watch the episodes 1-24 then 25 and 26 and after some time eoe . 
  i would n't marathon it if i were seeing it as a first timer , even though you know a lot of the plot it 's still a very psychologically dense anime . 
  enjoy it . 
  i think it is a very reasonable timespan, 
  using a lot of money or illegally, 
  the rest of the world might not be as destroyed by the impact . 
  besides kaworu was telling him at best half-truths downplaying nerv and his own role stopping the near third impact and an unknown role in the actual third ( suggested by the after credits scene and the 3.0 preview ) i insist canada is really far from tokyo 3 and willie 's equipment suggest that they have a important industrial capacity to build and repair 2 evas and a giant airship . 
  well that 's true . 
  we do n't know the extension of the actual rebuild 's third impact . 
  confused but satisfied . 
  at least it kinda closed the series plot unlike episides 25 and 26, 
  shinji and the doctor . 
  it 's one of the best written crossovers i 've ever read . 
  even if you 're new to doctor who it introduces its elements smoothly and if you are already a whovian you 'll note thousands of references . 
  the 10th doctor while he has issues also has 900 years of experience dealing with universe destroying disasters and his presence changes the world a lot .
