  i think that for him the incest would be with sansa and arya , who happen to be raised with him , as he said in this episode , dany is a stranger who has lived her entire life in another continent . 
  besides that even irl a relative incest was common in royal families . 
  marrying one 's cousin or even aunt would n't be that unusual . 
  this is a very complete analysis of the black family situation in the late 20th century . 
  thank you very much for taking your time to write this . 
  it 's very interesting that ron might have a stronger claim than harry and even draco to ` lord black title ' if this title follows traditional european rules . 
  perhaps lucius and draco are n't that interesred in the lord black title because themselves might actually have their own title ( the malfoy one ) , and as i said earlier , the headship might or not be inherited along with the material possessions ( that probably can be given freely in a will to whoever the owner considers it ) . 
  how ever this ` heir without a possessions ' it 's very unlikely because the tradition usually have the heir keep most of the main state and gave to the other offspring token gifts at best . 
  perhaps they could have their own system , after all they 've been ` isolated ' from muggle law for centuries . 
  these laws and traditions probably had influenced their own , because their centuries living together and even the muggleborns joining wizarding society . 
  i doubt so , though , because if the inheritance system was like the one from muggle britain , the heirs and head of houses that benefited from it would be ... 
  reluctant to change it . 
  it could , but it 'd made succesion quite chaotic , siblings fighting against each other if the father did n't state who would inherit the title , an occasional new claimant over there joining the fight . 
  it could be like some dynastic wars . 
  if the title goes automatically to the first born lots of problems are avoided . 
  what ships are in the fight ? 
  i see . 
  now i 'll go watch the tumblr drama . 
  linkao3 ( the lion of the north ) jaime becomes horrified with robert 's treatment of children , befriends ned and starts a new as a lord in the north . 
  linkffn ( a boy and his cloak ), 
  it would be totaly ooc why the hell james would stalk lily for centuries if he likes dicks . 
  it makes no freaking sense . 
  i 'd like her as a nice , but shy girl who cares little about politics and prefers arthimancy or astronomy or runes or some other ' i do n't wan na fight dark lords ' subjects . 
  probably would be a dean or seamus in malfoy 's life : she 's there , they usually friendly with each other but are n't friends and probably do n't care that much about what the other one does or thinks . 
  cunning as a good old slytherin but she 's interested more in academia or people . 
  she 'd probably convince harry to emigrate aftet the war is over . 
  i 'd never seen her portrayed this way , but i 'd like a non-ice queen of slytherin fic for once . 
  ( even my favourite hapnes suffer this trope ), 
  then he could marry a random nice enough witch . 
  to keep cover . 
  there be no real reason to be a freaking stalker towards evans . 
  since snape worst memory ( and probably before ) he wanted lily to date him , why if he likes men ? 
  that 's ( at least ) two years yearning after the same girl ... he could have pick anyone as his beard . 
  his unhealthy obsession with lily ( at least for me ) breaks the suspension of disbelief for this idea . 
  as cliche as it sounds every time someone says ` magic cores ' and them been depleted or exhausted or recharging i roll my eyes . 
  shamelessly stolen from tumblr . 
  if someone knows the author credit him/her . 
  and the plan backfired ... spectacularly . 
  i like it xd, 
  you should put yourself a flair so you do n't need to tell us your nationality, 
  it 's easy . 
  former colonial borders are sacrosanct in africa because many countries could be broken apart by ethinc , religious and linguistic divisions, 
  i suppouse that anyone would prefer hell to eat swedish food . 
  well done op, 
  that 's a mental image i did n't need, 
  enjoy it before it gets send to jlp, 
  have you post it in the asoiaf and game of thrones related subreddits ? 
  to get new users, 
  the fic is named : sneaking into your dreams ... as the title says arya has been sleeping in jon 's bed since she was a toddler , what will happen when they start growing up and king robert is on his way to winterfell, 
  i do n't usually like this ship , but this fic deserves a chance check it up . 
  i 'm currently reading linkao3 ( our choices seal our fates ) . 
  it happens in a world where king rhaegar won and stood in power . 
  he decides to send his son jon targaryen to be fostered by ned in winterfell . 
  the sub was created by / u/psantium . 
  we 're both active users of the harry potter fan fiction 's subreddit r/hpfanfiction, 
  one day a got thread was made and he/she realized that there was no got fanfiction subreddit . 
  so he made it . 
  give it love and help it grow . 
  close enough . 
  linkao3 ( 31644 ), 
  linkffn ( missing pieces ) and linkao3 ( 31644 ), 
  wrong fic . 
  this one is the missing pieces i meant . 
  linkffn ( 3107536 ), 
  south sudan is a shithole hell on earth that not even its inhabitants like, 
  the navy seal copypasta in swedish . 
  beautiful, 
  these are n't readers ... 
  they 're watchers, 
  not yet my friend . 
  it 's our duty to show them the light of the boatsex . 
  just like r/hpfanfiction, 
  i 'm reding our choices . 
  one of the best fics i 've ever read . 
  perhaps it could be divided to include the era before robert 's rebellion or the dance of the dragons , but i do n't think that there are many fics in those timeframes to justify such rearrangement . 
  the thing that bothers me is the tagging system in archive of our own . 
  it 's both a blessing and a curse , because it may help you to find something very specific ( like a femharry/hermione femslash ) but some authors usually overload it with too many tags that mention unimportant things like a secondary romance between minor characters ( like seamus/blaise ) and i 'm like `` dear god who the hell cares !!! '', 
  it happens in the series the songs of the north , near the end of the first fic linkao3 ( the lion of the north ) it 's not the main focus of the story but it becomes relevant in the sequels . 
  linkffn ( harry potter and the champion 's champion ) and linkffn ( make a wish by rorschach 's blot ), 
  a new / u/cupbeempty comic !, 
  only something as unusual as an eclipse could have made it possible !, 
  i think daphne is just a very common oc with a canon name . 
  sometimes i like her , many times not . 
  she 's whoever the author decides she is , that 's the best and the worst of her . 
  that 's the reason many countries change their constitutions every once in a while . 
  to better adapt to modern times . 
  only the us has a constitution that old ( besides britain ), 
  here . 
  have [ some ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7yldb7o.png ) it will help, 
  whether he sleeps with ginny or not , it 's only ginny 's business not his . 
  to be fair if snape or macgonagall or sinistra have children or date with someone is not something they would tell their students . 
  typical american , would n't know the country even if it threats them with nuclear missiles in a twitter war . 
  best korea was the intended target, 
  if you are into au . 
  you could like linkao3 ( the lion of the north ) and my new favorite linkao3 ( a song for dragons ), 
  fair point . 
  5 days a week . 
  45 minutes of cardio and 1 hour and a half of bodybuilding exercises, 
  jean grey naturally, 
  they should consider themselves lucky then .
