  that 's what makes him interesting ... 
  a pathetic cunt who fighted with the light , and for his efforts , deserves at least be acknowledged as that . 
  at least for me he could looked like peter and i 'd like him/pity him the same, 
  i 'm sorry if i had any grammar errors or the sentences are weird . 
  english is n't my first language . 
  this one is complete and imo one of the best hapne stories out there, 
  nice art !, 
  linkffn ( seventh horcrux ) ,, 
  linkffn ( harry mcgonagall ), 
  linkffn ( contractual invalidations ), 
  linkffn ( hermione granger and the marriage law revolution ), 
  linkffn ( come once again and love me by laventadorm ), 
  linkffn ( harry loves ginny ginny loves harry ), 
  linkffn ( ananke ), 
  also linkffn ( hail odysseus ) and linkffn ( delenda est ), 
  do n't worry , the almighty mods delete them as soon as detected, 
  go to the gym . 
  really i wish i 'd learnt it 90 pounds ago . 
  he 's gon na backstab may ... like he did with boris a year ago, 
  i 'll respect that . 
  as a sign of good will i 'll delete the comment . 
  he deserves nothing less, 
  it looks a lot like the casta system in the spanish colonies https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/casta, 
  sometimes they believe themselves the new god 's chosen people, 
  is this a parody or a genuinely so bad it 's good/guilty pleasure fic ? 
  linkffn ( contractual invalidations ), 
  linkffn ( come once again and love me ), 
  linkffn ( seventh horocrux ), 
  three very different yet magnificent fics . 
  unforgettables imho, 
  male 24 , emma roberts, 
  snape says fuck britain and moves to france . 
  years later the potters accidentaly find him when they 're looking for mercenaries because the light is losing the war . 
  after some apologies and lost of begging , they convince him to help them . 
  the story will not be a snily . 
  if i had confidence in my writing skills and my english proficiency i 'd write it myself, 
  technically the hobbit was published first . 
  nonetheless i agree , we want more, 
  i specially want to see a young lily , she was the only one who did n't fall from a pedestal . 
  i want to read her human side and her imperfections . 
   i 'd also say that hermione is more actively malicious than ron . 
  she disfigures cho 's friend , traps rita skeeter in a bottle for weeks and does some petty shit in her 6th year . 
  unlike ron , hermione actually plans to do cruel things, 
  you made me start re-reding linkffn ( seventh horocrux ) , because just as harrymont said she 's a dark lady in training ... and she does n't even realise it . 
  if you are only going to read a snily in your life , this one should be . 
  both are in character and it 's so slowburn that you do n't even realise it . 
  linkffn ( come once again and love me ), 
  linkffn ( delenda est ) has harry physically traveling to the past, 
  i love harry/hermione and i also like to a lesser extent harry/luna , harry/dapne and ron/luna . 
  if it 's well written i 'd read a harry/ginny or wolfstar ( coolest ship name ever ) and even i 'd be open to drarry . 
  i have a soft spot for snily , unfortunately must of their fics are ooc, 
  i would n't be suprised that this trope is written and enjoyed by angst filled teenagers, 
  or edit the wikipedia, 
  i thought you were asking for a doctor who crossover, 
  i enjoy more than i should weasley bashing ,, 
  i also finish crappy fics if the premise is interesting enough . 
  linkffn ( alternate scene by the lake 4 ) has severus snaping his wand and quitting the wizarding world ( or doea he ) . 
  includes a manipulative dumbledore , blindly loyal minerva , idiotic maraunders and lily having a mental debate with her slytherin and ravenclaw sides . 
  it 's a shitty fic , and now i 'm going to re read it . 
  apparently the author is revising the fic ( may 2017 ) , perhaps he 'll correct some mistakes and hopefully expand it . 
  fanfiction is full of stories like these . 
  you should just open fanfiction.net and you 'll find them, 
  there was a harry/muggle oc who was his neighbour and became her friend since childhood , she was the little sister odf dudley 's best friend ca n't remember the name , sorry . 
  that 's the one !, 
  the mismatched wand of neville is ridiculous . 
  after all the longbottoms are a old pure blood family . 
  they undoubtedly know the importance of a well match wand . 
  i do like the ` basal appearance ' of the methamorphumagus . 
  after even if they can change at will , some traits from her parents should be there . 
  after all magic does n't present it self at birth , the accidental magic occurs later in life . 
  the idea that this special kind of wizard does n't have a ` normal ' face and was morphing since birth is idiotic, 
  edit : paradoxically , neville 's first wand was mismatched because it belonged to his father . 
  this is canon . 
  i 'd think that mrs. longbottom should have known better than that . 
  i just checked the wiki . 
  against my expectations , neville 's first wand was from his father . 
  not even the weasleys in their poverty had recycled wands . 
  i 'd believe that augusta longbottom should know better than that . 
  10/10 would read, 
  it 's not what you asked but in linkffn ( the augurey ) harry rescues delphi and raises her as his own because he feels guilty about the death of her parents ( only harry could think something like that ! ), 
  hermione also is very involved in their lives . 
  ginny has just met harry potter !!, 
  in a letter george and fred tell her that she should write him so she does and they become pen pals . 
  a cute little story with letters from ginny to harry and harry to ginny . 
  at the moment still canon complait with the philosopher 's stone, 
  because it 's rude and racist to even imply religion 's role in social problems because it 's the current year, 
  it 's a whole subgenre in snily fics . 
  unfortunately i ca n't remember any fic worthy of been recomended with this premise : /, 
  edit : spelling . 
  i greeted her , and then a polite small talk and then we parted ways to our destinations . 
  it was n't a very amicable break up but we are at least civilized with each other, 
  i 'm 24 . 
  probably 20 to 28 . 
  i could date a 18 year old if she was a very exceptional case . 
  i 'm not interested in dating someone older than 39 right now, 
  yes , although i 'm not heartbroken anymore , i just do n't need her or want her in my life , yet that 's not an excuse to be rude . 
  being the rebound guy sucks . 
  never again, 
  yes , it was a misspelling . 
  harry and hermione got married in 4th year,
