  hikari : just tell him you like him !, 
  toji : do n't get in the robot , not worth it, 
  kensuke : trust me , you do n't wan na be in shinji 's place, 
  kagi : run you fool !, 
  someone is after you , and he 's / she 's not planning to hug you, 
  maya : ask her out , you 've nothing to lose . 
  aoba : you rock !, 
  quit this shitty job and become a musician, 
  hyuga : she 's into someone else . 
  move on , sorry man, 
  ritsuko : he does n't love you , you 're a pawn . 
  fuyutsuki : i have to know ... why are you still here ? 
  you hate this man and yui is gone , and you 've never believed in instrumentality , why are you sticking around ? 
  gendo : you 're a heartless and incompetent cunt . 
  also yui wo n't return to you , she 's gone ikari , this plan of yours will only result in failure . 
  kaworu : why did you got close to shinji knowing that he 'd have to kill you later ? 
  keil lorenz : you 're an arrogant git playing god for your personal glory and power . 
  mari : you should totaly date both asuka and shinji . 
  at the same time, 
  now that 's a beautiful coat of arms !, 
  you 're the cruz azul of polandball ( for those unfamiliar with mexican soccer league , the cruz azul is the ethernal second place ), 
  yet you always put our country 's name in glory.and yours was my favorite entry . 
  live more ( spanish : vive m\u00e1s ), 
  el mayor problema de margarita es calder\u00f3n . 
  anaya seria probablemente un candidato mas elegible . 
  ( trowns mace windu out of the window ), 
  seventh year is still believable . 
  i mean in 4th or 5th year . 
  like certain on-going harmony that i could n't finish because imho it `` jumped the shark '', 
  i was reading this article and i wanted the opinion of some other history fanatics , specially the british . 
  was , as suggested by this article the glorious revolution a succesful invasion and the installment of a foregin monarch ? 
  do n't make him feel bad if glorious / u/fvblt can get two hussars so can he . 
  ( no offense intended please no ban ), 
  edit : it 's almost impossible to tag / u/fvblt, 
  everyday we 're straying further away from god . 
  so he moved to england ? 
  linkffn ( harry potter and the temporal beacon ) might be of your liking . 
  promising but unfortunaly incomplete . 
  indeed . 
  the idea was very promising but the fic became later way over the top and confusing although imho it did n't jump the shark . 
  it 's the only harmony where both time travel that i know though . 
  link ? 
  it 's repost then ( turns on lightsaber ), 
  perhaps the only harry/daphne that i 've truly liked linkffn ( 11697407 ) and linkffn ( 9415372 ), 
  damn !, 
  you poor soul i watched just 3 years ago when i was 21 . 
  if i had watched before that it probably would have broken me . 
  at least the manga helped you heal . 
  snape has actually had sex with many women but he ca n't enjoy it completely because he still misses lily , and because of her , he 'd never date a redhead . 
  harry returned to the drusley 's after the war just to hex and scare uncle vernon . 
  hermione 's parents recovered their memories and are pissed as fuck with their daughter . 
  although harry managed to clean snape 's name and make everyone realize that he was in the light all along , the bad teaching and terrible behavior of severus have made that nobody admires him until its the 2100s . 
  the blood purity issue will eventually cause another war , voldemort and grindewald were symptoms not the root of the problem . 
  harry/pansy because oposites attract , very hot sex and perhaps eventually love , it can only happen as they 're both adults though , in hogwarts years it seems unlikely , specially if she 's seen as malfoy 's . 
  before i knew that dumbledore was gay and his love for grindewald , i shipped him with minerva , but as an unrequited love from her or we 're profesionals and do n't date colleagues sort of thing . 
  bellatrix loves good old voldie , but he only uses her to satisfy certain needs ... 
  severus/narcissa needs more fics . 
  perhaps it would only be an fling that 's only physical ( they both care about lucius and they feel guilty about it ) . 
  i would n't be suprised if lucius cheated her and she fucked with someone else to revenge . 
  it 's usually called ` edging ' because you 're just in the edge/limit . 
  for some people count for others not so much , it depends in the goals set by them . 
  imo it does count because you 'd get most of the fapping experience even if you wo n't get an orgasm . 
  i try not to . 
  relapsing is very easy if you edge , that 's why it must be avoided, 
  would you accept one where he 's raised by her nephew linkffn ( harry mcgonagall ) and its sequel linkffn ( harry potter mcgonagall ) ? 
  i agree , i usually stop reading after a poll unless i 'm really hooked . 
  it only shows that the writer has no clue of what he/she/stupid sjw pronoun is doing with the story, 
  that does n't stop dramione/drarry shippers . 
  a bigot and an asshole ends up with a muggleborn or his enemy ... really ? 
  it 's almost like she wanted to lose, 
  i also second this recommendation . 
  i literaly read 500 pages a day . 
  it 's been years since a book had me that hooked up . 
  hate sex is the best sex . 
  rebel propaganda slandering our glorious troops . 
  the artist must be found and punished . 
  my favouritr linkffn ( parkinson 's knickers ( or lack of thereof ) ), 
  any pairings ? 
  are you ok with snape apologism ? 
  any trope or characher in particular ? 
  only the best ( imho ) for you . 
  each one is . 
  a unique take on the same basic concept . 
  linkffn ( 4400517 ) linkffn ( 9088663 ) linkffn ( 4936966 ) linkffn ( 4912291 ) linkffn ( 12129370 ), 
  i see her as a blonde . 
  perhaps because it was her colour in the very first hapne i read . 
  other autors write her as a brunette ( never a ginger , that 's a weasley priviledge apparently ) , i just ca n't imagine her without her blonde hair . 
  this . 
  how could i forget this one . 
  a very well written story . 
  no , you are n't using espanglish , you 're just mixing the two languages ( technically speaking it 's called ` code switching ' . 
  spanglish usually includes non sensical expressions that borrow from both languages like `` parkear la troca '' ( english : to park the truck / espa\u00f1ol : estacionar la camioneta ) or `` vacunar la carpeta '' ( to vacuum the carpet/aspirar la alfombra ) . 
  that 's why imo it 's an aberration , because it mixes and makes unintelligible phrases . 
  si no vas con la corriente te quitan puntos . 
  i 'll never stop recomending this fic linkffn ( parkinson 's knickers ( or lack of there of ) ), 
  two almost canon compliant fic that eventually changes things so beautifully that is at least for me almost a headcanon . 
  linkffn ( 9088663 ) and linkffn ( 11923164 ), 
  one is a no pairing the other is a very slow burn ss/le . 
  if you are going to read only one snape/lily in your life , this could be the worthy one / u/oroger, 
  i will rewatch it later , looking for the clues , if they 're exist , i 'll found them,
