  i 'd never forget when i was here for the very first time . 
  i was just 7 years old and my granpa link took me here after i tamed my first horse in the lon lon ranch . 
  he , the great hero of time , had a very peaceful life after his adventures , taking my grandma malon here every year to swim and take sun baths . 
  they 'd kept doing it for years , and i was invited this time . 
  we eated a roast chicken and then we sailed in the lake until the sunset . 
  then my granpa told me ( again ) how he met the queen zelda and help to save hyrule . 
  we visited lake hylia many more times , yet that one , was for me magical . 
  and today i bought my little kid lik iii with me and my parents . 
  i hope he enjoys it as much as i did when i was his age . 
  love the eu 28 ave. that 's attention to details, 
  i 'd read that in a heartbeat . 
  seconded . 
  one of the best comedy fics, 
  linkffn ( adorable violence ) and linkffn ( 2925850 ) are imho top comedy . 
  harry rescued by mcgonagall and he 's raised in america by her nephew in linkffn ( harry mcgonagall ) amd it 's sequel linkffn ( harry potter mcgonagall ), 
  a prince rising is a wonderful fic . 
  it literally covers everything . 
  the others are ok as well , breaking rje mold is interesting enough for me that i 'll read it even if it 's a slash fic ( i usually avoid them like the plague ) . 
  thanks for the recomendations . 
  as much as i dislike him , kaworu did indeed got better development in 3.33 ( still much of his thoughts and motivations are a mistery to us ), 
  rei 's route was different in the rebuilds . 
  but all of that was lost in you can ( not ) redo . 
  although the reiq ( who right now it 's just an automat ) could get a personality later, 
  remove city , manchester united master race !, 
  becomimg the polandball semi-official archiver has its karma benefits . 
  i never doubted his/her competency . 
  he 's / she 's absolutely the best at this . 
  and now with banhammer . 
  ( pleasw no ban ), 
  taxistas conduciendo de la verga . 
  a weeaboo word that means cute crazy bitch . 
  think the ` overly attached girlfried ' on steroids, 
  it 's not completely cliche free but its probably one of the good enough hapne fics . 
  linkffn ( beltane child ), 
  i 'm suprised about how often this topic comes up . 
  i 've been an active user in this sub for 2 months and i 've seen this question been ask at least 8 times . 
  ## happy canada day folks ##, 
  what does the russian text say ? 
  you 'll love linkffn ( 5485394 ), 
  i 'm sure you 've probably read the most recomended ones : linkffn ( ananke ) linkffn ( obscura nox animae ) linkffn ( 4936966 ) linkffn ( 12129370 ) linkffn ( 8134710 ), 
  linkffn ( 12129370 ) linkffn ( 9425774 ) linkffn ( 7919460 ) linkffn ( 6306296 ) linkffn ( 7670834 ) linkffn ( 11266220 ) linkffn ( 12369512 ) linkffn ( 6613973 ), 
  i hope you like them . 
  i have more but i 'd need more time to look for them in my favourites . 
  these are the ones i could remember . 
  this is a good example of r/upliftingnews, 
  unfortunaly there 's not many fics to choose in this ship , almost nobody ships them ( i 'd say most are hostile to snily ) . 
  even most of the fics i 've favorited are just good enough , not the very best . 
  imo it 's way easier to find a decent snily than a decent hapne , but the struggle is real , most of the fics about them are n't really good or clich\u00e9 free . 
  linkffn ( harry mcgonagall ) . 
  an au where harry is raised by mcgonagall 's nephew in america . 
  slow burn harmony . 
  i 'm a little r/outoftheloop what does obscurial/obscurus mean ? 
  that sounds so awesome, 
  sometimes you 've got to be the autor you wan na read, 
  my favorite harryluna : missing pieces . 
  they got together without even noticing it . 
  linkffn ( 3107536 ), 
  i love that german national football shirt . 
  el resto son ranchos gigantes, 
  you 're not alone . 
  but it 's really hard to find a fic without most of those tropes . 
  somehow sirius became a womanizer and james an idiot . 
  even though i do n't like them i can recognize that they were as brilliant as harry in their time , perhaps even more . 
  also snape had friends , evil friends , yet friends netherless.after all they were the bad influence that annoyed lily . 
  i do n't know where this tropes came from , yet they 've been taken as canon by many . 
  there 's one where harry and hermione adopt 20 children or something like that . 
  cant remember the title, 
  slash ,, 
  dramione, 
  femharry ,, 
  undergoing major editing, 
  twin ( except if the twin is a weasley ), 
  wbwl ( exceptions appy if the rest of the summary is interesting ), 
  do n't like , do n't read, 
  in general ( but i 'm in fact open minded enough to try reading must of them ) those who use adjectives to describe characters . 
  like manipulativedumbledore . 
  evilron , goodtom . 
  yet some of them are good an this is a minor annoyance compared with the rest of the list . 
  well ... if you want to describe completely a story you might get something like `` harry thinks that life is worthless after sirius death , could draco change that ? 
  rated m for safety '' or something as horrific as that . 
  imho a summary must hook you up into reading the story not just telling you it 's a harryluna after slughorn 's party, 
  hear hear !, 
  thank you for recomending this , i 'll read it soon . 
  ( even if i 'm not op ), 
  i hope i do n't accidentally start a trend among bad fics . 
  yes . 
  but i wo n't edit it because it goes well with the parody of common terrible summaries . 
  inded it was a typo . 
  damn mobile haha . 
  ( blairite hat on ) you can conscript them and send them to fight isis / s, 
  linkffn ( missing pieces ), 
  wrong fic sorry . 
  it 's linkffn ( 3107536 ), 
  not my favourite but linkffn ( adorable violence ) is the story of a sociopathic hermione who tortures in unusual and sometimes dark ways everybody for daring to look her cuddles slave harry or dares to interrupt her reading , not even creatures of ancient evil can stand in her way . 
  very au little characters development . 
  i second the request . 
  bonus if he dates that girl who lived, 
  blosssom , buttercup and bubbles . 
  ridiculous nicknames like dumbles , voldy-shorts or even mione . 
  i tend to ` nope ' after i read them .
