  tell that to the creators of that awful show ( imho ) steven universe . 
  although it came after korra, 
  basically , you only could see it . 
  if you have shipping goggles , and know that is canon , in a rewatch everyone can see it ( they 're wearing the goggles as well ) ? 
  i like your idea that it was a slow developing attraction and its perhaps only beginning a possible future romance . 
  yours btw , it 's probably the best answer because you took the time to write a lengthy response and use gifs to ilustrate your point . 
  when i do my rewatch i 'll try to pay more attention to the character 's relationships . 
  there was one , i ca n't remember the name , where ginny leaves harry for scorpious malfoy . 
  then he gets together with luna, 
  thanks !, 
  reeeeeeee, 
  25 year old male . 
  agree with everything except snape . 
  i like him very much as a character even though he usually is cunt . 
  to op those fics are the real deal . 
  you should read them . 
  a very old ( published 2 years before legend of korra 's release ) but covers many humorous ` book sources ' in that about the gaang and some secondary characters their lives during and after the war . 
  i know it sounds very dry and not interesting , and because of that i 'll leave my favorite chapter as a reading sample . 
  chapter 7 : a cabbage merchant remembers, 
  a cabbage merchant remembers . 
  this autobiography by ga'ai - shi is interesting for a number of reasons : he lived through the end of the hundred years ' war , witnessing from a commoner 's point of view the changes occurring at that time ; he lived in ba sing se at the end of that war , always a city of interest for historians of that time ; and his sudden changes in fortune have caused his name to become a household word . 
  more importantly for our purposes , he details several encounters with avatar aang , who was his contemporary . 
  among the descriptions of his travels and toils in the earth kingdom he records a number of encounters with avatar aang , a quick description of which would not be out of place here . 
  he records that while he was trying to sell his cabbages in omashu , a certain group of children -- one of who turned out to be a young avatar aang -- fell from the sky onto his cart and `` utterly demolished it , leaving not so much as a single atom of it intact '' . 
  they were taken before bumi i -- then king of omashu -- and paradoxically `` sentenced '' to a feast , to ga'ai - shi 's horror . 
  his anger at this sentence is evidenced by the subsequent ten-page polemic on `` crazy kings '' and `` cities of idiots '' . 
  however strange and improbable the situation seems , however , it is verified by the official record of the time . 
  in one of the many scrolls written by the court scribes of the period we find it recorded that a group of children , accused of the malicious destruction of cabbages , was sentenced to dine with the king . 
  ga'ai - shi 's claim that this occurred a second time a day or two later , with king bumi i himself falling onto the cart , seems to be unsubstantiated . 
  a second encounter with the avatar occurred in an unnamed port . 
  ga'ai - shi cites this as the time he became `` absolutely sure that this miscreant was none other than the avatar himself '' . 
  it appears that the avatar and his friends were being pursued ; avatar aang most ungraciously airbended the cabbage cart into their pursuers to delay their advance , and this act was what informed the merchant of this child 's identity . 
  there appears to be no other evidence for this occurrence . 
  after these encounters he moved to ba sing se , where he seemed to have no trouble from the avatar except during the tumultuous creation of the then-new ba sing se zoo , when a rabbiroo apparently released by avatar aang started eating his cabbages . 
  unsurprisingly , by this time ga'ai - shi holds an extreme hatred for the avatar , even calling for his death . 
  he continued to sell cabbages during the fire nation occupation of ba sing se . 
  his fortunes increased in the years following the end of the hundred years ' war , causing him to move to gaoling and opening what is generally accepted as the first supermarket there . 
  the concept caught on , and his wealth was propelled to great heights . 
  unfortunately , a freak accident involving a great earthquake and the subsequent insanity of a water tribe man who happened to be in gaoling at the time led to the destruction of both ga'ai - shi 's house and supermarket . 
  the account breaks off here , though it is known that he resumed the trade of cabbage merchant later in his life . 
  a cabbage merchant remembers sold tolerably well upon its release ; it was never very popular , and relatively few copies remain today . 
  nevertheless the book is well known for its angry , hostile tone , and its style has been parodied many times . 
  nowadays it may be found mostly in old bookshops and libraries . 
  hahahhaah silly china ca n't stay unified, 
  at least mexico has an own culture , not diet american knock off . 
  i did n't knew i needed this in my life until now, 
  linkffn ( 10595005 ), 
  linkffn ( 10595005 ), 
  linkffn ( 10595005 ), 
  do n't be so hard on yourself . 
  you 're doing the best you can and someday you 'll remember this and laugh out loud . 
  keep it up . 
  i pronouce it as see-ko, 
  that 's why i do n't read many slytherinharry fics . 
  they tend to idealize the so called pureblood values and bigot attitudes . 
  if you want the complete oposite to this pureblood loving fics , you must read linkffn ( hermione granger and the marriage law revolution ) . 
  where all this elitist non sense is purged like in the french reign of terror . 
  the founders, 
  mexico is now glorious north american , so the next southern country becomes the cheap workforce / s, 
  i enjoyed this one very much . 
  a crack fic that pictures the harry/pansy ship in the most hilarious way i can imagine . 
  linkffn ( 2925850 ) . 
  and this one a very loving but really psyco hermione . 
  linkffn ( adorable violence ), 
  anti ron harmony crackfic linkffn ( harry potter and the champion 's champion ) harry uses a loophole to make ron his replacement in the tournament . 
  imho it 's pure comedy gold . 
  reeeeeeeeee, 
  i love this automoderator, 
  it has helped me many times . 
  without a doubt linkffn ( obscura nox animae ) . 
  sometimes i open a chapter because i love how it was written and then i read 25 chapters even though i was n't meant to do it, 
  let 's see you do better, 
  i was 5 , living in northern mexico, 
  well hahaha , i 'm curious now , why do you think it ? 
  marry hermione coitus luna, 
  it alternates between lily 's and snape 's, 
  a charismatic leader for the blood purist would n't be that hard , i 'm pretty sure someone can occupy that niche easyly . 
  that harry and more importantly hermione would allow pureblood ideas continue uncontested is very unlikely , though that does n't mean that they could erode hundreds of years of discrimination completely . 
  after all ideas sometimes are hard remove from a population and probably some blood purists might try to defend them . 
  it could be possible . 
  although to get followers this dark wizard would need an idea to rally and unite his/her troops . 
  an interesting scenario would be a muggleborn lord that uses equality ( among wizards and perhaps even with beings ) as the idea to get in power . 
  probably . 
  but i 'm talking about 50 years from 1997 . 
  in this time at least a new generation of dark wizards can raise , they could be even younger than harry 's children . 
  and as current politics that we wo n't discuss here have shown us , that an idea becomes politically incorrect and nobody openly supports it , it does n't mean it ca n't become popular again . 
  though , you 're right that a uncorrupt ministry would make things quite hard for blood supremacist . 
  the incompetence of the ministry allowed both voldemort 's rises to power, 
  i 'm also reading it and i love it . 
  just remember that people that do n't hate snape are a little uncommon here , so do n't mind if your excellent recommendation gets ignored . 
  may he rest in peace . 
  cedric did n't die , he secretly scaped to america and became a hippie vampire, 
  he 'd hug it and cry himsefl to sleep every night . 
  yet , he 'd still crucio the prankster into oblivion . 
  the house would get a point deficit for at least 5 years . 
  leakealo a la chingada . 
  i open the door of my little cabin and then i take a moment to feel the sunshine in my naked torso and the blowing fresh wind running through my hair . 
  a smile forms in my face and i start running to this beautiful lake . 
  i had n't gotten very far when i heard a sweet voice telling me `` wait for me daddy '' . 
  my son just made me remember the happiest day of my life .
