  let 's say i 'm interested in mayan history , there 's plenty of information written about them in english , but must likely there would be much more data in spanish , the language spoken currently in mexico and central america . 
  if i wanted to make an extensive review on a particular subject ( for example : classical period mayans and their relationship with teotihuacan ) should i use spanish language sources as well or i could manage with only sources in english ? 
  is it common for historians to inmerse themselves in secondary sources written in other languages ( and if they do , do they use a translator ? ), 
  or historians usually stick to thier native languages . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 've just started reading a fic called the legacy . 
  by storytellerspw linkffn ( 9774121 ) because i read it somewhere here around two days ago . 
  i 'm halfway through and i do n't know if i hate the user who reccomended it for killing my productivity and my weekend or love you for a beautiful written , very intense fic with massive amounts of character development and a completely pausible au that even somehow avoids demonizing dumbledore and snape and adds masive amouts of believable magical theory . 
  a fic that defies and could even redifine some of the most hated tropes in the fandom : marriage contracts , alternative solving of the horrocrux situation , grey harry , very slow burn harry/daphne . 
  among others . 
  i have n't read a fic that immersive or well written since some of my favorites like the seventh horrocrux , hermione granger and the marriage law revolution , or ananke . 
  a true must read . 
  [ removed ], 
  a fic where cho realizes that harry was right about voldemort and she should have believed him and should n't have had so much resentment about cedric 's death . 
  pairing and reconciliation optional, 
  something like `` back to the future '' or `` steins gate '' where the protagonist actually makes worst the future because he/she messed with the timelines and has to fix it . 
  just a very random thought . 
  the muggle prime minister is never named in the books or movies . 
  yet if the series had taken place in our world the muggle pm in the hogwarts years would have been jonh major ( except in 1997 when tony blair would have become the pm ) and when harry was a child would be margaret thatcher . 
  and in the cursed child would be david cameron/theresa may . 
  that 's of course , if the novels are in our world , if not , the muggle pm could be anyone . 
  so the silly question , do you think that rowling wrote the books as if the characters and us live in the same world ? 
  the spell that apparently dumbledore did after lily 's death to protect harry as long as he lived in the drusley 's home . 
  it did n't matter if he was abused , unwanted or miserable . 
  he had to stay there . 
  so i have some doubts . 
  why the ` blood ward ' did n't fail after voldemort used harry 's blood in his resurrection ritual ? 
  it 's pretty unlikely that harry was the only child whose parents were murdered by death eaters ... 
  should n't this magic be more common ? 
  were the drusley 's the only option ? 
  even after years of being neglected ... was it truly necessary that he lived there ? 
  i think i 've never read a fic where those cunts recieve the retribution they have earned for years . 
  bonus points if other characters also curse or hex them . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  the prophecy states : ` the one with the power to vanquish the dark lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him , born as the seventh month dies ... ** and the dark lord will mark him as his equal ** , but he will have power the dark lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the dark lord will be born as the seventh month dies ... ', 
  clearly one part of the aforementioned prophecy clearly says that voldemort must mark harry or neville , and obviously to mark them he must meet them , dumbledore allegedly was protecting the potters from riddle , yet he was aware that he was actively trying to kill them . 
  and given that he did raise harry like a pig yo slaughter , would be possible to asume that he knew or even perhaps encouraged that longbottoms and/or the potters had to face fate and help bring down voldemort . 
  i just wanted to rant a little about lily potter . 
  canon does n't develop her a lot in my opinion , and yes i admit that we knoe things about her like that she was muggleborn , gryffindor , bad relationship with petunia , former nneighbor and friend of snape , fell in love and married james after he ( allegedly ) matured , prefect and headgirl , member of the order and of course harry 's dead mother . 
  yes we know all of that , but , how was she ? 
  was she smart ? 
  what did she liked ? 
  who were her friends ? 
  was she prone to anger or patient ? 
  why did she got married at 19 years old ? 
  imho we do n't see her human side , the defects and virtues that made dumbledore , severus , sirius , lupin , ron and many others interesting and unique . 
  she 's the perfect student and loving mother who sacrificed herself to protect her son , and unlike james and albus , she never falls from the pedestal where harry had put her . 
  the picture that jk rowling has made is merely a plot device . 
  perhaps he stayed in the burrow sometime but i doubt he 'd wanted to be a burden ( even if they 're family ) . 
  and i think he would n't come back to the drusleys . 
  did he live at 12 grimmauld place or in godric 's hollow or some other place ? 
  [ removed ], 
  a very recurrent trope in some fics is the idea that the black family among many others were some kind of nobility in the wizarding britain . 
  in those fics harry becomes lord black after he inherits this titile from sirius . 
  yet people tend to forget that sirius was disinherited by his family because of his pro-muggle sympathy . 
  this could have or not excluded sirius for inheriting the title , lest call it the dukedom of snobbery . 
  taking these into account , who was lord black in the maraunder 's era and who would be the lord/lady in the days after the battle of hogwarts if we consider the family relations : draco malfoy ? 
  teddy lupin ? 
  harry potter ? 
  delphi riddle?none of the above ? 
  good night everyone . 
  first post here . 
  i 'm a mexican doctor who 's going to take our national specialization entry exam . 
  it 's just 15 days away and i 'm god damn tired and i wonder if i should have chosen another career . 
  the freaking night shifts , an underpayed jobs , ungrateful and demanding patients , many of them would ditch thier treatments for the remedies that their neighbors tell them to take, 
  and i 'm not the only one , many of my friends are also burn out , both in general practice and in medical residencies programs . 
  i 'm not sure i want to be a doctor anymore . 
  am i the only one ? 
  how do you deal with these feelings ? 
  should i quit ? 
  if posible complete . 
  no weird ` high school au ' or things like that, 
  i was thinking about how ron left harry and hermione in the deathly hallows , and that he was forgiven ( at least imo ) way to early and easier that i 'd would 've done in harry 's place . 
  perhaps it 's because i 'm very sour about traitors and bad friends , but at least imo he must have to earn his forgiveness . 
  i know harry is way nobler than me in that regard . 
  so i ask you fellow redditors . 
  would you have forgiven him ? 
  would it be easy ? 
  should ron do something to deserve it besides coming back ? 
  linkffn ( 4400517 ) . 
  this fic is special for me . 
  i discovered it a few years ago , long before this reddit acount , just when i began reading fanfiction a long time ago . 
  it was not even at the half of the story and i fell in love with it . 
  but then i lost it , could n't find it anymore and i moved on , yet it never left me , the premise `` lily travels to the dystopia know as 1997 and finds snape and together they try to make her go back '' . 
  i found it again a few months ago when i became an active member of this sub and to my joy it was still being updated . 
  today it has ended . 
  perhaps one of the most believable and in-character yet it avoids the usual tropes ( for example snape did in fact fuck around a lot and he is n't the typical 40years old virgin ) . 
  i know many of you are opposed to snily some even by principle ( `` that git is evil why should he be happy '' ) but if you are open minded to read it , you might be pleasantly surprised . 
  give it a chance . 
  i 'm 25m and i want a new haircut . 
  i 've been using the same style for years and i do n't know how to choose a new one . 
  i was reading someone 's opinion that said that snape became a racist because his father and probably many muggles were assholes to him . 
  the idea has some merit , yet i 'm not here to discuss it . 
  could it be possible to read a good quality fic where is harry the one who becomes resentful about muggles ? 
  not necessarily a dark wizard but at least a more mean or distrustful . 
  while she is far from perfect : bossy , a little obsessive and she might have done somethings a little amoral like erasing her parent 's memories .
