  i 've finish it ( well to the things that have been published ) it 's one of the best fics i 've read . 
  keep with the good work . 
  i 'll wait for the next update . 
  in defense of the ` seer ' lily , it 's not like she would say that she was in the future for a while . 
  1 ) no one would believe her 2 ) that knowledge is dangerous . 
  [ the asshole james did n't bother me a lot . 
  i do n't really like him and would n't blame him for being hateful `` the girl who i thought i was gon na marry leaves me for fucking snivelus '' . 
  and imho the dumbledore is also likely , the war has beeing going for years , one death and the suffering of an spy is an adequate price to pay ... for the greater good ^ tm do n't you think ? 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  that 's another great snily . 
  it 's probably even better than my dear ananke . 
  have you read the other fics from that author ? 
  they 're about a snape/lupin and a femharry/snape . 
  in general those tropes are avoided by me on principle , yet if someone could made them believable would be laventadorm . 
  have you read them ? 
  are they . 
  good ? 
  tumblr 's wet dream, 
  apparently i 'm the only one who would n't date a vegan . 
  i did read it some time ago . 
  i enjoyed it a lot , but i do n't remember much of it . 
  i 'll read it again soon . 
  fuck lks is coming i 'd forgotten . 
  indeed . 
  it 's quite good . 
  if you want an active and well written snily both of you should read linkffn ( 12369512 ) its as good as come once again and love me . 
  snape returns to his sixth year and will try to change everything . 
  the twist is that he wo n't try to woo lily , if she 's alive he 'd be happy even if she 's with potter . 
  life unfortunately disagrees in that . 
  i do n't want to sound overly rude but ... use the search option , there you would probably find a fic that you might like from harry/hermione to snape/lily or even sirius/lupin , crossovers and many more . 
  then you can pick any fic you think you might like . 
  thanks, 
  techically the most recent horocrux was harry . 
  there are many traits that make a good friend , but imho one of the most important qualities is that he or she can tell you in your face '' you 're wrong and it 's because these reasons . '', 
  i do n't need an enabler nor a yes-man in my life . 
  now that does n't mean i want someone who would not help or support me , just that i want someone honest who would n't avoid saying something unpleasant because he 's / she 's afraid of hurting my feelings, 
  i 'm on a drought . 
  yet i 've just met a cute girl , so who knows , perhaps i 'll do it soon, 
  you 're wise . 
  that situation is a freaking minefield, 
  it 's something bound to happen in the small wizarding community . 
  user name checks out, 
  yes kazak happy , now rosiya must get weak ukraine to complete its soviet wall . 
  i 'm r/outoftheloop so what 's this story ? 
  you 've made my day . 
  it 's one of the best hapne stories i even wrote a fic rec here after i finished it . 
  i 'm glad that you posted this because if not it would have taken a very long time before i bothered to check for updates . 
  thank you, 
  you ca n't retroactively change the birth of a child . 
  he or she is legitimate whether the parents are married or not anymore . 
  the only way to remove them from the line would be death or dis-inheritance, 
  henry viii does n't count . 
  he did it because he was looking for a male heir, 
  fair point . 
  yet a case does n't make it a rule, 
  he could be bitter yes , why would he return ? 
  he is now the king of meereen . 
  to get some gold ? 
  he can have it all now . 
  daario is not coming back . 
  he 's quite comfortable as king, 
  bad bot, 
  harry and hermione got married in 4th year to avoid some stupid clause in the rules of howarts, 
  freak / s, 
  i would n't know , i do n't know anything about education in india yet that 's an interesting observation . 
  i wonder if jk rowling did it un propose . 
  perhaps the fans from r/hpfanfiction are specially critical of her , or at least a very vocal minority . 
  the life experiences make us what we are , the friends we 've had , the places we 've been , books and movies that we 'd enjoyed , the education and the fun , the heartbreaks , the joy and fear and anger and many more things . 
  memories are what makes us who we are . 
  hermione , despite her good intentions rewrote her parents and changed them in a fundamental way in the sense that they are n't themselves anymore . 
  for some of us , killing them would have beem a kinder fate than the erasure and replacement of their identities . 
  i 'd wish , they were very much in love . 
  that 's not a problem by it self , i love harmony , yet for me it was so ooc that it became the straw that break the camels back after alot of ooc actions by all them . 
  indeed , a fake marriage that becomes a slowburn romance would be a magnificent fic or as an alternative how hinny and romione might develop despite this could also be a fantastic read . 
  a favorite fic of mine . 
  linkffn ( the best revenge ) . 
  it begans when severus is the one who delivers the letter to the boy in the cupboard, 
  it 's still to early to call it romance . 
  but i think you could enjoy linkffn ( owls from ginny ), 
  go to the gym , talk to the girls you like , please do n't enroll in med school, 
  why ? 
  if i may ask, 
  the true heir of the commonwealth is the first born child ... 
  so america will rule canada at last . 
  dis-owned perhaps it is . 
  new foundland is irrelevant , america was the first son of england to rebel . 
  anyway , we can only hope that lord trudeau will rule the commonwealth wisely, 
  happy cake day . 
  also nice joke . 
  this is why i 'd probably never learn your language . 
  i 'm too freaking lazy, 
  i do n't know if the best . 
  but these are the ones that i 've read so far that are imho worthy of being recomended ( do n't be so harsh as we might be in r/hpfanfiction , it 's a smaller pool of fics ), 
  linkffn ( 8448733 ) and its prequel linkffn ( 8149635 ), 
  linkao3 ( 11804949 ) , linkao3 ( 7171994 ), 
  sorry last fic number it 's wrong here it is . 
  linkao3 ( 2854958 ) it 's perhaps the one of the best fics . 
  rhaegar won and jon is send to be fostered by his uncle in winterfell . 
  two very promising currently being updated au . 
  jon snow meets dany at dorne when he goes to live with his dayne family .
