  linkao3 ( 12516375 ), 
  jon instead to go to the wall , moves to essos , and meets dany , changing history forever linkao3 ( 9030127 ), 
  edit . 
  wrong links . 
  linkffn ( 12516375 ) and linkao3 ( 9430127 ), 
  everything is allowed in street fight . 
  only an idiot would fight nicely in a bar or when he 's being robbed . 
  linkffn ( come once again and love me ) and linkffn ( 12129370 ) . 
  warning : snily, 
  if dumbledore is the lord of light ... is voldemort the great other and harry is azor ahai ? 
  i 'm afraid they do . 
  could be worse though . 
  to the master piece known as ` our choices seal our fates . 
  linkao3 ( 2854958 ), 
  he also has his wildling kissed by fire, 
  without a doubt linkffn ( but i want to be a weasley !, 
  by deadwoodpecker ) . 
  i liked your sample op . 
  if the price is afordable i 'll buy it . 
  affordable for a language course could be between 50 and 200 usd . 
  if the course is really really good i could be willing to pay 275 . 
  i know perhaps it makes me sound a little stingy , but that 's because i 'm a little poor hahaha, 
  in general , you 're right , yet i consider languages differently because while it 's less complex than photoshop or microsoft office it could open literally a new world to the learner . 
  that 's why i 'm willing to pay as much , a language course is an investment . 
  anyway , if your program will be way less expensive that the prices i suggested you 've got a future client . 
  it 's not this one . 
  very good rec anyway, 
  it does n't really bother me just it bores me most of the time . 
  i understand that somethings are ought to happen because the harry might not have imput in them . 
  like a harry dating ginny since before the yulesoe the tasks . 
  so i allow it in the very first chapters . 
  but later the butterfies ( as the unexpected and usually unpredictable changes in the timeline that are caused by the divergence ; as we call them in alternatehistory.com ) should make the plans of voldemort and other people change , so perhaps he wou, 
  indeed it is !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 've read it before . 
  it 's a wonderful story, 
  the augustus joffrey is a dead fic ? 
  exactly like this !, 
  thanks, 
  give link ( please ), 
  because of severus request . 
  i think voldemort has a soft spot for snape because he 's also a halfblood from an ancient slytherin family with an horrible muggle father . 
  perhaps he did n't really care that much about blood purity and only wanted power ? 
  great advice . 
  just what i needed after a hard entry exam and a relapse . 
  worthy of r/getmotivated, 
  linkffn ( the augurey by la-matrona ) has an interesting and believable plot and a cute harmony in the making, 
  i usually avoid them . 
  the wonderful world of ice and fire does n't work in a modern society . 
  and yet there are hundreds of those fics . 
  and many times the characters are at least mildly oc . 
  these fics , lets imagine a jonsa as an example might work because the incest taboo is strong as ever . 
  but in other cases like a robert baratheon/lyanna stark the fic would n't work because business or college are a very different setting than the world of asoiaf/got . 
  not even the royals and nobility follow anymore the ancient rules like arranged marriage or alliances between families ( perhaps it could be done in a mafia setting yet it 'd be still hard to believe , the gangsters very rarely marry their enemies ), 
  and of course i 'm downvoted by weasley sympathizers . 
  if this was a snape hating thread i 'd have many upvotes.typical, 
  indeed as someone ( ca n't remember who ) said some time ago harry is the most bashed character in the fandom.every independent harry is a critique against his pasive behavior , every smut is a challenge to his lack of sex drive , every smart harry defies his canon laziness about learning , grey harry bashes his stupid white and black morality . 
  harry is way to shitty to be a hero . 
  he needed a lot of plot armor , a lot of luck and a villian who never lets go the idiot ball, 
  perhaps was / u/inquisitorcoc who said it . 
  in my defense , when i posted that comment it was in -1 . 
  in defense of that side of ginny , trying to move on from an unrequited crush is usually a good idea irl . 
  perhaps from a story point of view the timeline must be manteined in general . 
  this picture explains the theories of time travel https://m.imgur.com/gallery/bc8du, 
  well yes , he was , but can he prove it ? 
  would the other wizards believe him or would they consider it a excuse like it was in the previous war ? 
  indeed and the ministry , a corrupt and incompetent self-serving government would n't want it . 
  the only thing that could make hermione even worse . 
  many . 
  if the premise is good enough i 'll read mediocre fics . 
  doubtlessly yet you should write it if you want to do it . 
  you ca n't please everybody . 
  even great books and movies have thier detractors, 
  harry accidentaly takes ginny and the horocrux are famous muggle artifacts and landmarks . 
  also an alternative method to destroy them without damaging the original horocrux in liknffn ( hiding in plain sight by ginevraschampion ), 
  who ? 
  indeed capture them or kill them . 
  do n't let them live to hurt you again , because maybe next time you wound not live to tell the story . 
  it 's one of the things that bothers me a lot of hp , the counter-productive white and black morality of the trio and the order, 
  the problem though is that dolohov is a dangerous murderer that would n't hesitate to destroy them and everyone who hold dear . 
  the ministry ca n't or would n't punish him . 
  if he survives he will retaliate . 
  it 's the `` i did what i had to do '' choice . 
  could harry look in to the eyes of a widow or an orphan and tell them he did the right thing sparring the life of the one who has killed hundreds including these people 's family ? 
  beautiful, 
  as someone who was born and raised in a corrupt country ( mexico ) i 'm very skeptical of the authorities ability or even will to prosecute must crimes , even serious ones like murders or kidnappings . 
  magical britain is much more like my county than its muggle counterpart . 
  while i respect the creative decisions taken by rowling and i agree that legal justice would be the best in an ideal war , harry 's approach only caused many deaths and suffering . 
  he remained pure at least haha . 
  but that wo n't make sirius or remus or fred go back to life . 
  harry as a war orphan should know that the passive approach to a terrorist hate group and later an oppressive goverment only brings pain, 
  sorry , i 'd carried away , but harry 's behaviour and actions ( or more adequately lack of there of ) makes me very frustrated and mad . 
  capturing them could be an acceptable compromise yet it creates the problems of feeding them , avoid thier scapes and that they might have to deal with a mutiny . 
  it 'd be specially hard since they 're on the move hunting horocruxes . 
  capturing them could be an acceptable compromise yet it creates the problems of feeding them , avoid thier scapes and that they might have to deal with a mutiny . 
  it 'd be specially hard since they 're on the move hunting horocruxes . 
  he 's done plenty sins to deserve an eternity on hell . 
  ( unless it does n't exist in the potterverse . ), 
  it 's not punishing him for future crimes , dolohov is a murderer and a high ranking member of magical kkk . 
  that his death avoids extra killings is a plus , not the main reason for executing him,
