  hearing gun shots all the time : s, 
  i work with companies based in gib . 
  they seem wee bit agitated today . 
  you pretty much prove my point with your text , hah . 
  depends . 
  malta was pretty openly hostile sometimes to foreigners , got shouted more than few times that i should go back to my country . 
  spain is much better but weirdly , it seems that the british expats here are the worst in terms trying to shoo other foreigners off . 
  he did also admit that he was wrong and posted a apology - seems like a honest mistake . 
  what does this to with pearl harbor ? 
  maybe have some respect before tying everything to crackpot theories and politics . 
  whats wrong with you people ? 
  fuck you man , have some respect for the victims and not try to score points for your political shit posting, 
  he seems upset . 
  couldnt care less-as long as they do their job . 
  sounds like a lot of work . 
  liberation is off . . for now . 
  check your email , rallypoint is in s\u00f6derholm . 
  finns are coming also - lots of second generation finns need liberation !, 
  seems about right - make finnic great again !, 
  5 . finland 6 . netherlands seems about right . 
  really happy for estonia , they are making big leaps !, 
  `` breaking : grasse high school shooting incident is something between two students , is not terrorist related - grasse town hall '' https://twitter.com/reutersworld/status/842354780563476484, 
  you had me on whisky . 
  `` mr davis hinted no assessment of the brexit options will be carried out , saying : `` you do n't need a piece of paper with numbers on it to have an economic assessment . '' '' eeeh . . ? 
  maybe nordic council can send a open letter to scotland . 
   `` guys , come over for some coffee and fika ! '', 
  pfft i saw the finnish documentary about it . 
  we know about it . 
  not familiar , i just remember reading something along those lines . 
  naturally , if someone knows better - please educate us , 
  lisbon is the oldest city in europe , i think . 
  hadrian wall 2 - scotts strike back !, 
  / s anyways , if i have understood correctly , this is not a good economic move for scotland ? 
  if they move to join eu , it would have to be super fast in order to get the same trade deals that apply to other eu countries . 
  also , wouldnt uk be in a vendetta mood if they would pull that stunt ? 
  `` kill me now '', 
  winter-germans ?!, 
  * finnic triggered *, 
  i just see his self-portrait here / s, 
  weird moment when you would have expected such statement from a certain western nation but instead . . it comes from east ? 
  hey there !, 
  can you give me the estonian word for these ? 
   mountain/vuori : lake/j \u00e4rvi : river/joki : puro/stream : forest/mets \u00e4 : swamp/suo : just thinking about words that might not have changed so much . 
  why the hell people would downvote this ? 
  team uralic !, 
  usa is partly in the blame for causing this mess in the first place . 
  how about you guys start taking one refugee for each bomb you dropped in the respective countries ? 
  you can also pick civil service in finland - people training to be doctors or already doctors choose that quite often . 
  just a experiment for now - lets see how the results are . 
  hopefully it will work and if i have understood correctly it is to replace already heavy bureaucratic parts of the system and the cost would stay the same . 
  just now you would be able to accept part-time jobs without losing all our social benefits . 
  now - lets just wait for the bigots to trump in / s. 
   honestly thought , good stuff for finland !, 
  cool !, 
  they also just sleep during the winter - not working at all . 
  yes , federal europe would be stronger against west and east influences . 
  combined resources and strong border control would lead to more prosperous europe . 
  national level there should be still political activity and regional decisions should be made . 
  formal federation woud also increase our advances in science and hopefully some day , see our first settlement in space called `` europa '' , 
  how did we miss this . 
  i see though that they left completely finland out of europe , saving us for last eh ? 
  fallout 6-real life confirmed, 
  why ? 
  they are very different language / language groups ? 
  swedes are upset about the last weeks events and now have turned their terror ways to europe !, 
  today spain , tomorrow germany !, 
  mark my words !, 
  not a popular opinion but only way out of this might be forgiving the debt to greece as they will never be able to pay it back anyway . 
  you cracked our secret language , i am afraid you must die now . 
  loved them !, 
  nightmare fuel when you are 5-years old . 
  i think finland would look in to its nordic neighbours first - then usa . 
  maybe even britain before usa . 
  something about danes not wanting to go to sweden ( joke ), 
  and with this , i think we can agree on something with the danes . 
  weirdly , when i was growing up we had bunch of spanish tv shows in finnish tv . 
  serranos for example !, 
  we had some south-american ones example , mi gorda bella also . 
  lets go with spanish ones , naturally . 
  it would be a great idea !, 
  spanish soap operas , nordic crime series , some saturday night english shows  seriously thought , investigative journalism and quality reporting on issues across europe would be great . 
  in finnish tv you get live broadcasts to the parliament . 
  maybe something also to think about . 
  i would also that it should come with subtitles to the relative language , not dubbed . 
  brilliant !, 
  why not both , 
  seems interesting , will check it out !, 
  thank you for the civil response !, 
  yes , there are problems with how things are and neverending seek for growth . 
  i hope instead tearing down something that could be potential very great , we would seek to fix things through long term planning . 
  it is only my view but seems that quick fixes and simple answers for complex problems is the current answer for everything . 
  i really wish people would see that unified europe is for everyone 's best interest . 
  unified europe has the best chance to fight against the pressure from east and west . 
  russia is being active in destroying western block piece by piece.countries that trade freely between each other are less likely to wage war . 
  i understand the concerns of autonomy in order to make regional decisions but quite lot of things could be harmonized through europe that would end up saving money in the long run . 
  we are experiencing the longest period of peace in europe ever and now it seems that we are heading towards a turning point where citizens that have already built physical and mental fences against other nations are going to be dictating the future of europe and the rest of us . 
  fair enough . 
  `` unwatch.org '' really ? 
  really ? 
  this !,
