  goes both for finnish and swedish , albeit i have only met few finnish swedes that could not speak finnish at all but i am not saying that they do not exist . 
  why the compulsory ? 
  let those that want to learn it and speak have it . 
  i am even 100 % positive that its popularity would rise from stop being compulsory , i am sure you could see the logic behind this , the current system is not working at all . 
  nobody is claiming that swedish should be eradicated from schools , that would be just foolish . 
  instead we should plan 10,20,30 years ahead . 
  what language skills we would like to see in finnish population ? 
  i for one would keep swedish in the language box but thus , i would remove the compulsory part and just give students the freedom to make up their own mind what languages they feel would be useful , as long as they pick something to replace compulsory swedish lessons / + keep learning swedish , if they feel so . 
  the world nowadays is global , not just nordics . 
  in order for finland to actually be one of those countries in the future that can compete internationally , we need to start thinking in new ways . 
  sorry for any grammar mistakes , slept badly last night  cheers ,, 
  do you honestly believe that the current system of teaching swedish in schools is effective ? 
  and why it is such a taboo to remove compulsory swedish and instead , you can pick any other language that is being taught in that school as a alternative ? 
  `` is it fair to the rest of the room to have to be forced to change to english because of this person ? 
  imagine yourself as a scandinavian here , would you feel that this person is as close to you and your culture as someone you can speak your own language with ? '', 
  fair ? 
  maybe not . 
  polite ? 
  yes . 
  beautiful !, 
  rkp in the opposition ? 
  this is . . something new !, 
  usa team is playing great thought , lots of young players , 
  last government spent all their time fighting , i hope this one does a better job . 
  russians ( maybe , not confirmed yet ) testing finnish territorial waters and response times ? 
  i wonder how big was the suspected submarine . 
  or the winter olympics for 51 billion dollars . 
  yup , that was what i meant . 
  gibraltar also has lots of betting companies . 
  they want to stay in the eu in order for them keep in business . 
  yah , foreigners get extra press if they mess up something . 
  but , meh . 
  i have lots of maltese friends  just for a note thought , my nationality is finnish but i guess because i was speaking swedish ( broken swedish ) on the phone , they thought i was swedish . 
  its alright , it is not like you were yelling . 
  i got yelled in malta that '' go home you fucking swede ! '' . 
  finnish public opinion concerning nato summarised pretty good . . ( pls yes ), 
  estonia seems to be really progressive nowdays and taking leaps in innovation and tech . 
  good job eesti !, 
  i just send a postcard from sunny malta to her !, 
  hope she will love it , 
  not really 100 % . 
  we thought have a communist party also . . 
  if i remember correctly , keskusta was the one that was in power when this mess started . 
  pessimistic of me , but it will be the same old same old if they rise again to be a leading party . 
  i would like to see from where the money for their campaigns are coming this year ... most likely some `` paintings '' sales again . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5zg_af9b8c ), 
  yeah ? 
  never realised . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  finns drink the most coffee in the world !, 
  ( per capita ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_coffee_consumption_per_capita, 
  finnish language does not have a `` future '' tense . 
  it is also gender neutral language . 
  you should never forget also canada and their dreaded moose cavalry forces . 
  rough translation - due to the postal cuts that the finnish postal office is experiencing , santa claus will no longer be able to answer the thousands of letters that the santa claus post office receives every year . 
  eu does not have a combined armed forces . 
  thus , conscription is in use with countries that can not rely in volunteers due to the fact that they lack the population to support this . 
  and yet , you have a larger population from from which you get your volunteers . 
  not all countries have that luxury . 
  nature is kinda eh , except if you love the sea . 
  it is strange how people that possibly have never stepped in to nordic countries or have lived there for a extended period of time like to drum how great it is . 
  but hey , at least they are not drumming how shitty the weather is or how antisocial the nordic societies are . 
  true , there is not enough political will for this yet . 
  and if we would hold a national vote about this . . the result at the moment would be `` no '' . 
  but in finnish politics , these votes are rare . 
  if finland would join nato , i believe the citizens would not be asked for their opinion about it . 
  maybe some day finland can have more of a swiss model about these things . 
  call me a pessimist , but if the political will is there . . the polls would not matter . 
  take example , compulsory swedish . 
  rkp ? 
  we should . 
  but you know , politics . 
  good . 
  there are some really nice bars and clubs . 
  try the poultry dishes while you are there , they are good . 
  fish is usually bit salty , just a fair warning . 
  i would love the see the equipment they are using !, 
  anyhow , i am sure our baltic/german bros are happy to have the americans physically present . 
  cheap and fun cities to visit . 
  i like how you write in french and english . 
  nordic countries would rally ( in material support ) for finland if russia would invade . . then we would just wait for rest of the western hemisphere and volunteers for the meat grinder . 
  i do not think there will be war . 
  finland and ukraine are two different cases . 
  oook :(, 
  touching , 
  . . err , your point is ? 
  nobody is talking about image . 
  the point being , there is enough stuff to deal in finland to care about some mediterranean country that has not yet invented tax collecting . 
  the fact that the greece government is trying to bite the hands that keep trying to help them despite popular opinion of their own citizens is just downright folly . 
  also the fact that finnish economy is pretty much been going and keeps going downhill . 
  there is not much sympathy for greece right now . 
  [ porin marssi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bw4xuop8ez4 ), 
  the way they keep one upping every year . . i wonder what the winning song of 2035 would be like . 
  i just moved to southern spain not too long ago . 
  what party is most popular here and how can these elections effect my life here . . keep in mind , i can not vote in the upcoming elections , more or less thinking about the expats . 
  pilot = must be finnish, 
  this is sad . 
  i am planning to go there next year and do a short documentary concerning second generation nordic people . 
  i like the mix of colors . 
  talking to my friend in istanbul . . he says that it 's all a real coup trying to seize power .
