it seems there are some knowledge to be gained here !, 
  what about the other aaa countries ? 
  there had been lots of grumbling and talks about leaving eu in finland . 
  what would happen to nordic countries if they would decide to call it quits ? 
  * ** 1 . estonia !, 
  ** beautiful country , beautiful people . 
  * ** 2 . norway !, 
  ** you are really hard-working people !, 
  ** i like your small island . 
  * ** 4 . germany !, 
  ** hey , thanks for the good beer . 
  granted , it is hard to start learning other languages when you are older but you have the wonderful benefit of speaking english as your mother language which gives you a benefit of learning other germanic languages . 
  example , german . 
   or nordic languages !, 
  there is a cultural value in learning languages . 
  you can not truly understand other cultures if you do not understand their language . 
  mannerheim/kekkonen for finland !, 
  i applaud the one that can read through that article and not check a word in the dictionary . 
  seems reasonable . 
  nordic countries have state churches but they are not just religious institutions , they do lot of good across the societies . 
  it is a nordic culture values that plays a role here . 
  i like how they put the finnish spitz dog breed there . 
  it is a nice dog breed , albeit quite loud one . 
   det \u00e4r helt f\u00f6rst\u00e5eligt thanks for the kind words !, 
  lol , my swedish is horrible . 
  nato secretary general is planning a 2 day visit to finland . 
  i would say russia . 
  kinda . . friendly nowdays ? 
  thanks , my coffee is now all over the keyboard . . :d, 
  online gambling / related fields / tourism / service industry . 
  try googling in careerjet , you get a good idea . 
  i do not think it has anything to do with me being northern european , it has more to do with my darker skin . 
  been living in malta for three years now . 
  the good sides is the weather and good work opportunities and likeminded expats somewhat ( besides the party people , there are lots of 30 something professionals ) . 
  the bad sides is the gross weekly racism and how dirty lot of streets and public places are . 
  i have lots of friends that are maltese but it is almost semi weekly when someone yells that i should go back to my country . 
  in malta , they have a `` hunting '' season . 
  just shooting any bird that happens to fly by . 
  not for food , btw . 
  hooray for eesti !, 
  we should build a very powerful laser and just carve `` yurop '' in the moons surface.i am sure the guys at cern can help building it . 
  everything might seem dark right now but alas , we have a a plan now . 
  i am not disheartened about the current developments in europe but as my home country will vote `` no '' and then get steamrolled over in decision making and their money taken anyway . . 
  i am not sure if this is the europe i imagined 8 years ago . 
  this greek crisis has torn cracks in the foundations between european nations and trust is wavering . 
  what we will see is the rise of the euro sceptic parties from this . 
  that is guaranteed . 
  i still hope for a unified europe as without it , we will not survive against the other bigger influences . 
  if european union is going to fall , its going to fall from inside . 
  not from outside influence . 
  as of today , europe seems slightly less democratic then yesterday . 
  i made life-long friends and it opened my horizons a lot . 
  highly recommend !, 
  dunno why people get so uppity about this . 
  so what , he writes in french + english . 
  why get so upset about it , he still writes also in english so for those out there that only speak english can still understand him/her ? 
  stop being such crybaby about it , he/she is not hurting anyone . 
  i would rather see some sort of unified european armed forces but alas , that might not be happening in any near future in grand scale . 
  nato would be one option , but i do not think russia would gain anything with a offence towards finland . 
  after all , we have our euro buddies . . right ? 
  meh , my bad then . 
  never claimed that syria is the entire middle east . 
  quote ; `` finnish customs has seized historical art treasures looted by the isis terrorist group in syria that were headed across the southeastern border into russia . '', 
  thus , i would assume they are syrian cultural heritage items . 
  where did the entire middle east region dragged in to this ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  the items are from syria . 
  keeping them in helsinki art museum until the situation calms down would be one option , if the officials in syria agree to it . 
  then when the situation is stable , returning them to them , 
  i hope these items find back to their owners . 
  cultural heritage pillaged and destroyed by isis is heart breaking for any fan of history . 
  well , i do not know if it would be possible but you would not maybe have to try it in national level . 
  county level first ? 
  might be just my awful curious nature . 
  how much manpower does ukraine has in marinka ? 
  vs umm . . `` rebels . '', 
  i call bullshit unless you can give some sources , maybe if you can give an actual article . 
  not some reddit users comment . 
  they should strike a deal with patria , they make pretty good mobile mortar hurling personal carriers . 
  german engineers + finnish innovation + polish manufacturing and voila !, 
  thank you . 
  article behind registration . 
  can you post the summary / article here ? 
  i guess the others just did the answering for me . 
  aka not everywhere . 
  most likely would not get it thought . 
  the results wary depending on the source . 
  if you ask the officers , they are more pro-nato then your average joe . 
  generally , they arguments against would be that we would be dragged in to conflicts that we do not wish take any part of and or it would affect our trading relationship with russia . 
  the argument for is that joining nato would give us more defence strength in case of an invasion/aggression from russia . 
  the support for nato has risen slightly due the recent events in ukraine . 
  one more educated in this matter can feel free to give their input !, 
  when this whole thing started . . i did not believe all of it and now after few years , the amount dirt they are digging up on this guy is unbelievable . 
  corrupt to the bone !, 
  * thank you england for your great sense of humour . 
  * thank you germany for your great engineering achievements . 
  * thank you italy for the great food . 
  * thank you eesti for being a good bro for a long time !, 
  * thank you scotland for the great whiskey . 
  of course but then again , like you mentioned -  6-12 years of teaching a language and the merits are pretty horrible .
