bikav\u00e9r is never sweet , i suspect the sweet red had to be a merlot , as it is the most popular sweet red one around eger . 
  cuv\u00e9e or k\u00e9kfrankos ( blaufranker ) is also possible . 
  it is very weird . 
  perhaps it comes from a historic experience of being the underdog ... but we too and over here nationalism is precisely this `` we lost so much , at least this small leftover land should stay ours '' . 
  i do n't get this , it seems to be the same in every country . 
  before ww2 basically any ideas were on the table . 
  ww2 came and suddenly everybody realized it is a bad idea to be very far far far right . 
  but after ww2 there is process that bigger and bigger chunks of right-leaning ( now in the sense of nationalist or ethnicist or nativist ) ideas get compared to hitler , get called racist and so on , and in an increasingly hysterical tone . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overton_window this is pretty annoying because if the far right is so bad then maybe the center right and the left could argue with them in an objective way and not this knee-jerk omh racism gas chambers fascism way . 
  and the weirdest part is that it makes no sense from the viewpoint of the basic job of politics , namely protecting the actual citizens of a country . 
  i mean , there is something everybody should understood . 
  countries as we know it in the current form exist to provide a national homeland for certain ethnic groups . 
  this is precisely why the palestinian state is a good idea . 
  it is a construct to protect palestinians . 
  it does not follow that they have to be monoethnic or monocultural but it does follow that their primary job is to provide a safe homeland for certain given ethnic groups . 
  if they fail at it , it is a very fundamental failure . 
  and quite frankly it is not supposed to be a far right idea and not supposed to be taken so hysterically . 
  there is still a lot of room for policy debate , because accepting that certain ethnic groups own certain states it is still debatable how open they should be to others , as long as it is accepted that their interests are always primary and overriding . 
  people who consider this nazi stuff should realize that in 1945 pretty much all allied leaders agreed with this , it was only later on when overton window moved . 
  i think the current difference is mostly that the visegrad four countries accept this on a very basic mainstream level , i.e. 
  that certain states are owned by certain ethnic groups where their interests are primary ( we have this complicated term , \u00e1llamalkot\u00f3 nemzetis\u00e9g , `` state-forming nationality '' , which means the majority and historic minority nationalities or ethnicities in a state who are considered co-owners and participants in forming the state , having their languages are official languages or recognized minority ones etc. ), 
  and i think this is not accepted by western elites . 
  hence sd . 
  so in short it seems the west is still in a gigantic _ overreaction _ to pre-1945 nazi stuff . 
  the elites seem to think any ethnic ownership of states leads to mass murder . 
  it actually leads to what we used to have - an actually interesting because actually diverse europe , where people can feel at home in their home country and when visiting others as tourists or even living there they find the place more interesting than today globalized cities because the place as a character and identity . 
  i think ultimately what we have is double measures . 
  it is well accepted that a palestinian state or maybe a proposed kurdistan is primarily about protecting those ethnics . 
  yet it is not accepted for native europeans . 
  why ? 
  because we are supposed strong and advantaged and privileged and all that . 
  this is a very bad way of looking at it because collective advantages do no cash out into individual safety . 
  but , i mean , it is very good if the middle class is so broad that so few people are under it . 
  i thought it is more like 40 % . 
  add a few percent rich and it suggests 80 % of germany is middle class . 
  that would be extremely good . 
  i do n't see how anyone can have a problem with it . 
  with a global competition for jobs , the whole premise of social democracy is over . 
  the idea was that unions and the government can force businesses to pay high wages and high taxes . 
  as they can just move production to china , there is no way to keep this up . 
  actually , there could be a way , namely brutally high tariffs on imports from outside the eu but weirdly the left does not want that , largely because the left got used to the idea that they are the `` internationalist '' party , so they dislike the idea of punishing imports . 
  anyway so these realities made the whole welfare state project unsustainable , so today it is back to the earlier liberalism vs. nationalism kind of politics . 
  ( liberalism understood as anti-racism and suchlike . ), 
  why would they lose healthcare or pension ? 
  their pension is paid by the uk and i do n't think their uk health insurance would become invalid , pretty sure a decently negotiated exit would leave things like the interconnection of health insurance systems intact . 
  i am not planning to have a car these years . 
  it turned out having a child is easier without a car , so we sold it , however counter-intuitive it sounds because a toddler does not like to spend hours strapped down , they can move more in a train which results in less wwaaaahhh and when it does , at least i do n't have to focus on driving while she is wailing . 
  funny how everybody seems to do it the other way around , get a car when they have a child , but actually it is not so , children get bored in cars , while they can play more in trains . 
  but if i buy one it will be either this or a skoda fabia combi . 
  my in-laws have the later and it is very reliable and practical . 
  ideally i would like a minivan , to be able to haul any shit i feel like hauling . 
  but we live in austria and i shudder to think how much the insurance would be . 
  my last ford mondeo was $ 80 a month . 
  fuck that . 
  if any austrians reading it , can you save insurance money by registering a minivan as an lkw ? 
  this is a `` trick '' fairly often used in hungary . 
  dacia got bought by renault and french stuff is generally unreliable over 7 years . 
  i had multiple peugeots and they all were shit over 7 years . 
  especially suspensions . 
  they wanted to marry the niva to chevrolet and make a chevrolet niva which looked promising and then somehow got fucked up . 
  is it unemployment or more like working cash under the table , tax-free ? 
  over here the stats are unreliable for this reason . 
  i do n't think so - that is what relatives are for . 
   quite impossible to become homeless in finland unless you have mental problems or substance abuse problems . 
  as far as i can tell , homeless people are mentally ill mostly anywhere , because a person of working mind will never let their dignity so low as to sleep on the street and they would rather try every other option . 
  for example i know an older dude who slept in his car for a couple of months until he found a job where he could sleep ( night watchman living in a furnished container ) . 
  this sounds reasonable . 
  i am generally of the opinion that things should somehow be shifted so that sunlit hours are in the evening not morning . 
  like today , 3.5 hours sunshine before work are mostly useless , more than 1 hour after work would be . 
  how do spanish people deal with their small children ? 
  working until 20 , getting home to 20:30 is a bit too late to play daddy , as small children need to go to sleep around that . 
  eh , i do n't know if kids actually need to sleep at 20:00 . 
  over here when i was a child the tv bear [ brushed his teeth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=u77lrotrof0#t=23 ) at 20:00 and it was a universal sign that no small child may stay up later than that . 
  i do n't want to tell the owner of a business , or the owner of a state how to run it . 
  i am not an expert after all . 
  what i need is choices - so that they compete for me . 
  think of states like hotels and it becomes clear - democracy is confusing customers with owners , customers do n't need votes , they need competition for their money . 
  ah ... but is n't it possible to have military but not civil unification ? 
  i am not sure i am making sense , just thinking ... something like a real strong alliance . 
  why is it necessarily a good thing to have a large country instead of many small ones ? 
  a large country can easily develop into a gigantic bureaucratic nightmare and sooner or later has to democratize , so you get this welfare social democrat bullshit more or less automatically because democracy is most [ soft communism ] ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/hans-hermann_hoppe ) . 
  a smalll principality can easily have the advantage of not having to democratize ( see liechtenstein for example ) and not need a big bureaucracy , social problems and so on are just solved by personal decisions of the ruler . 
  and the best thing is that they would compete for taxpayers , necessarily keeping taxes low . 
  so you could work in one small state but live in another and commute , this makes the princes compete for your taxes and thus you could have low taxes and not this welfare state shit , supporting unproductive people . 
  so in reality many small monarchies work like a business competition , they are all like come live here you can live here just for 11 % income tax and the other one trumps that and offers 10,5 % and it is far better for the middle class than all this social democratic nightmare . 
  there was n't really one . 
  in ww2 hungary stayed neutral when germany attacked poland and took in about 70-90k refugees . 
  later on , being a german ally , hungarian troops were occupying territory near warsaw but decided to defy orders and stay neutral and were fraternizing so much with local civilians ( selling medkits etc. ), 
  that they were pulled out because berlin feared they would simply switch sides . 
  some did , [ see picture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lack_of_outside_support_during_the_warsaw_uprising ) . 
  from this angle , there was no war between these countries , only `` on paper '' . 
  or louis i https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_i_of_hungary and he had the right kind of pedigree to potentially form a strong alliance with france , being anjou ( at least ck2 taught me this is how it works ) , which in this geopolitical situation would have been very handy , looking at teutonics , habsburgs and ottomans . 
  too warm , these days , august can get scorching and sunburn in no time . 
  also , post-wwi left basically one usable ski resort only , k\u00e9kestet\u0151 , at 1km high , and the snow situation is getting worse and worse every winter . 
  i think this v4 thing helped . 
  as for tourism , actually back in commie times hungarians went skiing to slovakia a lot . 
  i still remember from my childhood donovaly , lomnic , certovica etc. 
  have lots of memories , remember liking the food but not the bread as it tasted sour , people who were skiing faster than others and wanted them to get out of the way yell pozor pozor and then we children just ended up yelling that in every situation as a joke , my parents got really drunk on becherovka and then an old slovak gave them a homemade drink - some kind of healing herb-brandy - that sobers people up and somehow it really worked , hanging out with a czech guy who always claimed he does not speak slovak and we never really wanted to believe that and so on . 
  at least back then we had proper , straight skis not this unstable curvy carving bullshit . 
  after the change this more or less stopped and we rather went to austria for skiing , as far as i can tell .
