  actually [ most of the eu accepts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multiple_citizenship#eu_countries ) dual citizenship , at least in cases of people with foreign descent ( for immigrants not necessarily ) . 
  like , all your neighbors , for starters . 
  i understand it may create loyalty issues , but bureaucratic issues ? 
  bureaucratically it is very easy : just ignore all other citizenships . 
  it 's the language law that makes people sore around here . 
  everything else looks about ok now . 
  the funniest part is that it is not just about minority ( magyar ) language use , but e.g. 
  theoretically a fireman or ambulance would not be allowed to talk to a tourist in trouble in english . 
  at least that was the possible interpretation of the legal text at one point , i know it had many changes and reinterpretations . 
  i actually find serbs culturally closer , because they have good red paprika and use it in sausage etc. 
  so generally their food is really familiar . 
  fish soup etc. 
  also skiing . 
  ca n't think of a single one . 
  i think mostly because we do n't really have that strong city level identities . 
  may be wrong , though . 
  do they serve cold beer ? 
  if yes , the other 50 % is also covered . 
  let 's be realistic , as they are not going to introduce that , it is the lesser evil than doing nothing - i certainly feel my wife and toddler would be safer in a train car like this . 
  but you know what is shit ? 
  if a man with bad intentions still gets access , there are no men around to protect the women . 
  that could make it worse . 
  my preferred solution is simply buying first class . 
  it is really rare that troublemakers would take that . 
  the occasional drunk rich kid but we all know they are not the big problem , but ... 
  in fact , i would really like if normal city transit , subway , tramway would offer a first class car , free from homeless-smell . 
  sometimes i wonder if it would be a good idea if there would be on a normal subway or tramway mostly second class cars , one first , and one standing only third for the poor which would be free and paid for by the first-class . 
  win-win . 
  once i was in tokaj , the wine cellars . 
  it 's 35c summer outside and like 22c nice cool in the celllars . 
  wine , more wine etc. 
  tokaji can be very convincing to order more and more . 
  i stood up , felt fine , a bit floaty but okay , went up/out . 
  as the 35c and the sun hit my head , i got suddenly so drunk i was almost walking all fours . 
  i still do n't understand it . 
  probably it is about the blood circulation . 
  this is why i think those in the uk who hope the brexit could solve this are wrong . 
  in many ways the uk is farther down this path than the continet . 
  on the other hand , `` social media pressure '' ( twitterstorms ) is generally stronger in the us so it kinda balances out . 
  ... and by the evening women end up getting about 20 different kids of cheap shit cologne on them and smelling like a chemical factory . 
  that is why my mother made a rule anyone trying anything but her own - borrowed for the occasion - gets a triple dose back . 
  sometimes i wonder we should the reverse occasion for equality when women chase men with nasty ass old spice , axe and malizia uomo . 
  not my homecity , but i think birmingham does extremely well out of being twinned to frankfurt . 
  during most of the day , the inhabitants are condemned to eat british food , although the wiser ones eat indian . 
  but about a month before xmas the frankfurter markt opens , and compared to british food even the german one is a godsend , because everything is relative , after all . 
  so everybody fills themselves up with bratwurst , k\u00e4sekreiner , roasted ham with horseradish , bohnengoulash , drinks cold beer and j\u00e4ger , and feels fantastic . 
  of course it is also when continental expats gorge themselves fat , too , and feel a bit like back in civilization . 
  then from january again , it is fish and chips with vinegar on it . 
  cold reality knocks the door . 
  but overally this is a very good idea and could be copied elsewhere . 
  and it is not costing taxpayer money , all this is done by entrepreneurs , the city just gives the place . 
  from paul graham 's website , essays . 
  technological trends ( silicon valley ) are far easier to follow , because they actually make sense . 
  thought it must be the jaime lannister guy ... 
  `` persze '' is a shorter form of latin `` per se intelligitur '' i.e. 
  `` self-evident '' , i wonder how it did not get popular in more languages . 
  but then again , we used to publish laws in latin only up to 1836 and most countries not . 
  that 's also an east german thing . 
  it 's an acceptable approach , but only for people who invested time in discovering their own country first . 
  if they go for the holiday abroad all the time and have n't seen e.g. 
  szelidi or tisza lakes i am going to assume they are going for the status symbol effect ... this was pretty common in my school when i was a teenager . 
  i know , and it is not even that i am 38 - i stopped liking the way the trends were going around 2000 and i was 22 . 
  the nineties was so simple . 
  music was techno , and people mostly focused on looking good and kinda rich as well . 
  then guitar music made a comeback with oasis and there were again bands , not djs everywhere , and things became far more complicated , people started to dress scruffy again , stop lifting weights , stop getting a tan , girls cut back on the makeup , boys were looking like elton john and it all was so very ironic . 
  it did n't make sense anymore . 
  the nineties generation just looked like liking the simple things in life : sex , beauty , money , strength , and sometimes getting high . 
  the 2000 's generation is all about trying to look smart and special . 
  the perfect place would be tripadvisor , seriously , it does not even need to be asked , just go for high ratings . 
  how about neither , just one of the many countries that the communists left poorer than they deserve to be . 
  this is szimpla / ruin pub type of thing is exactly where i as a native budapester ( suburbian ) - although i moved abroad - would never go . 
  so i assume it is similar with the natives of other cities as well . 
  the problem is twofold . 
  one is that it is for people who have a lot of friends there and thus have fun with socializing with them . 
  but if you go there alone there is not much you can do . 
  sit , drink , watch other people talk but you can not really butt in the discussions of strangers . 
  you are better off in a music disco where you can dance at least . 
  or if you go with a friend and a coworker and just want to have a chat , there is little advantage in taking the suburbian train to these cool places , you might as well stay in suburbia like in the corners pub out in the 16th district . 
  the second issue is that these `` hipsters '' tend to define `` cool '' very differently than e.g. 
  suburbian or otherwise `` normal '' locals . 
  for me , the idea of `` being cool '' evokes being muscular , putting on hair gel , and wearing an expensive looking diesel t-shirt . 
  i would not do it all the time but this is what the people who are in my vocab `` cool '' try to do at a saturday night . 
  for girls , it 's cosmetic tattoos and sunbeds tans . 
  and the point is , the `` hipsters '' have a entirely different definition of `` cool '' . 
  for example they like to look rebels , while we normal people try the opposite and look `` aristocrats '' . 
  so they like using `` rebellious '' imagery like a lenin grafitti . 
  they do n't like to dance much , do n't know why , maybe less interested in sex , and they just tend to sit and talk all the time . 
  do n't know about what . 
  they are rarely muscular , never seem to have a tan and look like their clothes are from charity shops . 
  really different people . 
  hungarians flock to the croatian beaches for at least 20 years now . 
  cheaper than italy and about as good . 
  there is even a certain stereotype of the hungarian lower-middle class family vacationing on the adria , driving a suzuki ignis , packing canned food and homemade fried chicken because restaurant food is expensive , their only expense being the apartment rent . 
  ( this is actually rare to do it this way but the idea is to ridicule people who want to look like a high status by telling people they vacationed abroad and yet they can not actually really afford it . ), 
  i have n't been to croatia yet because when i saw my friends beach boots ... apparently they sell a kind of boots on the adria beach because it is too stony , not a sand beach . 
  that was a `` no thanks '' kinda feeling for me , that is something i really do not want . 
  however recently i have heard about the stunning national park and the renaissance italian style locations , so i might reconsider . 
  the thing is we now have a 2 year old and thus very , very rarely travel so we must really focus on just the best possible places otherwise it does not worth the trouble . 
  what is the point in living in eu but not western eu ? 
  ( assuming that living in place with a different language and all is always difficult and people usually do it only with a strong reason . ),
