  there is nationality and ethnicity . 
  slovakian is a nationality and slovak is ethnicity . 
  that 's so strange ... because only money ( and ok some money related things like schools and hospitals ) better in western europe . 
  but otherwise i would choose eastern europe . 
  you see i think western europe was kind of `` anesthetized '' to the point of being boring , it is totally comfortable and nothing hurts but nothing is really interesting either . 
  for example in ee you always love or hate neighbors . 
  in we you just exchange polite nods and otherwise utter indifference . 
  you do n't make enemies but also no friends either . 
  yeah , but that is precisely the boring stuff . 
  i mean , this is what is sabotaging travelling to some extent , suppose you live in copenhagen and decide to go on a holiday to rome and there is no exciting adventure waiting for you , most people are living the same boring routine of life and of course the city is organized around facilitating that . 
  so you can observe people working , having dinner with a friend or taking their kids to swimming practice . 
  so you end up just looking at pretty old buildings . 
  my point is simply that culture is something way beyond this boring routine of life . 
  there is a higher dimension of it that can be truly different . 
  for example , just a random example , look into kamikaze pilots . 
  what they were thinking , feeling , writing . 
  this will come across as something very interestingly alien . 
  not the daily routine . 
  and the retarded shit with the car taxes causing people to buy old cars which sabotages the whole idea because older cars have higher emissions . 
  some genius in copenhagen living 1km from his job and riding his bike just decided people living rural do n't need a car just as much as he does n't . 
  people in svenstrup or similar small places surely bless his name . 
   you should just feel like a citizen of the world that sounds exactly like the citizen of nothing . 
  we recognize things based on their differences . 
  if people would live on mars we could say that in comparison there is a distinct earth culture . 
  since all humans live all ( or near orbit to ) earth , there is no comparison . 
  therefore , earth culture means precisely no culture , it means no cultural preferences at all . 
  the world citizen is just the utter `` meh '' . 
   in u.s there was a very hard and rocky road as well until a stable federation developed after the civil war . 
  that is a wonderful euphemism for what actually happened namely crushing any kind of southern dissent , ideology or identity . 
  `` reconstruction '' . 
  sort of how south italy was utterly fucked in the risorgimento . 
  i am confused . 
  you do n't have to be on site , you can code at home , just visiting customers occasionally ? 
  so you can live the best of both worlds , making money in a high income country and yet living in a low price country . 
  for example i am a hungarian living in austria because of the pay but if i could get the same pay i would return in an instant because it has much more purchasing power there . 
  not much , despite taking advantage of it ( being allowed to work in a country with higher pay than mine ) . 
  the primary reason is having shit for leadership , no initiative , no coordination . 
  let 's face it , it 's an empire , let 's make an emperor . 
  having a political unit of diverse nations is per definition an empire . 
  the idea of a democratic empire is hilariously bad , democracy only works in homogenous territories , otherwise it is just a shouting match . 
  if you want elections , although why , let 's elect an president with very , very wide powers , running all our foreign policy , military , border control every 10 years . 
  run all those things that do n't effect us directly for example healthcare he should not run , but things projected outward , military , diplomacy , borders yes . 
  it does not matter who or with what policies , what matters is having the kind of coordination and longer-term planning . 
  this is not true , it is more accurate to say that after ww2 us liberal elites found it is easier to implement their ideas in occupied europe than back home with a strong conservative resistance . 
  harvard , yale have been the source of leftist ideas for centuries , starting with democracy as opposed to monarchism in the late 18th century , liberalism and capitalism as opposed to aristocracy , then communism and socialism with bellamy and marx working for the new york post and wilson being far less interested in suppressing the bolshevik revolution , wilson was generally the post liberal entente leader , then the new deal and roosevelt 's sympathy for stalin and finally ww2 and the military occupation of europe . 
  so the new deal could be implemented far more thoroughly in europe , that is the key . 
  but the ideas came from harvard . 
  after ww2 there was basically no resistance to harvard in europe . 
  on the other hand , bill buckley and others generated a new conservative resistance movement in america . 
  this ended up with harvard exporting the ideas to europe and then trying to reimport . 
  it is true that if you look at things from a purely economic angle , then europe has perhaps always been `` more left '' , for example paid maternity leave was invented in germany in 1883 . 
  but this should be interpreted in the context of what is left and right , it is true that america has always had a certain tendency for economic libertarianism , but from the viewpoint of the older european regimes this was `` left '' , because their ideal was monarchy , and this became `` right '' only when socialism became the `` left '' and absolutism or fascism basically forgotten . 
  however , non-economic ideas like anti-nationalism are from harvard , the same with modernized gender roles and so on . 
  without influence from harvard europe would be economically leftish , yes , but socially , culturally conservative . 
  so , between north tirol and south tirol as well ? 
  sounds kinda ... weird . 
  of course hungary has the same problem , there is something emotionally absolutely heart-breaking about putting barbed wire on the border where the other side is transylvania ... but it seems it will be done if many of these immigrants take that route . 
  je suis what the fuck is erdogan doing in syria even ? 
  this feature of the english language always bugged me . 
  it would be better to call them slovaks than slovakians . 
  slovaks are an ethnic group , slovakians can be of various ethnicities . 
  and in this kind of article it actually matters . 
  hardly any slovakian magyar or roma will join these parties for example as it is partially directed against them . 
  it 's fairly obviously an ethnic slovak thing . 
  this feature of english is weird . 
  apparently this - ian stuff is doen with `` less known '' people . 
  nobody says `` germanian '' or `` finlandian '' . 
  the same way also in eastern europe it should be slovaks , romans , bulgars or bolgars , croats , and lose the - ian . 
  sounds roughly like hungary , some unis have a good historical name , elte , etc. 
  but they do n't really help much in getting a good job . 
  certainly better chance than some small town college ( for some reason our governments wanted to put a bachelor level college into every place that is not too rural ) . 
  i do n't even know how the top jobs are distributed . 
  i guess studying abroad helps , or political contacts or dad having business contacts . 
  i live now in austria and noticed the economic uni is pretty brutal , students tell me that at many exams 95 % of the people fail it and it is not uncommon to graduate and start one 's working life at 30 . 
  but whether it is smooth sailing to a top job or not i do n't know . 
  i noticed monster.at typically lists technical , not economist/business admin jobs . 
  hm , it certainly _ feels _ true ( as in : i wish it was friday evening ... ) but not sure it is rationally true . 
  a human in a `` state of nature '' needs to hunt and gather food to live . 
  there is no choice . 
  so being `` enslaved by necessity '' is natural and not a social construct . 
  thus this really does not form a good basis for discussing policy , morality or anything else . 
  a possible good start is perhaps to accept that humans have a basic right to not care about each other , to simply refuse to be involved in something , and from that angle see if non-involvement is better or worse . 
  so westerners could simply refuse to buy anything made in bangladesh and thus they could work on products for their own consumption , but would that be better ? 
  most likely not , maybe yes , maybe western companies are financing bad politicians there and without this better ones would get elected . 
  that is possible but unlikely , more likely things would be worse . 
  so i think if the right to not interfere , to be indifferent , to not have to be a daddy to this whole planet is reserved , and we decide that what the west is currently doing is better than not interfering , that is , sort of , a good start ? 
  how much exactly is a correct pay , taking into the account the very different price levels ? 
  do you have any idea what a typical rent in bangladesh costs ? 
  i do n't . 
  well , in my family and circle of friends they rarely find better . 
  you see nobody has a college degree except me , and while there are theoretically blue collar jobs for women , there seems to be a strong gravitation to basically these housework style jobs done industrially . 
  food service , cleaning and so on . 
  i get it . 
  but please take it into account that the feminist style `` fulfilling ambitious career '' is a capitalist lie for the top 10 % of women . 
  or however much . 
  most women , like most men , do shit jobs just to pay bills . 
  nothing fulfilling about most jobs . 
  so they would gladly stay at home , but the problem is , a mans single income is not enough anymore . 
  i suspect the scorn put on kinder-k\u00fcche was invented by elite , rich feminists who could have really cool careers outside . 
  but i think for most women kinder-k\u00fcche was a welcome thing as long as a mans income was enough to support them because putting your child into kindergarten and going to work as a cleaning maid or waitress is frankly not something most mothers really like to do .
