  i think to show the general unpopular opinions we should upvote everything you do n't agree with here , so [ here you go !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/raxzpwy.gif ) also could you give a bit more balanced arguments behind your argument , they seem to go in the direction of one-liners now ... 
  thanks for your reply . 
   there is brother . 
  here is the map supporting my statement : http://i.imgur.com/tc6zare.png this is exactly the oversimplifying that i was talking about . 
  swedes are positive about immigration because they see the positive effects , especially considering they have one of the oldest countries in the world . 
  that does n't mean that they are also a supporter of the negative effects like `` immigrants taking over their country '' , they are actively working against that with immigration programs and such . 
  this is actually another way that the union could be helpful , some countries have the economic stability but lack the working force ( such as sweden ) , while other countries have more workers , in this way they can nicely and easily complement each other . 
  already 20 % of the immigrants are coming from the union which in general means easier integration ( so lower risk for `` immigrants taking over their country '' ) and more development for the union as a whole . 
   this is a good statement . 
  however , both alabamans and san franscio-people speak english and have an american citizenship . 
  in constrast to europe , where the diversity literally goes through every way possible . 
  i do n't think the language is that relevant for cultural overlap but yeah this does bring in some inefficiencies like i said in my previous post . 
  however the level of english is steadily rising so at least this is going in the right direction , do n't give up yet . 
   i can not even think about something that all the eu-members share , something cultural . 
  the majority religion of all eu countries is christian , sure they are a different kind of christian but so do [ different countries in the middle east have different kind of islam ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_x7xngfhbbwo/tk4m41v-58i/aaaaaaaaavw/nvste0qanvg/s1600/deoband44.jpg ) and [ different regions in china have different kinds of buddhism ] ( http://www.worldreligions.psu.edu/images/artimages/maps/asian%20religions.jpg ) ( i think you would n't find it hard to find a common culture there ) . 
  and the link between neighboring countries is even stronger with common history , architecture , cuisine . 
  the borders of europe have moved and shifted a lot over time , causing a large gradient over countries instead of strong boundaries with different cultures . 
  the question is just if you want to , to protect your national identity , focus on the differences ( which i see happening a lot in european countries now ) or instead focus on your common ground . 
  i think i know which approach will be more successful for us in the long run . 
   the thing is , american states have never been independent . 
  they have always been , america . 
  but spain and greece do exists for hundreds if not thousands of years . 
  they already have had their own currencies . 
  and back then , they could handle it well . 
  greece and spain can not compete without being cheap , unfortunately . 
  greece could n't `` handle it well '' before either . 
  that 's why they had to lie to get into the euro zone and it turns out that once investors find out you lie about your number , they are less eager to give you more money , especially with an economic crisis going on . 
  the euro just helped to extend this problem ( and maybe `` caused '' them to lie ) so it might have made it bigger but by now all the euro is doing for greece ( apart from the ridiculous austerity measures which only show less collaboration again ) is helping it to get into more stable waters . 
  spain fell down because of the economic crisis as well . 
  once again this might have been enhanced because the union made it easier for banks to invest everywhere else , making all the systems linked which helped the economic crisis to spread so fast and efficiently but the crisis would have been there euro or no euro . 
   for example , if we look at tourism . 
  a lot of the people who used to go to greece and spain , now go to turkey because of its cheapness . 
  if greece and spain had to have an independent currency , they could have devaluate to a point where tourism would increase so they could be competitve with cheaper destinations like turkey and other countries . 
  de-valuating your currency is not some magical trick to suddenly make everything cheaper . 
  currency is nothing more than an iou . 
  if a family produces one bottle of olive oil and wants to get bread for their entire family from that , they 're gon na have a problem , no matter how they write down their iou . 
  if they sell the olive oil for cheaper ( go back to the pesas but keep the euro prices ) they will still be able to buy much less with those pesas . 
  it 's a way to trick the population into thinking that they get the same while effectively they get less but that 's it . 
  for real economic growth you still need your production to grow with respect to your import , no matter in what currency you measure this . 
   yeah , but the american influence in nato is too big . 
  i think it would be far greater if there was an eu military-alliance , who cooperated with the usa instead of being part of an organization whose biggest influence comes from the usa . 
  so i guess we agree here then that more collaboration is a good thing and we actually are moving in the right direction here ? 
  i 'm a big supporter of the european union . 
  i think it has a lot of advantages to arrange certain things ( security , environment , financial stability ) together instead of locally . 
  however i think you put some nice points out here . 
  i would like to give some comments on them though and i would like everyone to do the same for mine :  the cultural difference is big . 
  on one side you got countries where corruption is almost the norm ( bulgaria ) , while we also got countries that are overly pacifists and would n't mind if their countries would be taken by immigrants ( sweden ) . 
  first of all you 're oversimplifying here . 
  i ca n't speak for bulgaria but it 's definitely not the case that sweden `` would n't mind if their country would be taken by immigrants '' of course there are differences in culture , but you have to ask yourself is that difference in culture really bigger than between a redneck from alabama and a hippie from san francisco , or a millionaire from moscow and a farmer from siberia ? 
   the language barriere is too big . 
  germany and france show no signs that they are willing to leave their own languages to install english as the norm language . 
  currently , there are hundreds of translators that have to do all the work . 
  this creates no unity whatsoever between the european people . 
  i think this is a great point , not so much for the people but especially for the efficiency of the european parliament . 
  with 20 different languages we can have 380 different combinations . 
   economically it is a disaster for individual countries . 
  for example , countries like spain and greece need devaluation of their currencies to be able to compete internationally . 
  spain and greece need low currencies , so that more tourists will be attracted + their products will be more attractive to export . 
  right now , with the currency of the eu which is centralized , these countries are in a throttle hold . 
  i hear this argument a lot , but is there any substantial evidence for this ? 
  spain and greece are getting money according to their economic productivity , be it in their own currency or in the euro . 
  if you would get a really cheap drachma they would get much more drachma for sure , but they will have to spend waaaay more drachmas simply because they import much more than they produce . 
  the only thing that would change is that it would get much harder ( and thus expensive ) for them to borrow money , not being backed by stronger economies . 
  that 's why most of the countries with too low economic productivity to support their economy therefore still borrow money in a foreign currency ( see for example [ argentina and the dollar ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/argentina-to-sell-up-to-1-billion-dollar-linked-bonds-this-month-1413589474 ) ) . 
  so they will still be dependent on the euro and their own economic productivity . 
  compare if alabama ( or whatever is a poor state in the us ) would suddenly get its own currency , do you think it would benefit from it ? 
  the economic downfall in especially spain is of course strongly linked with the european union because it made it easier for banks and investors to invest in other countries which caused a huge cash outflow and made all the banks linked which made the financial crisis so much more bigger . 
   another thing that really bothered me is , we 're saying that we need to form 1 big market and stuff . 
  but then , germany introduced a toll system for non-german drivers who use german roads . 
  how is this even progressive for 1 big europe ? 
  you 're already discriminating non-germans on the road , is n't that paradoxic to the whole point of the eu ? 
  completely on point , but this is a typical anti-union action caused by the more negative attitudes towards the union . 
  i think it 's a good example why the union will only work if we go completely for it , otherwise we have to demolish it completely . 
  there 's no half-assing in cooperation . 
   military the european union means literally nothing . 
  there is n't even an european army , we 're relying on the nato . 
  one could say , the nato is enough . 
  but the nato is n't purely a european union army . 
  we still have to deal with other players so we can never decide what we do without the big influence of the usa . 
  this is not exactly true . 
  first of all they do mean something , their combined military spending ( 192 billion ) is second largest in the world . 
  we also do have a [ common security and defence protocol ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_security_and_defence_policy ) although right now the options are still limited the `` european union '' is already sending armies to certain conflict areas . 
  this is all to keep nato alive and functioning as well , but in this way we as europeans have already been able to get more influence into nato in general . 
  why did you add the star of david ? 
  omg , will have to get the fourth one now , thanks !, 
  taxi !, 
  we watched the entire trilogy at french class at least ... 
  you are absolutely right , sorry lost in translation . 
  i know that sesame street should have taught me this but i keep forgetting it somehow . 
  i know , maybe my explanation was n't clear ? 
  the hague performs all these tasks because this was historically where all the `` real leaders '' of the country were ( the counts ) who liked to live here over a more crowded city like amsterdam . 
  however for foreign leaders such as the spanish king , or napoleon this was irrelevant so they named amsterdam our official capital and put their representatives there . 
  of course right now we 're not occupied anymore but the official definition remained , while also the true political power remained in the hague , where they have also always been . 
  hope this makes it more clear . 
  what would our second capital be ? 
  the hague and amsterdam ? 
  if so that 's because the hague was always the place where the counts of the netherlands came together . 
  amsterdam was called our capital by the spanish and later napoleon ( so basically amsterdam was the capital for our occupiers while the hague was the capital for the dutch leaders ( it was the capital of the original `` holland '' ) . 
  the official definition of amsterdam being our capital remained while the leaders also were n't going to move away from the hague .
