i 'm not a great cook so i 'm open for suggestions but this always seems to turn the attitude of foreigners towards the dutch cuisine around : hachee : ingredients ( the amounts are approximate for 3 people ) : - 500g beef escalope ( not sure about this translation , sukadevlees in dutch , but any red meat will do really ) - 3 onions - 3 pieces of ontbijtkoek ( dutch spiced cake , if you can not find this main spices are ( with approximate ratios , no idea of the quantity here sorry , find your own taste ) ) , also adding some bread will help the sauce to thicken : o 1 cloves o 4 cinnamon o 1 ginger o 1 succade o 1 nutmeg - 1 red bell pepper - 2-3 spoons of syrup - 1.5 dl vinegar - 1.5 dl white wine ( fruity ) - bouillon - 2 leafs of the laurel - 5 cloves - 1 cinnamon stick - pepper and salt preparation bake the onion in the oil until they 're transparent . 
  add the meat ( cut into cubes ) bake until it has a nice brown skin . 
  add the bell pepper and mix . 
  add vinegar , white wine and bouillon so that everything is submerged . 
  add the spices to the pan , mix and add the syrup and the ontbijtkoek ( do n't worry it 'll dissolve ) and let it stand for 20-50 minutes until all/most liquid is gone . 
  after this your hachee is ready to be served with rice or bread or potatoes . 
  * edit : also great series !, 
  * edit2 : someone asked for a picture , not mine but [ this ] ( https://www.spoelder.nl/media/wysiwyg/tips-van-de-slager/hachee.jpg ) is pretty much what it 'll look like if you follow this recipe, 
  in the original source they only claim he was pictured with it and that there 's no proof that he was a member . 
  i think the whole football team riots caused some bad blood , but also there no proof is given . 
  `` conquer '', 
  the guy on the left seems surprised about what his sign says ... 
  [ they had a nice discussion about it there as well ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/combatfootage/comments/1elgnr/an_explanation_of_the_takbir_allahu_akbar/ ), 
  of course , i would probably have the same initial response . 
  the only difference that to me that does n't mean they should just stop saying it altogether . 
  it might be advisable to use it more in less threatening situations or to tell them to be cautious with it in specific situations as well , just like you have to be cautious to shout `` that 's the bomb ! '', 
  at an airport . 
  or that it might be smarter to refer to your medicine as medication , instead of as drugs . 
  but i would n't say a general rule where it 's forbidden to shout `` allahu akbar '' is called for . 
  or you know , bring a clock to school as a muslim ... 
  i agree that right now this is the situation we live in and people should be careful with how they phrase things , because people try to look for common denominators for these things happening . 
  but i think that problem lies with us not being able to make the difference between a phrase that is used millions of time every day in peaceful events and sometimes also during violent , and the actual violence . 
  it reminds me of the stereotyping where anyone listening to marilyn manson was looked at as a potential school shooter after the columbine tragedy . 
   shout allah ackbar or i have a bomb in a public place these are two completely different things ? 
   words so much as threaten others then there is a problem . 
  a bomb threatens me , how does someone exclaiming in his language that god is greater for whatever reason threaten me ? 
  i believe freedom of speech to be one of the core principles of our civilization , to me someone saying `` you ca n't say/shout that '' is threatening the core of our civilization more than the person actually shouting that , how much i would disagree with the sentiment presented there . 
  guess it depends where you draw the line , most left wing europeans would n't call hillary clinton left wing , yet that 's what she is considered in the us . 
  similarly , i would n't say our government right now is left wing , nor is the majority in our parliament ... 
  i do n't think the media should withhold information from us just to protect us from possibly being misinformed ... that sounds a bit like fighting fire with fire . 
  that being said i completely agree with / u/shamalamadindong that it 's irrelevant that they were shouting it . 
  which would make it strange that the bbc would editorialize that out right ? 
  could you provide a link to the bbc coverage ? 
  [ must have seen that volvo commercial ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqrcgf9dwxu ), 
  just a heads up that the final line of your safety parted changed to `` there , allowed refugees will receive a residence permit for a specific european country , where they will have to settle . 
  they are not allowed to travel to a different country . 
  the cabinet expects this will increase support in other european countries . '', 
  ok great video , thanks for sharing . 
  i do n't know why but i 'm just going to share my view on it , i 'll even add sources because well , maybe we can pull this discussion into something more intelligent . 
   a fresh supply of cheap labor that will drive down everyone else 's wages . 
  well actually , at least up to a certain extend , immigrants help create more jobs and boost the economy . 
  those companies that like cheap labor and would otherwise get it from bangladesh , can now stay inside the country and even increase their production , meaning more work instead of less . 
  also assuming these people actually pay taxes the welfare state can also increase . 
  fun fact , economic immigrants are actually better in this respect than war refugees because they actually come to work !, 
  [ peer reviewed source , it 's 20 pages but easy reading material ] ( http://pubs.aeaweb.org/doi/pdfplus/10.1257/jep.25.3.83 )  the rich gulf countries have not taken in any refugees . 
  while indeed there is a lot of criticism ( also in the arabic world ) about how the gulf countries are dealing with the refugees these numbers are misleading . 
  gulf states do n't record immigrants as refugees , they will be registered as temporary foreign workers . 
  if you believe that there are none of those in uae i urge you to take a look around you . 
  there is not a single native arabian sheikh to be found in dubai , granted most of these workers are n't from syria , but even if they were they would n't be registered like that . 
  hence the number is zero . 
  [ another peer review source , only the abstract is free but that should tell you all you need to know ] ( http://cadmus.eui.eu/handle/1814/20565 )  isis said they would send migrants . 
  so now suddenly we 're letting them decide how we should do our policy ? 
  i do n't think that anything isis says should influence us , unless it 's a real threat , in which case we should let relevant authorities deal with that . 
   here he comes back to the economic stuff i talked about this already in point one , unlike him i do n't feel like repeating myself . 
   they are destroying our culture !, 
  showing first a picture of a demonstration in norway and then a shirt of a guy which is supposedly showing the terrible ideas of [ dead legacy ] ( http://www.reemclothing.com/mens-clothing/dead-legacy-fear-for-your-wife-t-shirt-white.html ) aka it 's a joke . 
  but all joking aside , it is of course true that the culture in those countries is very different from ours and that this can lead to tension has been proven too many times already ( from both sides ) . 
  but i do n't think we should make our selection based on someone 's ideas . 
  i am proud of europe as being a place where a lot of ideas are tolerated and where you actually have the freedom to express yourself , unlike in many of those countries . 
   now he actually makes a good point about us starting conflicts . 
  but to say we caused the migrant crisis is going a bit too far . 
  the conflict in syria was already going on way before we `` intervened '' , and migrants were already fleeing out of there way before we intervened . 
  they were just going to neighborliness countries , up to a point that it brought instability there as well . 
  [ source , not peer reviewed this time but reliable enough i ` ld say ] ( http://syrianrefugees.eu/?page_id=163 )  until you 're prepared to personally house a migrant . 
  first of all , that 's not what society is about , this guy seems to not understand our welfare systems . 
  secondly there are many many people that are willing to house a migrant . 
  [ here 's just one of them ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/01/berlin-group-behind-airbnb-for-refugees-overwhelmed-by-offers-of-help )  the little boy died because of criminal smugglers , not western immigration laws . 
  criminal smugglers which are in place because of western immigration laws . 
  think for yourself for a moment , apparently these smuggling tickets cost 1500-3000 euros . 
  you can easily buy a flight ticket from whatever place in the world to europe for that kind of money . 
  so why are n't these migrants just getting on a plane , comfortably flying to europe , and applying for asylum there ? 
  it 's cheaper , more comfortable and less dangerous !, 
  unfortunately in european immigration law it says that the airline that brings in a refugee , is responsible for paying for the return of the refugee if this refugee is not allowed to stay . 
  so airlines will simply not let you on their plane if there is a risk of them having to pay for taking you back . 
  so this prevents migrants to take the comfortable and controllable way and forces them in the hands of smugglers , which disregard human life and often fund terrorism as well . 
  [ another source , it 's a video this time , in case you got tired of reading already ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo0irsfrpq4 ) well that 's it for now , once again for sharing this interesting video !, 
  * edit : spelling * edit2 : thanks for the downvotes guys , teaches me how much actual discussion is appreciated here and how much people just do n't want to see things that are not in accordance with their own views ... 
  that just depends what you 're looking for , i would say switzerland would be pretty nice , if you can afford it . 
   no , it really is n't . 
  islam is < 20 % of the world population yet they 're one or both sides in almost all of the wars . 
  that does n't just happen by luck . 
  i did n't say it was due to luck , once again look at the poverty line and compare that map . 
  they will look very similar . 
  as an added bonus you get ukraine there as well . 
   but i 'll ask you : in which country are muslims of any sect living comfortably with people who do n't share their sect ? 
  can you name one where there is n't some notable ongoing religiously-fuelled violence ? 
  sure and i 'll even leave out bosnia even though there 's no conflict there now , even according to your own source : malaysia , burkina faso , kazakhstan , brunei , guinea bissau , ivory coast , macedonia , tanzania , benin , sierra leone , uae , bahrain , kuwait , kyrgyzstan , uzbekistan the list goes on but i already have more than there are conflicts in so i 'll stop here ...  anyway : some qu ` ran for you if you really want . 
  violence : i wonder where you got your translations from but even then , the first one even says fight those who fight you but not more because killing is bad . 
  at least in the proper translation :  2.191 . 
  kill them whenever you confront them and drive them out from where they drove you out . 
  ( for though killing is sinful ) wrongful persecution is even worse than killing . 
  do not fight against them near the holy mosque unless they fight against you ; but if they fight against you kill them , for that is the reward of such unbelievers . 
  then if they desist , know well that allah is ever-forgiving , most compassionate . 
  keep on fighting against them until mischief ends and the way prescribed by allah prevails . 
  but if they desist , then know that hostility is only against the wrong-doers . 
  and finally  soon shall we cast terror into the hearts of the unbelievers , for that they joined companions with allah , for which he had sent no authority this is about those people being send to hell , not about people actually fighting others ... and your final point merely means that they strongly disliked the us , which can also be for a lot of reasons as well ( such as them keeping corrupt governments in place because they 're more us-friendly , supporting israel that keeps violating human rights , invading countries and killing a lot of civilians ) . 
  even here i had ( native , non-religious ) people saying that the us got what it deserves that day . 
  i do n't agree with any of it but it 's a step too far to say this is a showcase of muslim extremism . 
   it is very hard to look at european immigration issues with anything other than complete disdain . 
  what am i not seeing ?
